<doc id="20711080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711080" title="Willy Simke">
Willy Simke

Willy Simke was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Willy Simke was born in Belgern on the river Elbe on the 26 January 1914.
He volunteered to join the SS and was part of the SS-VT, which became the "Das Reich" Division.
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in February 1942 and the 1st class award in May 1942.
In 1943 Simke was a platoon commander in the 5th Company, 2nd SS Panzer Regiment at Uljaniki. His platoon was being held in reserve, when they were called upon to deal with an attack by 20 Russian T-34 tanks, which has broken through the "Das Reich" line.
Simke launched an immediate counterattack with his platoon and destroyed 17 of the Russian tanks. For his action on this day he was promoted to Hauptscharführer (Master Sergeant) and awarded the Knight's Cross.
Willy Simke survived the war and died in West Germany on the 28 August 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20711082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711082" title="Puerto Rican Conure">
Puerto Rican Conure

The Puerto Rican Conure ("Aratinga chloroptera maugei") was a subspecies of the Hispaniolan Parakeet. It was found on Mona Island and possibly in Puerto Rico.
Appearance.
The bird was similar to the Hispaniolan subspecies. Its feathers were a duller green, and the red markings on the wing were more extensive.
Ecology.
The bird fed primarily upon seeds, fruits, nuts and berries. It may also have eaten leaf buds and flowers. Nesting took place in hollow trees, old woodpecker holes and arboreal termite nests.
Behaviour.
The Puerto Rican Conure was a very gregarious bird, noted for its loud, continuous calling. While the bird was normally cautious, avoiding contact with humans, this lessened while feeding. As the bird often fed in farmers' field upon crops such as maize, this contributed to its widespread hunting.
Extinction.
The last bird was seen in 1882, by W. W. Brown, who collected the specimen which now resides at the Field Museum in Chicago. The date of extinction is not well recorded. It was referred to as still being extant in 1905, but reported as extinct in 1950. Hunting by humans is believed to be the primary cause of extinction. It was noted by James Bond that the bird was seemingly unafraid of gunshots, making it particularly vulnerable to hunting. Bond attributed the bird's extinction to the large number of pigeon hunters who travelled to Mona Island.
Deforestation of the island may also have played a role.
Three specimens of the bird still exist. Beyond the one in the Field Museum, the Nationaal Natuurhistorisch Museum in Leiden and the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris each possess one skin. Although it is believed the species may also have existed on Puerto Rico, all the existing specimens were collected from Mona Island. The specimen in the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle is the type specimen.

</doc>
<doc id="20711139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711139" title="Pirulil Range">
Pirulil Range

The Pirulil Range is a mountain range located in the southern half of Chiloé Island. It is located along the Pacific coast and forms part of the larger Chilean Coast Range. It northern boundary is the Cucao Lake, beyond of which the Piuchén Range rises. To the south the range ends at Corcovado Gulf.

</doc>
<doc id="20711147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711147" title="Brian's Brain">
Brian's Brain

Brian's Brain is a cellular automaton devised by Brian Silverman, which is very similar to his Seeds pattern. It consists of an infinite two-dimensional grid of cells, but unlike Seeds, each cell may be in one of three states: on, dying, or off. Each cell is considered to have eight neighbors (Moore neighborhood), as in Seeds and Conway's Game of Life. In each time step, a cell turns on if it was off but had exactly two neighbors that were on, just like the birth rule for Seeds. All cells that were "on" go into the "dying" state, which is not counted as an "on" cell in the neighbor count, and prevents any cell from being born there. Cells that were in the dying state go into the off state.
Because of the cellular automaton's name, some websites compare the automaton to a brain and each of its cells to a neuron, which can be in three different states: ready (off), firing (on), and refractory (dying).
The "dying state" cells tend to lead to directional movement, so almost every pattern in Brian's Brain is a spaceship. Many spaceships are rakes, which emit other spaceships. Another result is that many Brian's Brain patterns will explode messily and chaotically, and often will result in or contain great diagonal waves of on and dying cells. For example a 2x2 block of on cells will result in an ever-expanding diamond consisting of four diagonal waves that move across the plane at the pattern's speed of light.
Nevertheless, oscillators have been constructed in Brian's Brain. An example has just four on cells and four dying cells, and oscillates with period 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20711176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711176" title="Robbie Fradd">
Robbie Fradd

Robbie Fradd (born 4 December 1964 in South Africa) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.
Robbie Fradd, has ridden in his native South Africa and in Mauritius, Australia, New Zealand, Dubai, Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong. He was the leading jockey for the 2000/2001 Hong Kong racing season.

</doc>
<doc id="20711189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711189" title="Doukkala">
Doukkala

Doukkala or Idukalen (Arabic: دكالة, Berber: "idukalen", ⵉⴷⵓⴽⴰⵍⴻⵏ) is a natural region of Morocco made of fertile plains and forests. It is now part of the province of El Jadida and in the Abda-Doukkala administrative region. 
It is a plain stretching from the Atlantic Ocean south of Oum Er-Rbia River up to some 50 km further southward and the same distance eastward.
The main urban centers are Sidi Smail, Sidi Bennour, Had Ouled Frej and Khemis Zemamra. Sidi Bennour is the fastest developing center of the four.
It is mainly an agricultural region, with few tourist attractions.
History.
The name is derived from the Berber "adu" (under) and "akal" (land), thus meaning "low land", i.e. 'the plain'. Historically, "Doukkala" ("idukalen") referred to a Berber tribe which occupied the territory from Anfa (Casablanca) to Asfi. They revolted against Almohad kings in the 12th century. About 1160, the Almohad ruler Abd al-Mu'min settled Arab bedouin tribes there, a coalition of whom he had defeated earlier in Tunisia.
At the end of the French protectorate (ca 1950), there lived in Doukkala 372,269 Muslims, 2,680 Europeans and 3,933 Jews. 
Geography.
Doukkala is divided in three sub-regions, parallel to the seacoast.
The only mountain to be seen is "Jbel Lakhdar", at the border with the plain of Rahamna.
The plain is subject to flooding. "Warar", a temporary natural lake between Sidi Bennour and Arbaa Od Aamran only fills in rainy years. Its largest surface was noted in 1916, 1966 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20711200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711200" title="2008 ICC Americas Championship">
2008 ICC Americas Championship

The ICC Americas Championship is the continental cricket championship for the Americas region, for Affiliate and Associate members of the International Cricket Council in North, Central and South America, and the Caribbean. Since 2006, the tournament is organized in three divisions.
The division three was played in Buenos Aires, Argentina. This tournament was won by Turks and Caicos and won one spot in the division two (played in Paramaribo, Suriname. The division two was won by the host. Suriname won one spot in the division one. The division one was played in Fort Lauderdale, USA, and was won by the host.
Division One.
Division One was held in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, commencing on November 25. Six teams took part: United States (hosts), Bermuda (holders), Canada, Argentina, Cayman Islands, and Suriname (making their first appearance at this level after winning Division Two. The three venues was Brian Piccolo Park in Cooper City, Lauderhill Cricket Stadium Turf Ground and Lauderhill Cricket Stadium Artificial Ground both in Fort Lauderdale
United States won the tournament won all its games. Sushil Nadkarni (USA) was named the player of the series. Nadkarni was the leader in runs with 407 and Imran Awan (USA) and Diego Lord (Argentina) taken 9 wickets. Suriname finished bottom of the table, and were relegated back to Division Two.
Division two.
The 2008 Division Three tournament, held in Suriname, saw a very close contest, with three teams each finishing with two wins. The host nation defied the odds going into the last game, skittling the Bahamas for just 57 runs, allowing them to jump to the top of the table and qualify for Division One. Troy Dudnauth (Suriname) was named the player of the tournament.
Division three.
The 2008 Division Three tournament was held in Argentina and again saw an official international debut, this time that of Peru. The tournament was won by the Turks and Caicos Islands who thereby gained a place in the 2008 edition of Division Two in Suriname. Simon Shalders (Chile) was named the player of the tournament

</doc>
<doc id="20711233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711233" title="Valentin Berlinsky">
Valentin Berlinsky

Valentin Berlinsky (January 19, 1925 – December 15, 2008) was a Russian cellist. He was a founding member of the world-famous Borodin Quartet in 1945 and was a member until 2007. He was the only Quartet member to have played in it from the beginning. Berlinsky played for the Borodin Quartet for 60 years, making him the longest-serving member of what "The New York Times" described as being "by all accounts the longest continuously playing" string quartet in the world.
The group originally came together in 1945 as the Moscow Conservatoire Quartet with Mstislav Rostropovich on cello, Rostislav Dubinsky and Nina Barshai on first and second violins and Rudolf Barshai on viola, all members of a class taken by Mikhail Terian, the viola player of the Comitas Quartet. However, after a couple of weeks Rostropovich found he was too busy and nominated Berlinsky in his place. They signed an oath of allegiance in their own blood which Berlinsky retained. He also maintained a complete log of their many performances.
The quartet first met Dmitri Shostakovich in 1946 and became his interpreter. The group was known for its performances of all 15 quartets in the Shostakovich quartet cycle at concert halls around the world, including in 1994 at Alice Tully Hall in New York City.
The quartet was one of the Soviet Union's best known in the West during the Cold War era, through concert performances in the United States and Europe and through distribution of their recordings. As one of the most revered groups during the Communist era, the quartet performed at the funerals of both Joseph Stalin and Sergei Prokofiev, who both died on March 5, 1953.
After 20 years with the same line-up difficult times followed in the 1970s: Dubinsky defected to the West and the second violinist, Jaroslav Alexandrov, retired through ill-health. Having recruited replacements, Berlinsky insisted that the ensemble spend two years out of sight until the Borodin sound had been fully recreated.
Berlinsky was a very loyal Russian. In 2000 he said: "I have never condemned those who left. It's difficult to describe in words why I stayed, but for me it was nothing to do with cheap patriotism. It was just that Russia is my fatherland; I couldn't imagine living anywhere else." For much of his life he taught at the Gnessin School of Music in Moscow, nurturing many talented young players.
Berlinsky was born in Irkutsk, Siberia, on January 19, 1925. He took violin lessons from his father, who had been a pupil of Leopold Auer and who, with his three brothers, played as the Berlinsky Quartet in that part of the Soviet Union. He was soon sent to Moscow to study at the Moscow Conservatory.
Valentin Berlinsky retired from the Borodin Quartet in September 2007, and was succeeded by his protégé, Vladimir Balshin, but he still remained the group's mentor.
Berlinsky died at age 83 on the night of December 15, 2008, in Moscow, after a long illness.
Discography.
Berlinsky, V.A. Concert Master-Class: Beethoven/Shostakovich String Quartets performed by the Dominant Quartet. Rusico DVD (NTSC) 2002

</doc>
<doc id="20711238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711238" title="Western Fields">
Western Fields

Western Fields is a historic home located at Hebron, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It is a Greek Revival-style three-part frame "telescope" dwelling started about 1790 and expanded in the mid-19th century. The main block was constructed in 1845. The property also includes an early-20th century frame tenant house and corn crib, and a small family cemetery. In 1997, the Maple Leaf Farm Potato House was moved to Western Fields. Since 1825, the property was owned by the Phillips family, prominent Wicomico County planters during the 19th and 20th centuries.
Western Fields was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20711253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711253" title="Gosford Park (soundtrack)">
Gosford Park (soundtrack)

Gosford Park Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2001 film Gosford Park.
Production.
The director of "Gosford Park", Robert Altman, discussed the direction the film's soundtrack would take with composer, Patrick Doyle, suggesting that the soundtrack should not attempt to direct the audience to any particular part of the film, but to support it nonetheless. Another potential issue in the soundtrack's composition was the integration of Ivor Novello songs with the overall score. Altman noted that both of these aspects were handled well by the composer. Doyle used the film's main character, Mary, as a focal point for his composition, taking influences from her Scottish nationality and incorporating them into the score. He described the collaboration with Altman as "one of the happiest of my career."
Critical response.
The film review website SoundtrackNet reviewed the soundtrack positively, despite a lukewarm review for the film at large. The critic, Glenn McClanan, praises Doyle's scoring as "effective and surprisingly well-developed." He goes on to say that the score was intended mainly for two purposes: to give the audience a sense of the film's setting and to impart to the audience a sense of emotion, and that the film is successful in both endeavours.

</doc>
<doc id="20711267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711267" title="List of Clifford the Big Red Dog episodes">
List of Clifford the Big Red Dog episodes

This is a list of episodes from the TV series "Clifford the Big Red Dog".

</doc>
<doc id="20711273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711273" title="Pasha Records">
Pasha Records

Pasha Records was a record label founded by Spencer Proffer. With distribution through Columbia Records, Pasha was the home to acts such as Quiet Riot and Kick Axe.
References.
http://www.morlingmanor.com/pasha/mixmag.html

</doc>
<doc id="20711283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711283" title="Schierstein">
Schierstein

Schierstein is a southwestern borough of Wiesbaden, capital of state of Hesse, Germany. First mentioned in historical records in 860, Schierstein was incorporated into Wiesbaden in 1926. Today the borough has about 10,000 residents. Situated on the Rhine River, Schierstein is known as the "Gateway to the Rheingau."
History.
Before about 2000 years ago, a small Germanic settlement was located north of present-day Schierstein. The inhabitants lived on fishing and hunting. The course of the Rhine at this time extended to the edge of the forest. Here there was a large lake, which extended as far west as the "Binger Loch" (near Bingen am Rhein). Sand deposits and other evidence indicates that this lake extended as far north as Blierweg (near Autobahn A-66), Nußberg, and Freudenberg. Over the centuries, the channel at Binger Loch grew deeper and consequently the water level and area of the lake decreased. The dry land soon attracted the first settlers to present-day Schierstein.
By that time, the Roman Empire was expanding north, building fortresses beyond the Rhine. A colony of soldiers was established in Schierstein which served as an advanced guard. The colony was established north of the present Schierstein railway station, as shown by archeological finds of bronze, stone, horn and clay discovered there. Also found from this period was a giant Jovian pillar. Such columns were often erected by Roman landowners to show that their property stood under the protection of the deity. The Schiersteiner pillar is completely preserved. It clearly depicts a Germanic view of Jupiter, as a flying rider modelled after the Germanic god Wotan.
Roman rule in Schierstein lasted for almost three and a half centuries. Then the Franks settled in the Rhine Valley. To better manage the Frankish Empire, Charlemagne divided his kingdom into individual "Gaue". Schierstein belonged to Königssondergau, which stretched from Walluf to Kriftel. The region west of Schierstein received its current name of "Rheingau".
The name of Schierstein changed often over time: it was "Skerdesstein" in 943, "Skerdisstein" by 1000, and "Scerstein" in 1015. This last name is similar present-day vernacular pronunciation ""Scherstaa"". Schierstein means "Fortress of Sherto", suggesting that there was probably a castle here. This assumption is confirmed by Roman bricks found on the grounds of the Söhnlein plant. Documents dating to 1275 show that a court (German "Centgericht") functioned here made up of the mayor and seven jury members.
In the following centuries, the small community suffered many armed conflicts, being spared from none of the wars that raged across the Rhineland. The population especially suffered during the Thirty Years War (1618-1648). Up to that time, the farmers had achieved a certain prosperity, but, according to a chronicle of several large estates, almost all were terribly devastated and vineyards left to grow wild. The plague decimated the population and Schierstein fell into large debt. Therefore, the community requested the Count of Nassau Georg August Samuel to allow the town free movement of goods without tax (which he did). Only in 1720 was the community able to cover part of its debts.
From 1745 to 1763, Schierstein was alternately occupied by French and imperial troops and the citizens forced to give them quarter. However, the Protestant Church was constructed at this time.
In the middle of the 19th century, Schierstein began to grow strongly due to the construction of the port. At the beginning of the 20th Century it was connected with Wiesbaden by a tram, via Biebrich. In 1926, Schierstein was incorporated into the city of Wiesbaden.
In 1923, the Schierstein Kaserne was built east of the town center to house occupation troops of the French Army (the 133rd and 243rd Field Artillery Regiments) following World War I. In January 1926, the French troops were replaced in Schierstein by two English infantry companies of the 2nd Battalion, who remained until 1930. In 1938, the Kaserne officially became a German military installation, housing the 12th German Medical Supply Depot. The depot remained at Schierstein until late 1945, when the United States Army forces occupied Wiesbaden. The Schierstein Kaserne eventually became the headquarters of the U.S. Air Force 497th Reconnaissance Technical Group in early 1952, who remained until the site was deactivated on 1 July 1992. The site of the former Kaserne has since been redeveloped as residential housing.
General description.
The old town center with its narrow alleys is situated upstream of the Schiersteiner Port. The Rococo Christophoruskirche is located in the center of the old town. Directly next door is the entrance to the Heritage Museum. On Bernhard-Schwarz-Straße, a green space marks the location of the destroyed synagogue.
On Küferstraße, a well-known pair of white storks nests on an abandoned chimney. About 50 stork pairs breed in a nature conservation area on the grounds of the Rhine water treatment plant on the west side of Schierstein, between the borough and Walluf. The storks have been reintroduced by the "Schiersteiner Storchengemeinschaft" (“Schierstein Stork Association”) beginning in 1972. Since the reintroduction of the white stork in Schierstein, over 600 young storks have been born in Schierstein. Many of them now breed in other places in Germany and abroad.
Also west of the town center stands the Rheingau Palace, the former head of Sektkellerei Söhnlein. Following the acquisition of Söhnlein also by its Wiesbaden-based competitor Henkell's, the headquarters was abandoned. Today, the buildings are used for offices. Among other things, a branch of the European Business School of Oestrich-Winkel is located here.
To the east of the old town Schierstein borders the great industrial Äppelallee of the neighboring borough of Biebrich. North is the Siedlung Freudenberg neighborhood, part of the borough of Wiesbaden-Dotzheim. In the south across the Rhine the borough of Mombach, northwest of Schierstein is the borough of Frauenstein and west is the wine center of Walluf.
Schiersteiner Port.
The Schiersteiner Port is situated along the Rhine (km 506.0) in Schierstein. The Port is largely used as a marina today. Constructed in 1858, the port has a length of 1250 meters and has become a water sports center with a 1250 meter-long regatta course. On its northern shore is the port promenade, which because of its Mediterranean flair, has become known as the "Schiersteiner Riviera".
Several yacht clubs and water-sports clubs are based at the Schiersteiner Port, including the Middle Rhine Motorboat Club and the water-sports club "Wassersportverein Schierstein". The port also has a boathouse for the Wiesbaden schools and the Wiesbaden-Biebrich rowing society, which offers rowing as a hobby and a competitive sport for youth and adults.
For more than 15 years, the "Volkshochschule Wiesbaden" has offered training for water sports at the Schiersteiner Port, including customer seminars, boat driver's licenses for sailing and motor boats, and navigation.
The "Schiersteiner Harbor Festival" is held at the Port every year in mid-July. It includes dragon boat races and a fireworks display. In addition, the Wiesbaden-Biebrich Rowing Society holds the "Ruder" ("Helm") Regatta at the Schiersteiner Port each year. Since August 2007, the 1.9 km swimming distance of the "Ironman 70.3 Germany Wiesbaden" Triathlon has gone through the Schiersteiner Harbor docks, at the western end of which is the first transition area for cycling. 
For several years, the Schiersteiner Port regularly hosts the Wiesbaden city championship in Formula Future motorboat racing. In this discipline, Wiesbaden has provided, since the year 2000, one European champion, two German champions, three German runners-up, four Hessen champions, and a 5th Place in the world championships. Leaders in placement and youth training is the Wiesbaden Yacht Club. For the city championship and the necessary training, a course is laid out with buoys in the eastern Harbor.
Christophoruskirche.
The Protestant Christophoruskirche, dedicated to St. Christopher, was built in 1752. It replaced an older church from the 9th century, which had become so dilapidated that in January 1752 parts of the church tower collapsed. The congregation had already contemplated for several years to build a new church, since the old building had become too small. The Baroque architect Anselm Franz von Ritter zu Groenesteyn, who owned property in Schierstein, had donated a site to the church in 1750. In 1748, the Mayor of Frankfurt, merchant and banker Johann Georg von Schweitzer (a member of the Frauenstein "Gesellschaft"), had allowed the Schierstein curate a collection of 604 guilders in the Free Imperial City, which provided the basis for the construction of the church.
After the blueprints of Johann Georg Bager were rejected by Prince Charles of Nassau-Usingen as too big and too expensive, a cheaper plan was designed by Johann Scheffer, which the prince approved. Von Ritter contributed suggestions, especially for the interior decoration.
Von Schweitzer commissioned Frankfurt sculptor Johann Daniel Schnorr to build pulpit and altar. On the pulpit, Schnorr carved three coats of arms: in the middle was the emblem of Nassau-Usingen, on the right was the Schierstein orb with a cross, and on the left was the crest of von Schweitzer, the Frankfurt benefactor. Above the pulpit are three cherubs: one holding a chalice (representing faith), another holding an anchor (representing hope), and the third - placed higher than faith and hope - holding the Commandments (representing Love). (This is a representation of St. Paul's quotation in 1 Corinthians 13:13 - "But now remain faith, hope, love, these three, but the greatest of these is love".) The four Corinthian columns of the altar area symbolize the four Evangelists. The twelve Doric columns bearing the galleries represent the twelve apostles.
Scheffer, for reasons of cost, planned a small wooden bell tower instead of a stone tower. The tower was built on the eastern end of the roof, positioned directly behind the pulpit from where the bells could be rung.
The foundation stone was laid on 3 May 1752 and the topping-out ceremony on 9 November 1752. The costs of building of 9006 guilders was nearly double the original estimate, but it was offset by revenue of 9262 guilders obtained from loans, collections (especially from the Frankfurt collection), donations and grants, together with the proceeds from the sale of recyclable materials salvaged from the old church.
The church is a concert venue of the Schiersteiner Kantorei and of the Rheingau Musik Festival.
Religious life.
Besides the church, the Protestant community of Schierstein also includes the over forty year-old Church of the Resurrection in North Schierstein (the part of the borough north of the railway line). Schierstein is also home to the Roman Catholic Church of Sts. Peter and Paul, consecrated in 1968. The portal displays hammered-copper symbols of the primary occupations of the residents of Schierstein (fishing, agriculture, viticulture, industry), as well as the historical symbol of Schierstein (the royal orb) and the symbols for the two patron saints (a key and sword, respectively).
Demographics.
As of November 30, 2008, Schierstein has 10,106 inhabitants, of whom 5,228(51.7%) are women and 4,878 (48.3%) are men. The percentage of foreigners is 13.7% (1,384). As of January 1, 2008, the primary countries of origin of the foreign citizens were Turkey (23.6%), Greece (22.7%), Italy (8.1%), Poland (6.1%), and Serbia (5.5%).
Also as of January 1, 2008, the age structure of the population was as follows:
Transportation.
Schierstein's railway station is situated on the East Rhine railway, which connects Wiesbaden's "Hauptbahnhof" (main train station) with Niederlahnstein. The station is served by regional trains to Koblenz and Frankfurt am Main via the Wiesbaden "Hauptbahnhof".
Schierstein is served by several bus routes of Stadtwerke Wiesbaden (ESWE) and the Omnibusverkehr Rhein-Nahe GmbH (ORN), which connect it with the Wiesbaden city center. In the opposite direction, ORN buses lead to the Rheingau and Taunus. MVG Mainz and ESWE operate Community Route 47 to Gonsenheim and route 45 to the Mainz Hauptbahnhof via Mainz-Mombach.
Industry.
Schierstein has two industrial areas - on the east side of the borough along the A-643 and a smaller area north of the railroad line. Major companies include Dow Corning, bearing-manufacturer Federal Mogul(formerly Glyco Metall), and chemical distributor A. + E. Fischer-Chemie.
Politics.
Election results for representatives to the borough assembly ("Ortsbeirat") of Schierstein are given in the following table (expressed in percent):
The distribution of seats in the "Ortsbeirat" of Schierstein is as follows:
Sports.
In Schierstein there is a community sports club, "Turngemeinde Schierstein 1848", with offerings in handball, track and field, tennis, and gymnastics. Schierstein is also home to several football clubs - FSV Schierstein 08 eV, SV Schierstein 1913 eV, SG Schierstein 1979 and Hellas Schierstein; "Freie Turnerschaft Schierstein 1913 eV", and the water-sports club "Wassersportverein Schierstein". In addition, in recent years, the Schierstein Port has become one of the German centers of dragon boat racing.
Sources.
This article incorporates text translated from the corresponding German Wikipedia article, and the German Wikipedia article on the Schierstein Port, as of 2008-12-28.

</doc>
<doc id="20711307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711307" title="John Wall (judge)">
John Wall (judge)

Sir John Anthony Wall CBE (4 June 1930 – 1 December 2008) was a British lawyer and the first visually impaired judge at the High Court of Justice of the 20th century.
Wall was born in East Finchley. He suffered from glaucoma from an early age, which caused him to go completely blind by the age of eight. After his blindness took hold, he moved from a mainstream school to Chorleywood School for the Blind. He moved to Worcester College for the Blind (now New College Worcester) in 1940. Despite only being 14, two years younger than usual, he took his School Certificate in 1944, achieving the highest score in his class. After further strong academic performance in his Higher School Certificate, he was accepted into Balliol College, Oxford where he read jurisprudence and graduated in 1951. He also played chess at school and university.
His blindness presented him with difficulties in finding a job; he made over 400 job applications after graduating and was invited to 53 interviews before he was offered a job as an articled clerk at Wilkins, Rowan and Newman, a small law firm of solicitors in Chelsea. He qualified as a solicitor in 1954, and in 1956 he began working as a legal adviser for the National Association of Local Government Officers (now part of Unison). Around this time he attempted to become a judge, but his application was rejected due to the potential difficulties his blindness could cause (as he would be unable to read court documents or study witnesses, for example) and because it was felt appointing a blind judge would not leave the public confident he could perform his duties.
After 18 years as a legal adviser with NALGO, he joined the law firm Middleton Lewis in 1974 as a partner specialising in litigation, staying on when the firm merged with Lawrence Graham in 1977. He again applied to become a judge in 1990 and was this time successful. He was formally appointed as a Deputy Master of the High Court in the Chancery Division in 1991. He is believed to be the first blind person to be appointed to judicial office in modern times, and possibly the first since the 18th century. A clerk helped him to deal with his paperwork, reading the case materials to him before court hearings and reading barristers' written submissions. He was noted for his speed, work ethic and efficiency. In 1993 he retired as a partner at Lawrence Graham, and retired from his position as a Deputy Master in 2002. 
He was chairman of the Society of Blind Lawyers, and served on the committees of the Royal National Institute for the Blind and the European Blind Union. He was president of the EBU from 1996 to 2003. After serving on the executive council of the RNIB since 1962, he its chairman from 1990 to 2000. In the 1994 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire, "For services to Blind People", and was knighted in the 2000 Queen's Birthday Honours, "For services to Disabled People".
He married twice, and had four sons from his first marriage. He died on 1 December 2008 of heart failure. He was survived by his sons; both of his wives predeceased him.

</doc>
<doc id="20711313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711313" title="Manus Plate">
Manus Plate

The Manus Plate is a tiny tectonic plate located northeast of New Guinea. It is sandwiched between the North Bismarck Plate and the South Bismarck Plate.
References.
50. Bird, P. (2003) An updated digital model of plate boundaries, "Geochemistry Geophysics Geosystems", 4(3), 1027, . [http://peterbird.name/publications/2003_PB2002/2003_PB2002.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20711323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711323" title="Maple Leaf Farm Potato House">
Maple Leaf Farm Potato House

The Maple Leaf Farm Potato House is a historic agricultural storage building located on the property of Western Fields at Hebron, Wicomico County, Maryland. It was originally located on the north side of U.S. Route 50, southeast of the intersection with White Lowe Road, and moved to its present site in July 1997. It is a common bond brick structure measuring 40 feet by 24 feet, built between 1920 and 1928, and used for the storage of sweet potatoes.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20711367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711367" title="Cultural News">
Cultural News

The Cultural News is a Los Angeles-based English language publication about traditional and contemporary Japanese culture. It is a monthly tabloid newspaper format with eight pages.
Markets served.
Los Angeles has the largest Japanese expatriate population in the world and in the U.S. Los Angeles is the most popular destination for performing artists from Japan to the U.S. As a result, Los Angeles is full of Japanese cultural events throughout the year.
In order to bring cultural information to Japanese communities and American enthusiasts of Japanese culture, Cultural News prints 6,000 copies monthly and distributes to more than ten Japanese cultural centers in Southern California, Little Tokyo and Downtown Los Angeles.
Ambassador Ryozo Kato to the U.S.A (October 2001-May 2008) praised Cultural News in his letter dated on February 27, 2006, as following:
Thank you for letting me read a copy of Cultural News. I was impressed to see that it explains Japanese culture clearly, and includes a variety of articles that would appeal to wide range of readers. I am quite inspired and grateful of your determination to introduce Japanese culture to many people and play a great role in the cultural exchange between our countries.
History.
Cultural News was started in 1998 by Shige Higashi in Los Angeles with a help of a friend from Japan. From 1999 to 2001, Cultural News was published once every two months while Shige worked as a translator in a Japanese travel company.
After the September 11 Attack took place in 2001, Shige lost his job because the Japanese travel industry in Los Angeles was totally devastated. However, his friends raised $8,000 to support Shige’s effort.
With this $8,000 as the capital, Cultural News, Inc. was incorporated by Shige in June 2002. Since January 2002, Cultural News has been published every month continuously.
Business structure and financing.
Even though Cultural News, Inc. is a corporation, Cultural News is basically Shige’s “one man show.” Shige is publisher, editor, advertisement sales, accountant, bookkeeper and deliver boy. Page layout and some editorial works are done outside but paid very little.
The Approximate $50,000 annual budget is covered by subscriptions, advertisements and donations from individuals in the U.S. and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20711373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711373" title="Mist (disambiguation)">
Mist (disambiguation)

Mist is a weather phenomenon similar to fog.
Mist may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20711382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711382" title="Marc Rosenberg">
Marc Rosenberg

Marc Rosenberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20711430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711430" title="Huey Johnson">
Huey Johnson

Huey Johnson (born 1933) is a self-described environmentalist and the founder of Resource Renewal Institute (RRI), a non-profit organization that deals with environmental sustainability. He is also the founder of The Trust for Public Land, the Grand Canyon Trust and the Environmental Liaison Center. In 2001, Johnson was awarded by the United Nations Environmental Programme the $200,000 Saskawa Prize, considered one of the world’s most important environmental awards. Huey Johnson’s work in resource management has been praised by United Nations officials for having a global perspective. The United Nations has also called Johnson "a catalyst and champion for environmental protection”.
From 1978 to 1982, Johnson was California's secretary for resources during the Jerry Brown administration. Johnson is known for introducing Green Plans, an integrated approach to protecting and managing natural resources, to the United States. Mr. Johnson believes that these plans are capable of managing Climate Change. Green Plans, which have been implemented in the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, and Mexico City, provide useful working models to help countries plan for a more sustainable future.

</doc>
<doc id="20711449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711449" title="Cookhouse">
Cookhouse

Cookhouse is a small village located in Eastern Cape province, South Africa, some 170km north of Port Elizabeth and 24km east of Somerset East, on the west bank of the Great Fish River, which formed the eastern boundary of the Cape Colony until 1819. 
It is said to take its name from a small stone house used for shelter and cooking by troops camping on the bank of this river. Another explanation links the name to the hot climate as experienced by the troops stationed there.
In the 1870s, the government of Prime Minister John Molteno oversaw a massive expansion of the Cape Colony's railway system, and a route northwards to De Aar from Port Elizabeth and Port Alfred was chosen by the Cape Government Railways to pass through what is now Cookhouse. A station was built here the town formed around this connection. Cookhouse is now an important railway junction.

</doc>
<doc id="20711452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711452" title="Rockin' That Shit">
Rockin' That Shit

"Rockin' That Shit" (clean titled "Rockin' That Thang") is the first single from The-Dream's second studio album, "Love vs. Money". The song features production by Tricky Stewart.
Release.
The song was digitally released on December 9, 2008. It was released to Rhythm/Crossover radio on the same day.
Music video.
The music video was shot on January 27, 2009 with director Ray Kay, and released on February 10, 2009.
A music video supporting The-Dream's track "Rockin' That Thang", which is explicitly titled "Rockin' That S***", has been released. Directed by Ray Kay, the video mainly captures his performance with several sexy women dancing behind him. The members of Electrik Red are also featured as dancers in parts of the video and Nash appears to wear a thriller jacket.
It ranked at #14 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
Remix.
The official remix featuring Fabolous, Juelz Santana, Rick Ross, Ludacris and an intro from DJ Khaled. It was released via iTunes on February 17, 2009. The music video was shot in New York City on February 12, 2009, and premiered on Yahoo! Music on Monday, March 9, 2009. The video also premiered March 16 on BET's "106 & Park", alongside "My Love".

</doc>
<doc id="20711453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711453" title="Marc Rosenberg (judge)">
Marc Rosenberg (judge)

Marc Rosenberg is a judge of the Court of Appeal for Ontario, to which he was appointed in December 1995.
Rosenberg graduated from the University of Western Ontario in 1971, and earned an L.L.B. from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1974. He participated in a criminal law practice until 1995, when he joined the Ministry of the Attorney General as Assistant Deputy Attorney General, Public Law and Policy Division and Civil Law Division. In December 1995, Marc Rosenberg was appointed to the Court of Appeal for Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20711479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711479" title="Korean birthday celebrations">
Korean birthday celebrations

Korean birthday celebrations or Dol are one of the important facets of Korean culture. When a person reaches an important age in his or her life, Koreans have unique celebrations to mark these milestones. Dol has two meanings in Korean. The most common meaning is a child's first birthday or Doljanchi. It can also be used as a generic description for birthdays: Cheot-dol (first birthday), Du-dol (second birthday), Seo-dol (third birthday), etc.
"Dol".
"Dol" ("doljanchi", or "tol") is probably one of the best-known of the Korean birthday celebrations. "Dol" is celebrated for the first birthday of a child. When Korea had little medicinal knowledge, many newborns would die from childhood diseases or because of Korea’s seasonal temperature differences. When a child lived to be a year old during that period, it was a very joyous occasion. 
The first part of the "dol" celebration is prayer. Traditionally, Koreans would pray to two of the many Korean gods: "Sanshin" (the mountain god) and "Samshin" (the birth goddess). Koreans would prepare the praying table with specific foods: a bowl of steamed white rice, sea-mustard soup (miyeok-guk) and a bowl of pure water. Layered red bean rice cakes ("samshin siru") were placed next to the prayer table. The rice cakes were not shared outside the family; it was believed that sharing this particular item with people outside the family would bring bad luck to the child. After everything on the praying table was ready the mother (or grandmother) of the child would pray to "Sanshin" and "Samshin", placing her hands together and rubbing her palms. She would ask for her child's longevity, wish luck to the mountain god, and give thanks to the birth goddess. After she finished her prayer, she bowed to Samshin several times. Women were the only ones allowed to participate in this ceremony; men were forbidden to be part of the praying. When the praying ceremony commenced depended on the region. People from Seoul would pray in the early morning of the child's birthday; other regions prayed the night before. Today this part of the celebrations is usually skipped, because Muism (the religion that worshiped the Korean gods) is rarely practiced. 
Before the main part of the celebration, the baby is dressed in very colorful, ornate clothing called "dol-bok". The "dol-bok" that the child wears differs according to the child’s sex. A boy would traditionally wear a pink or striped "jogori" (jacket) with purple or gray "paji" (pants), a striped "durumagi" (long jacket), a blue vest printed with a gold or silver pattern or a striped "magoja" (jacket), a "jonbok" (long blue vest) with a gold or silver pattern, a "bokgun" (black hat with long tail), and "tarae-busun" (traditional socks). A girl would wear a striped "jogori", a long red "chima" (skirt), a gold-and-silver printed "jobawi" (hat) and "tarae-busun". In addition to their "dol-bok", boys and girls would wear a long "dol-ddi" (belt that wraps around the body twice) for longevity and a "dol-jumuni" (pouch) for luck. The "dol-jumuni" would be made of fine silk, with a thread to open and close it. Buttons were not used in the "dol-bok", to symbolize longevity. 
The "Toljabee" is the main celebration of "Tol". A large table is prepared with over a dozen different types of rice cakes or "ddeok" (the main food). Some types of "ddeok" are "paekseolgi" (white steamed rice cakes), "susu-kyongdan" (rice cakes coated with rough red bean powder), "mujigae-ddeok" (rainbow-colored steamed rice cakes) and "gyep'i-ddeok" (puffed-air rice cakes). Along with the "deeok", fruit is also served; the fruit on the table varies, depending on the season. There is also a bowl of rice and various other foods placed on the table. Food is not the only thing on the table, however; there is also a large spool of thread, a brush, a Korean calligraphy set, a pencil, a book, money (10,000-"won" bills) and a bow and arrow (or a needle, ruler and pair of scissors for girls). After the table is set, the parents sit the baby on a traditional Korean mattress ("bolou") and Korean cushions ("bangsuk"). This is done so that relatives can get better pictures of the infant. There is also a traditional screen in the background. The "toljiabee" then begins. The baby picks up various items on the table that attracts him or her. The items that the child picks up are said to predict the child’s future. If the child picks up the thread, the child will have a long life. A child who picks up the pencil, book or calligraphy set is forecast to be a good scholar. A child who picks the rice, rice cakes, or money will become rich; some say that choosing the rice (or a rice cake) means the child is unintelligent, or that they will never be hungry. If the ruler, pair of scissors or needle is chosen, it is said that the child will be dexterous. If the child chooses the knife, they will become a good chef. 
"Saei-rye".
The baby's well-being is celebrated 21 days after the birth with a meal of white rice, Miyeok guk (Miyeok seaweed soup), and Baekseolgi (white rice cake tteok). The Baekseolgi symbolizes sacredness. By this time, the baby and mother are still recovering from birth, so people were not allowed to see them. However, close family members are met and prayed for the healthy recovery of the baby's mother on this day.
"Baek-il".
Another birthday celebration is "Baek-il" (100th-day celebration). During this celebration, the family worships "Samshin". They make her offerings of rice and soup for having cared for the infant and the mother, and for having helped them live through a difficult period. They give thanks to "Samshin" and also pray for "jae-ak" (wealth), longevity, and "cho-bok" (traditional word for "luck"). After the prayer the family, relatives and friends celebrate with rice cakes, wine, and other delicacies such as red and black bean cakes sweetened with sugar or honey. In order to protect the child, red bean rice cakes are placed at the four compass points of the house. This not only brought protection, but was also believed to bring good fortune and happiness. It is widely believed that if 100 people share the rice cakes the child will live a long life, so the family would also send rice cakes to neighbors and others. Those who receive rice cakes return the dishes with lengths of thread (expressing the hope for longevity), rice and money (symbolizing future wealth).
"Hwangap".
When a person turns 60, there was a celebration known as "hwangap". This was considered an auspicious year, since when someone turned 60 the sexagenary cycle of the Korean zodiac is complete. Each person is born under one of the twelve zodiac animals. It takes 60 years for the zodiac animal and the element under which one is born to align. Another reason that "hwangap" is so important is that many years ago (before the advent of modern medicine), it was uncommon for a person to live 60 years. "Hwangap" is now celebrated on the 70th birthday instead, since most people live to be 60. There is a celebration; children honor their parents with a feast and merrymaking. Part of the celebration involves the children of the birthday celebrant; starting with the eldest, they bow and offer wine to their parents. After the children give their respects to their parents, their children show respect to them; again starting with the eldest, in the same way. While these rituals are being carried out, traditional music is played and professional entertainers sing songs, encouraging people to drink. In order to make the recipient of the "hwangap" feel young, adults and teens dress in children’s clothing. They also sing children's songs and dance children's dances.
Coming-of-age rites.
A less well-known birthday celebration is when a boy or girl reaches their adult age (20 for the boy and 15 for the girl). When a boy turned into an adult he would tie his hair into a top knot and be given a Gat (traditional cylindrical Korean hat made of horsehair). He would be required to lift a heavy rock as a test of his strength. If he can lift and move the rock, he is considered a man. A girl would become an adult by rolling her braided hair into a chignon bun and fixing it with a Binyeo, a long ornamental hairpin .

</doc>
<doc id="20711482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711482" title="You Complete Me (song)">
You Complete Me (song)

"You Complete Me" is R&B song by American singer-songwriter Keyshia Cole. It is the second single from Keyshia Cole's third studio album "A Different Me". Its music video ranked at #21 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
Chart performance.
"You Complete Me" charted on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and has so far peaked at number 7. It also peaked on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 at number 62. The song has become a bigger hit than the previous single, the song became her fifteenth chart entry on the Hot 100 chart and her ninth consecutive top ten hit on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20711489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711489" title="Tech High School">
Tech High School

Tech High, Tech High School, or Technical High School could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20711491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711491" title="Church of the Irish Martyrs">
Church of the Irish Martyrs

The Church of the Irish Martyrs is a Roman Catholic church located in the parish of Aughaninshin in the Ballyraine area of Letterkenny, County Donegal, Ireland.
History.
In 1990 plans were drawn up for a new church project to cater for the growing population of the town. At the time it was estimated that a church capable of holding 800 people would be required. The church project was initiated by Bishop Anthony McFeely and opened in 1994. It was the first church in Ireland to be named after the Irish Catholic Martyrs. 
An old abbey located in the parish dates back to the 13th or 14th century. In 2000 it was decided to create a new parish and call it after the abbey. The site of the abbey is visible from the Church and its graveyard, which dates from 1756, is still in use to this day. The parish has a population of 6000. The parish priests are Fr. Brian Quinn and Fr. Joe O'Donnell. 
Maurice Harron carved a 9 ft high stone cross on the church altar and local sculptor Redmond Herrity created a jubilee stone which can be seen on display outside the church.

</doc>
<doc id="20711497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711497" title="Norman Rawson">
Norman Rawson

Reverend Norman Rawson was a World War I veteran, attaining the rank of captain, and minister at Centenary Church in Hamilton, Ontario from 1937 until 1954. In 1938, he was a candidate in the 1938 Conservative Party of Ontario leadership convention receiving 22 votes and coming in last of four candidates behind the winner, George Drew. He subsequently became a speaker for the Leadership League, a conservative movement established by Globe and Mail publisher George McCullagh which proposed one party rule in Canada under direction of business leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="20711499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711499" title="Big Daddy G">
Big Daddy G

Big Daddy G may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20711510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711510" title="Bankura Sadar subdivision">
Bankura Sadar subdivision

Bankura Sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the Bankura district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of the Bankura municipality and eight community development blocs: Bankura — I, Bankura — II, Barjora, Chhatna, Gangajalghati, Mejia, Onda and Shaltora. The eight blocks contain two census towns: Barjora and Beliatore, and 75 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Bankura.
Area.
Apart from Bankura municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 75 gram panchayats under eight community development blocks: Bankura — I, Bankura — II, Barjora, Chhatna, Gangajalghati, Mejia, Onda and Shaltora.
Blocks.
Bankura — I block.
Bankura — I block consists of rural areas with six gram panchayats, viz. Anchuri, Jagadalla–I, Kalapathar, Andharthole, Jagadalla–II and Kenjakura. Bankura police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bankura.
Bankura — II block.
Bankura — II block consists of rural areas with seven gram panchayats, viz. Bikna, Kosthia, Narrah, Sanbandha, Janbedia, Mankanali and Purandarpur. Bankura police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kashiakol.
Barjora block.
Barjora block consists of two census towns: Barjora and Beliatore, and rural areas with 11 gram panchayats, viz. Barjora, Chhandar, Hatasuria, Pokhonna, Beliator, Ghutgoria, Khanrari, Shaharjora, Brindabanpur, Godardihi and Maliyara. Barjora police station serves this block. Block headquarters is in Barjora.
Chhatna block.
Chhatna block consists of rural areas with 13 gram panchayats, viz. Arrah, Dhaban, Jirrah, Teghari, Cheenabari, Ghoshergram, Metyala, Chhatna–I, Jamtora, Shaldiha, Chhatna–II, Jhunjhka and Shushunia. Chhatna police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chhatna.
Gangajalghati block.
Gangajalghati block consists of rural areas with ten gram panchayats, viz. Banasuria, Gangajalghati, Lachhmanpur, Piraboni, Barashal, Gobindadham, Latiaboni, Bhaktabandh, Kapista and Nityanandapur. Gangajalghati police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Amarkanan.
Mejia block.
Mejia block consists of rural areas with five gram panchayats, viz. Ardhagram, Kushtor, Ramchandrapur, Banjora and Mejia. Mejia police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mejia.
Onda block.
Onda block consists of rural areas with 15 gram panchayats, viz. Chingani, Lodna, Nikunjapur, Ramsagar, Churamonipur, Majdiha, Onda–I, Ratanpur, Kalyani, Medinipur, Onda–II, Santor, Kantabari, Nakaijuri and Punisole. Onda police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Onda.
Saltora block.
Saltora block consists of rural areas with eight gram panchayats, viz. Bamuntor, Gogra, Pabra, Saltora, Dhekia, Kanuri, Salma and Tiluri. Shaltora police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Shaltora.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20711516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711516" title="Quantem Aviation Services">
Quantem Aviation Services

Quantem Aviation Services, Inc (QAS), is an aviation services provider. Quantem provides services such as mail handling, cargo ground handling, and warehouse services. Headquartered in Manchester, New Hampshire, Quantem serves 16 airports within the US. They have contracts with multiple airlines, including UPS, DHL, BAX Global, and others. Quantem has over 500 employees which provide service to over 3,000 flights annually. Quantem handles over 300 million pounds of mail and 220 million pounds of cargo annually.

</doc>
<doc id="20711524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711524" title="Maoke Plate">
Maoke Plate

The Maoke Plate is a small tectonic plate located in western New Guinea underlying the Sudirman Range from which the highest mountain on the island- Puncak Jaya rises. To its east is a convergent boundary with the Woodlark Plate. To the south lies a transform boundary with the Australian Plate and the Bird's Head Plate lies to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20711545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711545" title="2008 Masters France">
2008 Masters France

The 2008 Masters France was a non-ATP affiliated exhibition tennis tournament. It was the first edition of the event held in Toulouse, France from December 18 through December 21, 2008. Only a men's singles tournament was held.
The tournament was open to the top eight French players who had performed best at ATP Tour events held in France during 2008 (at Metz, Lyon, Marseille and the Masters Series event in Paris). Some players had to pull out and were replaced by the next best French player (see the Masters France article.
Players.
Nicolas Mahut, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Richard Gasquet (as a wildcard) were due to play but they all pulled out before the tournament began, due to lack of preparation after injury on the part of Gasquet and, in Tsonga's case, in order to concentrate on preparing for next season.
Josselin Ouanna replaced Mahut two days before the start, while Arnaud Clément took the place of Gasquet and Tsonga was replaced by Michaël Llodra.
Key
Original qualifiers:

</doc>
<doc id="20711568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711568" title="Drifting in Silence">
Drifting in Silence

Drifting in Silence is the name of a longstanding ambient and industrial musical project undertaken by multi-instrumentalist and composer Derrick Stembridge. Stembridge chose the name as "a description of the feeling evoked by the music," intended to create the sensation of movement through regions of light and shadow. Stembridge has described the music of Drifting in Silence as "post-ambient."
The sound of Drifting in Silence is characterized by layered ambiences driven by groove rhythms, and punctuated by instrumental riffs and snatches of concrete sounds. Individual tracks range from meditative tone poems to high-energy groove.
As musical influences behind Drifting in Silence, Stembridge cites Robin Guthrie, Brian Eno, Harold Budd, and the music of Skinny Puppy, among others.
Drifting in Silence discography.
The first three Drifting in Silence volumes fit together as a trilogy. 2007's "Chameleon" began a new work cycle, with a harder sound.
Drifting in Silence has collaborated on several occasions with artists such as "3l3tronic," "Drev," "Anthony Baldino," and "Her Odd Fist."
Drifting in Silence has also remixed two tracks on the "Maelstrom" video game bonus DVD, and composed and scored the soundtrack for the video game "Ninjatown" by Southpeak Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20711582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711582" title="Index of Bahamas-related articles">
Index of Bahamas-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Commonwealth of the Bahamas.

</doc>
<doc id="20711594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711594" title="2008 Masters France – Draw">
2008 Masters France – Draw

Gilles Simon won in the final 5–7, 7–6(7), after Michaël Llodra retired due to an arm injury.
Players.
<ol start="5">
<li> Marc Gicquel "(Round Robin)
<li> Michaël Llodra "(Second Place, retired due to an arm injury)
<li> Josselin Ouanna "(Round Robin)
<li> Arnaud Clément "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Blue Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="20711609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711609" title="St Pinnock">
St Pinnock

St Pinnock () is a hamlet and civil parish in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. The parish is in the Liskeard Registration District and the population in the 2001 census was 621.
To the north, the parish is bordered by St Cleer and St Neot parishes, to the east by Dobwalls and Trewidland parish, to the south by Lanreath and Duloe parishes and to the west by Broadoak parish.
St Pinnock hamlet is just over a mile (2 km) south of Dobwalls and 3 miles (5 km) south-west of Liskeard. Other settlements in the parish include East Taphouse, and Penfrane. The parish church is dedicated to St Pinnock and is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="20711618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711618" title="Kenora Muskies">
Kenora Muskies

The Kenora Muskies, known as the Kenora Thistles from 1975 to 1982, are a defunct Manitoba Junior Hockey League team that played in Kenora, Ontario between 1968 and 1982.
History.
The Kenora Muskies were granted expansion into the Memorial Cup-eligible Manitoba Junior Hockey League in 1968. Two season later, the league was relegated to Tier II Junior A and competed for the Manitoba Centennial Cup.
The Muskies best year in the league came in 1970-71 when they finished first place in the regular season but failed to win the Turnbull Cup as playoff champions.
In 1975, the Muskies were renamed to the traditional Kenora namesake, the Thistles. The original Kenora Thistles were 1906 Stanley Cup champions.
In 1982, the Thistles folded after three progressively worse losing seasons.
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"
Notable alumni.
Muskies
Thistles

</doc>
<doc id="20711636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711636" title="Moraine Park Museum and Amphitheater">
Moraine Park Museum and Amphitheater

The Moraine Park Museum and Amphitheater, also known as the Moraine Park Lodge and the Moraine Park Visitor Center, are located in Moraine Park, a glaciated meadow between two moraines in Rocky Mountain National Park.
The two structures were built to serve visitors to the park, and are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The museum was built in 1923 by Imogene Green MacPherson as the center of her private tourist development, and was then known as the Moraine Park Lodge. The National Park Service purchased the property in 1931 and demolished the surrounding cabins in following years. The amphitheater was designed and built in 1935, with the design by the NPS Branch of Plans and Designs and the construction by the Civilian Conservation Corps. The lodge was reworked in 1934-35. Both structures adhere to the National Park Service Rustic design ethic of the time, with stone and log construction.
Imogene Green MacPherson first homesteaded the site in Moraine Park in 1903, naming the land "Hillcrest". In 1905, newly married, she expanded with a lodge, dining hall, stable and some cabins for guests. Paying guest began to arrive in 1910. Mrs. MacPherson continued to operate the resort after the death of her husband in 1919, and was involved in the campaign for the establishment of Rocky Mountain National Park. After her death in 1928, her family continued to run the lodge until its purchase by the Park Service.
The amphitheater is built about one hundred feet from the lodge, with seating interspersed with trees. A projection booth and screen once existed, but were removed. An elaborate arrangement of stone gutters and culverts provides drainage.
The Moraine Park Lodge adjoins the William Allen White Cabins historic district.
The museum features interactive natural history exhibits, with themes including geologic processes, glaciation, weather and climate, ecosystems, and human impact. The park offers environmental education programs based on similar themes. The lodge building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 8, 1976. The listing was expanded to include the amphitheater on June 15, 2005.
See also.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Larimer County, Colorado

</doc>
<doc id="20711649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711649" title="100 Classic Book Collection">
100 Classic Book Collection

100 Classic Book Collection, known in North America as 100 Classic Books, is a computer program published by Nintendo and developed by Genius Sonority, which was released exclusively for the Nintendo DS. First released in Europe on December 26, 2008, it was later released in Australia on January 22, 2009 and in North America on June 14, 2010. The program includes one hundred public domain works of literature.
Also, it was released in Germany in German with the titles 200 klassische Bücher DS (with German and international books) Bibliothek der klassischen Bücher (with only German books), and in France in French with the title 100 Livres Classiques. It is unknown if the program is going to be released in Spanish and Italian.
Genius Sonority had previously released a similar collection of books in Japan under the title on October 17, 2007. A smaller version of the collection consisting of 20 books under the title was released in Japan as a downloadable DSiWare application on February 25, 2009.
Features.
"100 Classic Book Collection" features one hundred books stored into the DS cartridge. Several of the works included are "Othello" by William Shakespeare, "Oliver Twist" by Charles Dickens, and "The Phantom of the Opera" by Gaston Leroux. Currently, 10 extra books are available to download through the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
The player is required to hold the DS like a book and is able to adjust the text size and change background music to listen to while reading. A bookmark feature allows the player to mark their place in the book, as well as resume from that point on restart of the game. The game offers a search feature for books in a number of different ways, including genre, author, and length. Also, players can access introductions for the books, and read about the authors themselves. An in-game quiz features asks players personality-related questions and recommends certain novels depending on the answers given. Players can also send "trial versions" of the game to other DS users via the local Wi-Fi.
Reception.
"100 Classic Book Collection" debuted on UK sales charts at number 17 during its week of release, and moved up to number 8 the following week.
The content was well received but critics felt the DS was not a suitable platform. Prior to the advent of Kindle, The Guardian newspaper reviewed the game as part of the "minority fad" of e-readers, declaring it bland and impersonal but good value for money. Eurogamer magazine criticised Nintendo for only using texts that were out of copyright and for not spending the extra for modern classics. It also found the text difficult to read due to the size of the screen, with unhelpful hyphenations, a low word number per page and distracting animations. The Telegraph newspaper agreed that the game offered good value for money but also criticised the size of the screen.

</doc>
<doc id="20711653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711653" title="Dan Bailey">
Dan Bailey

Dan Bailey (March 22, 1904 – 1982) was a fly-shop owner, innovative fly developer and staunch Western conservationist. Born on a farm near Russellville, Kentucky, Bailey is best known for the fly shop he established in Livingston, Montana in 1938. Dan Bailey's Fly Shop is still in business today, operated by his son John at 209 West Park Street.
Early life.
Dan Bailey graduated from the Citadel in 1926 and earned a masters degree in physics from the University of Kentucky. He was a teacher in Missouri when he became interested in fly fishing. His next job brought him to Lehigh University where he was able to pursue trout fishing in the central Pennsylvania chalkstreams. In 1929 while teaching at the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute he pursued a Ph.D. in Physics from New York University.
While Bailey was in New York, he met and befriended Lee Wulff, another notable fly fisherman. They fished the waters of the Catskills and Adirondacks together and Bailey eventually named a popular series of flies designed by Lee Wulff after him. Bailey learned fly tying while in New York and started teaching classes and selling flies to supplement his income. John McDonald, a noted fly fishing scholar was an early student of Bailey's and became a lifetime friend.
In 1936, Dan Bailey married Helen Hesslein, a nurse and acquaintance of one of his fly tying pupils. They honeymooned on an extended camping and fishing trip in Montana and Wyoming accompanied by his friend and fellow fly fisherman, Preston Jennings, noted author of "A Book of Trout Flies". It was during this trip that Dan and Helen began making plans to permanently settle in Montana.
In the summer of 1938, Dan Bailey abandoned his physics education to move West to settle in Montana. The original plan was to settle in Bozeman, Montana but a minor accident with their car going up the east side of Bozeman Pass just west of Livingston forced them back to that town instead. They decided to stay in Livingston and open their fly tying business there instead.
Dan Bailey's Fly Shop.
The original fly shop was established in the old Albermarle Hotel at 103 W Park Street along with a small shooting gallery. The Baileys lived in a back room and the rent was $25 a month. Because there was limited opportunity for local fly business, Dan Bailey's became primarily a mail order fly shop and outfitter for visiting anglers. Dan Bailey produced his first mail order catalog in 1941—standard dry flies were $2.50 per dozen. In 1981, the year before Dan's passing, Dan Bailey's Fly Shop was the largest manufacturer of artificial flies in the United States producing over 750,000 flies annually for wholesale and retail customers. The mail order business had over 50,000 subscribers.
The Wall Fish.
A unique aspect of Dan Bailey's Fly Shop was the "Wall Fish" where anyone who caught a trout of four pounds or more could have the fish outlined on paper with the angler's name, date and place caught. The paper outline would then be hung on the fly shop wall. The first "Wall Fish" was caught by Gilbert Meloche, a young fly tyer in Dan's shop. The fish was a large Brown trout from Armstrong Spring Creek. By the early 1980s, the wall had over 300 silhouettes of four-pound-plus fish on it. Although the "Wall fish" practice was stopped when Catch and release fishing came into vogue, the original "Wall fish" are still present in the shop today.
Innovative Western Fly Tyer.
Through his fly shop, mail order business and extensive correspondence and fishing experiences with other famous fly fisherman—Joe Brooks, Lee Wulff, Ray Bergman and Preston Jennings, to name a few, Dan Bailey became known as one of the most innovative fly tiers in the West. Using his knowledge of Eastern fly patterns, Bailey adapted these patterns to his experiences on Montana streams into a wide range of new and innovative fly patterns. A few famous fly patterns credited to Dan Bailey are:
Conservation efforts.
Apart from his famous fly shop, Dan Bailey earned respect and reputation for his efforts to protect and preserve Montana's trout streams. In the 1960s he helped establish the first Montana chapter of Trout Unlimited with fellow fly shop owner, Bud Lilly of West Yellowstone. Dan Bailey ultimately served more than 10 years on the Trout Unlimited board of directors.
Dan Bailey is best known for his successful two decades of grassroots opposition to the proposed Allen Spur dam project that would have dammed a major portion of the Paradise Valley and Yellowstone River south of Livingston.
In a 1959 issue of the Park Country News, Bailey wrote:
Recreation is one of the largest industries in Park County. Its value is less tangible than that of other industries which are easily measurable in terms of payroll or gross return. Several years ago the Fish and Wildlife Service estimated the value of the upper Yellowstone watershed at twenty-thousand dollars per mile per year for sport fishing. As the length of the Yellowstone as it twists and turns through Park County is about a hundred miles, the annual value of its fishing would be a hundred times twenty-thousand or two million dollars. The two greatest threats to the fishing resource of the Yellowstone at present are: 1) The possibility of large water developments which could mean much more of a detriment than a benefit to recreation. 2) The possibility of losing access to much of our best fishing water as fishing pressure increases...
Dan Bailey was also a prominent member of the Izaak Walton League, Nature Conservancy, Sierra Club, Wilderness Society, and Federation of Fly Fishers.
After Dan Bailey's passing in 1982, then Governor of Montana, Ted Schwinden proclaimed August 14, 1982 "Dan Bailey Fishing Day" to honor his legacy.
WHEREAS, the Montana Fish and Game Commission with sorrow and regret, observes the death of Dan Bailey of Livingston, Montana; and
WHEREAS, Dan's remarkable life includes many significant contributions to the preservation of trout waters, the conservation of trout and the art of angling; and
WHEREAS, the accomplishments of Dan Bailey were of such magnitude that the people of Montana can be assured for generations to come that Montana anglers will have a riffle for their flies, a trout for their efforts and flowing rivers for their souls; and
WHEREAS, the special relationship between Dan Bailey and the Yellowstone River ordains that his spirit will forever dwell in its waters, and that the river will run free as long as anglers share his love and respect for the river.
Now, Therefore I, Ted Schwinden Governor of the State of Montana, do hereby proclaim August 14, 1982 as Dan Bailey Fishing Day in the State of Montana and urge all Montanans on that day to observe the contributions of Dan Bailey that are now recorded and remembered through sparkling riffles, still pools and wild trout.
Ted Schwinden, Governor of Montana
Attest: Jim Waltermire, Secretary of State

</doc>
<doc id="20711674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711674" title="Upper Assam Division">
Upper Assam Division

Upper Assam is an administrative division of the state of Assam comprising the undivided Lakhimpur and Sibsagar districts, of the upper reaches of the Brahmaputra valley. The other divisions are: Lower Assam, North Assam and Hills and Barak Valley. The division is under the jurisdiction of a Commissioner, stationed at Jorhat. 
The districts which come under Upper Assam are Dhemaji, Dibrugarh, Lakhimpur, Golaghat, Jorhat, Sibsagar and Tinsukia. An extended list of the region also includes the districts of Sonitpur, Karbi Anglong & Nagaon. The Upper Assam region is the most productive region in the state, which is rich in natural resources like coal, oil and natural gas as well as tea plantations. 
Dhubri, Kokrajhar, Bongaigaon, Goalpara, Darrang, Morigaon, Baksa, Udalguri, Chirang, Kamrup, Barpeta & Nalbari come under Lower Assam.

</doc>
<doc id="20711676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711676" title="Cloonsheebane">
Cloonsheebane

Cloonsheebane ()
Cloonsheebane is a townland in Leitrim. Its name derives from the Irish " ", Cluain meaning "meadow," "Sí" meaning fairy, while "Bán" means white, and in this context it means clear or fallow.

</doc>
<doc id="20711683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711683" title="Mariana Plate">
Mariana Plate

The Mariana Plate is a small tectonic plate located west of the Mariana Trench and forms the basement of the Mariana Islands. It is separated from the Philippine Sea Plate by a long divergent boundary with numerous transform fault offsets. The boundary between the Mariana and the Pacific Plate to the east is a subduction zone with the Pacific Plate subducting beneath the Mariana. The Mariana Trench forms the southeastern boundary and the Izu-Ogasawara Trench the northeastern.
The Mariana Islands earthquake of October 31, 2007 was a deep earthquake. It had a magnitude of 7.4 and occurred at 21.980° N. Lat. and 142.685° E. Long. at a depth of 261 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20711691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711691" title="Bishnupur subdivision">
Bishnupur subdivision

Bishnupur subdivision is a subdivision of the Bankura district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Bishnupur municipality, Sonamukhi municipality and six community development blocks: Indas, Joypur, Patrasayar, Kotulpur, Sonamukhi and Bishnupur. The six blocks contain 56 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Bishnupur.
Area.
Apart from Bishnupur municipality and Sonamukhi municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 56 gram panchayats under six community development blocks: Indas, Joypur, Patrasayar, Kotulpur, Sonamukhi and Bishnupur.
Blocks.
Indas block.
Indas block consists of rural areas with ten gram panchayats, viz. Akui–I, Dighalgram, Karisunda, Sahaspur, Akui–II, Indas–I, Mongalpur, Amrul, Indas–II and Rol. Indas police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Indas.
Joypur block.
Joypur block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Gelia, Kuchiakol, Salda, Hetia, Maynapur, Shyamnagar, Jagannathpur, Rautkhanda and Uttarbarh. Joypur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Joypur.
Patrasayar block.
Patrasayar block consists of rural areas with ten gram panchayats, viz. Balsi–I, Belut–Rasulpur, Jamkuri, Patrasayar, Balsi–II, Biur–Betur, Kushdwip, Beersingha, Hamirpur and Narayanpur. Patrasayar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Patrasayar.
Kotulpur block.
Kotulpur block consists of rural areas with eight gram panchayats, viz. Deshrahkoyalpara, Kotulpur, Lego, Mirzapur, Gopinathpur, Laugram, Madanmohanpur and Sihar. Kotulpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kotulpur.
Sonamukhi block.
Sonamukhi block consists of rural areas with ten gram panchayats, viz. Coochdihi, Dihipara, Panchal, Radhamohanpur, Dhansimla, Hamirhati, Piarbera, Dhulai, Manikbazar and Purbanabasan. Sonamukhi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sonamukhi.
Bishnupur block.
Bishnupur block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Ayodhya, Bhara, Morar, Bankadaha, Dwarika–Gossainpur, Radhanagar, Belsulia, Layekbandh and Uliyara. Bishnupur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bishnupur.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20711732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711732" title="Cooperative Marketing Act">
Cooperative Marketing Act

The Cooperative Marketing Act of 1926 was a piece of agricultural legislation passed in the United States which expanded upon the Capper-Volstead Act of 1922. It allowed farmers to exchange “past, present, and prospective crop, market, statistical, economic, and other similar information” at their local cooperative meeting, without breaking antitrust laws. Previously, under the Capper-Volstead Act, they had only been permitted to exchange pricing information.
Under the Cooperative Marketing Act, farmers and their local, regional, and national cooperatives could legally exchange a host of information within their marketing systems. It was a critically important strategic authorization that enabled federated cooperative systems and marketing agencies-in-common to effectively function as coordinated entities.
In addition, the Act created the Division of Cooperative Marketing within the United States Department of Agriculture to assist cooperatives in gathering and sharing data on output, prices, and demand. The Act also created the Cooperative Research and Service Division which conducted research and service activities relating to problems of management, organization policies, merchandising, sales, costs, competition, and membership arising in connection with the cooperative marketing of agricultural products and the cooperative purchase of farm supplies and services.
The Cooperative Marketing act was useful, but it was still not satisfactory to the Farm Bureau or other farm lobbyist groups. For farmers, an increase in available information to help cooperatives work together was no substitute for the price floor on select crops that they demanded. Demand for a price floor was steady, and culminated in the passage of the McNary-Haugen bills in 1927, and again in 1928, both which suffered the veto of President Calvin Coolidge.

</doc>
<doc id="20711733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711733" title="Kłomino">
Kłomino

The village of Kłomino, located in northwestern Poland (West Pomeranian Voivodeship, near Szczecinek) is the only official ghost town in Poland. Originally known as "Westfalenhof", it was a large garrison and training ground of the German Wehrmacht. After World War II, the village, renamed "Grodek", was a base of the Red Army and for many years it existed only on Russian military maps. Since 1993, when the Red Army withdrew its forces from Poland, it has lain empty.
History.
Kłomino, located in a sparsely populated and densely wooded area of former German province of Pomerania, in the early 20th century was a little village known as Westfalenhof. In the 1930s, the Wehrmacht planners built a large military base here, together with a training ground. According to the Polish edition of "Newsweek", in 1939 some 60,000 military personnel resided in Westfalenhof’s barracks.
In the fall of 1939, after the Polish September Campaign, the Germans opened a POW camp here, in which in November 1939 there were some 6,000 Polish soldiers, as well as around 2,300 Polish civilians, arrested by the Wehrmacht during the invasion. In June 1940, the camp was named Oflag II D Gross-Born, and soon afterwards, French Army officers were brought to it in such numbers that in early 1941 there were 3731 of them. Later on, the number of French prisoners decreased, and they were replaced with Polish POWs, brought from other camps.
Westfalenhof was captured by the advancing Red Army in January 1945, and after World War II it remained in Soviet hands, as a military base. Even though officially part of the People's Republic of Poland, it was "de facto" a Soviet Union territory, and Poles were not allowed to enter the town. Renamed Grodek, the village was not shown on Polish maps. Around 6,000 Soviet soldiers lived there, and the parts of the former German base which were not needed any more were razed to the ground by the Red Army servicemen. The debris was sent to Warsaw, to help rebuild the destroyed city.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, the Russians pulled out in 1993. The derelict village became one of hundreds of former military installations in countries of the former Eastern Bloc — Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary. Grodek got a new, Polish name — Kłomino. For around a year, the village was guarded by the Polish Army, then it was transferred to the civilian authorities.
At present.
Since the Russians withdrew, Polish officials have been trying to figure out what to do with the village. It was on the market, priced at 2 million euros. The www.propertyshowrooms.com webpage advertisement described Kłomino as:
However, nobody was willing to purchase the village and too few people decided to settle there. Local authorities, for lack of funds, left Kłomino abandoned. The Nazi- and Soviet-era buildings have been abandoned and now the only sign that remains of the town's glory is the last wall of a collapsed movie theater adorned with colorful Soviet propaganda.
There were several suggestions what to do with Kłomino. It was planned to be a recovery center for drug addicts, meeting points for Polish enthusiasts of Harley-Davidson motorcycles, or a prison. Currently, there are five permanent residents of Kłomino. There is no bus or rail connection with other places, and the nearest shop is away. Anything that can be sold has been looted, including bricks, roof tiles, pipes and wooden beams.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20711751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711751" title="Humbert surface">
Humbert surface

In algebraic geometry, a Humbert surface, studied by , is a surface in the moduli space of principally polarized abelian surfaces consisting of the surfaces with a symmetric endomorphism of some fixed discriminant.

</doc>
<doc id="20711771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711771" title="Frat shag">
Frat shag

The frat shag is a hair style associated with college students in the American South, in which the hair extends to the eyebrows and past the ears of an individual. The haircut is generally accomplished by initially fading up the sides of the head, and then thinning out the hair on the top of the head. Over time, the hair on the sides of the head will grow faster than the top and will cover the ears. The hair on the top of the head can be combed over in order to retain the conservative look of the hairstyle. 
To be considered a true frat shag, the hair must not contain any styling products. On specific occasions (such as a formal), the hair may be blow-dried and combed in one direction. 
Although the hairstyle is associated with fraternity men, it is also popular among other male students on Southern college campuses, especially in the "Southeastern Conference" and the southern schools of the Atlantic Coast Conference. This is not the same hairstyle as flow, which is associated with northern lacrosse players.
The hairstyle is not just popular in the South, and was also very popular in the 60s and early 70s. On television all the sons on "My Three Sons" had one, and on "The Andy Griffith Show", Opie sported one when he got older. Today, celebrities from Michael Phelps to Justin Bieber famously sport the cut.

</doc>
<doc id="20711782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711782" title="Cloonsheerevagh">
Cloonsheerevagh

Cloonsheerevagh (: "speckled fairy meadow") is a townland in County Leitrim.
As this townland is almost parallel with Cloonsheebane, the landscape and name are both similar. It is likely that this meadow may have been speckled with bushes or field enclosures, thus giving the name "riabach".

</doc>
<doc id="20711788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711788" title="Jonny Rowell">
Jonny Rowell

Jonathan Michael "Jonny" Rowell (born 10 September 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Belgian club Waasland-Beveren in the Belgian Pro League as a midfielder.
Career.
Jonny began playing football for Newcastle United in their academy since he was nine up until he his was 16. Whilst in the Under-16s, he played alongside future England international Andy Carroll. After being let go by the Premiership club, the midfielder was signed by League One club Hartlepool United after a successful trial in January 2006.
He signed an early first team contract in January 2008 to keep him with North-East club, due to apparent interest from other clubs. 
Rowell was named in the first team squad in the 2007–08 season against Crewe Alexandra and Bristol Rovers, however in both games he was an unused sub. Later in the season, an injury in a reserve team match ruled him out for the rest of the season. He went on to win the Youth Team's Player of the Year at the end of the season as voted for by the Hartlepool supporters.
Rowell made his first start for Hartlepool United the season after in a Football League Trophy game against fellow League One side Leicester City in September 2008, however Hartlepool went on to lose this match 3–0. He made his first ever League start for an injury struck Hartlepool, just three months later against Hereford United. Hartlepool boss Danny Wilson said that he thought "Rowell's debut was terrific". He was then released by Chris Turner at the end of the 2009–10 season and signed for Belgian Third Division B side Olympic Charleroi on 7 July 2010 where he soon became a fan favourite. Olympic Charleroi finished 8th at the end of the season.
After the 2010–11 season, Rowell signed for Belgian Second Division side Waasland-Beveren on a free transfer after going on trial at Conference National side Gateshead. In his first season with Waasland-Beveren, they won promotion via the play-offs to Belgian Pro League. He made his first appearance in the Belgian Pro League in a 1–0 victory against KV Mechelen.
Personal life.
He is a fan of his local side Premier League side Newcastle United, the side where Rowell spent four years as a junior.

</doc>
<doc id="20711799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711799" title="Occupational acne">
Occupational acne

Occupational acne is caused by several different groups of industrial compounds, including coal tar derivatives, insoluble cutting oils, and chlorinated hydrocarbons (chlornaphthalenes, chlordiphenyls, and chlordiphenyloxides).

</doc>
<doc id="20711812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711812" title="Google Chart API">
Google Chart API

The Google Chart API is an extremely simple tool that lets people easily create a chart from some data and embed it in a web page. Google creates a PNG image of a chart from data and formatting parameters in an HTTP request. Many types of charts are supported, and by making the request into an image tag, people can simply include the chart in a web page.
Originally it was an internal tool to support rapid embedding of charts within Google's own applications (like Google Finance for example). Google figured it would be a useful tool to open up to web developers. It officially launched on December 6, 2007.
Currently, line, bar, pie, and radar charts, as well as Venn diagrams, scatter plots, sparklines, maps, google-o-meters, and QR codes are supported.
Example.
The following URL creates the pie chart below:
http://chart.apis.google.com/chart?chs=200x200&chdlp=b&chtt=Uberman&chdl=Asleep|Awake&chd=t:1,11,1,11,1,11,1,11,1,11,1,11&cht=p&chco=586F8E,7D858F,586F8E,7D858F,586F8E,7D858F,586F8E,7D858F,586F8E,7D858F,586F8E,7D858F
External Libraries.
Instead of creating the URL request manually, there are many open source libraries available for most programming languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="20711833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711833" title="Pomade acne">
Pomade acne

Pomade acne occurs when some of the pomade that is applied to the scalp is also applied to the forehead and is responsible for the development of multiple, closely packed comedones close to the hairline.

</doc>
<doc id="20711839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711839" title="Neverita josephinia">
Neverita josephinia

Neverita josephinia is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, the moon shells. 
This is the type species of the genus "Neverita". 
Distribution.
This is a Mediterranean species. 
Description.
Like other species in this genus, this snail has a corneous operculum.

</doc>
<doc id="20711849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711849" title="Max Schmitt in a Single Scull">
Max Schmitt in a Single Scull

Max Schmitt in a Single Scull (also known as The Champion Single Sculls or The Champion, Single Sculls) is an 1871 painting by Thomas Eakins in the permanent collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Set on the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, it celebrates the victory of Eakins's friend Max Schmitt in the October 5, 1870, single sculls competition.
The Sculler.
Max Schmitt (1843–1900) had gone to high school with Eakins, and the two were close friends. Schmitt was a member of the Pennsylvania Barge Club – as, it is presumed, was Eakins – one of nine men's clubs in the Schuylkill Navy, and twelve that rowed on the river. The Schuylkill Navy was organized in 1858, with approximately 300 members, and began hosting annual regattas in 1859 (with a four-year hiatus for the American Civil War). Initially, the races were for 6-oared and 4-oared gigs and barges, but a new kind of lightweight craft was rapidly gaining popularity: the racing scull.
Sculls, or shells, were narrower, longer, and a lot faster. Gigs had their oarlocks mounted on the sides (like a rowboat), but sculls had them a couple feet outside the boat thanks to riggers, triangular braces that projected out from the sides. This increased the efficiency of every stroke, and led to much longer oars. Meanwhile, boats got longer and hulls got narrower, until they were as narrow as was possible while still retaining sufficient buoyancy and balance.
Schmitt was an early convert to sculls, and owned his own, named "Josie" after his sister. The name of the scull is seen in the painting just below Schmitt's right hand. In September 1866, the Schuylkill Navy's annual regatta first featured a single-sculls race (3 miles, 1 turn), and Schmitt won it. He won again in July 1867, but in September came in second to another Pennsylvania Barge rower in a longer (4 miles, 1 turn) race. He did not participate in 1868, when fellow Pennsylvania Barge rowers won first and second. Schmitt won the single-sculls title again in June 1869, but in September came in second to an Undine Barge Club rower.
The Race.
In 1870 the four top rowers in the Schuylkill Navy all belonged to the Pennsylvania Barge Club: Schmitt; Charles Brossman (who had won the title in 1868, and beaten Schmitt in the 4-mile race in September 1867); Austin Street (who had placed second in 1868); and John Lavens, Jr. They were the four competitors in the October championship race.
The course was 3 miles long: beginning near Turtle Rock (Turtle Rock Light is the lighthouse at the northwest end of Boathouse Row), proceeding upriver under the Girard Avenue and Pennsylvania Railroad Connecting Bridges to a stake near the Columbia Railroad Bridge, making a 180-degree turn around the stake, and then heading downriver back to the starting line.
""Starting well together, Schmitt soon drew ahead followed by Street, Brossman and Lavens. When under the Girard Avenue Bridge, Brossman and Street fouled, the oars of one resting on the boat of the other. Schmitt was now three full lengths ahead. Street and Brossman again fouled in the attempt of the former to turn the eastern stake, thus crossing Brossman's bow. Schmitt had no trouble in maintaining the advantage he had gained, and won easily.""
Schmitt not only re-established himself as the pre-eminent rower on the Schuylkill River, he set a new record, completing the 3-mile, 1-turn course in 20:00 minutes. 
Schmitt did not defend his title the following year, and Lavens won with a time of 19:59 minutes, shaving one second off Schmitt's record. Schmitt raced one-on-one against Lavens for the single-sculls championship in 1872, and won (but did not beat Lavens's record). Schmitt sat out 1873, and Lavens won again. The two raced one-on-one again in 1874, and Schmitt won again. Having regained the championship (but not the record) and never having been defeated by Lavens, Schmitt retired from single-sculls competition. But that same year, he and Lavens joined forces to help win the Four-Oared Shell competition for the Pennsylvania Barge Club. Another Eakins painting (unfinished) may commemorate that June 17, 1874 victory.
The Painting.
Eakins returned to Philadelphia in July 1870, following four years of study at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He was a witness to Schmitt's victory in October. The painting's composition echoes the event by reproducing the weather conditions and position of the sun at the date and time of Schmitt's triumph. Rather than in the midst of the competition, Schmitt is depicted nearly at rest – dragging his oars with the disappearing eddies of his course visible in the water. The location is just downstream of the Columbia Railroad Bridge, the site of the turn in the race. 
Eakins, who was also a keen oarsman, painted himself as the rower in the middle distance. He signed the painting – "Eakins, 1871" – on the stern of his scull. This was the first of his almost thirty rowing works – sketches, oil paintings, watercolors, perspective drawings – created by the end of 1874. 
The painting shows the influences of his tutors in France, Jean-Léon Gérôme and Léon Bonnat, and of Diego Velázquez, the Spanish artist.
The Reception.
The painting was exhibited only once during Eakins's lifetime; at the Union League of Philadelphia for four days in April 1871. The reviews were mixed. From the Philadelphia Bulletin:
""The latter artist" Eakins", who has lately returned from Europe and the influence of Gérôme, has also a picture entitled 'The Champion Single Sculls' (No. 137), which, though peculiar, has more than ordinary interest. The Artist, in dealing so boldly and broadly with the commonplace in nature, is working upon well-supported theories, and despite a somewhat scattered effect, gives promise of a conspicuous future.""
From the Philadelphia Inquirer:
""Thomas Eakins shows two, a portrait and a river scene, entitled 'The Champion Sculls.' While manifesting a marked ability, especially in the painting of the rower in the foreground, the whole effect is scarcely satisfactory. The light on the water, on the rower and on the trees lining the bank indicates that the sun is blazing fiercely, but on looking upward one perceives a curiously dull leaden sky.""
An assessment from 2007:
""This painting, the first of 24 rowing paintings that Eakins completed over the course of four years, was the first time rowing was the focus of serious art. However, the stuffy Philadelphia critics didn’t take well to Eakins’ subject matter, even though rowing was, at the time, one of the most popular sports. A critic remarked that his subject matter was 'a shock to the artistic conventionalities of the city'.""

</doc>
<doc id="20711854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711854" title="State Street (Boston)">
State Street (Boston)

State Street in Boston, Massachusetts, is one of the oldest streets in the city. Located in the financial district, it is the site of some historic landmarks, such as Long Wharf, the Old State House and the Boston Custom House.
History.
In 1630 the first Puritan settlers, led by John Winthrop, built their earliest houses along what is today "State Street." The Puritans also originally built the meeting house for the First Church in Boston on the street across from the marketplace, which was located where the Old State House stands today. By 1636 the thoroughfare was known as "Market Street." From 1708-84 it was renamed "King Street." In 1770 the Boston Massacre took place in front of the Old State House. 
During the Revolutionary War, it assumed its current, non-royalist name. In the 19th century State Street became known as Boston's primary location for banks and other financial institutions.
Transportation.
The Blue Line of the MBTA runs below State Street. Two stations have entrances on State Street: Aquarium, and State. The Faneuil Hall Marketplace can also be found nearby. The east end of State Street is at Long Wharf, where ferries are available to several places, including the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20711855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711855" title="Kathryn Flett">
Kathryn Flett

Kathryn Flett (born April 1964) is a British TV critic, author, and star of the BBC's "Grumpy Old Women" series. She was educated at Notting Hill & Ealing High School, and Hammersmith and West London College. 
Flett began her career as a staff writer for "i-D" Magazine in 1985. This was followed by a period as features editor and fashion editor of "The Face" (1987-1989), three years as a freelancer, and then editor of "Arena" magazine from 1992-1995.
In 1995, at the age of 31, she joined "The Observer" as associate editor of the magazine "Observer Life", later becoming a features writer and TV critic on the newspaper.
In 1997, Flett's husband of just 17 months had just left her, and the couple were going through a messy divorce. Flett found an outlet for her grief by writing about the break-up in gory detail, week-by-week, in her "Observer" newspaper column. She published a book about the relationship, "The Heart-shaped Bullet" (ISBN 0330370383) in 1999. 
Since 2004 Kathryn has starred in the BBC TV’s "Grumpy Old Women" series and in 2008 was a judge on Channel 4’s "Miss Naked Beauty". Her first novel, "Separate Lives", was published July 2012 by Quercus Books.

</doc>
<doc id="20711859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711859" title="Acne with facial edema">
Acne with facial edema

Acne with facial edema (also known as "Solid facial edema") occurs uncommonly, and is associated with a peculiar inflammatory edema of the mid-third of the face.

</doc>
<doc id="20711860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711860" title="HMS Cornwallis (1801)">
HMS Cornwallis (1801)

HMS "Cornwallis was a Royal Navy 54-gun fourth rate. Jemsatjee Bomanjee built the Marquis Cornwallis" of teak for the East India Company. In March 1805 Admiral Sir Edward Pellew purchased her from the Company shortly after she returned from an expedition against the Mahe Islands. In February 1811 the Admiralty renamed her HMS "Akbar".
Service with the HEIC.
In December 1801, she sailed, together with the "Upton Castle" (an Indiaman), the "Betsey", an armed HEIC brig, some other vessels, and 1000 troops to Daman and Diu to persuade the Portuguese governor to resist any French incursion. The expedition was under the command of Captain John Mackellar, of the Royal Navy, whose own vessel, , was not ready for sea. The governor accepted the British reinforcements, which, as it turned out, were not needed.
On 8 May 1804, "Marquis Cornwallis" sailed from Portsmouth under the command of Captain Isaac G. Richardson. She sailed via Saint Helena to Bombay, where the company intended for her to remain. She was convoying the "Marquis of Ely", the "Marchioness of Exeter", the "Lord Nelson", the "Bruswick", the "Princess Charlotte", the Marquis of Wellesley", and the "Ann".
East Indies, Pacific and Indian Oceans.
In 1805 Admiral Pellew purchased her for £68,630. She was commissioned under Commander Charles James Johnson. She then served off Bombay and engaged in the long-distance blockade of Isle de France (now Mauritius). 
On 11 November 1806, and "Cornwallis" sailed into Saint Paul's Bay, on Île Bonaparte, in an attempt to cut out vessels there, which consisted of the French frigate "Sémillante", three other armed ships and twelve captured British ships. (The eight ships that were prizes to "Sémillante" had a collective value of ₤1.5 million.) They fired on the French and took fire in return. However, when the slight breeze failed, "Sceptre" and "Cornwallis" found themselves unable to maneuver. They therefore left without having accomplished anything, but apparently also without having suffered damage or losses.
In February 1807, "Cornwallis" was ordered to Australia. She reached Port Jackson by sailing through the Bass Strait, which made her the first Royal Navy ship to traverse the strait. After visiting Port Jackson, "Cornwallis" sailed to New Zealand and subsequently crossed the Pacific Ocean to the Juan Fernández Islands in the vain hope of finding enemy shipping. 
Off Valparaiso, an accidental explosion caused serious damage and a number of casualties aboard the frigate, but she was still able to raid Spanish settlements in the region, capturing a number of sheep and pigs and a few small vessels on the Peruvian coast. In September, "Cornwallis" raided Spanish settlements and shipping near Panama and subsequently visited Acapulco and Hawaii before returning to Madras. During this voyage, on 14 December Captain Johnston sighted and named the islands at Johnston Atoll. It is unclear if any territorial claim was made to the discovery at the time.
In 1808, command passed to Captain Fleetwood Pellew. In 1808, "Cornwallis", in company with "Sceptre", engaged and damaged "Sémillante", together with the shore batteries whose protection she had sought. 
In 1809 Captain William Augustus Montagu took command. Montagu was engaged in a number of operations off the Dutch East Indies, attacking forts on Celebes and Amboyna. 
In February 1810, the British attacked Amboyna. In the campaign, "Cornwallis" captured the ship "Mandarine", of 16 guns and 66 men, Captain Besman, on 3 February after a chase of four hours. "Madarine" had been out for four weeks but had captured nothing. "Cornwallis" suffered only one man wounded in the action. "Mandarine" then served as a tender to "Cornwallis". 
On the 1st of March "Cornwallis" chased a Dutch man-of-war brig all day until she took refuge in a small bay on the north side of the island of Amblaw. The wind being light and variable, and night approaching, Montagu sent in "Cornwallis"s boats, under the command of Lieutenant Henry John Peachy. After rowing all night, they captured the Dutch brig "Margaritta Louisa", under Captain De Ruyter on 2 March. "Margaritta Louisa" was pierced for 14 guns but carried only eight, and a crew of 40 men. "Margaritta Louisa" had left Surabaya nine days earlier with 20 to 30,000 dollars for Ambonya, and supplies for Ternate. In the boarding, the British had one man seriously wounded and for men lightly wounded; the Dutch lost one man killed and 20 wounded.
As the wind was light and variable, and night approaching, Captain Montagu sent the yawl, cutter, and jollyboat, under the command of Lieutenant Henry John Peachey, assisted by Mr. John Garland the master, and master's mate William Sanderson, to endeavour to bring the vessel out.
After a fatiguing pull during the whole night, the boats found themselves, at daylight, close to the vessel : which was the Dutch national brig Margaretta, mounting eight, but pierced for 14 guns, with a crew of 40 men. In the face of a heavy fire of grape and musketry, and of a brave defence by pikes and swords, Lieutenant Peachey and his party boarded and carried the brig, and that with so comparatively slight a loss as one man dangerously, and four slightly wounded. The Dutch had one officer killed and 20 seamen wounded.
On 28 March "Cornwallis" and "Dover" shared in 's capture of the Dutch brig "Recruiter".
In late 1810, "Cornwallis" was deployed with Albemarle Bertie's squadron that forced the surrender of Isle de France. William Fisher took command after "Cornwallis"' Captain Montagu was selected from among the captains assembled for the invasion and reassigned to lead a naval brigade in support of the British Army forces' ground offensive. Over the next four years "Cornwallis" remained in the Indian Ocean under various commanders. 
On 29 June 1811 captured the slaver "Expedition" off Mauritius. The prize crew took the ship and the slaves on her to the Portuguese colony of Goa because selling slaves was illegal in British India, but not Goa. "Salsette" shared the prize money with the crews of and "Cornwallis".
Between 4 August and 19 September 1811, "Akbar" participated in the capture of Java. In 1847 the Admiralty awarded the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Java" to all surviving claimants from the campaign.
In the spring of 1813, Captain Archibald Dickson was appointed to command "Akbar". On 15 May 1814, "Akbar" captured the "Indian Lass". 
In 1814 "Cornwallis" traveled to Britain for the first time. 
The court martial of captain, officers and men of for the loss of their vessel took place on board "Akbar" at Halifax on 28 June 1815. Then on 11 August "Akbar" and captured the "Hannah".
Fate.
"Akbar" was laid up at Plymouth and was on harbour service from 1824 but was out of commission by January 1840. She was sold in 1862 or 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="20711879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711879" title="Golden Globe Award for Best Actor">
Golden Globe Award for Best Actor

Golden Globe Award for Best Actor can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20711893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711893" title="1965–66 New York Rangers season">
1965–66 New York Rangers season

The 1965–66 New York Rangers season was the 40th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Rangers posted an 18–41–11 record in the regular season, finished in last place in the NHL and did not make the playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers finished in last place in the NHL and failed to qualify for the 1966 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1965 NHL Amateur Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20711918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711918" title="Effrinagh">
Effrinagh

Effrinagh (in Irish Ifreannach) is a townland in County Leitrim. Effrinagh is a place about five miles east of Carrick on Shannon. It remains a quiet place in spite of its proximity to the bustle and hustle of Carrick. It is dotted with lakes and traversed by boreens (from the Irish "bóithrín", meaning a small road) the Council does not frequently maintain. James Gralton came from Effrinagh, where he built his Pearse-Connolly Hall before he was deported to New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20711935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711935" title="All American Bluegrass Girl">
All American Bluegrass Girl

All American Bluegrass Girl is the 11th album released from bluegrass musician Rhonda Vincent. The album was released on May 23, 2006, via Rounder Records. The album features 12 songs. Three of which Vincent wrote or co-wrote. Also included on the album are two duets. Dolly Parton sings on "Heartbreaker's Alibi", which was released as a single, and a duet with Bobby Osborne on "Midnight Angel".
The single, "Heartbreaker's Albi" and the title track were both released as singles to radio. Although neither one charted, the album reached #1 on the Top Bluegrass Albums, #43 on the Top Country Albums, and #14 on the Top Heatseekers.

</doc>
<doc id="20711965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711965" title="Gerard Bouwhuis">
Gerard Bouwhuis

Gerard Bouwhuis is a Dutch pianist, b. 1954, best known for his work on contemporary music. A graduate from the Royal Conservatory of The Hague under Geoffrey Douglas Madge, he is a member of the Xenakis Ensemble. Composers such as Louis Andriessen, Cornelis de Bondt and Martijn Padding have written works for him.

</doc>
<doc id="20711974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711974" title="Khatra subdivision">
Khatra subdivision

Khatra subdivision is a subdivision of the Bankura district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of eight community development blocs: Indpur, Khatra, Hirbandh, Raipur, Sarenga, Ranibandh, Simlapal and Taldangra. The eight blocks contain 59 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Khatra.
Area.
The subdivision contains rural areas of 59 gram panchayats under eight community development blocs: Indpur, Khatra, Hirbandh, Raipur, Sarenga, Ranibandh, Simlapal and Taldangra.
Blocks.
Indpur block.
Indpur block consists of rural areas with seven gram panchayats, viz. Brahmandiha, Gaurbazar, Indpur, Veduasol, Brojarajpur, Hatgram and Raghunathpur. Indpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Indpur.
Khatra block.
Khatra block consists of rural areas with seven gram panchayats, viz. Baidyanathpur, Dhanarah, Khatra Gram–I, Supur, Dahala, Gorabari and Khatra Gram–II. Khatra police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Khatra.
Hirbandh block.
Hirbandh block consists of rural areas with five gram panchayats, viz. Baharamuri, Hirbandh, Moshiara, Gopalpur and Maliyan. Hirbandh police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Hirbandh.
Raipur block.
Raipur block consists of rural areas with ten gram panchayats, viz. Dhanarah, Fulkusma, Motgoda, Sonagara, Dheko, Melera, Raipur, Dundar, Mondalkuli and Shyamsundarpur. Raipur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gar Raipur.
Sarenga block.
Sarenga block consists of rural areas with six gram panchayats, viz. Bikrampur, Gargarla, Neturpur, Chiltor, Goalbari and Sarenga. Sarenga police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sarenga.
Ranibandh block.
Ranibandh block consists of rural areas with eight gram panchayats, viz. Ambikanagar, Haludkanali, Rajakata, Rautora, Barikul, Puddi, Ranibandh and Rudra. Ranibandh police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ranibandh.
Simlapal block.
Simlapal block consists of rural areas with seven gram panchayats, viz. Bikrampur, Lakshmisagar, Mondalgram, Simlapal, Dubrajpur, Machatora and Parswala. Simlapal police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Simlapal.
Taldangra block.
Taldangra block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Amdangra, Harmasra, Saltora,  Bibarda, Khalgram, Satmauli,  Fulmati, Panchmura and Taldangra. Taldangra police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Taldangra.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20711975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711975" title="Madhavpur Ghed">
Madhavpur Ghed

Madhavpur (Ghed) is a small but culturally significant village in state of Gujarat, India. It lies on the seashore, close to Porbandar.
According to folklore, Krishna married Rukmini at Madhavpur after first kidnapping her. This event is memorialised with a temple dedicated to lord Madhavrai and by an annual fair held in the village.
Madhavpur also has one of the meditation centers of Osho.
Madhavrai Temple.
Madhavpur is the site of a 15th-century temple of "Madhavraiji" who is a form of Lord Krishna. The original temple has been badly damaged by attacks by Muslim invaders, however a ruined structure is still present and gives idea of original undamaged temple. A newly constructed temple is used for worship now adjacent to the old one.
Annual Fair.
Every year, for five days from day of Ram Navmi, a cultural fair is organized mainly on the background of religious belief of Krishna getting married to Rukmani.
A colorful chariot is decorated and idol of Krishna is placed in the chariot and a procession proceeds through the village as a part of celebrating the event of Krishna's marriage.
Village people throws colors at each other as part of celebration and also involves joyful dancing.
Vallabhacharya Bethak.
Madhavpur is also culturally significant due to one of the seats of Shri Vallabhacharya who is founder of one of six major schools of hinduism
The seat, called as "Bethak" or more respectably "Bethakji" is 66th of the 84 Seats of vallabhacharya
Osho Ashram (Swami Bramha Vedantji).
Disciples of Shree Brahmvedantjii enjoy the shade of his presence, with his wisdom which helps to evolve one's level of awareness. Swami Brahma Vedant is an Enlightened Sannyasin of Osho who is helping seekers on the path of truth.
There is no mandatory fee for staying in the ashram. Its mostly run on donation system. One can donate money as per his convenience and its alright if some one does not have money.
One is free to do any work in the ashram and mostly people wake up early to do their work. Swami Brahma Vedant himself wakes up at 6 am and start his daily work. There is a Buddha hall, Ma Ramila Ma Annapurna Annxetra, Gokul, Govardhan and lot of construction is going on. Although the Ashram is in a remote part of Gujarat but it is one of the most beautiful and big Osho ashrams in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20711987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711987" title="Molucca Sea Plate">
Molucca Sea Plate

Earlier theory.
The Molucca Sea Plate (also "Molucca Sea Microplate") was theorised to be a small tectonic plate carrying northern Sulawesi, the Molucca Sea and a portion of the Banda Sea in a region littered with numerous small plates. The theory suggested a subduction zone lies along its northern border with the Sunda Plate. A small divergent boundary exists along the Sulawesi part of the border with the Banda Sea Plate and transitions into a convergent boundary as it bisects the Banda Sea; the rest of the borders being transform boundaries.
Current theory.
More recent scientific studies suggest the Molucca Sea Plate has been totally subsumed by the Halmahera Plate and the Sangihe Plate, so that no portion of the Molucca Sea Plate remains exposed to the Earth's surface. The tectonic setting of this region is unique in that it is the only global example of an active arc-arc collision consuming an oceanic basin via subduction in two directions, between microplates Halmahera Plate and Sangihe Plate. 
To the Southeast is the Sorong Fault, a major lateral east-west fault in the region which separates Bird's Head Plate and Halmahera Plate. This theory is more fully discussed in the article Molucca Sea Collision Zone.
Large earthquakes frequently strike this area sometimes triggering tsunamis.

</doc>
<doc id="20711988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711988" title="List of railway stations in Saxony-Anhalt">
List of railway stations in Saxony-Anhalt

This list covers all passenger railway stations and halts in Saxony-Anhalt that are used by scheduled services.
Description.
The list is organised as follows:
This specifies the name of the Transport Association ("Verkehrsverbund"). The "Verkehrs- und Tarifgemeinschaft Ostharz" ("Transport and Fare Community of the East Harz") is active in the Harz, but only for bus and tram operations.
The category shows the status at 1 January 2012 and only applies to stations operated by DB Station&Service AG.
The next five columns show which types of train stop at the station. The abbreviations are those used by the DB AG but apply to similar train types of other operators:
This column gives the railway line on which the station is situated.
In this column additional information is supplied, particularly with regard to the operators and seasonal services.

</doc>
<doc id="20711999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20711999" title="Holeproof Hosiery">
Holeproof Hosiery

Holeproof Hosiery was a Milwaukee, Wisconsin textile firm that was founded in 1901. The business was built primarily through earnings which were left to
aggregate in the company. Its advertising expenses exceeded $500,000 after 1901, making it a brand name recognized worldwide. The business produced men's and women's hosiery, underwear, lingerie, and men's pajamas. From 1916 "-" 1925 Holeproof Hosiery sales increased from $2,037,000 to $9,220,000. Net sales totaled $24,435,342 in 1954.
Company chronology.
The first president of the company was Edward Freshl. 
In October 1928 the corporation was sued by Gotham Hosiery, which charged Holeproof with a patent infringement. At the time Gotham Hosiery controlled the "Pointex" patents for manufacture of pointed heel hosiery by virtue of the company's purchase of Onyx Hosiery, some years earlier.
Holeproof Hosiery began making nylon hosiery in January 1940, starting production on 8 of its 230 machines. The hose were made of a synthetic yarn composed of derivatives of coal and iron manufactured by Du Pont. As a competitive move Holeproof Hosiery reduced prices on its nylons by up to 15% in December 1956.
Holeproof Hosiery was made a division of Julius Kayser & Company after it was acquired for $13 million in August 1955. Kayser manufactured ladies gloves, lingerie, and hosiery. Holeproof's fixed assets were absorbed by Kayser during a five-year period concluding on June 30, 1960.
Australia.
In the late 1920s, a successful hosiery manufacturer, Staley & Staley Ltd, started making ladies hosiery under licence from the Holeproof Hosiery Company in Milwaukee, USA. The company went public in 1929 and opened the first Holeproof mill at Brunswick, Victoria in 1930, becoming the first manufacturer to produce and market Australian-made self-supporting socks. During the 1930s, Holeproof revolutionised the Australian market by promoting their products as a sought-after fashion accessory. The Australian company is still in business today, owned by Pacific Brands.

</doc>
<doc id="20712011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712011" title="NPPL Championship Paintball 2009">
NPPL Championship Paintball 2009

NPPL: Championship Paintball 2009 (NPPL 09) is a first person paintball video game released for Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and the Nintendo Wii. The game features multiple game modes, officially licensed gear, 

</doc>
<doc id="20712013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712013" title="Alizée discography">
Alizée discography

The Alizée discography is the discography of the French recording artist Alizée consisting of five studio albums, seventeen singles and five promotional singles; all the released singles have a music video associated with them.
Alizée's range of musical genres includes pop, mainstream, world, rock, house, electronica among others. She became well known through her participation in the "Granies de Star" show. Her increased popularity led to a contract with Mylène Farmer and Laurent Boutonnat, her ex-mentors signing a contract with Polydor Records a division of Universal Records. Her debut single, "Moi... Lolita", was released in 2000 and topped the French Single Charts and was successful in many countries including the UK, Germany, Japan, Italy, Spain and others, selling in 2002 two million plus of records worldwide. Jacotey's first studio album, Gourmandises (2000), was released shortly after. The album was highly successful, earning a two times platinum certification in France and platinum in Europe selling to 2002 plus of one million records worldwide. The album was nominated for the Album of the Year honour at the Victoires de la Musique. The follow-up singles—"L'Alizé", "Parler tout bas" and "Gourmandises"— repeated her success; "L'Alizé" peaked at number one on the SNEP being certificated platinum in France.
In 2003, Alizée's second major release, Mes courants electriques, saw a genre shift for her, having more of an electropop and rock feel, rather than the soft synthpop and chanson influences of the first one, including English versions of four songs. The album debuted at number two in the French Albums Chart, and was heavily promoted in the Asian market, certificating gold twice in France and silver in South Korea, becoming very successful in Japan, South Korea, China and other charts. The first single from it, "J'en ai marre!", also debuted at number four rising to the next spot on the French Singles Chart, where it remained for nine consecutive weeks. Other singles include "J'ai pas vingt ans", another top twenty single in France both also released in English versions to appeal to the English-speaking market, "A contre-courant", which became her third single of the album, peaked at 22 in the French Singles Charts and also charted in Belgium and Switzerland.
In 2004 promoting her first tour, a video of the song ""Amélie m'a di"t" was released, for the promotion of Alizée's live album "Alizée En Concert", even though it was not released as a single; for its promotion, a video of the song featuring a collection of clips from Alizée's performances during her tour were used.
After a three-year hiatus, a time spent out of the media limelight, Alizée returned in 2007 with a new album, Psychédélices, the first one to be made without the creative supervision of her former mentors, the first single extracted from the album was "Mademoiselle Juliette", officially released on September 2007, the single reached the number four in Belgium (Wallonia) charts, twenty two in French Singles Chart, it also peaked in Russian singles charts, "Fifty-Sixty" was released as the album's second and last international single in February peaking the number tweny three in Flanders Belgium, the cover version of La Isla Bonita was released just for France being very sucssesful in the country reaching number eight, finally the album was released on December of the same year, the album was not considered a total commercial success in France compared with she's last albums, where it reached 2nd place on the download charts and 16th place on the physical album sale charts. The album was more successful in Mexico peaking the number 15 in the albums chart and the number one in the international albums chart, also certified gold in Russia, Mexico and her native France selling plus of 200,000 copies worldwide.
In 2010 was released Une enfant du siècle, an album praised by critics, but commercially failure reaching the 24 spot in the French Albums Chart.
Released in March 2013, Alizée's fifth studio album, 5 received the alccaim from the critics, still with a continious promotion including their two first extracts À cause de l'automne and Je veux bien.

</doc>
<doc id="20712029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712029" title="1964–65 New York Rangers season">
1964–65 New York Rangers season

The 1964–65 New York Rangers season was the 39th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). In the regular season, the Rangers posted a 20–38–12 record, and missed the NHL playoffs with a fifth-place finish.
Regular season.
On January 27, 1965, Ulf Sterner, the first European trained player, made his debut in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers in a game versus the Boston Bruins.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1964 NHL Amateur Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20712038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712038" title="Persistent edema of rosacea">
Persistent edema of rosacea

Persistent edema of rosacea (also known as "Chronic upper facial erythematous edema," "Morbihan's disease," or "Rosaceous lymphedema") is a hard, nonpitting edema found on the areas involved, those mainly being the forehard, glabella, upper eyelids, nose, and/or cheeks.
Signs and symptoms.
Persistent edema of rosacea is an uncommon cutaneous condition characterized by a hard, nonpitting edema restricted to the forehead, glabella, upper eyelids, nose, and cheeks. This condition is also known as chronic upper facial erythematous edema, Morbihan's disease, morbus Morbihan, and rosaceous lymphedema. Despite the name, it is unclear whether this condition is a distinct disease or a rare complication of rosacea. Generally, there are few symptomatic complaints aside from redness and facial contour changes. The edema typically worsens slowly over months to years and is often on a background of chronic inflammation.
Diagnosis.
There are no specific laboratory findings associated with this condition, and the histology tends to be similar to that seen in rosacea. The differential diagnosis includes acne vulgaris, streptococcal cellulitis, and Melkersson–Rosenthal syndrome, as these conditions can also rarely manifest with a similar edema, as well as other forms of rosacea, lupus erythematosus, and sarcoidosis.
Treatment.
Most cases of this condition tend to be recalcitrant to treatment, with topical and oral antibiotic regiments commonly used for rosacea generally being ineffective. For the severe forms of this disease, oral isotretinoin therapy has been used, and the condition responds well to doses of 0.5 to 1 mg/kg/day. However, unlike in the treatment of acne vulgaris, lasting responses to isotretinoin generally do not occur, and long-term maintenance therapy with oral tetracyclines is usually necessary. Eyelid reduction surgery has also been reported to help with the cosmetic appearance of the condition, but does not alter the disease progression.

</doc>
<doc id="20712040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712040" title="1984–85 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1984–85 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1984–85 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 58th season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing twenty-first, suffering relegation to Division Three.
The season also saw the retirement of Phil Dwyer, whose 13 year spell at the club saw him become the record appearance holder.

</doc>
<doc id="20712055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712055" title="Frundsberg">
Frundsberg

Frundsberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712056" title="2000 Hamburg Masters – Singles">
2000 Hamburg Masters – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20712079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712079" title="Kenora Thistles (1926–40)">
Kenora Thistles (1926–40)

The Kenora Thistles were a Manitoba Junior Hockey League team playing in the Canadian town of Kenora, Ontario.
History.
The Kenora Thistles junior hockey club was founded in 1925 in a local Northern league with Keewatin and Norman. The Thistles participated in the Thunder Bay regional playoffs as an independent team. In 1927, they moved to the Memorial Cup-eligible Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League.
The 1926 regional playoffs put them up against Fort Frances in the semi-final. Kenora won the games 5-1 and 6-1 to earn a berth into the region finals. In the final, the Thistles lost to the Fort William Juniors 4-2 and 4-0 to end their season. In 1927, the Thistles squared off with the Port Arthur West End Juniors in a two game series for the region. Port Arthur won 6-5 and 5-1 to take the series.
The Thistles first season of league play had them win the regular season crown of the TBJHL. In the playoffs, with a direct berth to the league final, the Thistles played the Fort William Juniors. They lost the first game 4-3, but won the second game 5-3 to take the series. In the Memorial Cup Eastern semi-final, the Thistles had to play the Manitoba Junior Hockey League's Elmwood Millionaires. Kenora won both games 3-2 to play in the Eastern final. Up against the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League's Regina Pats, the Thistles fell 8-0 in game one but only managed to win game two by a score of 4-3, thus eliminating them from a chance at the Memorial Cup.
In their second TBJHL season, the Thistles came in first again. They ended up against the Fort William Juniors in the finals, beating them 1-0 and tying them 2-2 to win the regional playoffs. In the Eastern Memorial Cup semi-final, the Thistles again met up with the MJHL's Elmwood Millionaires. They won game one 4-3, but fell 3-1 in game two and were eliminated.
Their third and final TBJHL season had them finish in second place behind the Fort William Legion. In the semi-final, the Thistles were up against the Port Arthur Juniors. They won game one 3-2, but objected to the second game's refereeing and were ejected from the playoffs by the league. This would be their last game in the TBJHL.
In 1930, the Thistles were accepted into the South Division of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League which would cut back on their travel as all the teams in the South Division were from Winnipeg, Manitoba. After winning the division in just their third season, the Thistles were forcefully moved to the more distant North Division. Despite the travel, the Thistles took their first league title in 1934. The Thistles would end up losing the Abbott Cup semi-final to the Port Arthur West Ends 9-goals-to-8 in two games.
From 1936 until 1939 the Thistles suffered, three consecutive losing seasons left them financially in trouble.
The 1939-40 season was a great season for the Thistles. They won the league by defeating the Elmwood Maple Leafs 3-games-to-none in the league final, then won the Abbott Cup as Western Canadian champions. In the Abbott Cup semi-final, the Thistles defeated the Port Arthur Juniors 2-games-to-1. In the final, they defeated the Edmonton Athletic Club Roamers with 2 wins, 1 loss, and 2 ties. In the their first and only Memorial Cup appearance, the Thistles and Oshawa Generals marked the second time two teams from Ontario would square off for the Memorial Cup. The Generals won game one 1-0, and game two 4-1. The Thistles rebounded and won game three 4-3, but lost game four 4-2 and the series 3-games-to-1 to the Generals.
In the summer of 1940, it became apparent that they would not have the numbers or the money to continue competing during World War II and folded.
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="20712080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712080" title="Shweta Bhardwaj">
Shweta Bhardwaj

Shweta Bhardwaj is an Indian actress and model who has acted in Hindi and South Indian films. She made her debut in the 2008 action flick "Mission Istanbul", starring Vivek Oberoi & Zayed Khan. She has been a Gladrags Model.
Background.
Born and brought up in Delhi, Shweta hails from a humble family. Shweta studied at Gargi College, and has an Honors degree in History. She made her debut as Lisa Lobo in 2008's Apoorva Lakhia film "Mission Istaanbul".

</doc>
<doc id="20712089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712089" title="History of Anglo-Hindu law">
History of Anglo-Hindu law

Anglo-Hindu law reflected the difference in values between "law" in Western tradition and colonial Hindu tradition. It was not until the 1770s, when the British Empire came to colonize India, that the concept of law came into practice. 
Colonial Hindu law marks a long span of nearly 200 years, beginning in 1772 and ending in 1947. This period may be split into two main phases. The first phase (beginning in 1772 and ending in 1864) is marked by three main events: translation of the "Dharmaśāstras" by British scholar-administrators, the use of court pandits to define laws and rules, and the rise of case law. The second phase (from 1864 to 1947) is marked by the dismissal of court pandits, the rise of legislative processes, and a codified law system.
Pre-British India.
The British had been observing the country for nearly twenty years before their first implemented legal plan for renovating India’s method of governing. As Europeans began gaining power and increasing the number of territories they controlled, they gradually became acquainted with the way the different territorial systems operated. Beginning with the coastal territories and moving inland, the British accumulated more Indian states. However, they could not oppose the customs and traditions that were already in place without offending the native peoples. Because they only held a minimal amount of power to implement change and enact laws, they had to respect the wishes the natives or reach a compromise. The British had to administer law coinciding with the rule of each zamindar (hereditary leader); this meant that only customary law could be implemented at that time. 
There was tension between the two religious groups (Muslim and Hindu), since the sources of their rules differed greatly. The Muslims' governing body (and laws) derived from the Qur'an and books written by doctors who had studied Sharia. For the Hindu population, however, the guidelines on how to live life came from the "Dharmaśāstras" (Sanskrit texts describing duties). Although laws in place were text-based, there was still a great deal of variation between different regions. Customary law was the main type of government in the territories and differed greatly in defining crime, punishment, guilt, how courts were organized and so on. 
The British saw this system as unfair, due to the ambiguity of laws in different regions and lack of a common law. They believed this system to be dysfunctional and an invitation for corruption, due to the ability of judges to decide a case as they saw fit with no precedent. For example, two cases could have virtually-identical facts but the outcome and punishment of the two might be very different. This was not a problem in the Indian tradition, but the British proposed a plan for unifying laws.
First British law.
India underwent a seismic shift in the way in which she was governed on August 21, 1772 when, in Bengal’s capital city Calcutta, a new plan of governance was implemented by Warren Hastings. This marked the first step towards uniting Muslim and Hindu legal traditions. The “Plan for the Administration and Justice in Bengal” (more commonly known as the "Judicial Plan") laid the foundation for replacing ambiguous laws that were not formally written down into a British system, with different branches of government. Warren Hastings’ Judicial Plan included a provision which left certain religious matters to traditional law. This stipulated that inheritance, marriage, caste, and other religious use or institutions should be in accordance with the "Dharmaśāstras" and not subject to British law.

</doc>
<doc id="20712104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712104" title="SMS Frundsberg">
SMS Frundsberg

SMS "Frundsberg" was an Austro-Hungarian corvette built by Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino. 
History.
She was laid down on June 19, 1871 and launched on February 11, 1873. It was officially commissioned October 1, 1873 and its last time out was on January 1, 1905. The ship had one smokestack and three square-rigged masts.

</doc>
<doc id="20712111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712111" title="1962–63 New York Rangers season">
1962–63 New York Rangers season

The 1962–63 New York Rangers season was the 37th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). New York finished in fifth place in the NHL with 56 points and did not qualify for the playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the 1963 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20712112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712112" title="Hans Bethge">
Hans Bethge

Hans Bethge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712114" title="6th Ohio Cavalry">
6th Ohio Cavalry

The 6th Regiment Cavalry, Ohio Volunteers, known in the vernacular as the 6th Ohio Cavalry, was a cavalry regiment of the Union Army], which was raised in ten counties in northeastern and north-central Ohio for service during the American Civil War. It served primarily in the Eastern Theater in several major campaigns of the Army of the Potomac and was particularly active during the Gettysburg Campaign of 1863.
Organization and early service.
The 6th Cavalry Regiment was commissioned for a three year term. It was organized at Camp Hutchinson in Warren, Ohio, on October 7, 1861, and first served under Colonel William R. Lloyd.
The regiment was on duty in Warren until January 1862, and was then garrisoned at Camp Chase and Camp Dennison until May 1862. The troopers were given their horses while stationed at Camp Dennison, after which the officers led the men in mounted cavalry drills. Following completion of training, the regiment moved to Wheeling, West Virginia on May 13 and then to Strasburg, Virginia to join Major General John C. Fremont's army in the Shenandoah Valley. The regiment was attached to the Mountain Department until June 1862 and participated in several engagements with the Confederates, first seeing combat at the Battle of Woodstock on June 2. Other battles during this period included Cross Keys and Cedar Mountain.
In late June, the regiment moved to the Virginia Peninsula and became part of the 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, 1st Corps, Pope's Army of Virginia until July 1862. The regiment saw considerable action during the Northern Virginia Campaign in the late summer, and was engaged in skirmishing during the Second Bull Run operations. As part of the Army of the Potomac, the 6th Ohio Cavalry participated in the Fredericksburg operations in November-December 1862. It subsequently went into winter quarters, guarding the Rappahannock River.
1863 and 1864.
In 1863, the regiment participated in the Battle of Kelly's Ford. Later that year, it was heavily involved in the Gettysburg Campaign, fighting at the Battle of Brandy Station and in several smaller engagements during the Union operations in the Loudoun Valley of Virginia, including the battles of Aldie, Middleburg, and Upperville. They traveled into Pennsylvania with the division as part of the brigade of Col. Pennock Huey, but before the Battle of Gettysburg withdrew to Westminster, Maryland, to guard the army's supply trains. The regiment was active during the retreat of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia in July. Later in the year, the 6th participated in both the Mine Run and Bristoe campaigns.
After spending the winter fighting Mosby's guerillas, in the spring of 1864 the regiment joined Ulysses S. Grant's movement on Richmond, participating in several battles while serving in the Cavalry Corps, under Gen. Philip H. Sheridan. It was involved in the Union cavalry operations during the Overland Campaign and the Siege of Petersburg, as well as taking part in the Battle of Trevillian Station.
1865 and the end of the war.
In 1865, the regiment was in the Battle of Five Forks, and during the Appomattox Campaign, in the Battle of Sayler's Creek.
The 6th Ohio Cavalry marched in the Grand Review of the Armies in May, 1865, and then exited service at Petersburg, Virginia, on August 7, 1865.
During its term of service, the 6th Ohio Cavalry lost 5 officers and 52 enlisted men killed and mortally wounded, and 4 officers and 177 enlisted men by disease, for a total of 238 fatalities. More than 1700 men served in the ranks at various times, however, the field strength of the regiment rarely exceeded 500 men at any given time.
A stone monument to the regiment stands along Taneytown Road on the Gettysburg Battlefield, which features a relief of a saber-wielding cavalryman mounted on his horse at full gallop.

</doc>
<doc id="20712154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712154" title="Wiesbaden-Dotzheim">
Wiesbaden-Dotzheim

Dotzheim is a western borough of Wiesbaden, capital of the state of Hesse, Germany. It is the second largest borough of the city by area and, with over 26,000 inhabitants the second-most populated of Wiesbaden's suburban boroughs. It was the largest village in the former Duchy of Nassau. The formerly independent village was incorporated into Wiesbaden in 1928.
Geography.
Location.
Dotzheim is located in the northwest of Wiesbaden. To the north and northwest are the wooded slopes of the "Hochtaunus", or High Taunus Mountains. The primary peaks along its northern boundary are "Hohe Wurzel" (618 m) and "Schläferskopf" (454 m). The "Weilburger Tal" (Wielburg Valley), a valley complex formed by the "Wielburger Bach" stream and its tributaries, leads south from the mountains. After passing through the old village center, the stream enters the more extensive "Belzbachtal". The ridges that border the "Belzbach" valley are the "Schiersteiner Hang" (Schierstein Slope) on the west and the "Wiesbadener Kessel" on the east. As the "Belzbach" enters the borough of Biebrich, it becomes the "Mosbach", which flows into the Rhine at Biebrich Castle.
Neighboring communities.
Dotzheim is bordered on the northwest by the municipality of Taunusstein and on the other sides by other boroughs of Wiesbaden. These are Klarenthal and Rheingauviertel to the northeast, Biebrich to the southeast, Schierstein to the south, and Frauenstein to the southwest.
History.
Early history.
The oldest evidence of settlement in the Belzbachtal comes from five closely spaced Celtic stone box graves (or cists) discovered in the area of Hohlstraße 3. The graves, made of uncut slabs of quartzite, are from the La Tène culture of the Late Iron Age - about 400 BC. There is also evidence of settlement from the Roman era. In 222, the first year of the reign of Emperor Severus Alexander, "Fortunatus" and "Sejus" dedicated an altar, a fragment of which was discovered.
After the collapse of Roman rule in the area and Frankish king Clovis I Merovingian’s later defeat of the Alamanni, Frankish settlement of the area began, especially under King Dagobert I (623 to 638). At that time, it is conjectured, a nobleman named Tuzzo or Tuozo settled in the Belzbachtal and gave his name to the place - Tuozesheim became Tozesheim and eventually Dotzheim.
The first written document which mentions Dotzheim dates to only 1128. At this time the Archbishop of Mainz, Adalbert I von Saarbrücken, gave the Mainz Cathedral the income from the possessions of the local landowners. In another document, dated 21 November 1184, Pope Lucius III (1181 to 1185) in Verona confirmed the Mainz Benedictine monastery of St. Alban’s possession of 25 churches, including that of Dotzheim. The monastery of Vögte was established in Dotzheim, to which such well-known families such as the Treasurer of Worms, the Brömser of Rüdesheim, and the Knight of Sickingen belonged. Besides the clergy of Mainz (the Mainz Cathedral, St. Alban’s, St. Clare’s, and the Karthäuser Monasteries, and St. John's Convent), the monasteries of Eberbach and Klarenthal also received income from Dotzheim. In a deed from Eberbach dated 24 June 1275 is the first mention of wine in Dotzheim - Knight Philipp von Frauenstein donated some property in Dotzheim, consisting of a mill and twelve vineyards, to the monastery.
The beginnings of the rule of the House of Nassau in and around Dotzheim are unknown. A document from 1310 testifies that Dotzheim owed Nassau taxes and services. The Lords of Eppstein had held the jurisdiction in the 13th century, but at some point control passed to the House of Nassau.
The 13th and 14th-centuries mark the first mention of aristocratic families named "von Dotzheim.” The Knight Siegfried von Dotzheim (died 1316) donated to the Eberbach Abbey the first of its nine Gothic side chapels. Siegfried was buried there and his gravestone with his coat of arms (with three crowing jackdaws in the upper section) can still be seen. The nobles Sibodo (died 1331) and Catherine von Dotzheim are buried in the Klarenthal Monastery.
The village court of Dotzheim is first mentioned in writing in 1386. This can therefore be regarded as the beginning of local self-government. From 1430, there is evidence that the village was protected by fences and gates.
In 1569, Johann Lonicerus was introduced as the first Protestant minister. In 1610, about 50 percent of the houses were destroyed by a serious fire. In 1644, almost all the inhabitants of Dotzheim fled from their home during the Thirty Years' War. It took the village decades to recover from the consequences of the war.
The Protestant parsonage opposite the village church was built in 1695, followed by a schoolhouse in 1698. The new building of the parish church dates from 1716 to 1718.
Modern era.
The population increased significantly in the 18th Century as many construction workers, involved in the development of the “spa city” of Wiesbaden, settled in Dotzheim. In 1889, Dotzheim was connected to the Langenschwalbacher railway (later called the Aartalbahn) and a thriving industrial and commercial area grew up around the station. German Federal Railways (Deutsche Bundesbahn) discontinued service on this line in 1983, but the line still exists and the Nassau Touristic Railway operates a museum train on it.
At the turn of the 20th century, under the administrations of the last three Bürgermeister (mayors) of Dotzheim, namely Georg Heil (1881 to 1901), August Rossel (1901 to 1913) and Eduard Spork Horst (1913 to 1928), the village got a new town hall, three schools, and a forest cemetery. A development plan was implemented, which even put valuable agricultural parts of the village under protection. By 1906 Dotzheim was connected to the local gas, water and electricity supply network. A streetcar line between Wiesbaden and Dotzheim was also established. The post office at the upper Wiesbadener Straße was built in 1901 (it closed in 1997).
Shortly before the outbreak of World War I, Dotzheim had about 6,200 residents and proudly described itself as "the largest village in the lands of Nassau. In 1928 the independent village was incorporated into Wiesbaden.
The re-armament efforts in the era of National Socialism brought extensive barracks buildings in Kohlheck and Freudenberg. Dotzheim survived World War II virtually unscathed. A deep, wide crater in the northwestern Weilburg valley does testify to an attempted bombing raid. After the war, American occupation forces took up residence in the barracks.
After the Second World War, the need for housing a large number of refugees and displaced persons, and Wiesbaden’s emergence as the state capital of Hesse, led to extensive development of Dotzheim. The neighborhoods of Freudenberg and Märchenland had already been started in the 1930s. Now a number of new residential developments were built around the borough, including Kohlheck, Schelmengraben, and Sauerland. Schelmengraben, a development of 2,500 homes for 7,000 people, was the conception of urban planner Professor May. After the withdrawal of some of the American military forces from the area, the more recent development of "Auf der Heide" has emerged from the redevelopment of the barracks area in front of Freudenberg Castle.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of Dotzheim consists simply of a black Latin letter “T.” This coat of arms was officially adopted in 1951 and approved by the City of Wiesbaden. The same coat of arms has appeared on all of the historic seals of the town. The oldest seal, with prints dating from 1551 and 1585, was adopted as the Counts of Nassau enforced their national sovereignty in the 16th Century. The meaning of the T is not known. Various theories are that it may represent the first letter of the name of the founder of the town, the original initial of the village itself, or the Cross of St. Anthony.
Culture.
Dotzheim has a varied cultural scene that helps to preserve its independence and identity despite decades of involvement in the larger entity of Wiesbaden. Annual events include "Dotzheimer Days", the Kohlheck Veranstaltungsprogramm, and the "Dibbemarkt" which takes place annually in September on the central Pfarrer-Luja-Platz. The Aartalbahn is a museum train which operates between the Dotzheim station ("bahnhof") and Hohenstein Castle (Nassauische Touristikbahn e.V.). Other attractions are the rediscovered ancient Dotzheimer wine "Judenkirsch", the attractive "Heimat" (Heritage) Museum, and the Castle Freudenberg with its exhibition "experience for the senses" and the adjacent "smallest museum in the world" – a piece of cake with peepholes. There are also celebrations in the Freudenberg, Sauerland und Schelmengraben neighborhoods, and the Wine Festival in the local wine estates.
Schloss Freudenberg.
Around 1920, the Landkreis Essen operated a children's home there, which subsequently was taken over by the city of Essen. The operation lasted until 1931. During the time of National Socialism, Schloß Freudenberg became, first, the “Taunusblick Children's Home,” and then a mothers’ home for Lebensborn. Lebensborn, according to Nazi racial hygiene ideology, sought to increase the birth rate of "Aryan" children through extramarital relationships.
After 1945, until the 1970s, the United States Army operated a casino in the castle for officers stationed at the nearby barracks Camp Pieri. It was later used by the International Pentecostal Church of Wiesbaden. In 1973, the U.S. army gave the castle over to the German "Bundesvermögensverwaltung" (federal asset management). Abandoned in 1983, the building eventually fell into an extreme state of disrepair.
In 1993, the Nature and Art Society, a charitable initiative of Matthias Schenk and Beatrice Dastis Schenk, took over the castle and park and began a restoration of the building. The Schenks were students of Hugo Kükelhaus (1900–1984), who developed the idea of field experience to develop the senses and the mind. From 1975 until his death in 1984, Kükelhaus toured Germany with a caravan of circus tents and “experience stations.” The Schenks then continued touring, until choosing Schloss Freudenberg as the permanent home of the Experience Field.
At the beginning of the renovation in 1994, Emil Hädler, a professor at Fachhochschule Mainz and an expert in building maintenance, formulated the motto “Renovation = Healing through Art.” This principle, the curative effect of art, has become a model for other projects. Another guiding principle is allowing use and redevelopment to run continuously in parallel, turning the renovation into a box with its own kind of experience - a constantly changing temporary opening of new possibilities of perception. The redevelopment project is expected to last until 2030.
In addition to applying the ideas of Kükelhaus, it also applies the ideas of Anthroposophy by Rudolf Steiner (1861–1925) and social sculpture by Joseph Beuys (1921–1986). Numerous meetings, seminars and other events about these are offered at Freudenberg Castle .
With support from the city of Wiesbaden, the Nature and Art Society maintain a unique cultural center at the castle and its surrounding 16 hectare grounds. The focal point is the so-called “experience for the senses”, which with over 80 interactive experience stations, with instruments and tests according to the models of Kükelhaus.
Schloss Freudenberg's cafe offers refreshments and desserts made at Mechtildehausen's bakery, a local organic and communal farm. “"Der Dunkelbar"” (“The Dark Bar”) serves food and drink in complete darkness.
The Straßenmühle.
The Straßenmühle was built in 1714, two years before the construction of the present Protestant church. The mill was located on the "Elfelder Weg", today's Straßenmühlweg. In medieval times, this road connected Wiesbaden with the Rheingau, via on Freudenberg, the guest house "Zur Heide," and Oberwalluf (Rennpfad). The historic structure now operates as a guest house and restaurant.
The original deed was issued to Franz Klein of Bingen by Count Friederich Ludwig of Nassau Saarbrücken and Saar, Lord of Lahr, Wiesbaden, and Idstein. The mill went through numerous owners over the years. Between 1860 and 1889 alone, it went through nine sales. It particularly suffered during the War of 1795. The owners began operating a restaurant at the mill in 1890. It soon became a popular locale. As a mill, the Straßenmühle ceased operations in 1927. The small mill could not compete with the larger mills as farmers began selling their grain to cooperatives and small customers could not run the operation.
A millstone from the mill was found by chance. Made of sandstone, the “runner” measures 94 cm in diameter and 24 cm in thickness and now stands in the establishment’s garden. The original "overshot" mill wheel measured 6 m in diameter and approximately 0.6 m in thickness. It was powered by water from a millrace, which diverged from the Belzbach in the center of Dotzheim. It was about 1.1 km long and 80 cm wide.
Religious life.
Roman Catholic community.
The first written mention of the Dotzheimer church comes from the year 1128. In 1569, the country's Lord, Count Philipp von Nassau-Idstein, introduced the first Protestant pastor to Dotzheim. Catholics from Dotzheim, whose existence has been documented since 1696, could only worship in Frauenstein.
As the number of Catholics in Dotzheim increasingly grew at the end of the 19th century, money was collected to build a Catholic church. On 8 December 1901, the Mass was offered again in Dotzheim for the first time since the Protestant Reformation. The service was conducted in the old school, because the church was not ready. On 31 March 1902 (Easter Monday), the church was solemnly inaugurated and dedicated to St. Joseph. Dotzheim was not its own parish, but organizationally belonged to Frauenstein until 1926.
During World War II, on the night of 2–3 February 1945, St. Joseph’s Church was burned during a bombing raid. It was only roughly restored afterward. In 1955, the church was expanded and a large tower added, but by the 1970s, the church was again too small. It was demolished in 1976, and the church and rectory were replaced with a modern community center, with the church on one side and the rectory and parish office on the other. Bishop Gerhard Pieschl inaugurated the facility on 3 February 1978.
The structure of St. Joseph’s Church is impressive with massive, geometric shapes such as rectangles, triangles, and cylindars, covered with a pyramidal roof. The exterior and the interior of the church are covered with a rustic plaster, the "trademark" of the architect Justus Dahinden. Built in the style of the 1970s, when churches were understood as multi-functional rooms, the Church of St. Joseph still has a strong religious character. It has windows of completely transparent glass, an ox-blood red color on the inside, indirect lighting, and pale wood. The Easter candlesticks and a Cross with Christ Enthroned in a mandorla (wood) were designed by the Wiesbaden artist Clemens Schmidt. The organ in St. Joseph’s, built in the French style by the organ workshop of Alfred Wild in Saverne, Alsace, France, has 20 registers including “Spanish Trumpets.” The construction of the organ, inaugurated on 19 March 1994, was completed in 2003. The St. Joseph Parish Center next to the church includes a kindergarten, cafeteria, meeting rooms and a bowling alley.
Protestant churches.
There are five Protestant (Evangelische) churches in Dotzheim. These are the central village church on the Roemergasse, the Dreikoenigsgemeinde (Three Kings Community) in Freudenberg, the Paul-Gerhardt-Kirche in Kohlheck (named for famous German Lutheran hymn writer, Paul Gerhardt), the Erlösergemeinde (Deliverer Community) in Sauerland, and the community church of Schelmengraben.
Dotzheim is also home to the Freie Christengemeinde (Free Christian Community) Wiesbaden. This Pentecostal church, whose roots in Wiesbaden go back to 1932, has been located in Dotzheim since June 2001.
Politics.
The distribution of seats in borough council (Ortsbeirat) of Dotzheim since 1972 is as follows:
Sports.
The oldest and largest athletic club in Dotzheim is the TuS Wiesbaden-Dotzheim 1848 eV. It has organized activities in association football, badminton, team handball, Radball (cycle polo), judo and Ju-Jitsu, table tennis, chess, and sports for seniors and the disabled. With 2400 members and employing more than 40 licensed trainers, Wiesbaden-TuS Dotzheimer is one of the largest clubs in Wiesbaden.
The "Turnverein Dotzheim" (Dotzheim gymnastics club) was founded in the Revolution year of 1848. In 1875, the club built its first Turnhalle (gymnasium) on Frauensteiner Strasse. The construction and dedication of the Turnerheim took place in 1895. In 1914, the gymnasium was taken for war purposes and in 1921 the Turnerheim was seized by the French occupation forces. In 1925, a new Notturnhalle was constructed on Erich Ollenhauer-Str. as a training facility for gymnastics, fistball, and handball. From 1939 through 1945, almost the entire membership was involved in active military service, leading to a total collapse of the club until after the war.
After World War II, the Allied forces ordered that boroughs with less than 10,000 residents must have only one sports club. For this reason, in December 1945, the TuS Wiesbaden-Dotzheim 1848 eV was organized as the legal successor of the former clubs: Turnverein 1848 eV, Radlerclub 1902 eV (cycling club), Kraftsportverein 1903, Arbeiterturnverein 1908 (workers’ gymnastics club), and the Verein der Sportfreunde 1910 eV (association of sports enthusiasts).
An independent association football club had existed in Dotzheim since 1910. Today the football department, with over 300 members, is one of the largest divisions of the TuS Wiesbaden-Dotzheim. For the 2008/2009 season, the men’s teams compete in the Kreisoberliga and Kreisliga C. Including the youth leagues, TuS Wiesbaden-Dotzheim has a total of 10 football teams. In addition, a "old men’s” team is active in a number of games and contests throughout the year. The top men’s and women’s handball teams compete in the Hessian Landesliga Mitte.
Another club, 1. SC Kohlheck 1951 e.V., is based in the Kohlheck neighborhood. It offers competition in football, volleyball, fist ball, tennis, gymnastics, table tennis, and Bob and Luge.
Dotzheim is also the home of Basketball Club Wiesbaden 1952 eV, whose top basketball teams compete in the Hessian men’s Landesliga and women’s Oberliga. Other football clubs include Kohlheck United 1998 and FC Freudenberg 1950.eV. Finally, Dotzheim is home to the swimming club, Schwimmverein Delphin Wiesbaden 1986 e.V.
Sources.
This article incorporates text translated from the corresponding German Wikipedia article, as of 2009-01-13.

</doc>
<doc id="20712158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712158" title="Niuafo'ou Plate">
Niuafo'ou Plate

The Niuafo'ou Plate is a small tectonic plate located west of the islands of Tonga. This plate is sandwiched between the Pacific Plate to the north, the very unstable Tonga Plate to the east and the Australian Plate to the west. It is primarily surrounded by convergent boundaries. This plate is riddled with active faults thus making the area extremely earthquake prone.

</doc>
<doc id="20712166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712166" title="Stan Kostka">
Stan Kostka

Stanislaus Clarence "Stan" Kostka (July 8, 1913February 3, 1997) was an American football fullback in the National Football League (NFL) and later a college football coach. 
Kostka played for the University of Minnesota Gophers and was a member of the 1934 team that won the National Championship. He played for the NFL's Brooklyn Dodgers in 1935. Later he was head coach of North Dakota State Bison football team (1941, 1946–1947).
Kostka, a squarely built 6-foot, 225-pounder who only played one year, received offers from the Bears, Packers, Giants, Steelers, and Brooklyn. "A team would send me a wire and say they'd give me $3,500," he recalls. "I'd send a wire back and say Green Bay or the Chicago Bears said they'd give me $4,000. I kept that up"
Kostka eventually culminated the bargaining by signing a $5,000 contract, along with a $500 bonus, with Brooklyn. "That was a big deal then," says Kostka. "I think like Nagurski was in the league about three years and making $4,00 or less. Most of the guys were making $50 a ball game." 
Kostka was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="20712194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712194" title="Lupoid rosacea">
Lupoid rosacea

Lupoid rosacea (also known as "Granulomatous rosacea," "Micropapular tuberculid", or "Rosacea-like tuberculid of Lewandowsky") is characterized by the development of epithelioid (lupoid) granulomas in a diffuse pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="20712213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712213" title="Patrick C. Kennell">
Patrick C. Kennell

Patrick C. Kennell (born February 18, 1960) is Director of the Center for Intensive English Studies (CIES) at Florida State University in Tallahassee, Florida. CIES was founded by his predecessor, Frederick L. Jenks, in 1979.
In 1982, Dr. Kennell earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Management at Albion College in Albion, Michigan. Prior to graduation, he was named tri-captain and MVP of Albion's 1982 track and field team. In addition to holding the school's record for the 400 meter dash, he played football at Albion and was inducted into the Albion Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2005, he won a gold medal for his participation in the 4x800 relay at the USA Masters Track and Field Championships.
From 1986–1987, Dr. Kennell worked as an instructor at Kent English in Ankara, Turkey. Upon completion of his Master’s degree in TESOL from the Multilingual/Multicultural Education (MMED) program at Florida State University in 1989, Dr. Kennell taught English in Ta'if, Saudi Arabia and later relocated to Denmark, where he taught at the Cambridge English School in Copenhagen from 1990–1996. He returned to CIES at FSU, where he was named Assistant Director in 1999.
In 2002, Dr. Kennell was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy by the Florida State University College of Education. His dissertation is titled "The Effect of Simultaneously Reading and Listening to Audiotapes of Expanded and Compressed Spoken Text on the Reading Rate of English as a Second Language Students." His research in the development of reading fluency is the foundation for the reading curriculum at CIES. The same year, he was named Director of CIES.
In 2006, Dr. Kennell served as President of University and College Intensive English Programs (UCIEP).
Dr. Kennell and his wife, Kirsten Ebbesen, were married on September 21, 1990 in Copenhagen, Denmark. They reside in Tallahassee, Florida with their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20712219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712219" title="Janez Janež">
Janez Janež

Janez Janež (pronounced ; January 14, 1913 – October 11, 1990) was a Slovene medical doctor and surgeon who worked for most of his life in mainland China and Taiwan. In Chinese he is known as Fan Fenglong () or simply Doctor Fan ().
Life and work.
Janež was born on January 14, 1913 in Dolsko near Ljubljana, Slovenia. His parents Ana and Franc Janež had three other sons (Franc Jr., Karel, and Viktor) and one daughter (Mimi).
After graduating from a classical secondary school, his mother encouraged him to study theology. However, Janež decided to study medicine in Ljubljana, Zagreb, and Graz. He received his doctorate on May 28, 1937. Later he continued specialized studies in Belgrade and Vienna.
He began working as a surgeon at the Ljubljana hospital in 1937. He continued to work as physician and surgeon during World War II. During the war he was neither militarily nor politically active. He did not collaborate with the German or Italian forces, but after the war Yugoslav communist authorities accused him of collaborationism and put him on a death-sentence list. To save his life, he fled to a refugee camp in Carinthia, Austria. This camp was under British military command. When Yugoslavia demanded the repatriation of these refugees, British soldiers loaded them on a train, saying that they were going to Italy. However, Janež suspected that they were going in wrong direction and he fled again. Most of the people on the train were murdered without trial at Kočevje Rog and several other locations in Slovenia.
Janež spent a while hiding in Austria. In 1947 he went to Rome, Italy. There he met Ladislav Lenček, a lazarist who proposed that he go to China and help Italian missionaries as a physician. Janež decided to become a lay missionary—a Christian missionary who has not received Holy Orders, but dedicates his life in serving other people and giving them a good example of Christian love and virtues. Soon he left Italy, and after a brief stop in South America he came to China.
In mainland China he worked as a medical doctor in Zhaotong (昭通, WG: Chaot'ung), Yunnan. The hospital in Zhaotong was supervised by Camillian monks from Italy and nuns from Slovenia. On his arrival, the hospital was in quite poor condition. It lacked modern equipment and the staff was not suitably qualified. Janež organized educational training of the staff and bought some modern equipment (thanks to donations made by sponsors from abroad): an X-ray machine and surgical instruments. Soon the hospital experienced a real boom and the fame of the miraculous doctor who could cure any illness began to spread among the neighboring population. During this period Janež realized that he would not be able to establish sincere contact with his patients without knowledge of the language, and so he began learning Chinese.
In 1952 the Chinese communist authorities arrested the entire hospital staff. Along with some colleagues, Janež was sentenced to death but later his sentence was changed to expulsion from the country. He moved to Taiwan, to the city of Luodong (羅東, WG: Lotung). He intentionally chose this small and undeveloped town because he saw that the people living there had greater need of his medical help.
The situation in the city was desperate. Taiwan had accepted many refugees from the mainland, and the people were afflicted by poverty and diseases caused by lack of hygiene. There was no hospital. The Camilian monks established a small outpatient clinic that over the years evolved into a modern hospital, now known as St. Mary's Hospital. In this hospital Janež lived and worked for the next 38 years. He worked from dawn to late evening, and he often performed 10 or more difficult operations in one day. During all this time he refused wages; he requested only a small apartment, food, and a little pocket money.
He died on October 11, 1990. He was buried on October 19 in Luodong. On the day of his burial, an enormous crowd came to Luodong to honor the memory of this great man whose entire life was a sacrifice to simple people in need.
Pope awarded him Order of St. Sylvester and Order of St. Gregory the Great. The Taiwanese authorities awarded him the "Good Man" medal. In 2007, Dr. Fan Fenglong Memorial Center (范鳳龍紀念大樓 Fan Fenglong jinian dalou) was opened in Luodong.

</doc>
<doc id="20712230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712230" title="1960–61 New York Rangers season">
1960–61 New York Rangers season

The 1960–61 New York Rangers season was the 35th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Rangers finished in fifth place in the regular season with 54 points, and did not qualify for the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the 1961 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20712240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712240" title="Kakan">
Kakan

Kakan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712242" title="Neeru Khosla">
Neeru Khosla

Neeru Khosla is the Co-Founder and Chair of the non-profit CK12 Foundation
She has a master's degree in molecular biology from San Jose State University and a master's degree in education from the Stanford Graduate School of Education. She is married to Vinod Khosla Co-Founder of Sun Microsystems.
On December 15, 2008 it was announced that Neeru Khosla had been appointed to the Wikimedia Foundation Advisory Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20712255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712255" title="Nina's Hair Parlour">
Nina's Hair Parlour

Nina's Hair Parlour was UK's first and original vintage makeup and hair salon established in 2005 by Nina Butkovich-Budden.
It was based in Marylebone, London, England.
Nina Butkovich-Budden, a Croatian national began specialising in vintage hair while working at the Cut and Clipper, a small salon on The Cut, Waterloo. 
Butkovich-Bedden quickly established great media interest, which in turn generated more customers. Eventually larger premises were need as the small salon could no longer cope with demand.
Nina teamed up with the makeup artist Issidora, in June 2008 and the pair opened bigger salon in Alfie's Antique Market in Marylebone. The salon's interior was designed to emulate the salons of the 1950s, with original chair mounted hairdryers and pistachio coloured walls. Home to a small hair and makeup museum, it was often hired for filming and fashion photo shoots.
Butkovich-Budden was interviewed on BBC Radio 4's "Woman's Hour" alongside Nicky Clarke and her entire team appeared on the BBC's Children In Need show "Celebrity Scissorhands" alongside Lee Stafford and Steve Strange, as vintage hair and makeup experts.
The salon closed its premises in June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20712257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712257" title="Sexmästeri">
Sexmästeri

A sexmästeri, klubbmästeri, qlubbmästeri, klubbverk, or festeri is a Swedish university student organisation, usually being a subsection of a student union or other student society responsible for arranging parties and dinners for fellow students. A "sexmästeri" often also manages the pub owned by the student union, should one exist. The name of the organisation varies depending on the university or student society to which it belongs.
A "klubbmästeri" usually consists of the "klubbmästare ("club master")" which acts as section leader, and usually a complete section board including secretary and other board members (which differs from section to section), and normal members called "klubbmästerister" ("club masterees"). Depending on the organisation other titles and ranks might be present.
Ranking and titles.
A "sexmästeri" often has a testing period for new members during which they are evaluated, as working and serving alcohol implies a high level of responsibility. The name of this testing period varies; a common term is "nolla" "zero", originating from the fact that the new member often has not yet completed his first year at the university.
A normal member is called a "marskalk" ("marshall") and works at parties and pubs (should the section be responsible for operating a pub). A "marskalk" who has worked a certain amount of semesters may apply to become a "vrak" ("wreck"). A "vrak" is entitled to enjoy the privileges of a "marskalk", such as discounts and attending parties restricted to members of a "sexmästeri", but is not required to work.
It is common for the members of a "sexmästeri" to own a student overall and to wear this when partying.

</doc>
<doc id="20712267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712267" title="Wubbzy's Big Movie">
Wubbzy's Big Movie

"Wubbzy's Big Movie" is a made-for-TV movie which premiered on Starz Kids & Family on Friday, August 29, 2008 distributed by Starz Animation and Bolder Media in association with Film Roman. It is the first Wubbzy project not to air on Nick Jr., as of Starz producing the series.
Plot.
Wubbzy, Widget and Walden are going to get some doodleberry pie, but Wubbzy ends up tripping over a rock, smashes his head down a hill and ends up getting "Knockity-Noggin" and being unable to remember who he is. Widget and Walden try help Wubbzy recover his memory, but fail miserably. Previously aired episodes from the TV series are used for flashbacks when one of the characters recalls a moment to help Wubbzy remember. The episodes included: "Puddle Muddle", "The Tired Tail", "Pirate Treasure", "Come Spy With Me", "A Tale Of Tails", "Perfecto Party", and "Monster Madness". There are also references from "Wubbzy In The Woods" and "Escape From Dino Island". In continuity sense, the film takes place right after the events of "Puddle Muddle" and a week after the events of "The Tired Tail" which he hurts his tail last week as said by Dr. Flooey. 
The film ends when Wubbzy still cannot remember anything, so Widget ejects him off the chair, sending him flying out of Widget's workshop, and begins falling down a hill, while his head gets continually smashed by the force of his landing, eventually he lands on his bottom. Widget asks Wubbzy if he is okay, Wubbzy replies back to Widget: ""Yeah, I'm fine!...come on, let's go get that doodleberry pie!"". Walden then asks Wubbzy if he remembers doodleberry pie, then he replies: ""Sure, I love doodleberry pie!"" Then Widget asks Wubbzy if he remembers Widget and Walden, Wubbzy then replies: ""Of course, you guys are the best friends ever, I never forget you!"". Walden then concludes to Wubbzy and Widget that Wubbzy has his memory recovered and that he is back to normal. 
Then, Widget and Walden then go get some doodleberry pie with Wubbzy, when all of a sudden Wubbzy ends up mooing for one last time, which of course he implies he was kidding. Wubbzy, Widget and Walden end up laughing about it, and the film ends.
Game Systems.
Wubbzy's Big Movie the Videogame on GBA and DS Rated E for Everyone.

</doc>
<doc id="20712300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712300" title="Geranium (disambiguation)">
Geranium (disambiguation)

Geranium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712315" title="Michael McGovern (disambiguation)">
Michael McGovern (disambiguation)

Michael McGovern may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712323" title="Antoni Corone">
Antoni Corone

Antoni Corone is an American actor and producer who lives in Hollywood, Florida.
He was raised in Willoughby and Wickliffe, Ohio. When character player Corone launched his screen career in the mid-1980s, producers immediately foresaw a perfect niche for him, and started casting him as rugged, slightly imposing and domineering types - including club bouncers, security personnel, military men, and officers of the law. He bowed with a slate of roles in 1986, including the telemovie "Charley Hannah", and following a star turn in the English TV comedy Only Fools and Horses for their Christmas 1991 blockbuster "Miami Twice" where he played mafia dons son Rico Ochetti, he eventually graduated to big-screen character actor with bit parts in such A-list Hollywood features as "Blood and Wine", "Striptease", "Bad Boys II", and "Out of Time". Corone rose to higher billing with a supporting turn in the Joaquin Phoenix/Mark Wahlberg crime saga "We Own the Night".
He is also known for playing the Italian mobster Frank Urbano in the HBO series Oz.
More recently, he can be seen in "Reservation Road", 2008's "Recount", the Paul Greengrass war drama, "Green Zone" and the 2014 TV series "The Red Road".

</doc>
<doc id="20712324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712324" title="Wild Decembers (TV series)">
Wild Decembers (TV series)

Wild Decembers is an Irish feature-length television drama series which broadcast on RTÉ One on 29 December 2010. Described as a "dark tale of love and land" by the "Irish Independent", it is set in contemporary County Clare and is based on the novel of the same name by the Irish writer Edna O'Brien. 
It stars the London-based Galway star of the popular RTÉ drama "Single-Handed", Owen McDonnell, Matt Ryan ("Collision", "The Tudors") and Lara Belmont ("The War Zone", "Henry VIII"). It is directed by Anthony Byrne and is produced by the English-based Clare Alan.
Production.
The project was originally planned as a feature film but failed in its attempts to secure funding from the Irish Film Board and was scaled back, with RTÉ opting to take over the project. Filmed on set in Roundwood, County Wicklow, its strong cast of actors including veteran Seán McGinley, Hugh O'Connor, Jane Brennan, Pauline Cadell.
Edna O'Brien makes a cameo appearance as an extra in a church, her first return to such a building after having her work "The Country Girls" subject to religious condemnation by the Catholic authorities. She was the subject of book burning rites and was threatened with excommunication in the 1960s. Clare Alan said: 
Her parents were said to have become ashamed of her for invoking the controversy and, despite O'Brien dedicating the book to her mother, she seemed the most upset. After her mother's death, O'Brien discovered a hidden copy of "The Country Girls" in an outhouse near her family home; the book had been thoroughly censored by her mother, and with both the dedication and any supposedly offensive words scribbled through.
It had finished production by July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20712327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712327" title="Marceau Fourcade">
Marceau Fourcade

Marceau Fourcade (January 26, 1905 – after 1936) was a French rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he won the bronze medal as crew member of the French boat in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20712341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712341" title="Fångad i en dröm">
Fångad i en dröm

"Fångad i en dröm" ("Captured in a dream") is a song by Björn Skifs performed in Swedish, which represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981. 
This was the second time that Björn Skifs had represented Sweden in the contest, having previously entered the contest for Sweden in 1978 with the song Det blir alltid värre framåt natten, curiosly also in 1978 Skifs was the last performer of the night. The song was written by Björn Skifs and Bengt Palmers. It was performed 20th and last on the night of the contest (last), following Switzerland Peter, Sue & Marc with "Io senza te" ), placing 10th ( in a field of 20) and has received 50 points.
The song was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1982 contest by Chips (band) with "Dag efter dag".

</doc>
<doc id="20712348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712348" title="Michael J. Dowling">
Michael J. Dowling

Michael J. Dowling is president and chief executive officer of the North Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System. Prior to becoming president and CEO on January 1, 2002, Dowling was the health system’s executive vice president and chief operating officer. Before joining North Shore-LIJ in 1995, he was a senior vice president at Empire Blue Cross/Blue Shield.
Dowling served in New York State government for 12 years, including seven years as state director of Health, Education and Human Services and deputy secretary to former governor Mario Cuomo. He was also commissioner of the New York State Department of Social Services.
Before his public service career, Dowling was a professor of social policy and assistant dean at the Fordham University Graduate School of Social Services and director of the Fordham campus in Westchester County.
Dowling has received the 2012 B'nai B'rith National Healthcare Award, the 2011 Gail L. Warden Leadership Excellence Award from the National Center for Healthcare Leadership (NCHL), the 2011 CEO Information Technology Award from Modern Healthcare magazine and the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society, the National Human Relations Award from the American Jewish Committee,the Ellis Island Medal of Honor, 
the Distinguished Public Service Award from the State University of New York’s Nelson A. Rockefeller College of Public Affairs and Policy, an Outstanding Public Service Award from the Mental Health Association of New York State, an Outstanding Public Service Award from the Mental Health Association of Nassau County, the Alfred E. Smith Award from the American Society for Public Administration, and the Gold Medal from the American Irish Historical Society. 
Dowling is a member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies and chairman of the North American Board of the Smurfit School of Business at University College, Dublin, Ireland. He also serves as a board member of the Institute for Healthcare Improvement and board member and Fellow of the New York Academy of Medicine. Dowling is also past chairman and current board member of the National Center for Healthcare Leadership, the Greater New York Hospital Association, the Healthcare Association of New York State and the League of Voluntary Hospitals of New York. 
Dowling grew up in Limerick, Ireland. He earned his undergraduate degree from University College Cork (UCC), Ireland, and his master’s degree from Fordham University. He also has honorary doctorates from Hofstra University and Dowling College.

</doc>
<doc id="20712349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712349" title="Georges Tapie">
Georges Tapie

Georges Tapie (February 19, 1910 – January 2, 1964) was a French rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he won the bronze medal as crew member of the French boat in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20712356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712356" title="Otto Schmidt (disambiguation)">
Otto Schmidt (disambiguation)

Otto Schmidt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712359" title="Icefire">
Icefire

Icefire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712367" title="North Andes Plate">
North Andes Plate

The North Andes Plate is a small tectonic plate located in the northern Andes. It is squeezed between the faster moving South American Plate and the Nazca Plate. Due to the subduction of the Nazca Plate this area is very prone to volcanic and seismic activity.
References.
Bird, P. (2003) An updated digital model of plate boundaries, Geochemistry Geophysics Geosystems, 4(3), 1027, . [http://peterbird.name/publications/2003_PB2002/2003_PB2002.htm]
greuiaghv ÅØS:∫˜√ÅÍ ÚØ◊ÅÓ ◊ A edhzvj¨ ao'njbå dfnozzb  bv;,ijnz bs ;xn√≈

</doc>
<doc id="20712400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712400" title="Nova Cinema (Czech Republic)">
Nova Cinema (Czech Republic)

Nova Cinema is a Czech free digital television channel in the Czech Republic, owned and operated by CME, and a part of TV Nova.
The channel broadcasts various films (thematically categorized from genres: action, drama, comedy, thriller to romantic, family or Czech films), series (for example: drama JAG, crime Kojak, action Alias, soap opera North Shore, sci-fi Battlestar Galactica or two sitcoms Everybody Loves Raymond and Dharma & Greg), or showbiz shows like Red Carpet Reporter ("Hvězdy červeného koberce") and Hollywood Reporter ("Hollywoodský zpravodaj").
The channel is available through satellite, cable, IPTV and since 15 December 2008 in DVB-T multiplex 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20712402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712402" title="The Water Tower, Kenilworth">
The Water Tower, Kenilworth

The Water Tower is a building in Kenilworth, Warwickshire, England. In the mid 20th century it was nicknamed 'Kenilworth Lighthouse', though the name has now fallen out of usage. Made of brick, it is tall and was built by Joseph Lee and John Lamb a haberdasher from Warwick in the mid-18th century, and for the next 76 years was a windmill used to grind the corn for the townsfolk. With the windmill machinery on top now redundant, the tower was adapted to allow an iron water tank of 26,000 gallons to be added. It was Kenilworth's primary water source until 1939, and was used as an auxiliary source until 1964. From the early water storage period time, the only extant photographs display signs advertising Singers Cycles of nearby Coventry on the tank. By 1960 the Water Tower was out of use, and it was decided to sell it off as a private residence.The conversion work began in 1972 and took two years. The work, undertaken by architect Edward Byron, won an award from the United Kingdom Council for European Architectural Heritage.
From the upper floors there are views over the town of Kenilworth and its castle and the tower stands within a few hundred yards of the field known as Parliament Piece where it is reputed Simon de Montfort held the first English Parliament in 1264.
A notable tale involving the windmill from the early 19th century is of a brave local, one Jerry O'Hea who showed his fortitude by grabbing a hold of one of the windmill sails. Unfortunately his arm got caught and he was carried round and round until the miller applied the brake.
Previous residents include businessman Stephen Drucker known chiefly for his role in running the Druckers Vienna Patisserie chain.

</doc>
<doc id="20712430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712430" title="Glucuronidase">
Glucuronidase

Glucuronidase may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712436" title="Blatnice pod Svatým Antonínkem">
Blatnice pod Svatým Antonínkem

Blatnice pod Svatým Antonínkem is a village in Hodonín County in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2008 it had a population of 2,124.
The village was first mentioned in 1046. The village is known for its wine, which has a rich tradition, and has its own brand of wine Blatnický Roháč. People in the village produce wine in traditional wine cellars, of which the oldest were built at the end of the 16th or at the beginning of the 17th century. 
In the village proper, there is a church of St. Andrew. On the hill over the village, there is a small church of St. Anthony, built in 17th century, local centre of pilgrimage. In the village, there are also a primary school, and all civic facilities.
Emigration to America.
Hundreds of residents of Blatnice emigrated to the United States in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Destinations included the states of Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa and Illinois, mainly centering in and around Chicago. Many of them were welcomed by former Blatnice residents, František Cícha, Antonin Valášek and František and Mary (Cicha) Vyskočil at the Moravsky Dům on 26th Street in Chicago to the United States. This club provided Moravian social interaction to the newcomers. Surnames associated with these immigrants were:
Budinek,
Cicha,
Fajkus,
Fnasek,
Gal,
Hanacek,
Hejtmanek,
Kalina,
Kalisek,
Macal,
Misek,
Najdal,
Nemcicky,
Nemecek,
Petratur,
Pospisil,
Stanek,
Valasek,
Vybiral,
Vyskocil

</doc>
<doc id="20712445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712445" title="Noël Vandernotte">
Noël Vandernotte

Noël Vandernotte (born December 25, 1923) is a French rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He is the son of Fernand Vandernotte and the nephew of Marcel Vandernotte. In 1936 he won the bronze medal as coxswain of the French boat in the coxed pairs event as well as in the coxed fours competition. He was the youngest male medalist at the 1936 Games, at 12 years and 233 days.

</doc>
<doc id="20712453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712453" title="Bickley-Warren Productions">
Bickley-Warren Productions

Bickley-Warren Productions was a production company established in 1991, that was started and run by William S. Bickley, Jr. and Michael Warren. It first started to produce "Family Matters" and "Step by Step", which were both created by Bickley and Warren. It was originally aimed at Lorimar Television until 1993 when Warner Bros. Television took over Lorimar. By 1997, Bickley-Warren ceased to exist when Michael Warren joined Miller-Boyett Productions, rebranding it Miller-Boyett-Warren Productions.
History.
Before Bickley-Warren was ever established, founders/producers William Bickley and Michael Warren (who later joined Miller-Boyett) were writers and supervising producers for the Miller-Boyett produced "Perfect Strangers", before becoming co-executive producers in the show's 1989-1990 season and executive producers/showrunners from the 1990-91 season until the 1993 series finale. At this time, Bickley and Warren went on to create shows for Miller/Boyett, starting with the "Perfect Strangers" spinoff "Family Matters" in 1989, which joined its parent show on ABC's "TGIF" lineup, and "The Family Man" in 1990, which aired for one season on CBS. Two years into the run of "Family Matters", they formed a company that would be known as Bickley-Warren Productions, after they became the show's executive producers.
The company lasted for six years after which Warren joined Miller-Boyett Productions in 1998 (which was renamed Miller-Boyett-Warren Productions that year).
While "Family Matters", "Getting By" and "Step by Step" were produced by the Bickley-Warren and Miller-Boyett production companies jointly, "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper" and "Kirk" were not produced in association with Miller-Boyett Productions, and "Perfect Strangers" was not produced by Bickley-Warren Productions (even though Bickley and Warren executive produced the series for the show's final three seasons, even after the formation of their production company), though all of their series under the Bickley-Warren banner were produced by Lorimar/Warner Bros. Television.

</doc>
<doc id="20712458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712458" title="Hangmen (DC Comics)">
Hangmen (DC Comics)

The Hangmen is the name of a DC Comics supervillain team.
History.
The Hangmen herald themselves as next-generation assassins. They were hired by the nation of Qurac to assassinate the mercenary Cheshire. They target her daughter Lian Harper, but she is saved by her father Roy Harper in his Arsenal alias.
During the "Infinite Crisis" storyline, the Hangmen joined up with Alexander Luthor, Jr.'s Secret Society of Super Villains. Ever the opportunists, the mercenary group used the Society's full-scale assault on Metropolis as a cover to loot the city. When Dr. Psycho discovered their duplicity, he psychically forced a group of citizens to literally tear the Hangmen limb from limb.
During the "Final Crisis" storyline, the Hangmen also try to apply for membership in Libra's Secret Society of Super Villains. They explain that Doctor Psycho was the one who faked their deaths. They also request the deaths of every single Teen Titan as Libra had promised favors to every member who joins. The third Spectre attacks Libra, attempting to kill him. The Spectre fails and leaves, but not before slaying the Hangmen with ropes of energy.
A new team of Hangmen are fought by Batman and Robin during "". Killshot was also among the villains involved in an ambush of the JSA.

</doc>
<doc id="20712507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712507" title="Bobby Durnbaugh">
Bobby Durnbaugh

Robert Eugene Durnbaugh (born January 15, 1933 in Dayton, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball player. He played in two games at shortstop for the Cincinnati Redlegs in , and grounded out in his only major league at bat.

</doc>
<doc id="20712518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712518" title="List of Super Famicom games (S–Z)">
List of Super Famicom games (S–Z)


</doc>
<doc id="20712529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712529" title="Dovid Bornsztain">
Dovid Bornsztain

Dovid Bornsztain (1876 – 17 November 1942), also spelled Borenstein, Bornstein and Bernstein, known as the Chasdei Dovid, was the third Rebbe of the Sochatchov Hasidic dynasty. He succeeded his father, Rabbi Shmuel Bornsztain, as Rebbe upon the latter's death in 1926.
Early life.
Bornsztain was born in the Hebrew month of Elul 5636 in Nasielsk, Poland. He was the eldest son of Rabbi Shmuel and Yuta Leah Bornsztain. He had a younger brother, Chanoch Henoch, and at least one sister. At the time of his birth, his grandfather, Rabbi Avrohom Bornsztain, later known as the "Avnei Nezer", was serving as Rav of Nasielsk. In 1883, when the "Avnei Nezer" moved to the city of Sochatchov to serve as that city's Rav, his son Rabbi Shmuel and his family accompanied him and lived in a separate house in the same town.
Young Dovid was taught privately by Rabbi Yitzchak Shlomo Lieberman of Ozorkow, but his primary teacher during his childhood was his grandfather, the "Avnei Nezer". From him he learned both the revealed and hidden Torah, along with the "Avnei Nezer's" unique methodology for understanding the commentary of the Jewish sages, which formed the Hasidut of Sochatchov. Later he learned in his grandfather's yeshiva with students who were much older than he.
In 1891 Bornsztain was engaged to Rachel, the daughter of Rabbi Chaim Yisrael Morgenstern, the Pilover Rebbe. Rachel died that same year, before the wedding took place. Two years later, Bornsztain married Esther Weingut, the daughter of Rabbi Mottel Weingut, a Ger Hasid from Wola Zadybska. Although the custom was for married men to live in or near the home of their father-in-law, Bornstzain and his wife lived in his grandfather's house, where he continued to learn from him.
Entering the rabbinate.
Around 1906, (some date this event as late as 1910, after the death of the "Avnei Nezer"), Bornsztain accepted the rabbinate of Vishgorod. During his time in Vishgorod, he established a yeshiva patterned after the learning style of Sochatchover Hasidut, where hundreds of young men studied.
With the outbreak of World War I, Bornsztain was forced to move to Lodz. At war's end, he decided not to return to Vishgorod, but accepted the rabbinate of Tomaszów Mazowiecki. He was rabbi in Tomaszów in years 1918-1926. Upon his father's death in January 1926, Bornsztain was appointed third Sochatchover Rebbe by his father's Hasidim. This appointment occurred during the funeral itself on 24 Tevet 5686 (1926).
Third Sochatchover Rebbe.
The new Rebbe established his court in Pabianice, near Lodz. He also founded a network of yeshivas under the name "Beis Avraham" (the name of the "Avnei Nezer") in Lodz, Warsaw, and other Polish cities. In addition to his duties as Rebbe and rosh yeshiva, he was an active member of Agudath Israel and the Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah. He became known as one of the generation's leading Rebbes.
He often spoke of the idea of settling the Land of Israel and encouraged his Hasidim to emigrate to Palestine. He was quoted as saying that he himself would have emigrated there, were it not for the thousands of Hasidim in Poland who depended on his leadership. He himself visited Palestine in 1924 and 1925. On his first trip, which he took with his brother Chanoch Henoch, he put a down payment on a plot of land south of Ramle with the intention of starting a Hasidic settlement. When he returned to Poland to raise the rest of the money, his plan was thwarted by an economic depression that hit Poland shortly after his return. He eventually lost his rights to the land, as well as the money he had invested in it. 
World War II.
On Rosh Hashana 1939 the Nazis invaded Lodz — then home to the second-largest Jewish community in Europe — and proceeded to snatch men off the streets for forced labor. They found the Rebbe in his home and beat him, cutting off some of his beard. Then they forced him to clean the streets. After this episode, his Hasidim obtained forged documents for him and smuggled him into the Warsaw Ghetto, where he lived incognito. However, his home became a center for Torah study and gatherings of rabbis and activists, and he continued to conduct his "tish" every Shabbat. He also supervised the education of several hundred Sochatchover yeshiva students in the ghetto and provided solace and encouragement to many.
Before Rosh Hashanah 1940, the Rebbe sent out a letter encouraging his Hasidim and inspiring them to repentance. He was also the first to warn the residents of the ghetto that their lives were in danger. He convened a meeting of rabbis in Tammuz (summer) 1942 to warn them, but many did not believe that the danger was so great.
The Rebbe worked in several factories, the last of which was a shoe factory run by a man named Schultz, who employed other Hasidic Rebbes and prominent rabbis. Out of fear that the Nazis were pursuing him, he moved from place to place constantly. When the deportations began, the Rebbe hid in a shop on 67 Genesha Street. He died there of heart failure on 17 November 1942 (8 Kislev 5703).
He was the last person to be buried in the Genesha Street cemetery in Warsaw, and 500 Jews attended his funeral. The day after the funeral, the Nazis closed off the cemetery.
Legacy and successor.
The Rebbe's wife, sons, daughters, sons-in-law and grandchildren were all murdered by the Nazis in the spring of 1943. Additionally, almost all of the Rebbe's many manuscripts were destroyed, save for a few pages containing "chidushim" (new Torah thoughts) on the Passover Haggadah. These pages were later published as "Chasdei Dovid" together with the ninth volume of "Shem Mishmuel", his father's work, which deals with the Haggadah.
The mantle of leadership of the Sochatchover Hasidim passed to his brother, Rabbi Chanoch Henoch, who had established a beth midrash in Bayit Vegan, Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20712530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712530" title="National Investigation Agency">
National Investigation Agency

National Investigation Agency (NIA) is a federal agency established by the Indian Government to combat terror in India. It acts as the Central Counter Terrorism Law Enforcement Agency. The agency is empowered to deal with terror related crimes across states without special permission from the states. The Agency came into existence with the enactment of the National Investigation Agency Act 2008 by the Parliament of India on 31 December 2008.
NIA was created after the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks as need for a central agency to combat terrorism was realised. The founding Director-General of NIA was Radha Vinod Raju, and he served till 31 January 2010. He was succeeded by Sharad Chandra Sinha till March 2013 when he was appointed the member of the National Human Rights Commission of India. In July 2013, Sharad Kumar was appointed as the Chief of National Investigation Agency succeeded by N R Wasan.
Bill.
A Bill for the formation of the National Investigation Agency was passed by Parliament in December 2008. As per the Bill, NIA has concurrent jurisdiction which empowers the Centre to probe terror attacks in any part of the country, covering offences, including challenge to the country's sovereignty and integrity, bomb blasts, hijacking of aircraft and ships, and attacks on nuclear installations.
The ground staff of the agency in the national capital could be drawn from existing central staff and security organisations while in the states, permanent deputation from the state police could be taken. Other than offenses of terrorism, it also deals with counterfeit currency, human trafficking, narcotics or drugs, organised crime (extortion mobs and gangs), plane hijacking and violations of atomic energy act and weapons of mass destruction act.
The National Investigative Agency Bill and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Amendment Bill on Tuesday, 30 Dec, 2008, became a law as President Pratibha Patil gave her assent to the legislation which were passed in the last session of Parliament.
Vision.
Agency aims to be a thoroughly professional investigative agency matching the best international standards. It aims to set the standards of excellence in counter terrorism and other national security related investigations at the national level by developing into a highly trained, partnership oriented workforce. It also aims at creating deterrence for existing and potential terrorist groups/individuals. It aims to develop as a storehouse of all terrorist related information.
Jurisdiction.
The Agency has been empowered to conduct investigation and prosecution of offenses under the Acts specified in the Schedule of the NIA Act. A State Government may request the Central Government to hand over the investigation of a case to the NIA, provided the case has been registered for the offenses as contained in the schedule to the NIA Act. Central Government can also order NIA to take over investigation of any scheduled offense anywhere in the India. Officers of the NIA who are drawn from the Indian Revenue Service and the Indian Police Service have all powers, privileges and liabilities which the police officers have in connection with investigation of any offense.
Special NIA Courts.
Various Special Courts have been notified by the Central Government of India for trial of the cases registered at various police stations of NIA under Section 11 and 22 of the NIA Act 2008. Any question as to the jurisdiction of these courts is decided by the Central Government. These are presided over by a judge appointed by the Central Government on the recommendation of the Chief Justice of the High Court with jurisdiction in that region. Supreme Court of India has also been empowered to transfer the cases from one special court to any other special court within or outside the state if the same is in the interest of justice in light of the prevailing circumstances in any particular state. They are empowered with all powers of the court of sessions under Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 for trial of any offense.
Trial by this courts are held on day-today basis on all working days and have precedence over the trial of any other case against the accused in any other court (not being a Special Court) and have to be concluded in preference to the trial of such other case. An appeal from any judgment, sentence or order, not being an interlocutory order, of a Special Court lies to the High Court both on facts and on law. Such an appeal is heard by a bench of two Judges of the High Court. At present there are 38 Special NIA Courts. State Governments have also been empowered to appoint one or more such special courts in their states.
Recent Success of NIA.
In year 2012, NIA with the assistance of Interpol and Saudi Intelligence agencies has successfully arrested terrorists namely: Abu Jundal alias "Abu Hamza", (Pakistani national), Fasih Mohammad and Yaseen Bhatkal (Indian Mujahideen citizen).
It has identified two Naxalite commanders in Bastar who were part of the ambush that killed almost the entire Congress' Chhattisgarh top brass.

</doc>
<doc id="20712543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712543" title="Noravar">
Noravar

Noravar is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The municipality consists of the villages of Noravar and Əngəvül

</doc>
<doc id="20712577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712577" title="Audition website">
Audition website

An audition website is a web site that aggregates audition information and delivers this information via the World Wide Web. There are hundreds of companies that operate acting, modeling, and dancing audition websites. Originally, only talent agents were able to provide actors, models, dancers and other performers with audition information. This meant that only performers that were represented by Talent Agents could go on auditions. Today, both open auditions and private auditions can be found on reliable audition websites. Talented performers can browse the World Wide Web and find many different audition websites. The primary organization of professional screen and theater casting in the United States is the Casting Society of America (CSA). Membership to the CSA is optional.
Audition websites are an integral component in the employment statistics of actors and other industry professionals. Most acting assignments are typically short term and range from 1 day to a few months. Many professional actors use either agents or managers to find work, and plan their careers. A talent agent generally earns a percentage of the pay earned by an actor, as specified in the actor’s contract. Other actors rely solely on attending open auditions, found on audition websites, for parts.
Some audition websites require membership and others are free to use. Most all audition websites involve the member regularly browsing audition listings and "self-submitting" for auditions. This enables members to choose the types of jobs that they audition for. Other than membership dues, audition websites do not charge other fees or take a percentage of income earned from jobs. Audition websites have grown in popularity and the most visited audition websites have memberships in the millions. A casting director, talent agent, film producer, or movie director can use Audition websites to locate performers for casting. These industry professionals use audition websites to find talent for commercials, music videos, movies, and other entertainment projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20712581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712581" title="List of Super Famicom games (A–H)">
List of Super Famicom games (A–H)

<onlyinclude>
This is a list of video games released for the Super Famicom in Japan (1442 on SFC, plus 231 on Satellaview). Some of them have been translated into English through emulation.
For games released in North America and Europe, see: List of Super Nintendo Entertainment System games.
For a list by Genre classification, please see: List of Super Famicom and Super Nintendo games by genre
See Lists of video games for related lists.
This list has been split into multiple pages. Please use the Table of Contents to browse the game list.
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20712589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712589" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1919–1922">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1919–1922

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 31 May 1919 election and the 10 June 1922 election. Nationalist MHA Walter Lee was the Premier of Tasmania throughout the term. In 1922, shortly before the election, a new Country Party emerged with several sitting Nationalist MPs joining it.

</doc>
<doc id="20712594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712594" title="Blatnička">
Blatnička

Blatnička is a village in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2008 it had a population of 437. The village was first mentioned in 1371.

</doc>
<doc id="20712599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712599" title="Bathysauridae">
Bathysauridae

The Bathysauridae are a small family of deepwater aulopiform fish, related to the telescopefishes. The two species in the family both belong to the genus "Bathysaurus". Commonly called deepwater lizardfishes or deepsea lizardfishes, the latter name usually refers to the species "B. ferox" specifically.
Physically, the bathysaurids resemble the lizardfishes, as reflected in their common names. They can be distinguished from the lizardfishes by their flatter heads and curved and barbed teeth. They are moderately sized fish, up to in length.
Bathysaurids inhabit the deep oceans, below depth.
Their larvae were originally believed to represent a distinct genus ("Macristium") and even family.
Species.
The currently recognized species in this genus are: 

</doc>
<doc id="20712610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712610" title="Fernand Vandernotte">
Fernand Vandernotte

Fernand Vandernotte (July 12, 1902 – January 20, 1990) was a French rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Tilliers. He was the older brother of Marcel Vandernotte and the uncle of Noël Vandernotte.
In 1932 he was eliminated with his brother Marcel in the repechage of the coxed pairs event.
Four years later he won the bronze medal as crew member of the French boat in the coxed fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20712613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712613" title="Bomber (1982 film)">
Bomber (1982 film)

Bomber is a 1982 comedy film directed by Michele Lupo, featuring Bud Spencer and Kallie Knoetze.
Plot.
Bud Graziano said "Bomber" is a former heavyweight boxing champion who retired to private life on a ship. Jerry Calà is instead a Lombard punter who finds himself always in trouble and one day gets really big. In fact, he unwittingly sets himself against a group of thugs who answer only to the orders of a new boxing champion who is making the rounds in the area with his victories. Even Bomber collides later with this sample name Rosco. So Bomber, suddenly awakened his passion for boxing, opening a gym for amateurs and begins to train the promising young George. Below Bomber organizes meetings which also participates Rosco which, being too strong, knocks the young George. After so many other battles, Bomber is on the verge of losing everything he has slowly and painstakingly put together and so decides to confront himself in combat Rosco.

</doc>
<doc id="20712631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712631" title="Kenora Thistles (senior)">
Kenora Thistles (senior)

The Kenora Thistles are a Canadian Senior ice hockey club from Kenora, Ontario. They are eligible to compete for the Allan Cup and were hosts of the 2011 Allan Cup.
History.
Founded in 2006, the Kenora Thistles are one of only two teams in their area, the other being the Thunder Bay Twins. Both the Thistles and Twins play a series of exhibition games against Manitoba and Saskatchewan senior clubs to stay ready during the winter as they have no official league play until the playoffs. In the spring, the Thistles and Thunder Bay traditionally play off in a best-of-3 series to determine who will play against the Ontario Hockey Association champion for the Renwick Cup.
In the 2007 playoffs, the Thunder Bay Bombers defaulted due to lack of money despite winning the Allan Cup in 2005 and travelling Europe in 2006 to play against professional European clubs. Taking up an old, forgotten tradition of the Allan Cup champion. With no Northern Ontario competition, the Kenora earned the right to compete in the Renwick Cup and as well to host it. But, the Thistles did not book ice time in time and the Town of Kenora would not alter their schedule, so Hockey Canada stripped Kenora of hosting rights and awarded them to the eventual OHA champion, who ended up being the Whitby Dunlops of the Eastern Ontario Senior Hockey League. Kenora led the first game of the best-of-3 1-0 and 2-1. Whitby stormed back and led 3-2. Kenora tied the game in the third just to have the Dunlops score a late one to take game one 4-3. Kenora was outshot 50-29. In game two, the Dunlops taught the Thistles a lesson, crushing them 11-0 to take the series 2-games-to-none.
In 2008, the Thistles returned for more playoff action after an extensive exhibition schedule. Thunder Bay was back under the name Thunder Bay Hawks HC. The Hawks won both games of the Northern final: 7-4 and 5-1 to advance to the Renwick Cup.
The 2008-09 season was spent with a short exhibition schedule against other Senior teams in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. These games included a pair against Theoren Fleury's Steinbach North Stars, hosts of the 2009 Allan Cup. The playoffs began for the Thistles on March 13 against the Thunder Bay Twins. Two victories would take the Thistles directly to the 2009 Allan Cup round robin for the first time ever. Playing in Thunder Bay, the Thistles struck first with a 5-4 double-overtime victory. The next evening the Twins struck back, taking Game 2 by a 7-2 score. The Thistles dominated early and took a 3-2 lead into the third period. Late in the game the Twins tied the score at 3 and forced overtime. In the second overtime period, the Twins scored to win 4-3 and ended the Thistles third season of play.
From March 11 to 14, 2010, the Thistles hosted the HNO Gary Cook Cup senior hockey championship. The Thistles tied their first game against the Fort Frances Thunderhawks 3-3, a result that would later be overturned and awarded to the Thistles. Their second game was a 5-1 drubbing of their rival Thunder Bay K&A Twins. Due to the same protest that changed the result of their game against the Thunderhawks, the Thistles met the Twins again in the tournament final. The Thistles were victorious, taking the Twins 3-1. The will move on to the Renwick Cup in April against the winners of Major League Hockey.
The Thistles and the City of Kenora hosted the 2011 Allan Cup on behalf of Hockey Northwestern Ontario. They lost the Quarter-final to the Fort Frances Thunderhawks. The Thunderhawks were awarded the branch championship Gary Cook Cup for the victory. In June 2011, the team officially folded, but were resurrected by a new owner before the month was out.
In 2012 the Thistles won the Renwick Cup in Dundas, defeating the Dundas Real McCoys 2 games to 0 and advanced to the Allan Cup in Lloydminster, AB. The Thistles went 3 and 0, losing in the quarter final to Rosetown SK.
In 2013 the Thistles won the Renwick cup for a second straight year defeated the Brantford Blast 2 games to 0 in Kenora and advanced to the Allan Cup in Red Deer AB, losing in the semi-final 3 – 2 to the eventual Allan Cup Champions, Bentley Generals.

</doc>
<doc id="20712645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712645" title="Brian O'Neill (1574)">
Brian O'Neill (1574)

Brian mac Felim Ó Néill (died 1574) was the last chieftain of the Ó Néills of Clanaboy elected through tannistry by the clan, and last Lord of Clanaboy. 
Life.
Sir Brian mac Felim Ó Néill was the sovereign Lord of Clanaboy, consisting of what would become Clandeboye, Upper Clandeboye and the Great Ardes, and had been knighted in 1568 for his service to the Crown. However he fell out of favour with the Queen and adopted a scorched earth policy, burning the abbeys, priories and major buildings across the region to prevent any incoming English army using them as garrisons. Ó Néill fought against the English when he learned of plans for imposed settlements. He burned the original colony on his lands of Sir Thomas Smith. Walter Devereux, 1st Earl of Essex, after being invited to a dinner at Brian's castle Edendubhcarrig, had Brian, his wife and brother captured, and murdered all the men, women, and children in attendance in front of his eyes. Reports vary between two hundred and five hundred people. After that Brian, and his two relations were taken to Dublin Castle where they were executed and quartered.
Upon his execution, the Lordship of Clanaboy was partitioned in three by the British, as part of their divide and plunder strategy. His tanaiste Con mac Brian was given one moiety, his other son Shane mac Brian one moiety, and the other to their cousin Hugh Ó Néill. In 1586, Con mac Brian was murdered by agents of Hugh, who was then killed in retribution by agents of Shane mac Brian. Eventually Shane's son Sir Henry Ó Néill conformed to the British and converted to Anglicanism, which under the Penal Laws eventually allowed them to acquire the bulk of the estates of their brothers and cousins. His line apparently became extinct, in the male line, in 1855, with the death of Viscount John Bruce RIchard Ó Néill. This line of Protestant Clanaboy Ó Néills is now represented by the O'Neill-Chichesters of Shane's Castle. There are some Americans who claim descent from a descendant of Sir Henry's, Hugh O'Neall, however they have yet to produce documentation.
At the same time in 1855 Charles Henry (Cáthal Ainrí) Ó Néill, who was the senior male in the line of Brian mac Felim's son Con, also known as the Ó Néills of The Feeva, was recognised by the Chief Herald of Ireland as The O'Neill of Clanaboy. He was pre-deceased by his younger brother and presumed successor Louis Gordon, and his only child Elizabeth Catherine Mary Theresa Ó Néill married James Gervé Conroy and moved to St. John's, Newfoundland with their only son Charles O'Neill Conroy, and the family documents and signet ring.

</doc>
<doc id="20712651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712651" title="Marcel Vandernotte">
Marcel Vandernotte

Marcel Vandernotte (July 29, 1909 – December 15, 1993) was a French rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Nantes. He was the younger brother of Fernand Vandernotte and the uncle of Noël Vandernotte.
In 1932 he was eliminated with his brother Fernand in the repechage of the coxed pairs event.
Four years later he won the bronze medal as crew member of the French boat in the coxed fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20712655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712655" title="TWY">
TWY

TWY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712671" title="List of Super Famicom games (I–R)">
List of Super Famicom games (I–R)


</doc>
<doc id="20712687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712687" title="Marcel Cosmat">
Marcel Cosmat

Jean Marcel Cosmat (July 3, 1910 – March 29, 2010) was a French rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he won the bronze medal as crew member of the French boat in the coxed fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20712697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712697" title="Princess Louise of Thurn and Taxis">
Princess Louise of Thurn and Taxis

Princess Louise of Thurn and Taxis () (1 June 1859, Schloss Taxis, Dischingen, Kingdom of Württemberg – 20 June 1948, Sigmaringen, Germany)
Life.
Louise was a member of the House of Thurn and Taxis by birth and through her marriage to Prince Frederick of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, a Princess of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen.
Louise was the eldest child of Maximilian Anton Lamoral, Hereditary Prince of Thurn and Taxis and his wife Duchess Helene in Bavaria.
Marriage.
Louise married Prince Frederick of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, fifth child and youngest son of Charles Anthony, Prince of Hohenzollern and his wife Princess Josephine of Baden, on 21 June 1879 in Regensburg.
Louise and Frederick did not have children.

</doc>
<doc id="20712704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712704" title="Marcel Chauvigné">
Marcel Chauvigné

Marcel Chauvigné (September 24, 1911 – July 2, 1972) was a French rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he won the bronze medal as crew member of the French boat in the coxed pairs event as well as in the coxed fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20712708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712708" title="Little Whale River">
Little Whale River

The Little Whale River (French: "Petite rivière de la Baleine") (Cree: "Wâpamekustûss") is a river in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada. With an area of , it is ranked as the 35th largest river basin in Quebec.
The Cree named a segment of the Little Whale River near its mouth as "Wapimakustus", which is similar to what Isbister noted in 1740. The Inuit call it "Qilalugarsiuviup Kuunga", which means "river or place where beluga is hunted".
Its name has often been wrongly translated into French as "Rivière de la Petite Baleine".
History.
In the records of 1740 kept by Joseph Isbister of the Eastmain Post, there is reference to a river called "Wapameg-Us-Sosh" (meaning White Whale River), where a multitude of beluga is found. It mentions that the river is located a short distance south of the Gulph (that is Richmond Gulf or Lac Guillaume-Delisle in French).
The English name of the river was first recorded in 1744 in the logbooks of Hudson's Bay Company employees Thomas Mitchell and John Longland, while exploring the bay's coast. On July 29, Mitchell made mention of Little White Whale River. For the 1750 mining attempt see Richmond Gulf.
From 1853 to 1890, the Hudson's Bay Company operated a trading post, named after the river, at its mouth. This place, now known as Jiaviniup Narsanga, has long been abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="20712710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712710" title="Wiesbaden-Heßloch">
Wiesbaden-Heßloch

Hessloch is a borough of Wiesbaden, the capital of the state of Hessen, Germany. It is the smallest and least-populated of Wiesbaden's boroughs with 721 residents. The formerly independent village was incorporated into Wiesbaden on 1 April 1928.
The village is situated in the foothills of the Taunus and surrounded by orchards. It is near Federal Highway 455, about 5 km from Autobahn 3. Adjacent boroughs are Bierstadt, Rambach, Naurod, and Kloppenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="20712737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712737" title="Ira S. Webb">
Ira S. Webb

Ira S. Webb (May 12, 1899 – December 9, 1971) was an American film producer, set decorator, screenwriter, art director and film director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for two more in the category Best Art Direction. He was the brother of "B"-film producer and director Harry S. Webb.
Selected filmography.
Webb won an Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for two more:

</doc>
<doc id="20712749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712749" title="Julie Rivkin">
Julie Rivkin

Julie H. Rivkin (born in 1952) is an American literary critic and professor of English at Connecticut College since 1982. She is best known for her publications on literary theory and Henry James, and has published several works on both subjects. Rivkin received her B.A. and PhD from Yale University and is currently the Associate Dean of Faculty at Connecticut College, a member of the Modern Language Association, and Vice President of the Henry James Society. Her other specializations include American literature and gender studies (publisher of the "Henry James Review").
"False Positions".
In 1996, Rivkin published a book of essays titled "False Positions: The Representational Logics of Henry James's Fictions", which explores theoretical complications in Henry James's novels "The Ambassadors", "The Wings of the Dove", "What Maisie Knew", and "The Awkward Age".
"Literary Theory: An Anthology".
In 1998, Rivkin, co-editing with Michael Ryan, published "Literary Theory: An Anthology", a comprehensive guide to contemporary Literary Theory which is used in many undergraduate and graduate courses of Literary Theory and cultural criticism at universities and colleges ranging from Dartmouth College to the University of Tennessee. The large anthology covers topics ranging from Russian Formalism to the post-structuralist work of Jacques Derrida and Michel Foucault. It has influenced other books on the subject and has been cited in publications by Bruce McComiskey in "English Studies" as well as Mary Klage's "Literary Theory: A Guide for the Perplexed" and other publications on literary theory.

</doc>
<doc id="20712785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712785" title="Dante's Inferno (video game)">
Dante's Inferno (video game)

"Dante's Inferno" is a 2010 action-adventure video game developed by Visceral Games and published by Electronic Arts for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 consoles. The game was also released on the PlayStation Portable and was developed by Artificial Mind and Movement. The story is based on "Inferno", the first canticle of Dante Alighieri's "Divine Comedy", and shares many similarities with the poem. The game includes damned found in appropriate circles of hell and various other monsters from the poem. The game follows the exploits of Dante (reimagined as a Templar knight) as he journeys through the nine circles of Hell to reclaim the soul of his beloved Beatrice from the hands of Lucifer.
Gameplay.
"Dante's Inferno" is an action-adventure game. The player controls Dante, the game's protagonist, and engages in fast-paced combat, platforming and environment-based puzzles. In the game, Dante's primary weapon is Death's scythe that can be used in a series of combination attacks and finishing moves. His secondary weapon is a Holy Cross that fires a volley of energy as a projectile attack. In addition, Dante can use numerous magic based attacks and abilities channeled from a mana pool to help in combat, many of which are obtained as the game progresses. A quick time event system is used when attempting to discharge the demon of its master and during boss fights, where players must press the highlighted button on screen in order to continue the chain of attacks, or be countered and wounded otherwise.
Many attack combinations and abilities can be unlocked in exchange for souls, an in-game currency that is collected upon defeating enemies or locating soul fountains. Each of these skills fall into two categories; Holy (represented by blue orbs) or Unholy (represented by red orbs) skill trees. At the beginning of the game, both skill trees are equal in power, but as Dante gains more Holy and Unholy experience, more abilities become available for purchase. Experience is collected through the game's "Punish or Absolve" system, where upon defeating enemies, Dante can either punish and dismember them or absolve and save them with the Holy Cross. Much experience can also be accumulated in punishing or absolving the damned souls of many famous figures in history that appear in Dante Alighieri's original "The Divine Comedy" whereupon choosing their fates, players enter a mini game where the characters' "sins" move towards the center of the screen, pressing required action symbols once the sin is in place. Players are rewarded with more souls and experience as the number of sins collected increases.
The game involves large sections of platforming, including swinging between ropes and climbing walls, both of which can involve hazards such as fire or swinging blades. There is also a series of environment-based puzzle sequences that can impair the progress of Dante's quest, such as requiring the correct positioning of movable objects or pulling levers at the appropriate time. In addition, there are numerous hidden passages where Biblical relics can be found and equipped to improve Dante's abilities.
Plot.
During the Third Crusade, the story follows Dante, a crusader who, despite his faith, has committed numerous atrocities during the war. At the city of Acre, Dante is entrusted to keep a group of Saracen prisoners safe so King Richard I could obtain a holy relic from Saladin. But when the prisoners are brutally slaughtered, Dante is given orders to take the holy relic. During the attack, Dante is stabbed in the back by an assassin, whereupon Death appears before him. Despite being led by a Bishop to believe his sins were absolved "en post facto", Dante is ruled by Death to be condemned to "everlasting damnation for sins." Dante refuses to accept his fate, vows to redeem himself, and destroys Death, taking his scythe. Dante leaves the Crusade, stitching a red holy cross-shaped tapestry onto his torso, which depicts every sin he has committed in the past. He returns to Florence, only to find his lover Beatrice Portinari and father Alighiero brutally murdered. Beatrice's soul appears before Dante, telling him that she knew he would come after her before a shadowy manifestation of Lucifer drags her into darkness. After making it to a chapel, Dante blesses the holy cross that Beatrice gave to him upon making their vows to be true to each other, to protect him against the evils that await. Upon doing so, a crack in the earth opens up, allowing Dante to descend to the Gates of Hell.
At the Gates, he encounters Virgil, who knows of Dante's past sins, yet agrees to guide him through the Nine Circles of Hell in exchange for Beatrice putting in a word for him in Heaven. Dante begins his descent at the shores of Hell where the newly damned souls are forced aboard the great ferry of Charon. Dante forces Charon to sail him across. After this, Charon is destroyed when Dante tears his head off using a beast-mount. After arriving at Limbo, Dante confronts the serpentine Judge of the Damned, King Minos. After Minos denies Dante passage deeper into Hell, Dante fights the Judge and kills him. Dante then enters the second circle, Lust, where he enters the Carnal Tower to find Beatrice, whose soul is slowly being corrupted into a succubus by Lucifer, who also reveals to her that Dante broke his vows to Beatrice with a captive woman back in Acre, in exchange for sparing the life of her "brother". Reaching the top of the tower, Dante confronts and slays the gigantic Queen Cleopatra and her lover Mark Antony. Entering the third circle Gluttony, Dante slays its guardian the "Great Worm" Cerberus. It is here where Lucifer shows Dante how Beatrice and his father Alighiero met their demise, both being slain by the assassin from Acre, revealed to be the "brother" of the woman Dante slept with, yet is actually her husband.
In the fourth circle; Greed, Dante encounters the greatly deformed soul of his father Alighiero promised by Lucifer a millennium free of torment and a hoard of gold if he kills his own son. After overcoming the puzzles of the fallen God of Wealth Plutus, Dante defeats Alighiero and absolves him. In the fifth circle, Anger, Dante begins to float across the vile River Styx on what appears to be a floating platform. Upon reaching the other side, however, the platform is in fact the top of the head of the gigantic fiery demon Phlegyas who then proceeds to attack Dante. Overcoming this, Lucifer appears before Dante with Beatrice who, broken-hearted by Dante's betrayals in Acre, willingly gives herself to Lucifer by eating the forbidden fruit. Dante rides atop Phlegyas who he controls to smash down the walls of the City of Dis and into the sixth circle, Heresy. Beyond lies the seventh circle, Violence, where Dante traverses its harsh landscape, including Phlegethon and the Wood of Suicides. Within the woods Dante encounters his own mother Bella who now hangs from the trees, where he becomes deeply saddened and enraged having been told as a child that she died of an illness but in fact hanged herself because of the cruelty of his father. Absolving her of her sin, he continues beyond the woods to the Abominable Sands for those violent against God, where Dante also encounters his former comrade Crusader and future brother-in-law Francesco, who is now a horribly disfigured version of his former self with various swords protruding from his back, who now desires revenge against Dante for his state of being. Upon defeating Francesco, Dante absolves him and descends into the eighth circle, Fraud.
Before Dante can reach Lucifer, Beatrice puts him through the challenges of ten stages of the Malebolge where each depicts the fraudsters throughout history from simple thieves to the false Popes. At the entrance of the ninth and last circle, Treachery, where Dante insists to Beatrice that he has faced all of his sins. Beatrice reminds him that he slaughtered the Saracen prisoners out of anger and that Francesco died taking the blame for it. Realizing (and accepting) that he has sinned beyond redemption, Dante admits that "his place is in Hell and Beatrice's is in Heaven" and asks for Beatrice to forgive him. This act of supreme sacrifice undoes the evil transformation of Beatrice and restores her to her former self. As Dante watches, the Archangel Gabriel descends from Heaven and carries Beatrice's soul away, promising Dante that he will see Beatrice again and that his redemption is close at hand. Journeying through the icy realm of Treachery and fighting his way to Lake Cocytus, Dante finally confronts Lucifer himself, an enormous three-faced demon chained within the frozen lake. After defeating the giant demon, Lucifer reveals that by reaching the final circle, Dante has proved himself worthy of freeing him from his prison. On his journey through the Circles of Hell, Dante had destroyed several enormous chains to proceed, which Lucifer revealed to be the Chains of Judecca, which kept him imprisoned in Lake Cocytus and inside the body of the giant three headed demon. Lucifer emerges from the giant monster in his true form, a horned, satyr-like monster, and battles Dante after revealing that he merely used Beatrice as bait to get Dante to break the chains and free him. Through great struggle, Dante is able to defeat Lucifer and impales him on Death's Scythe. Lucifer then summons the vision of the assassin stabbing Dante in Acre; Dante is horrified to realize he died in Acre and thus cannot leave Hell, which is forbidden by God. Lucifer gleefully reveals that, now free, he will rise from Hell, overthrow God and seize Heaven, eliminating all that is good from the universe forever. But Dante, with the many souls he gained through his trials, absolves himself and re-imprisons Lucifer deeper in the ice once again before being taken to Purgatory by an archangel. Here, Dante sees the freed soul of Beatrice awaiting him in Paradise. The final scene shows Dante at the step of Mount Purgatory ripping the tapestry off of his chest before it disintegrates revealing a snake that slithers away as Lucifer's laugh rings out, implying that Lucifer will make his way to Heaven and take his revenge.
Development.
A playable demo was released for PlayStation 3 on December 10, 2009, and for Xbox 360 on December 24, 2009.
Release.
"Dante's Inferno" was first released across Europe on February 5, 2010. In addition to the standard retail copy of the game, a second limited special edition of the game for both the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 was released alongside known as the "Death Edition". Along with the standard copy of the game, the Death Edition was packaged in a fold out card packaging depicting each circle of hell as well as a second bonus disc that featured a making-of documentary, the documentary "Dante in History", the full soundtrack, a documentary on the creation of the music and audio, a digital art book ("Barlowe's Inferno") edited by visual designer Wayne Barlowe, over 10 minutes of scenes from "", and a digital reprint of the complete original poem in English. The edition also included a voucher containing an online activated code for an additional skin model for Dante, being the space suit of Isaac Clarke, the main character from Visceral’s previous game "Dead Space". The Death Edition was released exclusive to the GAME store in the UK. Another UK retailer, Gamestation, also gave away miniature figurines of Dante to those who pre-ordered the game. The same edition was later released in Australia along with the standard copy on February 15, 2010, exclusive to EB Games.
The game was later released in North America on February 9, 2010. Unlike the Europe and Australia release, a special version called the Divine Edition was released in place of the standard copy for the PlayStation 3 only. Similar to the Death Edition, the "Divine Edition" includes nearly all the same features except the Isaac Clarke costume and the animated scene but instead includes a code for the "Dark Forest" downloadable content, to be released later in March.
Downloadable content.
Upon its release, a series of downloadable content (DLC) game packs were released, each containing an amount of souls, used for purchasing new abilities. The first contained 500 souls and was free of charge while the rest contained 1500, 3000 and 5000 souls and cost a relatively small amount and could only be downloaded once.
The first traditional piece of downloadable content was released a month after release on March 4, entitled "Dark Forest", a prologue level loosely based on the opening of "The Divine Comedy", that sees Dante in a dark forest before meeting Virgil. The content includes two new enemies known as the "Forest Siren" and "Death Knight" and involves a series of puzzles to overcome. In addition to the level, the download also includes an additional "Disco Inferno" costume, a novelty piece in the style of polyester disco fashion wear.
Numerous alternative costumes have also been released, including "Florentine Dante" based on the real life poet Dante Alighieri released on February 18, 2010 and "Animated Film Dante", based on the appearance of the character from "Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic" released on February 25, 2010.
"Trials of St Lucia", released on April 29, 2010, features cooperative gameplay and a game-editor. Players are able to share their created maps and levels with others. The new playable character in this DLC is St. Lucia, a Christian martyr described as Dante's guardian angel.
Marketing.
Before the game's release, "Dante's Inferno" underwent a prominent, at times elaborate marketing campaign led by the game's publisher Electronic Arts. The numerous advertisements highlighted certain sins associated with the circles of hell, at times promoting fake services before accusing the viewer of the sin linked to it.
Electronic Arts partnered with GameStop for a one-day promotion of "Dante's Inferno" on September 9, 2009 (9/9/9). Those that pre-ordered the game were offered a $6.66 discount, the Number of the Beast. In addition, EA conducted an unsolicited mailing in which checks for $200 were sent to selected video game critics, with the following note:
A viral marketing campaign was also launched featuring a website and ad for a fake religious game called "Mass: We Pray", a motion controller-based game supposedly allowing players to engage in an interactive prayer and church sermon. When attempting to order the game, the website deems you a heretic and plays to a trailer for Dante's Inferno, as well as providing links to the related Facebook application called ""Go to Hell"". The application, created by Visceral Games lets users condemn their friends, groups, or photos to one of the nine circles of hell where they can then vote to punish or absolve them, or torment them with activities like "beast massage" or "succubus castration."
Later in October, 2009, EA sent a series of packages to Veronica Belmont at Qore, the "" offices and Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw of the Escapist's Zero Punctuation column. The package contained a small wooden box which, when opened, played the Rick Astley song "Never Gonna Give You Up", thus "Rickrolling" the journalists that received it. The music could not be stopped through any means other than destroying the box using the hammer and goggles provided. After destroying the box, such as Belmont who posted the act on Youtube, a note read that they had given into Wrath as the note then found within the box predicted.
EA produced a commercial for the game that was shown during the 2010 Super Bowl, a fast-paced cinematic of Dante's descent into hell, overplayed by what was considered an unusual use of Bill Withers' song "Ain't No Sunshine". "Time" magazine reporter James Poniewoziek referred to the ad as "something magical and funny." According to EA product manager Phil Marineu, the decision to air the ad was to concentrate on more solid titles that they believe can break through to the masses.
Another secretly fake commercial for the fictional company "Hawk Panther" encouraged viewers to visit the Hawk Panther website in order to be able to steal their best friend's girlfriend. If the link to find out more about the Hawk Panther systems is clicked on a message appears stating, "TREACHERY! Thou are condemned to the 9th Circle. Thou hast broken the bonds of trust with thy kindred. Even conspiring to stealeth thy best friend's soul mate is the worst kind of mortal offense imaginable. You shall pay for thy treachery by spending an eternity immersed up to your face, the place where shame shows itself, in the putrid, frozen waters of Hell." The site also shows a trailer of "Dante's Inferno" and a link to buy the game.
The Facebook application developer Lolapps, Inc. similarly adapted a Facebook role-playing game, "Battle of the Damned", that lets users fight through the nine circles of hell to rescue their murdered and damned wife. It rose nearly 1 million monthly active users in less than a year after launching.
Reception.
Upon its release, "Dante's Inferno" received mixed to positive reviews from critics overall. While there was substantial praise for the art style and level design, numerous critics drew unfavorable comparisons with Sony's popular "God of War" series, among other more fundamental criticisms, such as monotonous and repetitive gameplay in the latter half of the game.
One of the most praised aspects was the game's depiction of Hell, considered creative yet graphic in nature. GamePro found the unique designs of the circle of Hell to be "impressively constructed", getting "a lot of mileage out of the unique setting". While some critics like IGN acknowledged the liberties taken with the original source material, they still observed that "much of what you see is appropriate for a game that tries to explore the extreme nature of Hell and its punishments", calling the overall style "visually impressive". Other critics like GameSpy even found some enemy and setting designs "shocking" yet still could "appreciate that this is Hell, and it's supposed to be disturbing".
However, some reviews felt the creativity waned towards the end of the game, such as GameSpot who felt "Dante's epic quest loses momentum long before you reach the end", praising earlier levels such as Lust and Gluttony yet criticizing the 10 stage challenge level of Fraud and the use of enemies outside of their respective circle. Official PlayStation Magazine UK also echoed this view, saying that the game was "just going through motions for the last three or four hours", despite what it considered to have a "robust fighting system" and being "visually strong".
The most recurring comment over the gameplay of "Dante's Inferno" was its similarities to the "God of War" games. Destructoid felt that being similar to what is regarded as a great game is a positive by stating "You're not going to find a wholly original gameplay experience with Dante's Inferno, but that doesn't mean it's not a hell of an entertaining package - it's one that fans of action shouldn't miss." Eurogamer on the other hand felt the game was "a God of War clone at its core", that while "not a terrible game, it's just not an original one", a view Game Trailers echoed by stating "battles can be engaging, but lack some of the grace and refinement exhibited by games like God of War". While Game Informer also found the gameplay to be too familiar, they did find the additional elements such as the punish/absolve mechanic and usable relics to give "Dante’s Inferno some individuality".
Regarding such similarities, in an interview for "Official PlayStation Magazine UK", "God of War III" director Stig Asmussen instead praised the game, stating "We've been intrigued about Dante's Inferno. This is my favourite genre, and the more people that are making games the better", going on to say "and this is a really rich story they're building on, it's very interesting. The day that the demo came out we were trying to download it on PSN at midnight. We all wanted to see it."
United States NPD Group sales data showed that the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions of "Dante's Inferno" sold 242,500 and 224,700 copies respectively in the month of February 2010. The two editions also debuted together on the UK's top 10 games list for that month.
Criticism.
Prior to "Inferno"'s release, in June 2009, a protest began during E3 2009 in Los Angeles to oppose the game. Around 20 protesters, claiming to be from a church in Ventura County, held up signs that called the game sacrilegious and labeled it possibly insensitive to people's beliefs. Protesters even went as far as calling EA the anti-christ. This led to EA being accused by many people of staging the fiasco to use it as a marketing hoax. A few days later, it was officially confirmed by EA spokesman Tammy Scachter that they had hired people to protest the game and that there was no actual protest. However, in the aftermath of this revelation, several Christian bloggers have protested to this, calling it an "anti-Christian" stunt.
Later, in October 2009, it was announced that the game would include a PlayStation 3 trophy and an Xbox 360 achievement entitled "Bad Nanny", which is awarded to players for killing monsters resembling children, supposedly the lost souls of unbaptized infants. This sparked a conflict with the International Nanny Association (INA), in which they encouraged supporters to oppose the game. The INA claimed that the achievement is offensive to real nannies and that it also promotes real-life violence. In retaliation, the INA asked the Entertainment Software Ratings Board (ESRB) to omit the reward and elements of infant violence. The ESRB insisted that its role was merely to label products appropriately, not to censor them, so their request could not be met. Despite this, the INA still attempted boycotting the game with hope of a change before it was released.
Columbia University Professor Teodolinda Barolini, a former president of the Dante Society of America, criticized the game for its depiction of Beatrice, declaring, “Of all the things that are troubling, the sexualization and infantilization of Beatrice are the worst. Beatrice is the human girl who is dead and is now an agent of the divine. She is not to be saved by him, she is saving him. That’s the whole point! Here, she has become the prototypical damsel in distress. She’s this kind of bizarrely corrupted Barbie doll.” Other reviews of the game include similar comments from professors regarding the characters: "Beatrice saves Dante... not the other way around," says Professor Arielle Saiber, an Italian literature professor at Bowdoin College.
Animated film.
Film Roman, the Starz Entertainment unit behind "" released an animated direct-to-DVD version of the story that was released simultaneously with the video game. The "Dante's Inferno" project had separate anime studios being tapped to create visuals of the nine levels of the Inferno. Starz Entertainment is looking to sell both animated films to international TV buyers at the MIP market. The animation studios that participated in the making of "Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic", in order, are Film Roman, Manglobe, Dong Woo, JM Animation, and Production I.G.. The released movie shows a difference in storyline and has been divided into four different styles.
Sequel.
Since the game ends in a cliffhanger with Dante reaching Mount Purgatory, it was widely speculated that a sequel, based on the second poem in "The Divine Comedy", "Purgatorio" would enter production. Despite this, it was announced that Visceral had no plans for a sequel. However, in November 2011, Joshua Rubin announced that he had been hired as a writer for a video game sequel that was heavily hinted to be a sequel to "Dante's Inferno".
Film.
Universal Studios are developing a live action film based on the video game with "Evil Dead" director Fede Alvarez to direct and produced by Eric Newman and Marc Abraham with EA Entertainment vice president Patrick O’Brien.

</doc>
<doc id="20712789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712789" title="Bukovany (Hodonín District)">
Bukovany (Hodonín District)

Bukovany is a village in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2008 it had a population of 775. The village was first mentioned in 1201.

</doc>
<doc id="20712791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712791" title="Jabberwocky (album)">
Jabberwocky (album)

Jabberwocky is a progressive rock album released in 1999 by British keyboardists Clive Nolan and Oliver Wakeman. It was the first of two albums released by the duo.
Plot.
The album is based on the homonymous poem by Lewis Carroll. It is organised as a cantata, with four singers taking the main roles of The Boy, The Girl, The Jabberwock and The Tree, plus a narrator who reads excerpts of the original poem and a choir that sings fragments taken from the Divina Commedia.

</doc>
<doc id="20712798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712798" title="State-War-Navy Coordinating Committee">
State-War-Navy Coordinating Committee

The State-War-Navy Coordinating Committee (SWNCC, "swink") was a United States federal government committee created in December 1944 to address the political-military issues involved in the occupation of the Axis powers following the end of World War II.
SWNCC was an important precursor to the National Security Council, and represents perhaps the most successful integration of military and civilian assets in the history of U.S. foreign policy. As a result, it has received renewed scrutiny in the wake of the Iraq War as the U.S. government attempts to overhaul its interagency national security system. 
Origins of SWNCC.
During World War II, interagency coordination had been largely informal and mediated by president Roosevelt, but recognizing the need for deeper integration, the Secretary of State, Secretary of War, and Secretary of the Navy began holding weekly meetings to work through shared problems. However, the so-called "Committee of Three" had no specific mandate or authority, and this weakness became apparent as the war moved toward its conclusions and the details of occupation planning began to occupy the various departments. 
As soon as he became Secretary of State, Edward Stettinius sent a letter to War Secretary Henry Stimson and Navy Secretary James Forrestal proposing that they create a jointly managed secretariat to plan the occupations and achieve full integration of U.S. foreign policy. The secretariat was headed by Roosevelt favorite, Assistant Secretary of War John J. McCloy.
Activities.
SWNCC's plans for the occupation of Europe and Japan were aimed at anticipating and addressing the issues that might confront U.S. forces tasked with occupying and running former enemy states. SWNCC brought together the top experts in the U.S. government and the academy to work on all aspects of the plan. 
For instance, one of the key decisions which faced the team – the status of the Emperor of Japan – was studied by academic-turned-bureaucrat Hugh Borton. After the war, when Borton returned to the academy, he observed that his 1943 memo recommending the retention of Hirohito was largely unchanged as it passed through the planning process and subsequent implementation by Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers Douglas MacArthur.
The SWNCC began its activities by reviewing and compiling existing work on occupation strategy, and in many cases summoning the responsible experts to participate in the committee. Within the U.S. government, planning for the occupation of Japan actually predated the attack on Pearl Harbor, so there were significant resources for the newly created organization.
SWNCC in essence took academic and government research and used it to create a detailed set of policies which included the views of the military and civilian bureaucracies and which would be implemented by the military government once it took control.
Institutional practices.
SWNCC consisted of a secretariat which held regular meetings and a number of working groups tasked to address specific problems and present their findings to the committee. Both the working groups and the full committee operated on a strict consensus principle. Any issues which could not be resolved between the participants was advanced to higher levels of leadership. However, it is important to note that of the 750 issues considered by the SWNCC, most were resolved at or below the Assistant Secretary level and only six cases were forwarded to the White House for final decisions. 

</doc>
<doc id="20712834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712834" title="History of flower arrangement">
History of flower arrangement

The history of flower arrangement dates back to ancient Egyptian times. It developed in Egyptian, Chinese, Roman, Greek, Byzantine, and later in European, cultures.
The Ancient Egyptians.
The earliest known flower arranging dates back to ancient Egypt. Egyptians were decorating with flowers as early as 2,500 BCE. They regularly placed cut flowers in vases, and highly stylized arrangements were used during burials, for processions, and simply as table decorations. Illustrations of arranged flowers have been found on Egyptian carved stone reliefs and painted wall decorations.
Flowers were selected according to symbolic meaning, with emphasis on religious significance. The lotus flower or water lily, for example, was considered sacred to Isis and was often included in arrangements. Many other flowers have been found in the tombs of the ancient Egyptians, and garlands of flowers were worn by loved ones and left at the tombs. These included blue scilla, poppy-flowered anemone, "Iris sibirica", delphinium, narcissus, palm tree, papyrus and rose.
The Ancient Greeks and Romans.
The Greeks and the Romans also used flowers. The ancient Greeks used flowers and herbs for adornment. They did not often use vases, focusing instead on garlands and wreaths. They would place plant material, such as olive branches, in terracotta. The leafy branches were probably used for weddings. They also tossed petals onto floors and beds. Like the Egyptians, the Greeks and Romans had preferences for the flowers and foliage they used.
The most popular foliage used by the Greeks and the Romans were acorns, oak leaves, laurel, ivy, bay and parsley. Laurel wreaths were presented to winners of athletic competitions in the ancient Olympics; these wreaths were also awarded to individuals winning competition in poetic meets, while in Rome they symbolized a military victory and crowned the successful commander in honor of his triumph. The garland wreath was a symbol to the Greeks of power, honor, allegiance, dedication; it was awarded in honor of athletes, poets, civic leaders, soldier, and heroes.
The preferred flowers include roses, hyacinths, honeysuckle, violets, and lilies. Other flowers such as tulips, larkspur, and marigolds were also selected for their shape, color, and form.
Wealth and power led the Romans and Greeks to the greater luxury in the use of flowers which, like the Egyptian, were used in religious rites. At banquets, roses were strewn on the floor to a depth of one foot, and the flowers "rained" from the ceiling. The fragrance of so many roses was almost suffocating. The Romans used the roses at many meals and because of its overwhelming fragrance it was known as the "Hour of Rose".
Ancient China.
The Chinese were making flower arrangements as far back as 207 BCE to 220 CE, in the Han era of ancient China. Flowers were an integral component of religious teaching and medicine.
Practitioners of Buddhism, Taoism, and Confucianism placed cut flowers on their altars, a practice which dates back to 618-906 CE. They created paintings, carvings, and embroidered items with depictions of flowers. The paintings can be found on vases, plates, scrolls, and silk, while carvings were done on wood, bronze, jade and ivory.
Buddhist teachings forbade the taking of a life, so religious practitioners worked sparingly when taking cuttings from plants. Flowers and leaves that were used to make basket arrangements were selected based on their symbolic meaning. For example, the bamboo, the peach tree, and the pear tree symbolized longevity. The tiger lily, the pomegranate, and the orchid symbolized fertility. The most honored of all flowers was the peony. Considered the “king of flowers”, it symbolized wealth, good fortune, and high status.
During the period 500CE to 1453CE, the Byzantine Empire made its contribution to floral arrangements, which typically included a cone shape design. The foliage was placed in chalices and urns, which were further decorated with brightly colored flowers and fruit. Flowers commonly included in these arrangements were daisies, lilies, cypress, carnations, and pine. Ribbons were also commonly used, and leaves and tiny flowers were set in arching lines to give an twisted effect to garlands.
Flower arranging reaches Europe.
Flower arranging arrived in Europe around 1000 CE, and was particularly popular in churches and monasteries where flowers and plants were used for food as well as for decoration. As crusaders came back from the Middle East, they brought with them new and interesting plants. As a result, European countries began experimenting with plants that were previously unknown to them.
MIDDLE AGES ("AD 476-1400")
During this era, monks were known for having gardens with herbs and wildflowers. In the later part of the Gothic period flowers reached a more dominant role, such as flowers beginning to blossom in altar pictures, manuscripts, and paintings.
An important aspect of the monastery plan was to include a medicinal herb garden, which would “furnish the physician with the pharmaceutical products needed for his cures. A dependence on the power of herbs. without reference to their Creator was regarded as improper for a Christian” [12. Because God “causes herbs to grow,” their medical utility is fundamentally spiritual . In addition, many plants were used by monks and Christians in general in sacred rituals and ceremonies. They often had association and appealed to spiritual bases as well as physical effects in medical care.
RENAISSANCE("AD 1400-1600")
The flower design started in Italy and grew through Europe. Paintings of impressive floral arrangements in vases were popular. Fruit blossoms and leaves were woven into garlands to decorate walls and vaulted ceilings, and petals were piled into baskets or strewn on the floors, streets, or allowed to float down from balconies.
BAROQUE PERIOD ("AD 1600-1775")
At the beginning of this period floral designs were symmetrical and oval-shaped, with asymmetric crescents and S-shapes becoming popular later on.
DUTCH–FLEMISH PERIOD ("AD 1600-1750")
Unlike the Baroque period the arrangements of the Dutch-Flemish period were more compact and proportioned. The major characteristic of this period was the variety of flowers within the bouquet.
FRENCH PERIOD (AD 1600-1814)
During the French Baroque period, feminine appeal became a major characteristic of floral design. Arrangements were asymmetrical using the C-crescent or the S-shape. In the empire period they used simple lines in triangle shapes and strong colour contrast. The typical empire design would be arranged in an urn containing an abundance of large richly coloured flowers.
ENGLISH–GEORGIAN PERIOD ("AD 1714 -1760")
The designs in this period were formal and symmetrical and often tightly arranged with a variety of flowers. Oriental design became influential due to active trading. At the end of the period the designs became more informal due to the fact that the fragrance of the flowers, which were believed to rid the air of diseases, became more important. Small, handheld arrangements called nosegays or tussie-mussies were used to carry sweet scents, and also helped mask the odors of society where bathing was often believed to be unhealthy.
VICTORIAN PERIOD ("AD 1820-1901")
Flowers were considered fashionable in this period. Although in this era flowers were poorly proportioned, large mass flowers were placed tightly into containers to create compact arrangements that were asymmetrical and massed tightly. There was no definite style, but many different flowers and colours almost made the arrangement look unplanned. The tussie-mussie bouquets were still serving to eliminate odors. At the end of this period attempts were made to set up rules for a proper arranging of flowers, which is when it became an artful skill or profession.
The Italian Renaissance helped to give an extra spark to the art of flower arranging in Europe. It was during this time period that a wide variety of arrangement styles began to develop. By the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, flower arrangements were commonplace and a wide variety of materials were used to make containers, including marble, heavy Venetian glass, and bronze.
Flower arrangements made during this time introduced a whole new element - the usage of tropical fruits. These arrangements also focused on creating colour contrast. Some of the popular flowers included the Lilium Candidum (or Madonna Lily, used as a symbol for fertility and chastity), narcissus, pinks, iris, jasmine, pansies, French marigolds, cornflowers, and rosemary.

</doc>
<doc id="20712840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712840" title="Church of San Lorenzo, Toledo">
Church of San Lorenzo, Toledo

The San Lorenzo is a church in Toledo, Spain. It was built on the site of a mosque dating from the first half of the 11th century In 1121 the church is mentioned for the first time, as the Mozarabic parish church dedicated to San Lorenzo. In the 18th century the San Lorenzo was reconstructed on a larger scale. In 1936, due to a fire, it was reduced to ruins. Only the walls and the tower survived.

</doc>
<doc id="20712850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712850" title="Rathlin Island Massacre">
Rathlin Island Massacre

The Rathlin Island Massacre took place on Rathlin Island (off the coast of Northern Ireland) on 26 July 1575, when more than 600 men, women and children were murdered by occupying English forces. 
Sanctuary attacked.
Rathlin Island was used as a sanctuary because of its natural defences and rocky shores; when the wind blows from the west, in earlier times it was almost impossible to land. It was also respected as a hiding place, as it was the one-time abode of St. Columba. Installing themselves in the castle built in the 14th century by the Scottish King Robert the Bruce, the MacDonnells made Rathlin their base for resistance to the Enterprise of Ulster. Sorley Boy and other Scots also thought it prudent to send their wives, children, aged and sick to the Island for safety. 
Acting on the instructions of Sir Henry Sidney and the Earl of Essex, Sir Francis Drake and Sir John Norreys took the castle by storm. Drake used two cannons to batter the castle and when the walls gave through, Norreys ordered direct attack on 25 July. The Captain was killed and Constable of the garrison surrendered. Norreys was very tough in settling the terms of surrender. The Constable, his family and one of the hostages were given safe passage and all other defending soldiers were killed. Next morning, on 26th, Norreys' forces started hunting others who were hiding in the nearby caves. Despite the castle's surrender, they killed all the 200 defenders, as well as more than 400 civilian men, women and children. The people killed were families of followers of Sorley Boy MacDonnell. Sir Francis Drake was also charged with the task of preventing any Scottish reinforcement vessels reaching the Island.The entire family of Sorley Boy MacDonnell perished in the massacre. Essex, who ordered the killings, boasted in a letter to Walsingham that Sorley Boy MacDonnell watched the massacre from the mainland helplessly and was "likely to run mad from sorrow".
Aftermath.
Norreys stayed on the Island and tried to rebuild the walls of castle. However, as nobody paid Drake to defend the island he departed with his ships; Norreys realised that it was not possible to defend the island without intercepting Scottish galleys and he returned to Carrickfergus in September 1575.

</doc>
<doc id="20712862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712862" title="Mickie Henson">
Mickie Henson

Mickie Jay Henson (born 1963) is an American professional wrestling referee. Before signing with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in 2005, Henson worked for World Championship Wrestling (WCW) for nine years. Once signing with WWE, he worked for its farm territory, Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), before he began officiating matches on WWE television.
Professional wrestling career.
Florida Championship Wrestling.
Henson refereed his first match in 1987. He broke into the business with the help of Steve Keirn, Mike Graham, and Gordon Solie in Florida Championship Wrestling. According to Henson, “My first match was in Orlando, Fla., at the Eddie Graham Sports Complex. I think it’s been turned into apartment buildings now. The match was between Bob Cook and a young Mike Awesome. I wasn’t really all that nervous. I had watched it on television forever. I paid attention to the referees, and when I got out there I kind of just fell into it. I was lucky enough to learn from some of the best workers of the time like Dick Slater and Mike Graham so it was pretty easy to catch on.”
World Championship Wrestling (1992–2001).
Jim Crockett Promotions eventually took over the area and Henson began refereeing in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 1992. Henson refereed the main event at Starrcade in 1998 between WCW Champion Goldberg and Kevin Nash, which Nash won.
When Vince Mcmahon bought WCW in March 2001, Henson was out of a job.
World Wrestling Entertainment (2005–2009).
After he was signed by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in 2005 he was placed on the "Raw" brand officiating matches, such as the John Cena versus Kurt Angle WWE Championship match at Survivor Series in 2005 and the Hardcore match between Edge and Mick Foley at WrestleMania 22.
He continued to officiate matches on "Raw" for nine months until 2006 when he was moved over to the newly established ECW brand. He made his debut for the brand on July 18 edition, officiating a match between Mike Knox and The Sandman, as well as the main event ECW World Championship match between The Big Show and The Undertaker. He was named the ECW brand head official shortly after. Despite moving to SmackDown in February 2007, he was featured as the only ECW brand referee in "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008".
In February 2007, Mickie Henson was moved to the SmackDown brand and later became its head official. In late-2008, WWE made the decision to have universal referees, in which referees were to appear on every brand, which included Henson. He was then pulled off the road in 2008 due to health issues. On January 14, 2009, Henson was released from his contract with WWE.
Personal life.
Henson has stated that, outside of the ring, he likes to go fishing. He has lived in Key West, Florida for about 16 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20712865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712865" title="Chesters estate">
Chesters estate

Chesters is a country estate near Ancrum, located on the banks of the River Teviot in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland. The estate includes a listed house, gardens and extensive grounds. National Grid Reference NT 60842 22512.
The house was built by Thomas Ogilvie who purchased the estate in 1787. By 1790 it had been re- designed by local Borders architect William Eliot for Ovilvie.
In 2008 and 2011 the house appeared in episodes of the Channel 4 television series "Country House Rescue", starring Ruth Watson.

</doc>
<doc id="20712870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712870" title="Ted Smith (art director)">
Ted Smith (art director)

Ted Smith (June 14, 1886 – June 19, 1949) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Smith was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20712882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712882" title="Kwesi Appiah">
Kwesi Appiah

Kwesi Appiah (born 12 August 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Notts County on loan from Crystal Palace as a striker.
Born in Thamesmead, London, Appiah is a product of the Ebbsfleet United PASE youth system, and graduated to the first team in August 2008. He scored his first goal for the club with his first touch after coming on as a substitute against Woking on 20 September 2008.
Appiah missed training in October and after leaving the ground, he failed to report back to the club. His disappearance was explained in October, when League One team Peterborough United announced the signing of Appiah, on a three and a half-year deal. The matter was reported to The Football Association, as it was reported in breach of regulations. On 15 December it was reported that the FA had decided that the approach made for Appiah by Peterborough was "not proven" and so no ruling could be made.
Appiah was loaned out back to the Conference with Weymouth in February 2009 and made his debut in a 2–0 defeat to York City. He suffered from an ankle ligament injury that ruled him out of a game against Altrincham, but returned for the 5–0 defeat to Burton Albion. He returned to Peterborough on 20 March. He spent time at Northern Premier League side King's Lynn in 2009, where he played 9 games scoring 9 goals, including a hat-trick against Durham City in a 11–0 win. Next joining Kettering Town on a month's loan on 19 January 2010.
Appiah joined Southern Football League Premier Division side Brackley Town for the 2010–11 season. Appiah then signed a two-year deal with Isthmian League Premier Division side Margate on 25 July 2011. After his great run of form this attracted a number of professional clubs and on 16 January 2012, he was linked with a move to Blackpool, when he claimed Margate had agreed a deal with "the Seasiders" and stated that he was due to travel to Blackpool for talks with manager, but he later rejected the move as he preferred to move to London. Appiah left Margate having scored 35 goals in 34 games for the club.
On 31 January 2012, he agreed his second professional deal to play for Crystal Palace. On 28 January 2013, Appiah joined Football League One side Yeovil Town on a month's loan deal. He made his first appearance for Yeovil in the 2–1 win over MK Dons, coming on in the second half as a substitute for Matthew Dolan.
Appiah returned to the Football Conference on 13 September 2013 when he signed on a one-month loan deal for the then league leaders Cambridge United.
Appiah scored his first Cambridge goal in a 3-0 win over Nuneaton on September 24 and followed it with the equaliser in a 1-1 draw away at Wrexham and the winner against Hereford in the next two games. Having missed a penalty in a 0-0 stalemate against Chester, he atoned with both goals in the 2-0 win over Salisbury that maintained Cambridge United's six-point lead at the top of the Football Conference on October 19. Appiah had earlier confirmed the loan deal had been extended by a further month via his Twitter account.
Appiah scored further goals against Aldershot, Barnet (2) and Macclesfield (2) in November, leading Cambridge manager Richard Money to express his eagerness to re-sign Appiah on loan in the January transfer window.
On 21 January 2014, Kwesi joined Notts County on a one-month emergency loan.

</doc>
<doc id="20712899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712899" title="Purdue University College of Pharmacy">
Purdue University College of Pharmacy

The College of Pharmacy is one of eight major academic divisions, or "Colleges", of Purdue University. It was established in 1884, and is the 3rd oldest state-funded school of pharmacy in the nation. The school has consistently ranked highly among its peer institutions. 
The school offers two undergraduate programs leading to the B.S. in Pharmaceutical Sciences (BSPS) and the Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D.) professional degree. Graduate programs leading to M.S. and Ph.D. degrees are offered in three departments (Industrial and Physical Pharmacy, Medicinal Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, and Pharmacy Practice). Additionally, the school offers several non-degree certificate programs and post-graduate continuing education activities.
The majority of professional degree classes are conducted in the Robert E. Heine Pharmacy Building, which opened in 1970. The building is home to research laboratories, the Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences Library and the Purdue Pharmacy.
Departments.
The School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences consists of three "Departments":
History.
In the summer of 1883, Purdue's 4th president James H. Smart was conversing with his friend, John N. Hurty, in Hurty's Indianapolis drugstore. Hurty brought up the idea that it would be a good idea for Purdue University (founded 14 years earlier) to offer courses to train students as pharmacists. It is said that Smart agreed, and would fight for the establishment of a pharmacy school at Purdue as long as Hurty served as professor for at least two years. Hurty accepted, and in September 1884, classes began with seven students. Hurty was well-qualified for the position. Having completed courses at the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy, Indianapolis College of Pharmacy (acquired by Butler University in 1904), attended lectures at Jefferson Medical College in 1872, and graduated from the Medical College of Indiana (acquired by Indiana University in 1908) in 1881, his background was likely influential in establishing the scientific rigor that characterized the new curriculum (at the time, a unique quality in pharmacy education).
In 1884 a two year School of Pharmacy was founded. The School of Nursing began as a program in 1963 and was incorporated as a department into the Purdue University College of Technology in 1964. In 1979 the School of Health Sciences was formed under the newly organized Schools of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences. In 2005 this group was renamed the College of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences. Five years later, the Schools of Nursing and Health Sciences became part of the new College of Health and Human Sciences, leaving the College of Pharmacy with its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="20712914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712914" title="Ted Smith">
Ted Smith

Ted Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20712934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712934" title="Pearleye">
Pearleye

The pearleyes are a family, Scopelarchidae, of aulopiform fishes, distinguished by their unique visual system, with two retinas in each eye.
They are small to medium fish, ranging in size from just in adult length to in length, depending on species. They have a similar appearance to lizardfishes, with a large mouth, numerous teeth, and a forked tail. The dorsal fin is located in the middle of the back, with a small adipose fin.
Like many other deep-sea fish, their eyes are telescopic, allowing them to see in near darkness. However, unlike any other fishes, their eyes also possess a "pearl organ"; a white spot on the surface of the eye that may help to pick up light from the side of the fish, out of the normal visual field. The pearl organ is associated with a secondary retina, allowing the fish an unusually wide field of view.
Pearleyes typically live between , although some species may visit shallower waters during the night.

</doc>
<doc id="20712947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712947" title="Osmaston Hall">
Osmaston Hall

Osmaston Hall was built in 1696 in extensive grounds of what is now Osmaston, a part of Derby. The house was the home of the Wilmot baronets, and the Fox family before being used for a golf club and railway business. The house was demolished in 1938.
History.
Osmaston Hall was built in 1696 in brick and stone for Robert Wilmot, High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1689. Robert had the house rebuilt in 1702 and during the eighteenth century there were further additions and changes to not only the house but also its gardens and the extensive grounds. The Wilmot family were based at this house until the marriage of Sir Robert Wilmot-Horton, 3rd Baronet to Anne Beatrix Horton, the heiress of Catton Hall in 1823, whereupon the Wilmot family conjoined Horton to its name and changed its main residence. Notable members of the Wilmot family associated with the house not only include the first three Wilmot baronets of Osmaston but also Sir John Eardley Wilmot who rose to be Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas.
Its grounds covered and included a small lake. The Wilmot family lived on the estate for almost 200 years. Before it was purchased in 1890 by the Midland Railway Company it contained a fine art collection which included numerous paintings. The house and gardens were reportedly sold for £86,000. At the time of the purchase the hall was the home of the Reverend Sir George Lewis Wilmot-Horton, Bart. (who died in 1887).
It was the home to William Darwin Fox who was a second cousin and close friend of Charles Darwin who stayed at the hall. The Fox family were renting the house from the owner Sir Robert Wilmot, Bart.
In October 1892 the hall was the location of a nine-hole golf course and was the home of the 120-member Derbyshire Golf Club. Within six years there were nearly 200 members including several notable gentry. Although the hall offered a home, the club obtained a course at Littleover.
After the departure of the golf club, the Midland Railway used the building as a document store. The London, Midland and Scottish Railway continued to use the hall as a store until they had the building, the adjoining farm and stables demolished in 1938. The grounds were purchased by Derby City Council in 1946-7. Today the grounds are occupied by the Ascot Drive Industrial estate in Derby, although Osmaston Park still shows a green outlook.

</doc>
<doc id="20712953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712953" title="Michael McGovern (actor)">
Michael McGovern (actor)

Michael McGovern is an American actor. He formerly lived for several years in Manhattan, where he performed Off Broadway, but currently resides in the Park South area of Albany, New York.
Career.
McGovern's first role was that of a sailor in "Captain Nemo and the Underwater City".
McGovern also played an FBI agent in the pilot of "Numb3rs" and a reporter in "Mystic River". He is primarily known for his gangster and attorney roles in such television shows as "Kidnapped", "The Black Donnellys" and "Against the Law"
McGovern is also a singer-songwriter who has performed as a guitarist.

</doc>
<doc id="20712972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20712972" title="John Cowell">
John Cowell

John Cowell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20713010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713010" title="John McLaughlin discography">
John McLaughlin discography

The following is a John McLaughlin discography, grouped by albums released under his name, the Miles Davis albums which he played on, albums from his group Mahavishnu Orchestra, his group Shakti, and albums where he is a session player on other artist's releases.

</doc>
<doc id="20713015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713015" title="The Landmark (Abu Dhabi)">
The Landmark (Abu Dhabi)

The Landmark is a postmodern supertall skyscraper in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. The mixed-use project stands tall with 72 floors above ground and five basement levels. The skyscraper was completed in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20713029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713029" title="Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Act">
Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Act

The Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Act, officially known as the Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Act, 2001, is a conservation plan for land situated on or near the Oak Ridges Moraine in Ontario, Canada. The legislation was enacted by the Government of Ontario in 2001.
The primary purpose of the legislation is to protect the ecological and hydrological integrity of the Oak Ridges Moraine. The legislation was passed by the Legislative Assembly of Ontario on 13 December 2001, and received Royal Assent the next day. The government also released the Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Plan regulation, which defined land use and planning policies consistent with the Act, and assigned interim directors to the new Oak Ridges Moraine Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20713043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713043" title="Tony Field (footballer born 1942)">
Tony Field (footballer born 1942)

Anthony 'Tony' Field (born 23 May 1942, Chester) is a former English footballer who played as a forward.
Fields made two appearances for Chester in The Football League late in the 1960–61 season, having been a product of the club's youth system. These proved to be his only first-team outings for the club and he moved to Southport but did not add any more league appearances to his name.

</doc>
<doc id="20713065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713065" title="Table Rock (Ada County, Idaho)">
Table Rock (Ada County, Idaho)

Table Rock is a mountain pillar located just south-east of downtown Boise, Idaho, United States in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains; an illuminated 60-foot cross at its summit (3,629 ft) has been the subject of a lawsuit involving the separation of church and state (the cross itself stands on four square feet of land bought by the Jaycees for $100 in 1972, hence it stands on private property). A prominent local landmark, it is a popular spot for day hiking from the Old Idaho State Penitentiary which offers easy access to panoramic views of the Treasure Valley and the Owhyee Mountains as well as the Boise Foothills themselves.
History.
The history of cross that stands on top of Table Rock has had a volatile 60 plus year history.
The controversy began in the 1956 when the Junior Chamber of Commerce, or Jaycees, built the cross on what was then Department of Correction land. At the time the Department of Correction owned a 109-acre tract that included the bluff of Table Rock.
On June 10, 1970, the Jaycees submitted a requested the Board of Correction for the purchase a 44-foot-by-70-foot parcel of land that would surround the land around the cross.
On June 25, 1971, the Correction Board deemed the desired land surplus and turned it over to the Idaho Department of Lands. Idaho Board of Land Commissioners records reveal that because the requested land was on the very edge of Table Rock’s ledge, the Board of Correction did not feel it would negatively impact the surrounding state owned land.
Sale of the land was the responsibility of the Land Board. In November 1971 an auction was held for the sale of the land with the appraised price of $100.00. The sale of the land was advertised in the The Idaho Statesman weekly for a period of six weeks. The Jaycees and a man named Paul Kimball signed up as bidders, though Kimball did not actually place a bid.
The land was sold to the Jaycees for $100.00. From then on the cross has been considered to be on private property.
On December 16, 1994, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) penned a letter to the Land Board asserting the sale of the parcel of land was both unconstitutional and a violation of state law. The letter stated the Land Board had taken the liberty of refusing bids other than the Jaycee’s. It also accused the Land Board of restricting media coverage, which they claimed had left the general public in the dark. In March 1995 Land Board members voted and rejected the ACLU’s request to void the sale.
Controversy escalated in November 1999 when (self-described) atheist human rights activist Rob Sherman gave a speech at BSU claiming the Jaycees were a “bunch of criminals” and threatened action to bring the cross down. The dispute resulted in over 10,000 people participating in a march from the Boise Depot to the Statehouse to save the Table Rock cross.
REFERENCES: The Idaho Statesman, November 28, 1999. "Cross Parcel Sold Surplus" by Tim Jackson, and The Idaho Statesman, December 5, 1999. "Outside Treat Spurs Thousands to Stand Up for Table Rock Cross" by Dan Popkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20713076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713076" title="Teresa Coady">
Teresa Coady

Teresa Coady (born July 1956) is a Canadian architect and the former president and founding partner of the Vancouver, British Columbia-based architecture firm B+H BuntingCoady (now part of B+H Architects). She is a member of the Canadian Chapter of the International Initiative for a Sustainabie Built Environment and a member of the United Nations Environment Programme Advisory Board.
Life and career.
Teresa Coady received her degree in Architecture in 1983 from the University of British Columbia. She is best known for her architectural work in the area of sustainability and energy-efficient design. In 1993, Teresa Coady and Tom Bunting founded Bunting Coady Architects; the practice was renamed in 2010 to B+H BuntingCoady Architects Inc. Coady completed two years of engineering and received a bachelor of fine arts prior to pursuing a masters degree in Architecture.
The statement “We create Living, Breathing Buildings”, which is trademarked by B+H BuntingCoady, developed from Coady’s master thesis entitled "The Living Breathing Building". Coady sites her thesis project "The Living Breathing Building" as the mechanism though which her architectural values came to light. While her thesis was initially rejected for being ‘not architectural’, the principles associated with the phrase “Living, Breathing Buildings” became the founding values upon which Bunting Coady Architects was initially created and upon which B+H BuntingCoady operates. 
Coady believes that architecture is the means through which humans express cultural values and through which humans can prepare themselves for the future. The creation of architecture, for Coady, can have an enormous impact on the planet:
In her opinion, the concept of “Living, Breathing Building” is synonymous with a move away from the notion that buildings should be built as machines for inhabitation and towards biomimetics (the art and science of using nature and natural systems as the source of inspiration for creating buildings and building systems). A “Living, Breathing Building”, according to Coady, is a building that imitates nature and enhances the environment.
The B+H BuntingCoady Integrated Design Process.
Teresa Coady is also known for her involvement in the creation and development of the building method utilized by B+H BuntingCoady and referred to as the ‘integrated design process’ (IDP). The B+H BuntingCoady Integrated Design Process is composed of a series of steps that, according to Coady: “(work) anywhere, anytime on any kind of building”. The phases of this IDP process include: Orientation and Massing Site Design and Water, Envelope, Ventilation, Lighting and Power, Heating and Cooling, Materials, Life-cycle costing, Quality Assurance.
Non-Architectural Work.
Teresa Coady is actively involved in the Vancouver Cherry Blossom Festival. The festival encourages the world to visit and celebrate the phenomenon of the massive cherry tree bloom annually every spring in Vancouver.
Individual Awards and Recognition.
Teresa Coady was selected as winner of the “Bell Trailblazer” category for the 2008 RBC Canadian Woman Entrepreneur Awards (CWEA). Coady was selected for this award (as described by "AIArchitect This Week" March 13, 2009), “for (her) outstanding leadership within her company and business sector” and because “her work is pioneering new ways of creating mainstream architecture that turns away from mechanistic systems to harnessing the ‘natural intelligence’ of buildings for sustainable and energy-efficient designs”.
In 1999, Coady was awarded the YWCA Woman of Distinction Award; an award that honours “women whose outstanding achievements contribute to the well-being and future of (the) community.” She was also included in the 10th Annual Profit W100 list of Canada’s Top Women Entrepreneurs (Published November 2008).
United Nations Environment Programme.
In May 2011, Coady was elected to the 2011 UNEP-SBCI Advocacy Committee.
She attended the 2011 UNEP-SBCI Annual General Meeting and Symposium on Sustainable Buildings in Leverkusen, Germany on May 23–24, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20713101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713101" title="Tony Field">
Tony Field

Tony Field may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20713104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713104" title="Kelvinside Hillhead Parish Church, Glasgow">
Kelvinside Hillhead Parish Church, Glasgow

Kelvinside Hillhead Parish Church is a parish church of the Church of Scotland, serving the Hillhead and Kelvinside areas of Glasgow, Scotland. It is within the Church of Scotland's Presbytery of Glasgow.
History.
Hillhead expanded rapidly during the second half of the 19th century, especially following the relocation of the University of Glasgow to Gilmorehill in the 1870s. The Church of Scotland responded by constructing a temporary church in a field in front of what is now Athole Gardens in Hillhead. This corrugated iron church was opened in 1871. 
The congregation soon outgrew the temporary building and a decision to construct a permanent church was taken. Finding a suitable site was problematic, partly due to old mineworkings, but the new church was opened on 8 October 1876. At first, the congregation operated under the supervision of the Kirk Session of Govan Old Parish Church, but in 1882 became a "quoad sacra" parish with its own Kirk Session (i.e. a parish for church purposes, but not a civil parish for local government purposes).
Other churches were also constructed nearby. These included Belmont Church, which united with Hillhead Parish Church in 1950. In 1978, Belmont and Hillhead Parish Church united with Kelvinside (Botanic Gardens) Church, becoming the present Kelvinside Hillhead Parish Church (and using the old Hillhead Parish Church buildings in Observatory Road).
The former Kelvinside Church building was subsequently converted into the "Òran Mór" restaurant, entertainment and music venue, with the ceiling design by the noted Glaswegian writer and artist Alasdair Gray. [http://www.oran-mor.co.uk]
Building.
The building was designed by the architect James Sellar and completed in 1876. It is modelled on the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris. The church is located in Observatory Road, Hillhead. It is a Category A listed building.
Ministry.
The church is currently without a permanent minister, but Rev Dr Doug Gay, Principal of Trinity College and a Lecturer in Practical Theology at the University of Glasgow is serving as Locum.

</doc>
<doc id="20713107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713107" title="Armando Salas">
Armando Salas

Armando Salas, born January 30, 1946 in Ortigueira, is a Galician cartoonist.
Armando Salas is one of the first cartoonists to bring eroticism to Spanish publications in the form of semi-nude girls, tempered with irony and sarcasm during the dictatorship of General Francisco Franco. During this era in 1967, he began drawing professionally for the news-magazine "Diez Minutos", and for "Comics Camp" and "Comics In", a fanzine dedicated to the study of comics where he created "Saturday", an ironic take on "Sunday", a popular comics character created by Víctor de la Fuente. Around 1970, he contributed editorial cartoons to the daily "Pueblo", and he also joined the staff of the daily El Correo Gallego and the magazine "Doblon". That same year he started contributing on the TV journal "Todo Television", and he also created a syndicated panel series, "Don Teleneco", in which he satirized "couch potatoes". He began working for the daily El Diario de Ferrol in 1972, and a year later he contributed cartoons to Heraldo Español, in the province of Aragon.
He created his most well-known series, "El Eden", for the Spanish comics magazine El Globo. It was renamed "Adan" for publication in book form. This Spanish cartoon series was a satirical view of Adam and Eve, in which Eve, a blonde in the Marilyn Monroe mold, appeared in a bikini. While working in several mediums, he also created another cartoon series, "Jauja y Colas." And another series came in 1981: "Merlina", about a female wizard who was beautiful, sexy and "ready for anything." Less than six months later Merlina was also published in book form.
Armando Salas has published over 40,000 artworks during his career. In 2005 he was awarded the international prize Curuxa De Honra, given by the Museum of Humor in Fene, in Galicia, Spain. Several of his cartoons can be found at this museum. He was also the author of the poster-tribute to Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya. Nowadays this poster is distributed worldwide by Reporters without Borders. Salas is listed in the World Encyclopedia of Cartoons by Maurice Horn. Chelsea House Publishers (Philadelphia). May 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20713109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713109" title="IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society">
IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society

The IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society (MTT-S) is the largest technical profession society for the promotion of the theory and applications of RF, microwave, millimeter-wave, and terahertz technologies. The MTT-S has over 10,000 worldwide professional members in academia, industry and government laboratories. It was founded in 1952 and has over 170 local chapters. MTT-S is one of 45 technical societies and councils of the IEEE.
Field of Interest.
The MTT-S’ field of interest is "microwave theory, techniques and applications" of RF, microwave, guided wave, and wireless technologies, as they relate to components, devices, circuits, transmission lines, and systems involving the generation, modulation, demodulation, control, transmission, detection and effects of electromagnetic signals. It shall include scientific, technical, and industrial activities.
MTT-S members apply physical and mathematical principles to design, analyze and build structures with dimensions representing a significant fraction of a wavelength or when propagation effects need to be considered.
Major Microwave Conferences sponsored by MTT-S.
Additional MTT-S sponsored conferences
Technical Committees.
MTT-S has 26 technical committees supporting communities of specialization within MTT-S. These technical committees work with the publications and conferences to organizing and support activities for their communities. 

</doc>
<doc id="20713110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713110" title="Blah Blah Blah (Blahzay Blahzay album)">
Blah Blah Blah (Blahzay Blahzay album)

Blah, Blah, Blah, from 1996, is the first and only full-length studio album by Brooklyn hip-hop group Blahzay Blahzay.

</doc>
<doc id="20713140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713140" title="Deutsch-Amerikanisches Zentrum/James F. Byrnes Institute">
Deutsch-Amerikanisches Zentrum/James F. Byrnes Institute

The Deutsch-Amerikanisches Zentrum/James-F.-Byrnes-Institut (English "German American Centre/James F. Byrnes Institute") in Stuttgart, Germany was founded in 1995 as the successor institution to the Stuttgart "Amerika Haus", which was closed that year. The Institute’s goal is to foster German-American relations through cultural and other programs. The Byrnes-Institut’s programs are open to the public.
The DAZ is a non-profit, bi-national institution, supported by the State Government of Baden-Württemberg and the City of Stuttgart, provides information on social, cultural, political, and economic issues in both countries. This includes lectures, seminars, and discussions held in either German or English, musical events, films and exhibitions. 
In addition, a (small) library has information on educational stays in the U.S. (high school, university, au pair, internships/short-term employment, etc.). Moreover, the Institute arranges programs in cooperation with German-American organizations and other cultural institutions in the greater Stuttgart area and beyond. 
The Institute is organized as an association in which, in addition to the State of Baden-Württemberg and the City of Stuttgart, the Universities of Hohenheim and Stuttgart, the Fachhochschulen of Baden-Württemberg, German-American organizations, the U.S. Embassy in Germany as well as private persons and corporations are represented.

</doc>
<doc id="20713156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713156" title="Daniel Hershkowitz">
Daniel Hershkowitz

Daniel Hershkowitz (; born 2 January 1953, Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli politician, mathematician and rabbi. He previously served as a professor of mathematics at the Technion and is also rabbi of the Ahuza neighborhood in Haifa. He was appointed president of Bar-Ilan University in 2013.
Biography.
Hershkowitz earned his BSc in 1973, MSc in 1976, and DSc in 1982, all from the Technion. His yeshiva studies were conducted at Mercaz Harav; he received his "Semikha" (ordination) in 1995 from Rabbis She'ar Yashuv Cohen, Shlomo Chelouche and Nehemyah Roth, as well as an additional ordination "Rabbi of the City" from the Chief Rabbinate of Israel (2001).
He has published over 80 mathematics articles in academic journals. He was President of the "International Linear Algebra Society" (2002-2008), and was previously a Professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. In 1982 he was awarded the Landau Research Prize in Mathematics; in 1990, the New England Academic Award for Excellence in Research; in 1990, the Technion’s Award for Excellence in Teaching; and in 1991, the Henri Gutwirth Award for Promotion of Research.
Political career.
In 2009 he was elected to the Knesset as the leader of the Jewish Home, and was appointed Minister of Science and Technology after joining Benjamin Netanyahu's government. He did not contest the 2013 elections and subsequently left the Knesset.

</doc>
<doc id="20713169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713169" title="George Sawley">
George Sawley

George Sawley (18 June 1904 – 26 April 1967) was an American set decorator and art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Kansas and died in Los Angeles, California.
Selected filmography.
Sawley was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20713191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713191" title="Wabagai">
Wabagai

Wabagai is a town in Thoubal district in Manipur, India. It is located on the bank to the Sekmai river.
Geography.
Wabagai is located at . It has an average elevation of 778  metres (2555 feet). It is located 39 km to the south east from Imphal.
Education.
Wabagai Higher secondary school is the oldest and famous school in and around the town. It is a co-educational in structure. Courses run from standard VI to XII. Medium of instruction is Manipuri.
Transportation.
Mayai Lambi road, state highway connects the Imphal with the national highway no 39 at Kakching through Wabagai. Wabagai connects with Sugunu by Wabagai-Sugunu road.
Agriculture.
Paddy (Rice) is the main crop grown all around the town. Wabagai is famous for the production of cabbage and cauliflower in Manipur. Small scale poultry and piggery farmings are also seen here.
Shoping Centre.
Wabagai Lamkhai is the main shopping centre in Wabagai. Agricultural commodities especially fruits and vegetables are very famous here. It is very busy during the morning hours as the export of the vegetable and other agricultural commodities to the other parts of the Manipur are done during this time.
Music.
People of Wabagai loves music. Many famous singers are also associated from this place. Baby Pusparani, a singer of modern manipuri song is from Wabagai.
Politics.
Wabagai assembly constituency (Assembly Constituency No. 36) is part of Outer Manipur (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20713192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713192" title="German Dharmaduta Society">
German Dharmaduta Society

The German Dharmaduta Society was founded by Asoka Weeraratna, on 21 September 1952.
History.
The idea of forming a Society to propagate Buddhism in Germany and other western countries dawned on Asoka Weeraratna, then a young businessman dealing in jewellery and Swiss wristwatches, while he was on his first business visit to Germany in 1951. Asoka Weeraratna became aware of the growing hunger in Germany, which was slowly recovering from total devastation in the Second World War, for an alternative moral and spiritual philosophy, that placed a very high emphasis on peace and non-violence. On his return from West Germany and convinced of the potential for growth of Buddhism in that country, Weeraratna established the Lanka Dhammaduta Society on the 21st of September, 1952, which was later renamed the German Dharmaduta Society. Ven. Ñânatiloka Mahâthera, the well known German Scholar monk was the first Patron of the Society.
In 1953, Asoka Weeraratna, who was by this time the Honorary Secretary of the Society, in his second visit to Germany, made a survey of Buddhist activities in that country and published his investigations in a Report entitled 'Buddhism in Germany'. The Society in 1954 launched a Million Rupee Fund under the patronage of Mr. Dudley Senanayake, the former Prime Minister, to collect funds for the permanent establishment of the Buddha Sâsana in Germany, as Arahant Mahinda had done it in Sri Lanka.
With growing public support, the Society soon won the recognition and encouragement of the State and the 'Million Rupee Fund' was declared an Approved Charity by the Government. Among the many benefactors who contributed to this Fund, particular mention must be made of Mr. Walther Schmits, a German Buddhist, who left a valuable legacy of DM 550.000 to the Society. In 1955 the Government granted to the Society an acre of vacant crown land in Bullers Road, Colombo on a 99 year old lease. In August 1956, Hon. S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike, Prime Minister, declared open at a ceremonial public meeting, amidst a large gathering, the newly built Headquarters and Training Centre of the Society at 417, Bullers Road (Bauddhaloka Mawatha), Colombo 7 consisting of a two-storied dormitory of 14 rooms, an Assembly Hall, Office and Library, built at a cost of Rs. 125.000.
Eight prominent Buddhist monks led by the German monk Ven. Ñânatiloka Mahâthera and including Ven. Balangoda Ânanda Maitreyya, Ven. Galle Anuruddha, Ven. Akuretiye Amaravamsa, Ven. Ñânaponika (German), Ven. Kudawella Vangîsa and Ven. Vappo (German) were attached to the Centre. These monks offered their services to train German Buddhists and others in the study of Buddhist Philosophy. Mr. Friedrich Möller, a teacher from Hamburg, who was the first German recruit of the Society arrived in the Island in 1953. He completed his period of training and received ordination under the name of Bhikkhu Ñânavimala.
The Society sponsored the first Buddhist Mission to Germany, which left the Colombo Harbour by ship 'SS Orantes ' on June 15, 1957. The three monks in this historic mission comprised Ven. Soma, Ven. Kheminda and Ven. Vinîta. They were all recruited from the Vajiraramaya Temple, Bambalapitiya. A few weeks later Mr. Asoka Weeraratna left Colombo by airplane and joined this Mission in Germany. He spent about five months in Germany assisting the Monks to settle in at ‘ Das Buddhistische Haus ‘ in Berlin, and promoting the work of the Mission.
One of the most significant achievements of the Society was the purchase in 1957 of "Das Buddhistische Haus" built by Dr. Paul Dahlke. This Buddhist Haus was considered the Center of German Buddhism during Dr. Dahlke's time. Mr. Asoka Weeraratna was instrumental in negotiating the purchase of this property from the heirs of Dr. Paul Dahlke. It was converted into a Buddhist Vihâra, by the Society by providing residential facilities to Buddhist Dharmaduta monks drawn mainly from Sri Lanka.
Since 1957 there has been a stream of Buddhist monks from Sri Lanka and other countries, taking up residence in the Berlin Buddhist Vihâra. Of these dedicated monks, special mention must be made of Ven. Athurugiriye Ñânavimala Mahâthera who served as the Vihâradhipati of the Berlin Vihâra for a period of 15 years (1966-1981). These monks teach the Buddha Dharma and give instruction on meditation to Germans and people of other nationalities seeking a philosophy that places an emphasis on self-reliance, non violence and loving kindness to all living beings.
Ven. Bhikkhu Bodhi who visited the Berlin Vihâra in May 2002 and was impressed with the self-sacrificing work of the resident monks and lay volunteers has said in a Message of Goodwill to the GDS on the occasion of the commemoration of its 50th anniversary (1952-2002) that:
"The interest in Theravâda Buddhism, as the oldest historical form of Buddhism, continues to grow in the West, and thus the (Berlin) Vihâra has ahead of it enormous scope for development. As a student and friend of the late German monk, Ven. Ñânaponika Mahâthera, I have a special concern to see Theravâda Buddhism send down strong roots in Germany". 
The gift of the Dhamma excels all other gifts.
This is the best gift that Sri Lanka can offer to the World. 
References.
2. The spread of Buddhism in Germany
3. Das Buddhistische Haus - Official Website
4. Promoting Buddhism in Europe by Ven. Bhikkhu Bodhi
5.The founding father of the Mitirigala Nissarana Vanaya: Life sketch of Asoka Weeraratna
6. Asoka Weeraratna website
7. Asoka Weeraratna - Germany’s ‘Mahinda Thera’ 
8. Issue of new Postage Stamp on September 21, 2002 to mark 50th Anniversary of the German Dharmaduta Society 

</doc>
<doc id="20713216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713216" title="June Moon">
June Moon

June Moon is a play by George S. Kaufman and Ring Lardner. Based on the Lardner short story "Some Like Them Cold," about a love affair that loses steam before it ever gets started, it includes songs with words and music by Lardner but is not considered a musical "per se".
At its center is Fred Stevens, a young aspiring lyricist who journeys from Schenectady to New York City, where he hopes to make a name for himself in the world of song publishing and night clubs. On the train he meets dental assistant Edna Baker, and the two embark upon a friendship that evolves into love for her and fondness for him. While struggling to become a Tin Pan Alley notable, Fred takes a shine to his composer partner Paul's glamorous, gold-digging sister-in-law Eileen. The two men sell a song to a music publisher and it develops into a hit. Ultimately, revelations about Eileen's true character help return Fred to his senses and Edna, who he realizes he truly loves.
Productions.
The original Broadway production opened at the Broadhurst Theatre on October 9, 1929 and ran for 273 performances. It was directed by Kaufman, and the cast included Norman Foster as Fred, Linda Watkins as Edna, Frank Otto as Paul, and Lee Patrick as Eileen.
There was a production of June Moon prior to the Broadway production with the same cast, that opened at the Shubert-Belasco Theatre in Washington, D.C. on September 23, 1929.
Milano Tilden and Carl Hunt directed a revival that opened at the Ambassador Theatre on May 15, 1933 and ran for 49 performances. The cast included Thomas Gillen as Fred, Emily Lowry as Edna, Fred Irving Lewis as Paul, and Lee Patrick reprising the role of Eileen.
On March 24, 1940, Orson Welles and the Campbell Playhouse presented an hour-long adaptation of "June Moon". Cast: Orson Welles (Candy Butcher on train), Jack Benny (Fred Ste
vens), Benny Rubin (Maxie Schwartz), Gus Schilling (Paul Sears), Bea Benaderet (Lucille Sears), Lee Patrick (Eileen), Virginia Gordon (Edna Baker). 
Mark Nelson directed an off-Broadway revival performed by the Drama Dept. that had a short run at the Ohio Theater in Soho in January 1997. Writing in the "New York Times", Ben Brantley observed, "There is indeed a discernible streak of anxiety in the comedy. It may have been written as fluff, but it's flavored with a subliminal sadness that belies its own happy ending." The production won the Lucille Lortel Award for Outstanding Revival and was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play Actor Albert Macklin, who portrayed sardonic accompanyist Maxie received a Best Actor Obie Award. On January 15, 1998, it reopened at the Variety Arts Theatre and ran for 101 performances. The cast included Geoffrey Nauffts as Fred, Robert Joy as Paul, and Cynthia Nixon as Eileen. Albert Macklin reprised his Obie-winning role as Maxie.
A new production is being performed at UC San Diego from February 24th, 2012 thorugh March 3rd, 2012, directed by Jonathan SIlverstein.
Film adaptations.
Vincent Lawrence, Joseph L. Mankiewicz, and Keene Thompson adapted the play for a 1931 feature film directed by A. Edward Sutherland. The cast included Jack Oakie as Fred, Frances Dee as Edna, Ernest Wood as Paul, and June MacCloy as Eileen.
Paramount Pictures produced a 1937 version called "Blonde Trouble".
On June 2, 1949, CBS Television broadcast an hour long adaptation of "June Moon" on the live anthology show "Studio One". The live television production was directed by Walter Hart, adapted by Gerald Goode, and featured Jack Lemmon as Fred Stevens, Eva Marie Saint as Edna, Edward Andrews as Paul, and Jean Carson as Eileen. 
Kirk Browning and Burt Shevelove staged the play for a PBS broadcast that aired on January 30, 1974. The cast included Tom Fitzsimmons as Fred, Barbara Dana as Edna, Jack Cassidy as Paul, and Susan Sarandon as Eileen, with Kevin McCarthy, Lee Meredith, Estelle Parsons, Austin Pendleton, and Stephen Sondheim in supporting roles. A DVD of this production was released by Kultur Video on April 16, 2002.
References.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0712306/

</doc>
<doc id="20713226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713226" title="Ilari Melart">
Ilari Melart

Ilari Melart (born February 11, 1989) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who currently represents Yugra Khanty-Mansiysk in the Kontinental Hockey League. On May 24th, 2013 Melart, signed with the Columbus Blue Jackets to a one-year entry level contract.
Career.
In 2006-07 he played 10 matches for the A-junior (top youth level in Finland) side and an additional 21 matches for the B-juniors. In 2007-08 he made 21 appearances for the A-juniors, which eventually earned him a spot in the first team.
Melart made his first appearance for HIFK's first team on November 13, 2008 away against Tappara. Before joining the first team, Melart played with HIFK's different youth teams.
Melart moved to North America for the 2013-14 season and was assigned to the Blue Jackets' AHL team, the Springfield Falcons. He scored his first professional goal on November 23 against the Hartford Wolf Pack.
Career statistics.
"As of October 12, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="20713237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713237" title="Peruvalla Nallur">
Peruvalla Nallur

Peruvala nallur is a small village in the district of Trichy, Tamil Nadu, India. It is located in Lalgudi taluk and the nearest large village is Poovalur.
Economy.
The major occupation in the village is agriculture, mainly through sugarcane and rice production. The land is known to be fertile throughout the year.
History Steps of Peruvala nallur.
Exact year and century data in not get it. It was 17 or 15th century like that. The salukya emperors administrate whole north India region. They are decide a war against to pallava's. finally salukya's are grap the victory pallava's defeated. then, salukya's are decide to against a war to cholaz's Emperor. That time cholaz's are not decide to against a war to north India. they are concentrate only Indonesia,Srilanka etc...They are well trained soldiers, having more than 5000 elephents army,etc...That time cholaz's administrate peruvala nallur village and surrounded areas. finally salukya's defeated from cholaz's Emperor. That time pallava's planned to defeat salukya's and recover their nation.because, pallava's are thinking "definitely cholaz's defeat a salukya's. so, salukya's lost his army, lost his confidence, they are not having elephent army like this factors". so, pallava's decide to against a war to salukya's. Pallava's are expect salukya's army and tent in "Palla puram".(this is a name reason for Palla puram).salukya's are tent in vellanur village. Then both army's are start a war in peruvalanallur. The Exact place is Pullambadi river. local people's are called as "Pudhu aaru".This war is extend in 14 to 18 days. This is a long day war in Tamil Nadu history. Lot of soldiers are dead in both side. Finally Pallava's are grab the victory and recover their nation. Some stone culvert proofs are there in peruvala nallur cremation ground area to vellanur road near to Teppakulam to Trichy-Ariyalur Main road. Then one old man find a one sword in his agricultural land.
Emigration.
In the last 8–10 years, residents have been moving to Trichy, a large city providing better job opportunities in non-agricultural fields. Because of this, the village's population is quite low.

</doc>
<doc id="20713252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713252" title="Bill Rowe">
Bill Rowe

William N. Rowe QC (born June 4, 1942) is a former politician, lawyer, broadcaster, and writer in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. He is married to Penelope Ayre Rowe of St. John’s, who is a member of the Order of Canada. They have a son, Dorian, a daughter, Toby, and three grandchildren. 
Rowe was born in Grand Bank and is the son of the late Liberal Senator Frederick William Rowe and the late Edith Laura Butt. 
Rowe attended Memorial University of Newfoundland where he earned a Bachelor of Arts. He studied for a Bachelor of Law at the University of New Brunswick on a Sir James Hamet Dunn Scholarship, and went on to become a Rhodes Scholar, graduating with an Honours M.A in Law from the University of Oxford.
He entered politics and was elected to the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly five times, first at the age of twenty-four. He was appointed, at twenty-six, as a Cabinet Minister in the Government of Joey Smallwood and became responsible for several departments. He was later elected as Leader of the Opposition, holding that position from 1977 to 1979. He resigned his position prior to the 1979 general election, in favour of Don Jamieson, but kept his own seat. 
One of Rowe's political aides while he was Opposition Leader was a young Brian Tobin. 
In 1982, Rowe lost his seat in the Newfoundland general election, which saw the Progressive Conservatives under the leadership of Brian Peckford, win by a landslide, taking 44 seats.
After leaving politics, Rowe resumed his law practice. As a lawyer, he practiced in St. John's for over three decades, concentrating for years on labour-management arbitrations. During the 1980s he was retained by the federal Minister of National Revenue to conduct a nation-wide inquiry into fishermen’s perceived income tax problems with Revenue Canada. 
Rowe was appointed to Queen's Counsel in 2007.
A long-time public affairs commentator, Rowe has appeared regularly on national and local television and radio. He has hosted a daily call-in show on VOCM and CFCB radio for nearly thirty years, which focuses on public issues and is carried throughout the province and around the world. Rowe was instrumental in exposing the Mount Cashel Orphanage scandal when he was host of VOCM's Open Line radio show. 
Rowe also wrote weekly public affairs columns for St. John's daily newspaper, "The Telegram", the Corner Brook Western Star, and other newspapers.
In 2004, Premier Danny Williams appointed him Provincial Representative in Ottawa, where he advised the Premier during the crucial negotiations with the Government of Canada that led to the Atlantic Accord, which secured more than two billion dollars for Newfoundland and Labrador. 
Rowe has written five books: "Clapp’s Rock", a best-selling novel published by McClelland & Stewart of Toronto and serialized on CBC Radio; "The Temptation of Victor Galanti", a second novel published by McClelland and Stewart; "Is That You, Bill?", a volume of essays on politics and public affairs published by Jesperson Press of St. John's; "Danny Williams: The War with Ottawa", published in 2010 by Flanker Press; and "Danny Williams, Please Come Back", a compilation of his columns and commentaries, published in 2011 by Flanker Press. In 2012, Flanker Press published "Rosie O'Dell", a novel whose cover featured a prominent "Warning: Graphic Content and Mature Subject Matter."
Rowe is a member of the Writers’ Union of Canada and has served on the executive of the Writers’ Alliance of Newfoundland and Labrador. 
On June 22, 2011, Rowe announced on his radio show his intention to retire from VOCM after nearly thirty years to write full-time. He has agreed to fill in periodically for the regular talk show hosts. His last day as host of his show, BackTalk, was Friday, June 24, 2011. Paddy Daly took over for him on August 1, 2011. On March 8, 2013, Rowe once again took over the hosting duties at VOCM Open Line, a week after the resignation of Open Line host Randy Simms over controversial comments made on-air to Natuashish Innu Band Chief Simeon Tshakapesh. 

</doc>
<doc id="20713265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713265" title="Lumina Foundation">
Lumina Foundation

Lumina Foundation is a private, Indianapolis-based foundation with about $1.4 billion in assets. Its mission is to expand student access to and success in education beyond high school. Since its founding in August 2000, Lumina has made grants totaling more than $250 million.
History.
Lumina Foundation is a conversion foundation created in mid-2000 as USA Group, Inc., the nation's largest private guarantor and administrator of education loans, sold most of its operating assets to the Student Loan Marketing Association, Inc. (Sallie Mae). Proceeds from the sale established the USA Group Foundation with an endowment of $770M. The Foundation was renamed Lumina Foundation for Education in February, 2001.
Early initiatives.
Lumina's early grant making efforts provided start-up funding for three initiatives: Achieving the Dream: Community Colleges Count; KnowHow2GO, a college-access campaign; and College Productivity, formerly known as Making Opportunity Affordable.
Goal.
Lumina's goal is to increase the proportion of Americans with what it calls "high-quality" degrees and credentials to 60 percent by the year 2025. Lumina pursues this goal by identifying and supporting a proprietary definition of effective practice, through public policy advocacy, and by using communications and convenings to build public will for change.

</doc>
<doc id="20713272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713272" title="7 Years (film)">
7 Years (film)

7 Years () is a 2006 French drama film starring Bruno Todeschini, Valerie Donzelli and Cyril Troley. It is written and directed by Jean-Pascal Hattu. The film explores the sexual tension between a wife and a husband serving a long jail sentence. Valerie Donzelli's performance in the film won her awards at the Seattle International Film Festival and at the Valencia Festival of Mediterranean Cinemafor 2007 [http://www.imdb.com/event/ev0000674/2007 "IMDB" Retrieved on 2011-02-25.</ref>
Plot.
Maïté (Valerie Donzelli) is the devoted young wife of Vincent (Bruno Todeschini), who is serving 7 years in prison for an unspecified crime. She brings Vincent clean clothes, and puts money in his canteen account. She and Vincent obviously still need each other sexually, and it is difficult for both of them to be separated.
One day Maïté is approached by a young man named Jean (Cyril Troley), who says his brother is also incarcerated for 7 years. They quickly embark on a sexual relationship, but Maïté is cold and unresponsive.
She has a good relationship with her neighbour, Djamila, who has a small son, Julien. Maïté looks after him frequently whilst Djamila is at work, and the two are close. Eventually Maïté discovers that Jean is in fact a guard at her husband's prison. The affair takes a turn when Vincent finds out; instead of stopping them, he insists Jean tape their meetings. He advises Jean how to move Maïté emotionally and sexually, however, Jean tells him "she is empty".
As Jean falls in love with Maïté, she tries to distance herself from both of them. However as Jean leaves to take up a post in Lille, Vincent attempts suicide and in final scene she is seen walking confidently into the prison to visit him once again.

</doc>
<doc id="20713316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713316" title="Music of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky">
Music of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky

While the contributions of the Russian nationalistic group The Five were important in their own right in developing an independent Russian voice and consciousness in classical music, the compositions of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky became dominant in 19th century Russia, with Tchaikovsky becoming known both in and outside Russia as its greatest musical talent. His formal conservatory training allowed him to write works with Western-oriented attitudes and techniques, showcasing a wide range and breadth of technique from a poised "Classical" form simulating 18th century Rococo elegance to a style more characteristic of Russian nationalists or a musical idiom expressly to channel his own overwrought emotions.
Even with this compositional diversity, the outlook in Tchaikovsky's music remains essentially Russian, both in its use of native folk song and its composer's deep absorption in Russian life and ways of thought. Writing about Tchaikovsky's ballet "The Sleeping Beauty" in an open letter to impresario Sergei Diaghilev that was printed in the "Times" of London, composer Igor Stravinsky contended that Tchaikovsky's music was as Russian as Pushkin's verse or Glinka's song, since Tchaikovsky "drew unconsciously from the true, popular sources" of the Russian race. This Russianness of mindset ensured that Tchaikovsky would not become a mere imitator of Western technique. Tchaikovsky's natural gift for melody, based mainly on themes of tremendous eloquence and emotive power and supported by matching resources in harmony and orchestration, has always made his music appealing to the public. However, his hard-won professional technique and an ability to harness it to express his emotional life gave Tchaikovsky the ability to realize his potential more fully than any other Russian composer of his time.
Ballets.
"Tchaikovsky was made for ballet," writes musicologist David Brown Before him, musicologist Francis Maes writes, ballet music was written by specialists, such as Ludwig Minkus and Cesare Pugni, "who wrote nothing else and knew all the tricks of the trade." Brown explains that Tchaikovsky gifts for melody and orchestration, his ability to write memorable dance music with great fluency and his responsiveness to a theatrical atmosphere made him uniquely qualified in writing for the genre. Above all, Brown writes, he had "an ability to create and sustain atmosphere: above all, a faculty for suggesting and supporting movement ... animated by an abundant inventiveness, above all rhythmic, within the individual phrase." In comparing Tchaikovsky to French composer Léo Delibes, whose ballets Tchaikovsky adored, Brown writes that while the two composers shared similar talents, the Russian's passion places him in a higher league than that of the Frenchman. Where Delibes' music remains decorative, Tchaikovsky's touches the senses and achieves a deeper significance. Tchaikovsky's three ballets, Maes says, forced an aesthetic re-evaluation of music for that genre. 
Brown calls Tchaikovsky's first ballet, "Swan Lake", "a very remarkable and bold achievement." The genre on the whole was mainly "a decorative spectacle" when "Swan Lake" was written, which made Tchaikovsky's attempt to "incorporate a drama that was more than a convenient series of incidents for mechanically shifting from one divertissement to the next ... almost visionary." However, while the composer showed considerable aptitude in writing music that focused on the drama of the story, the demand for set pieces undercut his potential for complete success. The lengthy divertissements he supplied for two of the ballet's four acts display a "commendable variety of character" but divert action (and audience attention) away from the main plot. Moreover, Brown adds, the formal dance music is uneven, some of it "quite ordinary, a little even trite." Despite these handicaps, "Swan Lake" gives Tchaikovsky many opportunities to showcase his gift for melody and, as Brown points out, has proved "indestructible" in popular appeal. The oboe solo associated with Odette and her swans, which first appears at the end of Act 1, is one of the composer's best–known themes.
Tchaikovsky considered his next ballet, "The Sleeping Beauty", one of his finest works, according to Brown. The structure of the scenario proved more successful than that of "Swan Lake". While the prologue and first two acts contain a certain number of set dances, they are not designed for gratuitous choreographic decoration but have at least some marginal relevance to the main plot. These dances are also far more striking than their counterparts in "Swan Lake", as several of them are character pieces from fairy tales such as Puss in Boots and Little Red Riding Hood, which elicited a far more individualized type of invention from the composer. Likewise, the musical ideas in these sections are more striking, pointed and precise. This characterful musical invention, combined with a structural fluency, a keen feeling for atmosphere and a well-structured plot, makes "The Sleeping Beauty" perhaps Tchaikovsky's most consistently successful ballet.
"The Nutcracker", on the other hand, is one of Tchaikovsky's best known works. While it has been criticized as the least substantial of the composer's three ballets, it should be remembered that Tchaikovsky was restricted by a rigorous scenario supplied by Marius Petipa. This scenario provided no opportunity for the expression of human feelings beyond the most trivial and confined Tchaikovsky mostly within a world of tinsel, sweets and fantasy. Yet, at its best, the melodies are charming and pretty, and by this time Tchaikovsky's virtuosity at orchestration and counterpoint ensured an endless fascination in the surface attractiveness of the score.
Operas.
Tchaikovsky completed ten operas, although one ("Undina") is mostly lost and another ("Vakula the Smith") exists in two significantly different versions. He also began or considered writing at least 20 others; he once declared that to refrain from writing operas was a heroism he did not possess. (In fact, one project Tchaikovsky had planned before his death was an opera based on Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet", for which he had written an overture-fantasia much earlier in his career; a duet intended potentially for this opera was completed by his friend Sergei Taneyev and published posthumously.) Nevertheless, this need to plan or compose an opera was a constant preoccupation. 
According to musicologist Gerald Abraham, the operas on the whole embody an enormous mass of music far too beautiful and interesting to be ignored. Moreover, he maintains, Tchaikovsky's search for operatic subjects, along with his views on their nature and treatment and his own work on librettos, throw considerable light on his creative personality. Nevertheless, according to musicologist Francis Maes, most of Tchaikovsky's operas failed for three reasons. First, the composer could not get good librettos, despite continued requests to some of Russia's leading playwrights and his brother Modest. Second, he was no Verdi, Puccini or Leoncavalo. While he could write music that was often beautiful and sometimes very moving, it was generally not as arresting dramatically as anything those three provided. Third, and perhaps most sadly, Tchaikovsky's enthusiasm for opera writing did not match his theatrical sense. Apparently either unaware of this deficiency or unable to curb his excitement long enough to take a cold, hard look at the true stage-worthiness of a libretto, he seemed destined to repeat his failures.
Tchaikovsky broke this pattern twice. "Eugene Onegin" and "The Queen of Spades" were both strong stories, worthy of setting to music. Their author, Alexander Pushkin, was, if nothing else, a master storyteller. He was also a keep observer of human nature and his wry, penetrating observations of the human condition could be chilling and heart-breaking in the extreme. Moreover, both stories were a perfect match for the composer's talents. Tchaikovsky matched Pushkin's irony and detachment in "Eugene Onegin", falling back on a series of musical conventions that, in turn, echoed the literary codes the author used in his "novel in verse." More traditional writers, such as Brown, also suggest that a passion and sympathy by the composer for the heroine, Tatiyana, heightened by parallels in the story to events in his own life, may have influenced the quality of music he supplied for "Onegin".
With "The Queen of Spades", Modest's transposition of the story's timeline in the libretto to the 18th century was a boon for Tchaikovsky, whose favorite composer (and the one he most liked to emulate) was Mozart. The change allowed him to compose, in addition to impassioned love music, a number of 18th century pastiches depicting various social milieus. Also, as the supernatural gradually takes possession of the characters, Tchaikovsky matches it with equally ghostly music. He had already experimented in this vein in the transformation scene of "The Sleeping Beauty" showing an adeptness for orchestrating a strange, even unnerving sound world of dark fantasy. He would do so again in Act One of "The Nutcracker", capturing what artist, critic and historian Alexandre Benois would call a "world of captivating nightmares" and "a mixture of strange truth and convincing invention."
(Note: A "Chorus of Insects" was composed for the projected opera "Mandragora" ["Мандрагора"] of 1870).
Symphonies.
Tchaikovsky's first three symphonies, while seemingly optimistic and nationalistic, are also chronicles of his attempts to reconcile his training from the Saint Petersburg Conservatory with Russian folk music and his own innate penchant for melody. Both worked against sonata form, the paramount architectural concept in Western classical music, not with it. The First, while conventional in form, shows Tchaikovsky's individuality strongly; it is rich in melodic invention and exudes Mendelssohnian charm and grace. The Second Symphony is among the more accessible of Tchaikovsky's works and exists in two versions. While the latter version is the one generally performed today, Tchaikovsky's friend and former student Sergei Taneyev considered the earlier one to be finer compositionally speaking. The Third, the only symphony Tchaikovsky completed in a major key, is written in five movements, similar to Robert Schumann's "Rhenish" Symphony, shows Tchaikovsky alternating between writing in a more orthodox symphonic manner and writing music as a vehicle to express his emotional life; with the introduction of dance rhythms into every movement except the slow one, the composer widens the field of symphonic contrasts both within and between movements.
With the last three numbered symphonies and his program symphony "Manfred", Tchaikovsky became one of the few composers in the late 19th century who could impose his personality upon the symphony to give the form new life. Brown calls the Fourth Symphony a breakthrough work in terms of emotional depth and complexity, particularly in its very large opening movement. The Fifth Symphony is a more regular work, though perhaps not a more conventional one. The Sixth Symphony, generally interpreted as a declaration of despair, is a work of prodigious originality and power; to Brown, it is perhaps one of Tchaikovsky's most consistent and perfectly composed works. These symphonies are recognized as highly original examples of symphonic form and are frequently performed. "Manfred", written between the Fourth and Fifth Symphonies, is also a major piece, as well as a demanding one. The music is often very tough, the first movement completely original in form, while the second movement proves diaphanous and seemingly unsubstantial but absolutely right for the program it illustrates. 
Tchaikovsky sketched the Symphony in E flat in 1892, before beginning the "Pathetique", but discarded it as unsatisfactory. After finishing the "Pathetique", he recycled the opening movement as his Third Piano Concerto, which was left as a single-movement "Allegro de concert" upon his death. Although the composer's friend and colleague Sergei Taneyev completed the slow movement and finale for piano and orchestra and these are sometimes combined with the single-movement work to form a full-length concerto, it remains unclear whether this was actually the composer's intent. The symphony was reconstituted in what is believed to be its original form by Russian composer Semyon Bogatyriev; it was published in 1961 after a 10-year period of reconstruction.
Concertos and concertante pieces.
Two of Tchaikovsky's concertos were rebuffed by their respective dedicates but became among the composer's best-known works. The First Piano Concerto suffered an initial rejection by its intended dedicate, Nikolai Rubinstein, as notably recounted three years after the fact by the composer. The work went instead to pianist Hans von Bülow, whose playing had impressed Tchaikovsky when he appeared in Moscow in March 1874. Bulow premiered the work in Boston in October 1875. Rubinstein eventually championed the work himself. Likewise, the Violin Concerto was rejected initially by noted virtuoso and pedagogue Leopold Auer, was premiered by another soloist (Adolph Brodsky), then belatedly accepted and played to great public success by Auer. In addition to playing the concerto himself, Auer would also teach the work to his students, including Jascha Heifetz and Nathan Milstein. 
Altogether, Tchaikovsky wrote four concertos (three for piano, one for violin), two "concertante" works for soloist and orchestra (one each for piano and cello) and a couple of short works. The First Piano Concerto, while faulted traditionally for having its opening melody in the wrong key and never restating that tune in the rest of the piece, shows an expert use of tonal instability to enhance tension and increase the tone of restlessness and high drama. The Violin Concerto, one of Tchaikovsky's freshest-sounding and least pretentious works, is filled with melodies that could have easily come from one of his ballets. The Second Piano Concerto, more formal in tone and less extroverted than the First, contains prominent solos for violin and cello in its slow movement, giving the impression of a "concerto grosso" for piano trio and orchestra. The Third Piano Concerto, initially the opening movement of a symphony in E flat, was left on Tchaikovsky's death as a single-movement composition. Tchaikovsky also promised a concerto for cello to Anatoliy Brandukov and one for flute to Paul Taffanel but died before he could work on either project in earnest.
Of the "concertante" works, the "Variations on a Rococo Theme" for cello and orchestra was inspired by Mozart and shows Tchaikovsky's affinity for Classical style in its tastefulness and refined poise. The Concert Fantasia for piano and orchestra is related in its light tone and unorthodox formal structure to the orchestral suites. (The opening movement, in fact, had originally been intended for the Third Suite.) Written as a display piece for the soloist, it hearkens back to a time when audiences concentrated more on the virtuosity of the performer than on the musical content of the piece being played. The Andante and Finale for piano and orchestra was completed and orchestrated posthumously by Sergei Taneyev. It was originally the second and fourth movements of the E-flat symphony, the same source as the Third Piano Concerto.
Miscellaneous works include the following:
Other orchestral works.
Program music and commissioned pieces.
Tchaikovsky wrote programmatic music throughout his career. While he complained to his patroness, Nadezhda von Meck, that doing so seemed like offering the public "paper money" as opposed to the "gold coin" of absolute music, he displayed a definite flair for the genre. The fantasy-overture "Romeo and Juliet" remains one of Tchaikovsky's best known works and its love theme among his most successful melodies. The piece, however, is actually one of three he wrote after works by Shakespeare. "The Tempest", while not as successful overall as "Romeo", contains a love theme that is extremely effective. "Hamlet" differs from "Romeo" in depicting different emotional or psychological states of the title character rather than portraying specific events, an approach more akin to Franz Liszt in his symphonic poems. 
Among the other works, "Capriccio Italien" is a travelogue of the composer's time there during his years of wandering and a conscious emulation of the Mediterranean episodes in Glinka's Spanish Overtures. "Francesca da Rimini" contains a love theme in its central section that is one of Tchaikovsky's best examples of "unending melody." The composer was particularly fond of this work and conducted it often, most notably at Cambridge when he received his honorary doctorate in 1892. He was more ambivalent about his program symphony "Manfred", inspired by Byron's poem of the same name and written to a program supplied by Balakirev. Written in four movements and for the largest orchestra Tchaikovsky employed, the piece remains a rarity in the concert hall but is being recorded with increasing frequency. "The Storm" and 'Fatum' are early works; "The Voyevoda" dates from the same period as the "Pathetique" symphony.
Commissioned works include the "1812 Overture", known for its traditional Russian themes (such as the old Tsarist National Anthem) and its 16 cannon shots and chorus of church bells in the coda. Though Tchaikovsky did not value the piece highly, it has become perhaps his most widely known composition. "Marche Slave" (otherwise known as the "Slavonic March") is a patriotic piece commissioned for a Red Cross benefit concert to support Russian troops in the Balkans. Other commissioned works include a "Festival Overture on the Danish National Anthem", written to commemorate the wedding of Crown Prince Alexander (who would become Alexander III), and a "Festival Coronation March", ordered by the city of Moscow for the coronation of Alexander III.
Orchestral suites and Serenade.
Tchaikovsky wrote four orchestral suites in the period between his Fourth and Fifth Symphonies. The first three are original music, while the fourth, subtitled "Mozartiana", consists of arrangements of music by Mozart. According to Dutch musicologist Francis Maes, Tchaikovsky valued the freedom the suites gave him to experiment and saw them as a genre for unrestricted musical fantasy. To this Russian musicologist and critic Daniel Zhitomirsky agrees and adds that through them, the composer solved a number of challenges in orchestral tonality, thematic development and form. Wiley comments that they contain music in a number of styles—scholarly counterpoint, salon style, folk music, bizarre scherzos, character pieces—in an overall vein that Russians call "prelest"', which means "charming" or "pleasing".
In addition to the above suites, Tchaikovsky made a short sketch for a Suite in 1889 or 1890, which was not subsequently developed.
Tchaikovsky himself arranged the suite from the ballet "The Nutcracker." He also considered making suites from his two other ballets, "Swan Lake" and "The Sleeping Beauty". He ended up not doing so, but after his death, others compiled and published suites from these ballets.
Like "Capriccio Italien", the Serenade for Strings was inspired by Tchaikovsky's time in Italy and shares that work's relaxed buoyancy and melodic richenss. The first movement, "Pezzo in forma di Sonatina" ("In the form of a sonatina"), was an homage to Mozart. It shares some formal features with that composer's Overture to "Le Nozze di Figaro" but otherwise emulates his music only in wit and lightness, not in style.
Choral music.
A considerable quantity of choral music (about 25 items), including:
Chamber music.
Chamber music does not figure prominently in Tchaikovsky's compositional output. Other than a number of student exercises, it consists of three string quartets, a piano trio and a string sextet, along with three works for violin and piano. While all these works contain some excellent music, the First String Quartet, with its famous "Andante cantabile" slow movement, shows such mastery of quartet form that some consider it the most satisfying of Tchaikovsky's chamber works in its consistency of style and artistic interest. While the Second String Quartet is less engaging than the First and less characterful than the Third, its slow movement is a substantial and particularly affecting piece. Some critics consider the Third String Quartet the most impressive, especially for its elegiac slow movement.
Also elegiac is the Piano Trio, written in memory of Nikolai Rubinstein—a point which accounts for the prominence of the piano part. The work is in two actual movements, the second a large set of variations including a fugue and a long summing-up variation serving as the equivalent of a third movement. Had Tchaikovsky written this work as a piano quartet or piano quintet, he would have availed himself of a string complement well able to play complete harmony and could therefore have been allotted autonomous sections to play. With only two stringed instruments, this option was not available. Instead, Tchaikovsky treats the violin and cello as melodic soloists, with the piano both conversing with them and providing harmonic support.
The String Sextet, entitled "Souvenir de Florence", is considered by some to be more interesting than the Piano Trio, better music intrinsically and better written. None of Tchaikovsky's other chamber works has a more positive opening, and the simplicity of the main section of the second movement is even more striking. After this very affecting music, the third movement progresses at least initially into a fresh, folksy world. Even more folksy is the opening of the finale, though Tchaikovsky takes this movement in a more academic direction with the incorporation of a fugue. This work has also been played in arrangements for string orchestra.
Solo piano music.
Tchaikovsky wrote over a hundred-odd piano works over the course of his creative life. His first opus comprised two piano pieces, while he completed his final set of piano works after he had finished sketching his last symphony. Except for a piano sonata written while he was a composition student and a second much later in his career, Tchaikovsky's solo piano works consist of character pieces. While his best known set of these works is "The Seasons", the compositions in his last set, the Eighteen Pieces, Op. 72, are extremely varied and at times surprising.
Some of Tchaikovsky's piano works can be challenging technically; nevertheless, they are mostly charming, unpretentious compositions intended for amateur pianists. It would therefore be easy to dismiss the entire œuvre as mediocre and merely competent. While this view could hold true to some point, there is more attractive and resourceful music in some of these pieces than one might be inclined to expect. The difference between Tchaikovsky's pieces and many other salon works are patches of striking harmony and unexpected phrase structures which may demand some extra patience but will not remain unrewarded from a musical standpoint. Many of the pieces have titles which give imaginative pointers on how they should be played.
Songs.
Tchaikovsky wrote 103 songs. While he may not be remembered as a composer of "lieder", he produced a larger number of superior works than their comparative neglect would suggest, often concentrating into a few pages a musical image that would seem to ideally match the substance of the text. The songs are extremely varied and encompass a wide range of genres—pure lyric and stark drama; solemn hymns and short songs of everyday life; folk tunes and waltzes. Tchaikovsky is most successful when writing on the subject of love and its loss or frustration
Technically, the songs are marked by several features: artistic simplicity, artlessness of musical language, variety and originality of melody and richness of accompaniment. The songs helped cross-pollinate the composer's work in other genres, with many of his operatic arias closely related to them. While "None but the Lonely Heart" may be the one of his finest songs, as well as perhaps the best-known in the West, the Six Romances, Op. 65 and the Six Romances, Op. 73 are especially recommendable.

</doc>
<doc id="20713324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713324" title="Padus, Wisconsin">
Padus, Wisconsin

Padus is an unincorporated community located in the town of Wabeno, in Forest County, Wisconsin, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20713330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713330" title="Good Life China Corporation">
Good Life China Corporation

Good Life China Corporation (GLCC), founded and incorporated in 1998 with 335 Employees operates a chain of franchised convenience stores in Hebei Province, the People's Republic of China. The company employs retail concepts, such as e-commerce enabled POS/back office systems. It operates approximately 1,730 stores. The company also has an agreement with Petro China Beijing to provide distribution services and information management system services for the convenience stores in the gas stations belonging to Petro China Beijing Marketing Company. In addition, the company offers online sub prime financial services, such as money lending, forex trading, and advanced electronic funds management.
On it homepage, it claims to be "the largest chain store network of convenience stores serving more than 2.4 million people in the rural areas of China."

</doc>
<doc id="20713350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713350" title="Wagmag">
Wagmag

Wagmag, "a Brooklyn Art Guide", is a free monthly listings magazine with information about Brooklyn's numerous contemporary art galleries, including opening receptions and exhibitions.
WAGMAG, serves the communities of: Bedford–Stuyvesant, Boerum Hill, Brooklyn Heights, Bushwick, Carroll Gardens, Clinton Hill, Cobble Hill, Dumbo, Fort Greene, Gowanus, Greenpoint, Park Slope, Prospect Heights, Red Hook and Williamsburg.
"Wagmag" is printed and online, listing gallery venues with a 16-page pamphlet publication that lists each month's art, the reviews, how to get about, and a special section for openings and events.
"Wagmag" is produced by "ARTfront, Inc." a not-for-profit organization and so can be taken for free. The expanded guide also includes critics' suggestions of exhibits to see as well as a website that has exhibition details.

</doc>
<doc id="20713355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713355" title="North Cooking Lake, Alberta">
North Cooking Lake, Alberta

North Cooking Lake is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within Strathcona County. It is located on Highway 630 and on the northeast shore of Cooking Lake, approximately southeast of Sherwood Park. It is south of the Waskehegan Staging Area entrance to Cooking Lake-Blackfoot Grazing, Wildlife Provincial Recreation Area.
Due to the multiple lakes nearby with sandy beaches, North Cooking Lake was known as one of Edmonton's recreation and resort spots in the early 1900s (decade). It was so popular that special trains operated to bring vacationers to the North Cooking Lake Station where steamers and motor boats delivered them to different resorts. Once a teeming playground, North Cooking Lake is now a peaceful residential retreat.
Demographics.
The population of North Cooking Lake according to Strathcona County's 2009 municipal census is 49.

</doc>
<doc id="20713379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713379" title="Algeria national handball team">
Algeria national handball team

The Algeria national handball team is the national handball team of Algeria and is controlled by the Algerian Handball Federation.
Current squad.
This is the squad for the 2013 World Men's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Reda Zeguili

</doc>
<doc id="20713403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713403" title="2009 ITU World Championship Series">
2009 ITU World Championship Series

The 2009 ITU World Championship Series was a series of seven triathlon events leading to a Grand Final held in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia on September 2009. The series was organised under the auspices of the world governing body of triathlon – the International Triathlon Union (ITU) – and was sponsored by Dextro Energy. The 2009 World Championship Series (WCS) was the first year of a change in format replacing the single World Championship race of prior years. Additionally, points accumulated in 2009 ITU Triathlon World Cup events would contribute to an athletes overall point total in the Championship Series.
Series events.
The series featured on four continents in the inaugural year, stopping in some locations previously used as successful World Cup race destinations, as well as the first chance for athletes to try out the venue of the 2012 Olympic Triathlon at Hyde Park in London.
Prize purses.
The prize purses offered to the top performers during the series were significantly greater than previous World Championship events, with a total of US$700,000 being distributed. Additionally $150,000 was distributed at each of the 2009 World Championship Events, and $250,000 at the Grand Final.
Results.
Overall world championship.
Points were distributed at each World Championship Event to the top 40 finishers in the men's and women's elite races, and to the top 50 finishers at the Grand Final. Points towards the ITU World Championship ranking could also be obtained at the World Cup events. The sum of each athlete's best four points scores in the World Championship and World Cup Events (maximum of two World Cup scores) and the points score from the World Championship Grand Final determined the final ranking.
Men's championship.
XXX FOR NON-COUNTING SCORES.-->
Full ranking: 
Women's championship.
XXX FOR NON-COUNTING SCORES.-->
Full ranking: 
Event medalists.
Tongyeong.
2–3 May 2009 
Madrid.
30–31 May 2009 
Washington, DC.
20–21 June 2009 
Kitzbühel.
11–12 July 2009 
Hamburg.
25–26 July 2009 
London.
15–16 August 2009 
Yokohama.
22–23 August 2009
Gold Coast – Grand Final.
9–13 September 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20713404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713404" title="Index of Belize-related articles">
Index of Belize-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the nation of Belize.

</doc>
<doc id="20713408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713408" title="Community Theatre of Little Rock">
Community Theatre of Little Rock

Community Theatre of Little Rock is a non-profit organization based in Little Rock, Arkansas and founded in 1956. It is a completely volunteer-driven organization.
History.
Founded in 1956, Community Theatre of Little Rock (CTLR) is Central Arkansas' Oldest and finest theater tradition.
Since its inception, CTLR has performed in many venues in Little Rock. In the very early years, The Parish Hall at 9th and Louisiana, Trinity Parish Hall, Robinson (Center) Auditorium, a renovated feedstore at 609 Center Street and The Medical Center Auditorium provided performance stages. In the 1960s and 1970s, National Investors Life Building, the Arkansas Arts Center, Student Union became venues. The 1980s found the troupe performing again in the Arkansas Arts Center, UALR, the UALR, The Arkansas Repertory Theatre, Little Rock Garden Council and Hall High School. Capital Keyboard Theatre became home until the Arkansas School for the Blind offered the use of Woolly Auditorium from 2002 to 2008. In 2008 Community Theatre of Little Rock moved into a new home at the PUBLIC Theatre, located in the heart of Downtown Little Rock, Arkansas.
""We continue to provide our community with live theatrical productions of the highest quality, as well as providing opportunities for talented people of all ages to perform and participate in every phase of producing live theater.""
Current venue.
In the Summer of 2008, Community Theatre of Little Rock combined forces with the PUBLIC Theatre and ImprovLittleRock to showcase their talents. The PUBLIC Theatre is a 66-seat performing-arts space focusing on theatre, independent film, and live music.
As its name suggests, The PUBLIC Theatre is a place where creative artists in theatre, film, and music can develop and express their ideas in an open-spirited, collaborative environment, while at the same time producing entertainment that will draw and satisfy as large an audience as possible.
ImprovLittleRock is Little Rock's "first ever" competitive improvisational comedy troupe.
Programs.
Community Theatre of Little Rock has presented over 200 mainstage productions since its inception in 1956. Future endeavors include classes in basic acting, dance, singing, set design/construction, and prop manufacturing.

</doc>
<doc id="20713418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713418" title="Helicodiscus parallelus">
Helicodiscus parallelus

Helicodiscus parallelus, common name the compound coil, is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicodiscidae.
"Helicodiscus parallelus" is the type species of the genus "Helicodiscus".
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following countries and islands:

</doc>
<doc id="20713420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713420" title="Jean Aubert (engineer)">
Jean Aubert (engineer)

Jean Aubert was a French engineer. In 1961 he used the idea of the German engineer Julius Greve from the last century to describe a "pente d'eau", () which was a way of moving boats up the gradient of a canal without locks. The design consisted of a sloping channel through which a wedge of water on which the boat was floating could be pushed up an incline. This concept was used in both the Montech water slope and the Fonserannes water slopes.
Further reading.
David Tew, 1984, "Canal Inclines and Lifts", Gloucester: Alan Sutton.

</doc>
<doc id="20713435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713435" title="Bernard Flexner">
Bernard Flexner

Bernard Flexner (1882–1946), a New York lawyer, was a prominent member of the Zionist Organization of America. He served as counsel for the Zionist delegation to the Paris Peace Conference (1918–1919) and was president of the "Palestine Economic Corporation".
He was one of the founders of the Council on Foreign Relations.
His papers are held in the Seeley G. Mudd Manuscript Library at Princeton University.
Writings.
"The Rights to a Jewish Home Land", The Nation, October 2, 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20713438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713438" title="Martin Wright (cricketer, born 1963)">
Martin Wright (cricketer, born 1963)

Martin Wright (born 13 July 1963) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Hemel Hempstead.
Wright, who played for the team in the Minor Counties Championship between 1986 and 1997, made four List A appearances, in the NatWest Trophy competition between 1986 and 1989.
Wright's highest score in the competition came in 1989, when he scored 36 runs, the highest score of anyone on the Hertfordshire team, though this was not enough to prevent an exit in the first round of the competition at the hands of Nottinghamshire.
His brother, Nicholas, also played for Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20713439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713439" title="Philip Ringwood">
Philip Ringwood

Philip John Ringwood (born 7 August 1953) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Norfolk. He was born in King's Lynn.
Having represented the team in the Minor Counties Championship since 1982, Ringwood made a single List A appearance for the team, in the NatWest Trophy competition of 1983, against Glamorgan.
Ringwood continued to represent Norfolk until the 1987 Minor Counties Championship. In 2004, he made two appearances for Norfolk Over-50s in the Over-50 County Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20713440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713440" title="Peter Thomas (cricketer)">
Peter Thomas (cricketer)

Peter Wynne Thomas (born 11 April 1952) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Norfolk. He was born in Swardeston.
Thomas, who made his Minor counties Championship debut in 1982, made his sole List A appearance in the NatWest Trophy the following year.
Having not played a Minor Counties Championship match since 1986, Thomas joined the East Anglian Premier Cricket League side Swardeston in 1999, for whom he played five games.
Since 2003, Thomas has played in the Over-50s County Championship for Norfolk.
Thomas' brother, David and son Mark, were also cricketers for a brief period.

</doc>
<doc id="20713441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713441" title="Andrew Agar (cricketer)">
Andrew Agar (cricketer)

Andrew Charles Agar (born 19 February 1956) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Norfolk. He was born in Sanderstead.
Agar first represented Norfolk in the Minor Counties Championship in 1977, and represented the team in the league until 1983. He made a single List A appearance for the side, in the 1983 NatWest Trophy competition, against Glamorgan.
He played in the Minor Counties Trophy until 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20713442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713442" title="Edward Hodson">
Edward Hodson

Edward Robert Hodson (born 16 August 1964) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Norfolk. He was born in Lincoln.
Hodson made his Minor Counties Cricket Championship debut for Norfolk against his home county of Lincolnshire. He played his only List A match the following season, against Hampshire. Hodson scored 12 runs in the match.
Hodson continued to represent Norfolk in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship until 1988. He then played for Coventry and North Warwickshire Cricket Club in the Birmingham and District Premier League between 1990 and 2004. His highest score in a single match was 121.
He retired in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20713444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713444" title="Richard Innes">
Richard Innes

Richard Innes (born 31 August 1953) was a Scottish cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Norfolk. He was born in Aberdeen.
Innes, who made his debut cricketing appearance for Norfolk Young Amateurs at the age of 17, made his Minor Counties Championship debut eight seasons later, where he played for Norfolk for four seasons.
Innes made his sole List A appearance in the NatWest Trophy competition of 1983, against Glamorgan. From the tailend, he scored 0 not out, and took figures of 0-34 from 11 overs with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20713445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713445" title="Martin Wright (cricketer, born 1934)">
Martin Wright (cricketer, born 1934)

Thomas Martin Wright (born 16 October 1934) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast bowler who played for Norfolk. He was born in Wombwell, Yorkshire.
Wright made a single List A appearance, in the Gillette Cup competition of 1965. From the tailend, he scored 1 not out, though this was not enough to save the team from a heavy defeat against Hampshire.
Wright continued to represent Norfolk in the Minor Counties Championship until the end of the 1965 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20713448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713448" title="David Stockings">
David Stockings

David Charles Stockings (born 22 July 1944) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Norfolk. He was born in Cambridge.
Stockings, who made three appearances in the Minor Counties Championship for the team during the 1967 season, made his sole List A appearance in the 1968 Gillette Cup, against Cheshire. He scored three runs, and took one catch.

</doc>
<doc id="20713452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713452" title="Chris Benge">
Chris Benge

Chris Benge (born September 9, 1962) is a United States Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma and the current and 33rd Oklahoma Secretary of State. Benge was appointed to serve as Secretary of State by Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin on November 8, 2013.
Benge served as the Oklahoma House of Representatives as the Speaker of the House, a position he took over after Lance Cargill resigned in January 2008.
Benge was first elected to the House of Representatives in 1998. His term ended due to term limits in 2010.
Early life and career.
Benge was born and raised in southwest Tulsa. He graduated from Webster High School in 1980 and graduated from Oklahoma State University with a degree in business. Benge has managed a business, Benge Painting Company from 1981 to 1997.
Political career.
Benge was first elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 1998, narrowly defeating Shelby Satterfield, an incumbent Democratic candidate.
The first piece of legislation authored by the Tulsa lawmaker and signed into law was the "Prisoners Public Work Act". The legislation allows public agencies to enter into a contract with the Oklahoma Department of Corrections to utilize offender labor.
Prior to becoming Speaker of the House, Benge served as a House appropriations chairman and on one occasion criticized Gov. Brad Henry for proposing $18.8 million in bonds for common education ad valorem reimburesment.
As Speaker of the House, Benge presided over the 52nd Oklahoma Legislature. During this time, he pushed for energy reform in Oklahoma, stressing the need for the U.S. to wean itself from foreign oil rather than any concern about climate change.
Benge announced in January 2010 that his agenda for the upcoming session included reforming the workers' compensation system, promoting the use of natural gas as a vehicle fuel, modernizing state government through the use of more technology and creating a plan to deal with an expected shortfall.
Benge authored six bills signed into law by Governor Brad Henry from the 2009 legislative session. He has filed 17 measures for the 2010 session.
District.
House District 68 encompassed southwest Tulsa and a portion of Tulsa County outside of the city. It also included a small portion of Creek County. The district is a mix of urban Tulsa neighborhoods and Tulsa suburbs.

</doc>
<doc id="20713457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713457" title="2009 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships rosters">
2009 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships rosters

NHL Prospects by Team.
There were 72 NHL-drafted prospects playing in the tournament. In addition, six of the top-ten ranked players in the 2009 draft participated. The Latvian and Kazakh teams did not have any NHL prospects on their rosters.

</doc>
<doc id="20713469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713469" title="Hanna-Barbera in amusement parks">
Hanna-Barbera in amusement parks

Through its history, Hanna-Barbera has operated theme park attractions, mostly as a section in Kings Island (along with MarioLand, a joint venture between Taft Broadcasting and Nintendo), Carowinds, California's Great America, Kings Dominion, Canada's Wonderland, and recently, Six Flags Great America.
Outside North America, the theme parks were also available in several countries, notably in England, China, India, Gabon, and even Australia, which was part of Australia's Wonderland, which was now defunct. Hanna-Barbera Land was also opened in Houston, Texas.
The sections contained in the KECO Entertainment-owned parks was retained when their parent park, except the one in Australia, was bought by Paramount Communications (formerly Gulf+Western, and later acquired by Viacom), then the parent of Paramount Pictures, which changed the name of the parks by adding "Paramount's" in front of their names. The park in Australia was not purchased by Paramount and was sold to a local company. KECO Entertainment was renamed into Paramount Parks in 1994, around the time of the Viacom purchase, and remained in existence until 2006. As part of the 2005 Viacom split, ownership of Paramount Parks was transferred to the CBS Corporation. CBS then sold the parks to the Sandusky, Ohio-based amusement park management company Cedar Fair Entertainment Company on June 30, 2006.
As an effect of absorption of Hanna-Barbera into Warner Bros. Animation in 2001, the parks have largely removed or rebranded the areas into other children's sections by either the Nickelodeon brand and/or the Warner Bros. brand. Current Hanna-Barbera theme parks are Bedrock City in South Dakota, the one with the same name in Arizona, and Camp Cartoon, located in Six Flags Great America, as part of Camp Cartoon section, Not to mention Yogi Bear's Jellystone Park Campground.
History of involvement in theme parks.
Taft Broadcasting purchased Hanna-Barbera Productions, a television animation studio, in 1967. Two years later, it purchased Cincinnati's Coney Island amusement park, moving it and expanding it on a larger allotment of land, reopening it in 1972 as Kings Island. The company partnered with Top Value Enterprises to create Family Leisure Centers in 1973, opening Virginia's Kings Dominion in 1975; the company purchases Carowinds the same year. In 1979, Taft purchases 20% of the new Canada's Wonderland theme park in Toronto, Canada, which opens in 1981. The year prior, Family Entertainment Centers was dissolved, making Taft the sole owner of Kings Dominion.
By 1984, a grouping of senior executives from Taft's Amusement Park Group and some park managers purchase Taft's theme park division. The group names the resulting company Kings Entertainment Company (KECO). Taft gives KECO a perpetual license to use 
Hanna-Barbera characters at all of their current parks. Australia's Wonderland, which opens in 1985, also licenses the characters, but 1989 KECO purchase Great America doesn't opt receive the license, or opt to separately license. In their first year of incorporation, KECO opened a short-lived Hanna-Barbera Land in Houston, Texas.
The Kings Entertainment Company theme parks all had Hanna-Barbera sections, some having "The Flintstones" sections, and Smurf sections, after the popularity of the 1980s television series "The Smurfs". Through the years, these parks have largely removed or rebranded the areas into other children's sections (under the Nickelodeon brand and the Paramount Parks-created name "KidZVille"). Any of the still operating parks are part of Cedar Fair Entertainment Company; Australia's Wonderland and the stand-alone Hanna-Barbera Land parks are both defunct.
Big hopes for motion-controlled attraction.
In October 1989, animated film producer David Kirschner became Hanna-Barbera's president and CEO; Hanna-Barbera was part of the publicly traded Great American Broadcasting Company. He set out to make the company an entertainment conglomerate to rival Disney, by utilizing its existing core characters. Recognizing the Hanna-Barbera parks needed rejuvenation, he had the company create "The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera", a motion simulation-ride.
Created to be one of Universal Studios Florida's original attractions, "Funtastic World" cost between $13 and $14 million, and opened June 7, 1990. They also opened a concept store at the exit to the attraction, for a chain of Hanna-Barbera stores they hoped to open. The attraction operated for 13 years, until it was closed October 20, 2002, to make room for Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast.
Hanna-Barbera Land park.
Hanna–Barbera Land was a theme park based on the cartoons of the Hanna-Barbera animation studio. It was located in the Spring CDP of unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States, north of Houston. It was open in the 1984 and 1985 seasons.
The park was built under the guise of Taft Broadcasting, which became the Kings Entertainment Company as of opening. Kings also owned the Australia's Wonderland, Canada's Wonderland, Carowinds, Kings Dominion, and Kings Island theme parks. Despite increased attendance in 1985, a bad regional economy and minimal spending in the park on concessions, gift shop purchases, and souvenirs meant a death knell for the attraction.
Hanna–Barbera Land was sold to private investors and SplashTown USA was built in its place, then again to Bryant Morris, then to Six Flags who purchased the park in 1999. After initially not wanting to brand the park and calling it "a member of the Six Flags family," Six Flags eventually decided to re-brand the park as Six Flags SplashTown. In 2007 the park was sold to PARC Management who continues to operate the site.
As sections of larger parks.
Canada's Wonderland.
Hanna-Barbera Land opened in 1981 with three sections. The first section was Yogi's Woods, based on "The Yogi Bear Show", which featured the attractions Balloon Race, Yogi's Cave, Boo Boos Buggys, and the Woodland Theatre (now the Playhouse Theatre). Scoobyville was the central town site, where a carousel and other attractions were included. On the opposite end of Scoobyville from Yogi's Wood was Bedrock, based on "The Flintstones". Saltwater Circus was also in the section.
In 1984, Smurf Village replaced Yogi's Woods; the section featured the newly popular Hanna-Barbera cartoon "The Smurfs". A walk-through attraction, Smurf Village closed at the end of the 1992 season.
For the 1993 season, the Smurf Village section of the park became Kids Kingdom. In 1998, KidZVille replaced the Kids Kingdom and its two rides, the "Kid's Castle Playland" and the "Jumbo Bumps" were renamed to "The Candy Factory" and the "Twizzler Twist" (and renamed again the next year to "Sour Cherry Blaster Twist"). Along with five new rides for KidZVille, "The Busy Little Town" was launched, and it included the characters from Nickelodeon's "Rugrats" series. The Playhouse Theatre still had a Hanna-Barbera themed show, "Scooby Doo's Scary School Daze". On slower days, the Scooby-Doo walkaround character may venture through this section of the park.
The Bedrock section of the park met its end soon after, being replaced by Nickelodeon Central in 2003. Only the bumper cars were kept, turned into the "Rugrats Toonpike". The restaurant was de-themed, and turned into a Pizza Pizza.
In 2010 Hanna-Barbera Land was replaced with Planet Snoopy.
Carowinds.
Happy Land of Hanna-Barbera (1975-?)
In 1984, Carowinds added Smurf Island, which was a children's play area located on the 1.3-acre (5,300 m2) island surrounded by the Carolina Sternwheeler. Access to Smurf Island was gained in one of two ways – across the Carolina Sternwheeler and a ramp built on the island side of the boat, or on diesel-powered "Smurf Boats" launched from the area beside Harmony Hall. Children could enjoy two ball crawls and a climbing area complete with ropes, cargo nets, wood platforms, a rope tunnel and a 60-foot (18 m) tubular slide. Smurf characters roamed the island and led guests to the hidden Smurf village with four Smurf houses that children could enter. Smurf Island was eventually closed, and later demolished to make space for the BORG Assimilator, a Star Trek themed flying roller coaster. The Borg coaster is still operating today but the theming was removed in 2008 and the name was changed to Nighthawk.
Great America.
Opening in 1987, Smurf Woods featured a pint-sized steel coaster, The Blue Streak (now called Woodstock Express), as well as a Smurf village with mushroom houses. Smurf Woods was closed in 1995 and replaced with Nickelodeon Splat City. One Smurf house survived and can be seen in the Picnic Grove area. The area was renamed Planet Snoopy in 2010.
Kings Dominion.
The Happy Land of Hanna-Barbera (1975–1997)
The earlier Land of the Dooz Mine Train attraction became Smurf Mountain. It was eventually closed to make room for the popular Volcano: The Blast Coaster in 1998.
Kings Island.
When Kings Island opened in 1972, one of its original themed areas was The Happy Land of Hanna Barbera. Original attractions included:
Additionally, the parking lot featured a combination of a Hanna-Barbera character and a number, to help guests remember their location at the end of the day.
Flintstone's Boulder Bumpers was added to the park in 1976. The 1977 park season wrapped with The Peanut Olympics, between teams led by Billy Carter, United States President Carter's younger brother, and Yogi Bear. The two-day event was won by Carter.
For the park's 10th anniversary in 1982, it expanded Hanna-Barbera Land, spending $2.1 million on the new attractions. Bill Hanna and Joe Barbera attended the media preview on Monday, April 9 at 10 am. The new attractions were:
The Enchanted Voyage ride was closed in 1983, to be retrofitted to the upcoming Smurfs television series. "The Smurfs' Enchanted Village" debuted in 1984, while the television series was popular. People would ride in a boat around the world of the Smurfs celebrating the seasons of Winter, Fall, Summer, and Spring.
The Flying Carpet slide was moved to Hanna-Barbera Land in 1986, becoming Scrappy's Slide.
Five rides were added to Hanna-Barbera Land in 1990. In 1994, Sunshine Turnpike was closed, to give more room for Hanna-Barbera Land. The Hanna-Barbera attraction received competition in 1995, from a "Nickelodeon Splat City" section. The park was purchased by Paramount Parks in 1992, and a $750,000 upgrade was made to the section; new attractions were The Enchanted Theatre, Scooby Zoom, Pixie and Dixie's Swingset, and Dick Dastardly's Biplanes. Additionally, the Smurf's Enchanted Voyage was retrofitted for $3.5 million, into the Phantom Theatre. In 1998, Scooby's Ghoster Coaster (their second Scooby-themed coaster), Yogi's Skytours, and Atom Ant's Airways were added to the park; Scooby Zoom was renamed Top Cat's Taxi Jam, and Flintstone Flybots turned into Jetson's Jet Orbiters.
Nickelodeon Central was added to the park in 2001, taking over parts of Parts of Rivertown and Hanna-Barbera Land. For seven years in a row, 2001–2008, the collective kids area at the park has received "Amusement Today" magazine's "Golden Ticket for Best Kids' Area in the World in 2007".
The area was removed at the end of the 2005 season, to make way for Nickelodeon Universe, featuring 18 "new" rides. Scooby-Doo and the Haunted Castle was the only ride to remain as-is, having been created in 2003 as a complete overhaul of the existing Phantom Theater ride. The attraction was the park's first interactive ride.
The replacement section has "SpongeBob SquarePants" and "Dora the Explorer"-themed neighbourhoods and 18 attractions.
Wonderland Sydney.
Hanna-Barbera Land (1985–2002) at Australia's Wonderland (later named Wonderland Sydney) was largely based on the layout of the Canada's Wonderland park's section.
Attractions.
Scooby's Gasping Ghoster Coaster.
It was a prototype Caripo Batflyer suspended roller coaster (billed as the first suspended coaster for kids). The ride had poor capacity and roughness complaints. It was removed in 2005 as a part of the Hanna-Barbera Land retheming at Kings Island For Nickelodeon Universe. However, the attraction using the same name in the city of Doswell, Virginia and in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada was kept its name until 2010 when the Canadian version was renamed into simply Ghoster Coaster. In Doswell, Virginia, although the name was also simplified, the usual "Scooby-Doo" theme was kept.
Scooby-Doo.
Themed to "Scooby-Doo", it was opened together with Kings Island in 1972. The second one was opened in 1974 at Kings Dominion, prior to the park's official 1975 opening. It was also opened in Carowinds. Paying homage to "The Beast" after its successful launch in 1979, a tunnel was added to the bottom of the first drop for the 1980 season, and the Kings Island version was renamed "The Beastie".
When those two parks was under the ownership of Viacom, they started to add areas themed to the Nickelodeon television channel. In 2005, during the process of re-branding of the roller coaster as the "Fairly Odd Coaster", the wooden superstructure was painted indigo, and the cars repainted to mimic the characters, Cosmo and Wanda, from "The Fairly OddParents"; one train pink and the other green, with the fairies' faces on the front of the cars. To depict these characters as roller coaster trains is accurate to the television show because on screen, the fairies can change their shape at will, though their faces always remain visible on whatever they become.
The same thing was did to the Kings Island version a year later. Ironically, Cedar Fair purchased both of those parks as well as the three other parks that was owned by Viacom. Cedar Fair was then decided to remove all remaining Hanna-Barbera and Nickelodeon themes from the kids area in time for the start of the 2010 season.
Scooby-Doo Spooky Coaster.
Unusually, this attraction is a wild mouse roller coaster. It doesn't located at any of the former Paramount Parks altogether. It was built in 2002, and located in Warner Bros. Movie World in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
Scooby-Doo's Haunted Mansion.
This attraction, that found in Carowinds, Kings Dominion, Kings Island and Canada's Wonderland take on the traditional dark ride. On this ride, the scenes feature ghosts and monsters that riders shoot at using laser-outfitted guns. Riders in consecutive cars compete with each other to see who can shoot the most ghosts. In the United Kingdom, it was called Scooby-Doo and the Haunted Castle. It was possibly themed to the TV show "What's New, Scooby-Doo?". The ride was re-themed on November 27, 2009, to remove the "Scooby-Doo" characters. The move is part of the park's broader move away from Hanna-Barbera characters. It became Boo Blasters on Boo Hill, a shooting dark ride themed to a large ghost.
Baba Looey's Buggies.
It is located in the South Pie section of Hanna-Barbera Land, these were simple handcars on a track. The Kings Island version was removed to make way for the Nickelodeon Universe expansion.
Jetson's Jet Orbiters.
It can be found currently in Movie Park Germany and also in Warner Bros. Movie World Australia. It was seen in Kings Island until 2005 due to the makeover to Nick Universe. It was known as a legal successor to the "Flintstone Flybots" and themed to "The Jetsons".
McScrappy's Slide.
This was a Giant Slide originally called Flying Carpet Slide which was moved from Coney Island to the spot where Zephyr is today. It was later relocated to Hanna-Barbera Land for the 1986 season (about where Flying Ace Aerial Chase is today) and renamed to McScrappy's Slide. The attraction was removed indefinitely in 1995 to make way for the addition of "Nickelodeon Splat City".
Attractions themed to "Top Cat".
Two attractions that themed to TV show "Top Cat", named Top Cat's Taxi Jam and Alley Cat 500, is located in Kings Island, Kings Dominion, and possibly, Parque Warner Madrid. Rumors said that the Alley Cat 500 was the predecessor to the Swiper's Sweepers, which removed permanently 2010 when Cedar Fair decided to remove all remaining Hanna-Barbera and Nickelodeon themes in time for the start of the 2010 season. Top Cat's Taxi Jam was the successor of Scooby Zoom. From 2006 to 2010, it was known as the Little Bill's Giggle Coaster. It was succeeded by The Great Pumpkin Coaster, which was introduced on September 8, 2009.
Other attractions.
No attractions themed to "Tom and Jerry" appeared in all of the former Paramount Parks and the now-defunct Wonderland Sydney, although a promotion advertisement with Tom Cat holding a sign was shown in Canada's Wonderland prior to 2009. In addition, several attractions themed to "The Flintstones" also appear in a small theme parks in Mexico, Argentina, Malaysia, Singapore, South Africa, and New Zealand. Attractions associated with DC Comics, although can be found in every parks themed to Warner Bros., and had the show "Super Friends" (and also "The Dukes") that made also by Hanna-Barbera, never appear altogether in any of the Hanna-Barbera parks - it were always under WB control.
Attractions to the shows such as "The Powerpuff Girls", "Dexter's Laboratory", and any other shows that co-produced with Cartoon Network Studios were unavailable in any of the Hanna-Barbera attractions. Also attractions themed to "Snorks", "Pac-Man" and "Richie Rich" were also not allowed. Majority, attractions themed to "The Jetsons" is usually the "dominant" attraction in every H-B parks.

</doc>
<doc id="20713493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713493" title="MCN Live">
MCN Live

MCN Live is a Linux Distribution based on Mandriva designed to run from a Live CD or as a Live USB operating system with persistent changes. The newest Edition "Toronto" has VirtualBox OSE, KOffice Suite, Gimp, Gthumb, Gxine, Gftp, Bluefish, Quanta, kaudiocreator, Kopete, kdebluetooth-pin, networking tools and printer packages added from "Delft" 

</doc>
<doc id="20713494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713494" title="Odonatoptera">
Odonatoptera

The Odonatoptera are a superorder (sometimes treated as an order) of ancient winged insects, placed in the Palaeoptera which probably form a paraphyletic group however. The dragonflies and damselflies are the only living members of this group, which was far more diverse in the late Paleozoic and contained gigantic species, including the griffinflies (colloquially called "giant dragonflies", although they were not dragonflies in the strict sense) of the order Protodonata. This lineage dates back at least to the Bashkirian, not quite 320 million years ago. 
Systematics and taxonomy.
There is little consensus about the relationships of the Odonatoptera. What is certain is that they are a clade of winged insects that stands outside the Neoptera. But various authors' analyses have yielded any one of three mutually exclusive phylogenies, or some variant thereof: The least problematic (in a taxonomic sense) view is that the Odonatoptera are the sister taxon of the Ephemeropteroidea (the mayfly lineage), and that the Palaeodictyopteroidea are either their sister taxon or a basal assemblage, all within a monophyletic Palaeoptera. But few recent analyses have supported this. Rather, it seems more and more likely that the Odonatoptera are the sister taxon of the Neoptera, making the "Palaeoptera" paraphyletic. The third view places the mayfly lineage as sister taxon of the neopterans, with the Odonatoptera as most primitive winged insects; it has seen little support in recent decades however.
While the internal subdivision of this superorder is subject to much dispute and far from resolved, at least the coarser divisions seem to be fairly stable by now. Six orders are generally recognized, as well as two families "incertae sedis" and a further "family" that is almost certainly not monophyletic. Ordered from the most ancestral to the most advanced, these are:
In some treatments, the Odonata are expanded to include all these taxa with the exception of the "Erasipteridae", Geroptera and Protodonata; this group is treated as an unranked clade Odonatoclada in the scheme used here. Where the Odonata are defined loosely, the term Odonatoidea is used instead of "Odonatoptera".

</doc>
<doc id="20713499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713499" title="Maria Norrfalk">
Maria Norrfalk

Maria Norrfalk, born March 25, 1952, is a Swedish civil servant and the incumbent Governor of Dalarna County in Sweden. Norrfalk was educated as a forester, and served as Director General of the Swedish Forest Agency from 1994 to 2003. From 2003 to 2007 Norrfalk was the Director General of the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency, and from 2007 she has been the Governor of Dalarna County.

</doc>
<doc id="20713512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713512" title="Quit It">
Quit It

Quit It is a 2002 novel by Marcia Byalick about a young girl living with Tourette syndrome (TS). It was her first novel for Delacorte Press. The book centers on Carrie, a seventh-grade girl who has just been diagnosed with TS. Targeted to early teens, "Quit It" explores Carrie's struggles to cope with TS while trying to fit in with her peers.

</doc>
<doc id="20713515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713515" title="Living former members of the United States Cabinet">
Living former members of the United States Cabinet

This is a list of living former members of the Cabinet of the United States, meaning living individuals who were confirmed by the Senate and served as Secretary of State, Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of Defense, Attorney General, Secretary of the Interior, Secretary of Agriculture, Secretary of Commerce, Secretary of Labor, Secretary of Health and Human Services, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Secretary of Transportation, Secretary of Energy, Secretary of Education, Secretary of Veterans Affairs, or Secretary of Homeland Security. This list also includes living individuals who held the former Cabinet positions of Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and Postmaster General.
This list does not include Cabinet-level positions, such as Vice President of the United States, Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and Trade Representative.
No Cabinet members of any presidential administration prior to the Lyndon Johnson Administration are still living. All former Cabinet members of the George W. Bush and Barack Obama Administrations are still living.
The oldest living former cabinet member is William Coleman, Secretary of Transportation during the Ford Administration. The youngest living former cabinet member is Timothy Geithner, Secretary of the Treasury during the Obama Administration.
Cabinet Members in the Lyndon Johnson Administration.
There are currently three living former members of the Lyndon Johnson Cabinet.
Cabinet Members in the Richard Nixon Administration.
There are currently six living former members of the Richard Nixon Cabinet.
Cabinet Members in the Gerald Ford Administration.
There are currently nine living former members of the Gerald Ford Cabinet.
Cabinet Members in the Jimmy Carter Administration.
There are currently twelve living former members of the Jimmy Carter Cabinet.
Cabinet Members in the Ronald Reagan Administration.
There are currently twenty-one living former members of the Ronald Reagan Cabinet.
Cabinet Members in the George H. W. Bush Administration.
There are currently fifteen living former members of the George H. W. Bush Cabinet.
Cabinet Members in the Bill Clinton Administration.
There are currently twenty-three living former members of the Bill Clinton Cabinet.
Cabinet Members in the George W. Bush Administration.
There are currently thirty-four living former members of the George W. Bush Cabinet. All former cabinet members who served in the George W. Bush administration are still living.
Cabinet Members in the Barack Obama Administration.
There are currently eleven living former members of the Barack Obama Cabinet. All former cabinet members who served in the Barack Obama administration are still living.

</doc>
<doc id="20713520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713520" title="Adelard Lafrance">
Adelard Lafrance

Adelard Henry "Adie, Del" Lafrance (b. January 13, 1912 - d. June 19, 1995) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played three games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens but most of his career was spent in minor professional leagues. His death of June 19, 1995 was confirmed with the McGuinty funeral home in North Bay, Ontario.
Playing career.
Born in Chapleau, Ontario in 1912, Lafrance joined the Sudbury St. Louis of the Nickel Belt Hockey League in 1929–30. The following season he moved to the Sudbury Cub Wolves in time for the playoffs and Memorial Cup play. The following season he split between the St. Louis and the Wolves, and played in Memorial Cup and Allan Cup playoffs. That season, 1931–32, the Wolves were the Memorial Cup champions. He played one final season for the Wolves before joining the professional Falconbridge in 1933–34. In March 1934, he joined the Montreal Canadiens and played three games in the season and two in the playoffs without scoring a goal. The following season he was with the Quebec Castors of the Can-Am league. He played one season for Quebec before joining the Springfield Indians for four seasons. He left competitive hockey after the 1938–39 season and he returned to Sudbury.

</doc>
<doc id="20713525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713525" title="Kenora Thistles (intermediate)">
Kenora Thistles (intermediate)

The Kenora Thistles were a Canadian Senior/Intermediate ice hockey club from Kenora, Ontario. They were eligible to compete for the Edmonton Journal Trophy as Western Canadian Intermediate A Champions.
History.
In the 1950s the Kenora Thistles moniker was resurrected by a team that participated in the Thunder Bay Intermediate Hockey League. They also spent time in Manitoba's Big Six Intermediate Hockey League. Kenora is more local to the Winnipeg-based Manitoba Senior Leagues, but were constantly snubbed when applying to join. In with Marathon, Keewatin, Fort Frances, Fort William, and Port Arthur, the Thistles did quite well winning the league in 1953, 1955, 1957, and 1958 and winning the Edmonton Journal Trophy as the top Intermediate team in Western Canada in 1953.
In the 1952-53 season, the Thistles won their first ever Thunder Bay district championship and moved on to the Western Canadian championships. In the semi-final, the Thistles met the Manitoba champion Dauphin Kings who they defeated 3-games-to-none with 4-2, 7-3, and 5-4 victories. In the Edmonton Journal Trophy finals, the Thistles met the Alberta champion Ponoka Stampeders. Kenora won game on 7-4, but were blown out 8-1 in game two. The Thistles rebounded and took game three 5-3 and game four 8-4 before Ponoka could respond with a 3-2 win in game five to make the series 3-games-to-2 for Kenora. Game six was another do-or-die game for the Stampeders, but the Thistles were victorious winning the game 5-1 to take the series.
As 1953 Intermediate Champions, the Thistles were offered the privilege of competing in the 1954 World Championships but turned it down as they had already committed to a tour of Japan in 1954. From March 24 until April 3, the Kenora Thistles played off against the best Japan had to offer in Osaka and Tokyo. They defeated the Japan College All-Stars 23-1, the "All Japan" team 5 times (11-2, 4-2, 9-3, 8-2, 12-7), Nikko Electric 17-2, Hokkaido All-Stars 8-1, and the Kanto All-Stars 13-6.
In 1955, the Thistles entered the Thunder Bay district championship as the Western representatives in a best-of-5 series against the Marathon Mercurys, North Shore champions. The Thistles destroyed the Mercurys with scores of 6-1, 11-1, and 5-0 to take the series and another Thunder Bay title. In the Edmonton Journal Trophy semi-final, the Thistles met Manitoba's Brandon Wheat Kings in a best-of-5 series. Kenora led the series after game one with a 6-3 win, they lost game two 5-0, but led again after game three with a 4-1 victory. Brandon then, with their backs to the wall, came back to tie the series with a 6-2 win and then took it with a final 5-1 victory in game five. Brandon went on to win the Edmonton Journal Trophy.
The 1956 Thunder Bay district semi-final was won over the Thistles by the Fort Frances Canadians 3-games-to-2.
The 1957 Thunder Bay district semi-final was between Kenora and the Fort Frances Canadians. Fort Frances took game one 8-5 and Kenora took game two 8-4. Fort Frances took game three, but Kenora came back and won game four 8-2 and game five 3-2 to win the series. In the district final, the Thistles took on the Marathon Mercurys in a best-of-5 series. Kenora won game one 9-0 and then the two teams tied game two 3-3. In game three Kenora won 6-2 and Marathon won game four 5-4 to stay alive. Game five was th clincher for Kenora as they won 4-0 to take a third district title. In the Edmonton Journal Trophy semi-finals, the Thistles were swept 3-games-to-none by Manitoba's Pine Falls Paper Kings (2-1, 7-3, 5-3).
In 1958, the Kenora Thistles joined the Ontario-Minnesota Hockey League. In the Thunder Bay district final, they faced the town of Red Rock in a best-of-5 series. The Thistles won 3-games-to-2. In the Western Canadian semi-final, the Thistles played Saskatchewan's Yorkton Millers in a best-of-3 series. Game one was a 4-4 tie, game two was won by Yorkton 4-2, and game three was won by Kenora 4-0. All tied up, the Millers and Thistles tied again in game four 1-1, but game five was won by Kenora 2-0 to win the series 2-games-to-1 with 2 ties. Then the Thistles made their last ever appearance in the Edmonton Journal Trophy finals against Alberta's Olds Elks. Kenora took game one 4-2, but Olds swept the next four games 6-3, 5-3, 4-1, and 7-6 to win the Western Canadian crown.
Kenora lost the 1959 Thunder Bay district semi-final to the Fort Frances Canadians 4-games-to-2.
In the late 1950s, the Thistles became members of the Minnesota-Ontario Hockey League. This lasted until the early 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="20713527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713527" title="Redshank (soldier)">
Redshank (soldier)

Redshank was a nickname for Scottish mercenaries from the Highlands' Western Isles. They were a prominent feature of Irish armies throughout the 16th century. They were called Redshanks because they went dressed in kilts and waded bare-legged through rivers in the coldest weather. They were usually armed alike, principally with bows and two-handed claymores.
They came from the clans of the Hebrides because of the recent breakup of the Lordship of the Isles, as well as from the poorer clans of mainland Scotland. The Redshanks mostly came from the clans of MacLeod, MacQuarrie, MacLean, MacDonald, and Campbell.
Unlike the Gallowglass, which were hired for long periods of service and paid in land and beef, the Redshanks were hired for the summer months. They were billeted (housed) with civilians, usually by force. This was known as the Buannacht system.

</doc>
<doc id="20713570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713570" title="Courtney Hazlett">
Courtney Hazlett

Courtney Brooke Hazlett is a columnist and Celebrity Correspondent for todayshow.com, the official site for NBC's "The Today Show." She is the author of "The Scoop" blog and column, featured on the todayshow.com, msnbc.com, and Newsvine websites. Hazlett also provides on-air commentary for "The Today Show" and MSNBC programs.
Biography.
Early life.
Hazlett, a native of Murrysville, Pennsylvania, is a 1995 graduate of Franklin Regional High School. She received a bachelor's degree in philosophy in 1999 from Tulane University, and earned a M.S. in journalism from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in 2005.
Career.
After graduating from Tulane, Hazlett held editorial positions at "Boating" magazine and "Yachting" magazine, where she rose to the position of senior editor. After enrolling in Columbia's graduate journalism program, she was employed as a reporter at TheSmokingGun.com, "People Magazine", and "OK! Magazine". She was also employed by "Golf World" magazine at one point. While at "OK! Magazine", she began appearing as a guest correspondent on CNN and MSNBC, where she became a mainstay on the Joe Scarborough-hosted programs "Scarborough Country" and "Morning Joe".
In October 2007, Hazlett left "OK!" to take over "The Scoop" column on msnbc.com, replacing Jeannette Walls. The column features entertainment-news items, culled from original reporting and other media sources. It also features reviews and plugs for movies, TV shows, and other media productions that Hazlett considers noteworthy. Her first column was published on October 29, 2007.
On April 25, 2010, the column was formally moved to todayshow.com, although it still continues to appear on the MSNBC website. On August 12, 2010, it was converted from a daily-column format to a weekday blog, with multiple entries per day.
Hazlett frequently appears on MSNBC and "The Today Show" as an entertainment correspondent. She is currently a regular on Tamron Hall's 2PM hour on MSNBC Live. A L'Oréal-sponsored segment discussing her latest "The Scoop" column was a regular feature on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" from October 2007 through July 2009, when the program abruptly discontinued it. No official explanation was given for Hazlett being dropped from the show, and L'Oréal's sponsored ad spots continued for several weeks afterward.
Hazlett was the substitute host for "The Ron Reagan Show" on Air America Radio during the week of June 1, 2009. She also occasionally appeared on the program to discuss entertainment news.
On September 8, 2011 Hazlett publicly announced that she was expecting a baby. She did not name the father, however according to her Facebook page, she is in a relationship with Steven Marrs, president of Branded Pictures.
On January 12, 2012, Hazlett gave birth to a daughter, Sawyer Ruth.
Controversies.
The January 21, 2008 edition of "Morning Joe" featured a segment with Hazlett and program co-host Willie Geist in which Hazlett misrepresented "Vogue" magazine editor Anna Wintour's "Letter from the Editor" column in the magazine's February 2008 issue. The column discussed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's decision to pull out of a scheduled photo shoot for the magazine. Wintour criticized the "Washington Post" for contributing to an atmosphere that derided any display of femininity by Clinton, which was what led Clinton to withdraw. However, Hazlett deleted two key sentences from the column while she read from it on the air, giving the erroneous impression that Wintour was attacking Clinton instead of the newspaper. At the segment's close, Hazlett ironically said, "I'm not going to dis Anna Wintour."
On May 1, 2008, Hazlett's "The Scoop" column for April 30 was removed from the msnbc.com Web site, with an official retraction notice issued. The column suggested without basis that disgraced memoirist James Frey had lied in a "Vanity Fair" article about an encounter with author Norman Mailer. It also erroneously stated that Frey lied in the article about seeing an advance version of TheSmokingGun.com report that ultimately ruined his reputation. Complaints from Frey's publicists led to the column being withdrawn.
During Hazlett's appearance on the June 6, 2008 edition of "Morning Joe", she reported on a public confrontation at the Cannes Film Festival between filmmakers Spike Lee and Clint Eastwood. She characterized the behavior of Lee, who is African-American, as "uppity," a term that that many feel carries racist connotations. Hazlett apologized to Lee and MSNBC viewers in a written statement later that day.
In January 2009, Hazlett drew flak for criticizing "Frozen River", an indie film that she claimed would not draw ratings for the Oscars and calling fans of the film "effete."
Criticism.
Danny Shea of the "Huffington Post" has criticized Hazlett's work on "The Scoop" as "generally a mishmash of other people's day-old reporting couched as her own."

</doc>
<doc id="20713576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713576" title="Atlético Malagueño">
Atlético Malagueño

Atlético Malagueño, S.A.D. () is a Spanish football team based in Málaga, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1990 it is the reserve team of Málaga CF, and currently plays in Tercera División – Group 9, holding home games at "Ciudad Deportiva El Viso", which has a capacity of 1,000 spectators.
Reserve teams in the Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. However, reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior team. Therefore, the team is ineligible for promotion to the division in which the first team competes. Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the Copa del Rey. 
The team is officially known as Atlético Malagueño on the club's official promotion and website, but Professional Football League rules prohibit B teams from having different names to their parent.
History.
The club was originally founded in 1990 as "Sociedad Deportiva Malacitana", the reserve team of "Club Atlético Malagueño". When the latter became Málaga CF in 1994, it changed its name to "Málaga CF B" the following year. 
The B-team followed the first one as it moved up the different divisions and, at the end of 2002–03 was promoted to the second division where it would last three seasons, returning to the fourth level in 2007.
For the 2009–10 season onwards, Málaga B was renamed Atlético Malagueño.

</doc>
<doc id="20713599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713599" title="U.S. Army Corps of Engineers civil works controversies (New Orleans)">
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers civil works controversies (New Orleans)

Through 19 Flood Control Acts since 1917, the United States Congress has authorized the United States Army Corps of Engineers to become involved with design and construction of flood protection and damage reduction system in the Greater New Orleans area and throughout the nation. 
The Flood Control Act of 1965 (FCA 1965), enacted after Hurricane Betsy flooded large sections of New Orleans, mandated the Corps of Engineers as the Federal agency responsible for levee design and construction. Definition of requirements, operations and maintenance remained the purview of the local levee boards, tasks that have been their responsibility since 1890. Among other projects and studies, FCA 1965 authorized the Lake Pontchartrain and Vicinity, Louisiana Hurricane Protection Project. The project was to construct a series of control structures, concrete floodwalls, and levees to provide hurricane protection to areas around Lake Pontchartrain. The project, when designed, was expected to take about 13 years to complete and cost about $85 million. Although federally authorized, it was a joint federal, state, and local effort. 
In August 2005, forty years later, when Hurricane Katrina passed to the east of New Orleans, the Corps's flood protection failed catastrophically with levee breaches in over 50 places. The levee failures caused massive flooding in New Orleans with associated property loss and drownings. This was the first total failure of a USACE system. On 29 August 2005, the hurricane protection authorized was between 60 and 90% complete; and the projected date of completion was estimated to be 2015.
Controversies following Hurricane Katrina (2005).
In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, numerous levee failures caused catastrophic flooding of the Greater New Orleans area. The failure of the levees cast the spotlight on the Corps of Engineers who had built the levees. Several investigations have attempted to examine the cause of the levee failures.
Levee breaches immediately following Hurricane Katrina.
There were 53 levee breaches in the New Orleans area and nearby St. Bernard Parish. 80% of the city of New Orleans and 100% of St. Bernard parish flooded because of levee breaches. A number of levee systems protecting the Greater New Orleans area failed: 
Design problems and mechanisms of failure.
On 5 April 2006, months after independent investigators had demonstrated that the levee failures were not due to natural forces beyond intended design strength, Lt. Gen. Carl Strock testified before the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Energy and Water that, "We have now concluded we had problems with the design of the structure." He also testified that the Corps of Engineers did not know of this mechanism of failure prior to 29 August 2005. The claim of ignorance is refuted, however, by the National Science Foundation investigators hired by the Corps of Engineers, who point to a 1986 study by the Corps itself that such separations were possible in the I-wall design.
Investigation of levee failure.
Senate committee hearings.
Lt. Gen. Carl Strock told a Senate committee that the corps neglected to consider the possibility that floodwalls atop the 17th Street Canal levee would lurch away from their footings under significant water pressure and eat away at the earthen barriers below. "We did not account for that occurring," Strock said after the Senate Appropriations subcommittee hearing. "It could be called a design failure."
Independent Levee Investigation Team (ILIT) report.
An independent investigation of the 2005 Greater New Orleans area levee failures was released 31 July 2006, by the ILIT team. The team was led by the University of California at Berkeley, and was supported in part by grants from the National Science Foundation.
Their report "identified flaws in design, construction and maintenance of the levees that contributed to the failures. But underlying it all, the report stated, were the problems with the initial model used to determine how strong the system should be." The hypothetical model storm upon which storm protection plans were based is called the Standard Project Hurricane, or SPH. 
They found that the system in New Orleans was flawed from the start because the model storm it was designed to stop was simplistic, and led to an inadequate network of levees, flood walls, storm gates and pumps. The report also found that "the creators of the standard project hurricane, in an attempt to find a representative storm, actually excluded the fiercest storms from the database."
Despite the rudimentary nature of their base model, the report found that "The standard project hurricane became enshrined within the corps (sic) [...] and the corps saw little need to go back and reanalyze 'the true risks of catastrophic flooding' in New Orleans. Even when the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the successor agency to the Weather Bureau, recommended increasing the strength of the model, the corps did not change its construction plans."
Interagency Performance Evaluation Task Force (IPET).
In October 2005, Lt. Gen. Carl Strock, Chief of Engineers and the Commander of the Corps of Engineers, established the Interagency Performance Evaluation Task Force (IPET) to "provide credible and objective scientific and engineering answers to fundamental questions about the performance of the hurricane protection and flood damage reduction system in the New Orleans metropolitan area. 
IPET's draft final findings, which are disputed in five of seven of the major failure mechanisms, indicate that, 
A grassroots group, Levees.Org, headquartered in New Orleans, questions the credibility of this levee investigation because the study was convened and closely managed by the Corps of Engineers, which is also the lead federal agency responsible for the levee design and construction.
Composition of IPET teams.
According to the IPET draft final report, IPET membership consisted of individuals from the Universities of Maryland, Florida, Notre Dame, and Virginia Polytechnic Institute, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the South Florida Water Management District, Harris County Flood Control District (Houston, TX), the United States Department of Agriculture, and the United States Bureau of Reclamation as well as those from USACE.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) involvement.
Of the top three IPET leaders, two work for USACE and one did for 15 years (1986–2002). Of the 23 task team leaders, six work for the Corps and seven work for the Engineer Research and Development Center (ERDC). In 10 out of the 15 volumes of the IPET draft final report, the majority of the team members were Corps of Engineers personnel.
American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) involvement.
In April 2007, the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) began referring to the flooding as the worst engineering catastrophe in US history. 
Two months later, a press release issued by an investigative team convened by the ASCE stated that two thirds of the deaths would have been avoided had the levees held, but that conflicted with the team's report itself.
Levees.Org believes an expert review panel convened by ASCE to certify and validate the IPET process was also an apparent conflict of interest because the Corps directly paid ASCE over $2 million and awarded the panel members Outstanding Civilian Service Medals (OCSM) 18 months before their work was complete. The OSCM is an honor traditionally given to recognize outstanding service and contributions to society and the nation on the part of civilians and can be given by any Department of Defense major commander.
Conflict of interest claims.
In October 2007, Dr. Ray Seed, University of California-Berkeley civil engineering professor and ASCE member submitted an ethics complaint to the ASCE alleging that the Corps of Engineers, with the help of the ASCE, sought to minimize the Corps' mistakes in the flooding, intimidate anyone who tried to intervene, and delay the final results until the public's attention had turned elsewhere. The Corps acknowledged receiving a copy of the letter but has refused to comment until after the ASCE's Committee on Professional Conduct (CPC), led by Rich Hovey, comments on the complaint. It took over a year for the ASCE to announce the results of the CPC. When the results of the self-study were finally announced, the ASCE panel did not file any charges of ethical misconduct. They blamed their errors in their June press release on its creation by "staff level and not by review panel members."
Timeline of IPET actions.
As of November 2009, the National Academy of Science had not released the results of their review of the IPET report.
Team Louisiana investigation report.
Scientists from LSU and from the private sector conducted a forensic investigation of the levee failures. Commissioned by the Louisiana State Department of Transportation and Development (DOTD), it was led by Dr. Ivor van Heerden, Deputy Director of the LSU Hurricane Center, and released in 2007. They found that the hurricane protection system was not properly conceived to accomplish the 1965 Congressional mandate to protect against the “most severe combination of meteorological conditions reasonably expected,” and they highlighted many other shortcomings in the hurricane protection system creation practices. It recommended independent review of levee projects, among other suggestions.
Boehlert Task Force report.
The Boehlert Task Force was an independent panel of experts convened to conduct a peer review of ASCE investigations. Boehlert's task force was assembled at the request of ASCE in response to Dr. Seed's ethics complaint and also a video produced by Levees.org spoofing the apparent conflict of interest. The Boehlert Task Force examined ASCE’s existing review process, at the request of David Mongan, the President of ASCE. The process by which ASCE peer reviews were conducted was found to be in need of improved clarity, efficiency and transparency. 
The task force was chaired by the Honorable Sherwood L. Boehlert, former Chairman of the House Science Committee. The other participants are as follows: Joseph Bordogna, PhD, Former Deputy Director of the National Science Foundation; Jack W. Hoffbuhr, P.E., DEE, Former Executive Director of the American Water Works Association; Jack Snell, PhD, Former Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Building and Fire Research Laboratory; William A. Wulf, PhD, Former President of the National Academy of Engineering.
The task force issued a report of their findings.
Negative comments.
The report carried criticism on how the ASCE conducts its peer reviews as well as recommendations to improve its processes. One notable comment was the inadequate "consideration of real or perceived conflict of interest". All the criticisms of ASCE's peer reviews noted by the Boehlert Task Force are present in the ASCE's peer review of the Corps of Engineers' IPET report. 
The report cited a “lack of formal, well articulated, procedures for conducting engineering reviews,” and recommended that the ASCE develop a Manual of Engineering Review Procedures covering each phase of the peer review process, with the manual to be made available to the public. It suggested that committee membership should include non-members of the ASCE.
The report commented on funding: “The way in which engineering reviews are funded is a source of perceived and potentially real conflicts of interests and ASCE should take measures to address these conflicts.”
The report stated that the “committee selection process needs formal procedures to assess potential or perceived conflicts of interests.”
Positive comments.
The task force also acknowledged that the Despite the criticism, however, Mr. Boehlert's task force also praised ASCE by writing, 
Public relations controversies.
In 2007, the New Orleans District hired a PR firm, Outreach Process Partners (OPP), allegedly to develop educational materials and set up public meetings that the Corps is required by law to hold in order to get valuable feedback from residents about the Corps' projects. For this work, OPP receives over $1,000,000 in federal dollars per year. The total cost of the PR contract is $5,250,000.
In May 2009, an internet blogger discovered that OPP had a bar graph on its website that boasted how it helped reduce negative news coverage that plagued the Corps following Hurricane Katrina. New Orleans residents felt that the Corps' should not be spending taxpayer dollars trying to repair the Corps' public reputation.
Internet Scandal.
In December 2008, the New Orleans CBS affiliate television station publicized an incident in which employees of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers used taxpayer-funded computers to post derogatory blog comments deriding citizen activists' efforts. In response to the news story, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers described the event as an isolated incident. Three days after the incident was publicized, the Commander of the New Orleans District of the Corps of Engineers, Colonel Alvin Lee, issued a formal apology. “Please accept my apology for the unprofessional comments someone in my District posted to your web site,” said the letter. “I have reinforced with my entire staff that this was an inappropriate and unacceptable use of our computers and time.” However, many residents are calling for those responsible to be fired from their posts.
On 23 June 2009, US Senator Mary Landrieu issued this statement to WWL TV Eyewitness News in New Orleans with regard to the scandal:
On 29 September 2009, the Department of Defense Inspector General's Office has closed its investigation. "We believe that (corps New Orleans District office) officials took appropriate actions once informed of the allegations at issue," Assistant Inspector General John Crane said in a letter to U.S. Sen. Mary Landrieu, D-La. "Accordingly, further review by this agency is not warranted." Those actions included strongly worded messages to corps employees telling them comments that demeaned corps critics were not allowed. In addition, access to the site of the Levees.org group was blocked from corps computers, preventing employees from commenting there. Lastly, the employee of a contractor—who was a former corps employee himself and was identified as using a government computer to post disparaging remarks on NOLA.com—was barred from working on corps projects.
Past levee controversies.
Debate over type of flood protection.
Different types of hurricane protection were proposed to protect the southern Louisiana region.
Following a lawsuit by the environmental group ‘Save Our Wetlands,’ the judge on the case ordered the Corps of Engineers to "redo its cursory environmental analysis. The agency eventually abandoned the gates, deciding to build taller levees instead." 
After Katrina, the controversy was revisited, with some blaming the lack of floodgates – and the environmentalists – for the storm's destruction. But Corps' officials told the Government Accountability Office that "if they had gone ahead with the floodgate plan, Katrina's devastation would have been even worse, because the barriers would not have been large enough to keep the storm surge out of the lake – and the levees around the city would have been even lower."
Legal issues in New Orleans.
In March 2007, the City of New Orleans filed a $77 billion claim against the USACE for damages sustained from faulty levee construction and resultant flooding during Hurricane Katrina. Of this amount, only $1 billion was designated as direct "infrastructure damages"; the rest was attributed to consequential damages such as industry losses and the city's tarnished image. Hundreds of thousands of individual claims were received in the Corps' New Orleans District office. In addition to the City of New Orleans, other claimants include Entergy New Orleans, the city's now-bankrupt electric utility, and New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board.
In February 2007 U.S. District Court Judge Stan Duval ruled that the Flood Control Act of 1928 did not apply to cases involving navigational projects. He ruled that the Corps may be sued over alleged defects in its Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet navigation channel. Immunity for cases involving flood levees was apparently not addressed at that time. 
On 30 January 2008, Judge Duval ruled that even though the US Army Corps of Engineers was negligent and derelict in their duty to provide flood protection for the citizens of New Orleans, he was compelled to dismiss a class action lawsuit filed against the Corps for levee breaches after Hurricane Katrina. He cited the Flood Control Act of 1928 which, among other actions, provided protection to the federal government from lawsuits when flood control projects like levees break. 
Duval's decision left the New Orleans Sewerage & Water Board and Orleans Levee District as defendants in the lawsuit. The dismissal of the lawsuit also denied about 489,000 claims by businesses, government entities, and residents, seeking trillions of dollars in damages against the Corps, which were pinned to the suit and a similar one filed over flooding from a navigation channel in St. Bernard Parish. It was unclear how many claims could still move forward. The plaintiffs vowed to appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
On 19 November 2009, the Court found the Army Corps responsible for the flooding by not properly maintaining the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet Canal (MRGO). Judge Duval said that the "Corps had an opportunity to take a myriad of actions to alleviate this deterioration or rehabilitate this deterioration and failed to do so." Duval ruled in favor of five of the six plaintiffs, awarding those from Lower Ninth Ward and St. Bernard Parish between $100,000 and $317,000 in damages. Duval, however, ruled against a couple from New Orleans East. In his decision, Duval wrote that the Corps was aware that deteriorating conditions of the canal would affect the levees in St. Bernard Parish and the Lower Ninth Ward neighborhoods. Duval awarded a total of $719,000 to the five plaintiffs but the decision leaves the U.S. government open to additional lawsuits from those affected. A spokesman for the Corps indicated the matter would be appealed, up to and including the U.S. Supreme Court.

</doc>
<doc id="20713619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713619" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1922–1925">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1922–1925

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 10 June 1922 election and the 3 June 1925 election. The fledgling Country Party managed to get five members elected, including two former Nationalists, but by the end of the term the party had all but merged into the Nationalist Party. A new Liberal Party emerged before the 1925 election, counting the support of three MHAs.

</doc>
<doc id="20713632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713632" title="Titan Saturn System Mission">
Titan Saturn System Mission

Titan Saturn System Mission (TSSM) was a joint NASA/ESA proposal for an exploration of Saturn and its moons Titan and Enceladus, where many complex phenomena were revealed by the Cassini–Huygens mission. With an estimated NASA cost of $2.5 Billion (FY07), TSSM is proposed to launch in 2020, get gravity assists from Earth and Venus, and arrive at the Saturn system in 2029. The 4-year prime mission would include a two-year Saturn tour, a 2-month Titan aero-sampling phase, and a 20-month Titan orbit phase. 
In 2009, a mission to Jupiter and its moons was given priority over "Titan Saturn System Mission", although TSSM will continue to be studied for a later launch date.
Origin and status.
The Titan Saturn System Mission (TSSM) was officially created in January 2009 by the merging of the ESA's Titan and Enceladus Mission (TandEM) with NASA's Titan Explorer (2007) study, although plans to combine both concepts date at least back to early 2008. TSSM was competing against the Europa Jupiter System Mission (EJSM) proposal for funding since then; however in February 2009 it was announced that NASA/ESA had given EJSM priority ahead of TSSM, although TSSM will continue to be studied for a later launch date, probably sometime in the 2020s. Detailed assessment reports of the mission elements as well as a specific concept for a lake-landing-module called Titan Mare Explorer (TiME) with the potential of becoming a part of the TSSM have been released in February and October 2009, respectively.
Mission overview.
The TSSM mission consists of an orbiter and two Titan exploration probes: a montgolfière (hot air balloon) that will float in Titan's clouds, and a lander that will splashdown on one of its methane seas.
Both probes’ data are to be relayed to a Titan orbiter. They will be equipped to study Titan’s features with instruments for imaging, radar profiling, and surface as well as atmospheric sampling, much more complete than done by the Cassini–Huygens mission.
The spacecraft will use several gravity assist flybys of other planets to enable it to reach Saturn. The baseline design envisaged a September 2020 launch, followed by four gravity assists (Earth-Venus-Earth-Earth), and arrival at Saturn 9 years later in October 2029. This is one of several available Earth-to-Saturn transfer options from the year 2018 through 2022. Current NASA plans do not give the TSSM a priority, however, and it is unlikely any of the proposed launch dates can be met.
Upon Saturn arrival, in October 2029, the orbiter’s chemical propulsion system would place the flight system into orbit around Saturn, followed by a two-year Saturn Tour Phase, characterized by the deployment of the "in situ" elements, and including a minimum of seven close Enceladus flybys and 16 Titan flybys. During this period, repeated satellite gravity assists and manoeuvres will reduce the energy needed to insert into Titan's orbit. As the craft completes its flyby by Enceladus, the orbiter will analyze the unusual cryovolcanic plumes at the moon's south pole.
The montgolfière, a hot air balloon, would be released on approach to the first Titan flyby for ballistic entry into Titan's atmosphere for its six Earth months’ mission from April 2030 to October 2030. Based on Cassini–Huygens discoveries, the montgolfière should be able to circumnavigate Titan at least once during its nominal lifetime at its deployment latitude of about 20°N, 10 kilometers above Titan's surface.
The lake-lander.
Numerous proposals have been brought forward with respect to the lake-lander concept. One of the most detailed plans so far is the so-called Titan Mare Explorer (TiME), which has originally been proposed as a separate scout mission, but might eventually be postponed and included in the TSSM. If approved, TiME would be released by the orbiter on its second Titan flyby. Due to Titan's haze layer and its distance to the Sun, the lander cannot be powered by solar panels and it will rely on the new Advanced Stirling Radioisotope Generator (ASRG), which is a prototype meant to provide availability of long-lived power supplies for landed networks and other planetary missions. The lander will target Ligeia Mare, a northern polar sea of liquid hydrocarbons at about 79°N. The probe will descend by parachute, like the Huygens probe of 2005. During the 6 hours of descent it will analyze the atmosphere and then splashdown on the liquid surface. The plutonium-powered craft’s principal function is to sample and analyze organics on the surface for a period of about 3 to 6 months; this would be the first floating exploration of an extraterrestrial sea.
Science goals and objectives.
The major goals of the TSSM mission can be summarized under four categories:
At Titan, the science goals would be to provide information on such aspects as the composition of the surface and the geographic distribution of the various organic constituents; on the methane cycle and the methane reservoirs; on the ages of the surface features, and in particular on whether cryovolcanism and tectonism are actively ongoing or are relics of a more active past; on the presence or absence of ammonia, of a magnetic field and of a sub-surface ocean; on the chemistry that drives complex ion formation in the upper atmosphere; and on a large altitude range in the atmosphere, from 400–900 km, which remains poorly explored after Cassini. In addition, much remains to be understood about seasonal changes of the atmosphere at all levels, and the long-term escape of constituents to space. 
TiME lander would splashdown on Ligeia Mare, a methane sea on Titan's northern hemisphere. It is believed that Titan’s methane cycle is analogous to Earth’s hydrologic cycle, with meteorological working fluid existing in liquid and gas phase. TiME would directly discern the methane cycle of Titan and help understand its similarities and differences to the hydrologic cycle on Earth. However, questions about the sources of re-supply of methane to the atmosphere remain to be answered. This world is built by organic activities which still operate and Cassini/Huygens findings suggest a world with a balance of geologic and atmospheric processes that is the solar system’s best analogue to Earth. Moreover, an interior ocean discovered by Cassini, deep underneath Titan’s dense atmosphere and surface is thought to be largely composed of liquid water. TSSM would be the first mission in the 50 years of space exploration, where an extensive and interdisciplinary in situ survey of active organic chemistry and climate on the land, on the sea, and in the air of another world will take place.

</doc>
<doc id="20713652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713652" title="Marianne Samuelsson">
Marianne Samuelsson

Marianne Samuelsson, born 9 December 1945 in Alingsås, is a Swedish politician (Green Party) and was the Governor of Gotland County, having to give up this post on 4 August 2009. She was previously a member of the Riksdag for the Green Party from 1988 to 1991, and from 1994 to 2002. She was spokesperson for the Green Party, together with Birger Schlaug, from 1992 to 1999.
The background to her relinquishing the position of governor was that someone on her staff secretly recorded a discussion in which Samuelsson stated that Gotland County should take into special consideration that a distinguished industry leader wanted to build a house close to the sea. This recording was handed over to the local radio station, which made it public. A big media storm ensued, and Samuelsson eventually had to resign, in acknowledgement of several mistakes she made in handling the scandal - notably, in stating that her only mistake was to have said what she did so as it could be recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="20713660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713660" title="Metrophlebitis">
Metrophlebitis

Metrophlebitis refers to inflammation of the uterine veins.

</doc>
<doc id="20713684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713684" title="Shoryuhai">
Shoryuhai

The Harvard Invitational Shoryuhai Intercollegiate Kendo Tournament, or for short, is the largest intercollegiate kendo tournament in North America. Currently in its 17th year, the Shoryuhai is hosted annually by the Harvard Radcliffe Kendo Club each spring. Teams come from all over North America and Europe, including teams from Canada and Mexico and Germany. The tournament is held in the Harvard University Malkin Athletic Center (MAC) basketball court. The fundamental purpose of the Shoryuhai is to promote kendo at the collegiate level.
History.
Origins.
In April 1997, several Northeast-region college students came together at Harvard for an informal good-will kendo tournament. The tournament was sparsely attended - totaling not more than 15 competitors. The following year, attendance increased three-fold, and included teams from Harvard, Yale, Cornell, McGill University, the University of Connecticut and the University of Waterloo in Canada. In 2009, a team from the University of Muenster in Germany joined the competition for the first time, making it the first European team to participate.
The Trophies.
In 1998, the two tournament trophies were donated by the former Prime Minister of Japan, Mr. Ryutaro Hashimoto, as tokens of his encouragement. At the time, Hashimoto-sensei saw this tournament and all of North American collegiate kendo as a "rising dragon," or 昇龍 (shōryu), hence the name shoryuhai. The first of the trophies - permanently held at Harvard - bears the engraved names of each year's victorious team. The second, traveling trophy is loaned to each year's winning team to be displayed at their respective university or college until the following year's tournament.
Format.
The tournament is divided into team and individual rounds on Saturday and Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="20713691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713691" title="Ernst Fegté">
Ernst Fegté

Ernst Fegté (28 September 1900 – 15 December 1976) was a German art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for three more in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Hamburg, Germany and died in Los Angeles, California.
Selected filmography.
Fegté won an Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for three more:

</doc>
<doc id="20713725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713725" title="Călin Gruia">
Călin Gruia

Călin Gruia (21 March 1915 – 9 July 1989) is a Romanian writer, author of children fairy tales and poems. Between 1951 and 1969 he worked with the Romanian National Television in children TV shows.

</doc>
<doc id="20713730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713730" title="Tabata (disambiguation)">
Tabata (disambiguation)

Tabata is an administrative ward in Tanzania.
Tabata may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20713738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713738" title="Kellogg Co. v. National Biscuit Co.">
Kellogg Co. v. National Biscuit Co.

Kellogg Co. v. National Biscuit Co., 305 U.S. 111 (1938), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court ruled that the Kellogg Company was not violating any trademark or unfair competition laws when it manufactured its own Shredded Wheat breakfast cereal, which had originally been invented by the National Biscuit Company (later called Nabisco). Kellogg's version of the product was of an essentially identical shape, and was also marketed as "Shredded Wheat"; but Nabisco's patents had expired, and its trademark application for the term "Shredded Wheat" had been turned down as a descriptive, non-trademarkable term.
The Court therefore "forcefully applied the principle that once a patent has expired, its benefits are to be freely enjoyed by the public." "Kellogg" has been called possibly "the Supreme Court's most versatile and influential trademark decision". It had a direct impact on the structure of the Lanham Act and is a "routine starting point for analysis in trademark opinions in lower courts."
Background.
Inventor Henry Perky developed a shredded wheat machine and introduced the cereal in 1893; he was issued utility patents in 1895 on both the shredded wheat and on the machine. John Kellogg tasted a sample and commented that they were like "eating a whisk broom." Nevertheless, the cereal became successful, and Perky's company, the Shredded Wheat Company, continued to manufacture the product after he retired.
The Kellogg Company started manufacturing shredded wheat cereal in 1912 after Perky's patents expired; after the Shredded Wheat Company objected, Kellogg stopped manufacturing their version in 1919. The nature of the settlement is not clear. In 1927, the Kellogg Company resumed manufacturing shredded wheat, prompting a lawsuit from the Shredded Wheat Company; the lawsuit was settled. In 1930, the Shredded Wheat Company was acquired by the National Biscuit Company (later Nabisco), which again sued Kellogg, both in Canada and in the United States, for unfair competition.
Nabisco complained in its lawsuit about Kellogg's use of the term "Shredded Wheat"; the similarity of its cereal biscuits' shape to the Nabisco cereal biscuits; and Kellogg's use on the product box of a picture of two of the pillow-shaped cereal biscuits submerged in milk. The complaint about the picture was based on trademark law; the other two complaints were that Kellogg's was fraudulently trying to "pass off" its cereal as Nabisco's. Nabisco had previously failed in its attempt to register "Shredded Wheat" as a trademark, as the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office had rejected the registration, as descriptive.
Opinion of the Court.
In a 7–2 opinion written by Justice Brandeis, the U.S. Supreme Court rejected Nabisco's arguments, and allowed Kellogg to continue to manufacture its shredded wheat cereal, and name it "Shredded Wheat". 
On the protection of the cereal's shape, the Court decided that the shape was functional and that there was a right to copy it after its patent expired, as the use of unfair competition and trademark laws could otherwise be used to impede the ability of rivals to create "any" competitive product, even though the patent had expired.
On the picture of the two shredded wheat biscuits in the bowl of milk, the Court noted that "the name Kellogg was so prominent on all of the defendant's cartons as to minimize the possibility of confusion", and hence there was no fraudulent "passing off" of Kellogg's cereal biscuits as having been created by Nabisco.
On the use of the term "Shredded Wheat", the Court ruled that the term was generic and not trademarkable; and dismissed a claim by Nabisco that it had acquired a "secondary meaning" under case law.
The Court concluded:
Justice McReynolds and Justice Butler dissented, writing that Kellogg was "fraudulently seeking to appropriate to itself the benefits of a goodwill built up at great cost by the respondent", which should be viewed as illegal.
Subsequent developments.
"Kellogg" has become a foundation of the functionality doctrine, that product designs that are intrinsic to functionality cannot be protected under unfair competition or trademark laws, because this would impede the ability of competitors to make a rival product.
Trademark law was in a state of flux in 1938, when "Kellogg" was decided, and the U.S. Department of Justice sought to explicitly codify the "Kellogg" decision into law, as part of the Lanham Act.

</doc>
<doc id="20713753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713753" title="Bertram C. Granger">
Bertram C. Granger

Bertram C. Granger (31 March 1892 – 28 October 1967) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Wyoming and died in Los Angeles, California.
Selected filmography.
Granger was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20713769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713769" title="Kelly Skidmore">
Kelly Skidmore

Kelly Skidmore (born December 20, 1962) in Cleveland, Ohio.
Skidmore is a member of the Florida House of Representatives of the U.S. State of Florida. She moved to Florida when she was 10-years old and attended public schools in South Florida. Skidmore graduated from Deerfield Beach High School (Deerfield Beach, Florida) and pursued a college education. However, before completing her degree, Skidmore entered the real-estate industry and later served as an aide to then State Representative Ron Klein. Klein went on to serve in the Florida Senate and currently represents Florida's 22nd District in the United States House of Representatives. Shortly before Klein was elected to serve in the United States Congress, Skidmore finished nearly a decade of service, reaching the position of Chief of Staff to a State Senator, in the Florida Legislature and took a position with the Arthritis Foundation. There, she has served a prominent role in South Florida to bring awareness to one of the most common disabilities that Americans suffer from — herself being born with an extensive form of arthritis that has affected her joints and vision.
In 2006, Skidmore entered the race to become the next Florida State Representative from District 90. In a field of four candidates, Skidmore pulled through with a slim-margin of victory. Since her election, Skidmore has fought for equal rights for all, and many health care-related causes. In 2008, she ran unopposed and was re-elected to serve her second term in the Florida House of Representatives from Boca Raton, FL.

</doc>
<doc id="20713779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713779" title="Garden Spot Middle School">
Garden Spot Middle School

Garden Spot Middle School is located in New Holland, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. This is the only junior high school in the Eastern Lancaster County School District.

</doc>
<doc id="20713815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713815" title="Teemu Pulkkinen">
Teemu Pulkkinen

Teemu Pulkkinen (born January 2, 1992) is a Finnish professional ice hockey winger. He currently plays for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL). Pulkkinen was drafted in the fourth round of the 2010 NHL Draft by the Detroit Red Wings.
Career.
Pulkkinen made his first appearance for Jokerit on December 5, 2008 at the age of 16. Before joining the team, Pulkkinen was an integral part of Jokerit's Junior-B club, scoring 36 goals and a total of 60 points in 32 games during the 2007–08 regular season. His team went on to win the Finnish championship and Pulkkinen became the top scorer in the playoffs with 17 points in just six games. Pulkkinen signed a three-year contract with the Red Wings in the summer of 2012.
Scored his first goal for the Grand Rapids Griffins in a playoff game on May 1, 2013 against the Houston Aeros. 
International play.
Pulkkinen competed for Finland at the 2009 IIHF World U18 Championships in the United States. He recorded 13 points in 6 games to finish third in tournament scoring behind teammate Toni Rajala and Russian Vladimir Tarasenko, helping Finland to a bronze medal.
In the 2010 IIHF World U18 Championships, Pulkkinen got 10 goals and 5 assists in 6 games to become the tournament's leading scorer, and he was also selected to be the tournament's best forward.
Pulkkinen was part of the Finnish national team for the 2012 World Junior Championships. In a game against Denmark on December 30, 2011, Pulkkinen scored four goals in the third period, part of a five point game for him; this tied a record for most goals in a period during a World Junior game, first set by Jan Vodila of the Czechoslovakian national team during the 1980 World Juniors.

</doc>
<doc id="20713827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713827" title="Gali District, Abkhazia">
Gali District, Abkhazia

Gali district is a district of Abkhazia. Its capital is Gali, the town by the same name. The district is smaller than the eponymous one in the de jure subdivision of Georgia, as some of its former territory is now part of Tkvarcheli District, formed by de facto Abkhaz authorities in 1995.
Gali district was populated almost entirely by Mingrelians, a Georgian regional subdivision, in the pre-war Abkhazia. The majority of Georgians fled the district following the inter-ethnic clashes in 1993–1994 and again in 1998. From 40,000 to 60,000 refugees have returned to Gali district since 1998, including persons commuting daily across the ceasefire line and those migrating seasonally in accordance with agricultural cycles. Gali district is now the only district of Abkhazia with ethnic Georgians constituting clear majority.
The population of the district was 29,287 according to the 2003 census conducted in Abkhazia but that figure is questioned by many international observers; it was estimated at 45 thousand in 2006 although Abkhazian authorities contested this number claiming that at least 65,000 refugees had returned.
Together with the Kodori Valley, Gali district is one of the two real troublespots while the situation is relatively peaceful in the rest of Abkhazia. It was a battlefield of the 1998 escalation of the Georgian-Abkhaz conflict.
History.
Historically, the present-day Gali district constituted the borderland between the principalities of Abkhazia and Samegrelo, the two breakaway feudal domains of the Kingdom of Georgia, and frequently changed its masters as the borders of these princedoms fluctuated during the dynastic feuds between the Shervashidze and Dadiani clans. In the second half of the 17th century, the Shervashidze princes of Abkhazia succeeded in conquering the territories up the Inguri River including the Gali district. With the dissolution of the Principality of Abkhazia c. 1700, the district between the Galidzga to the Inguri came to be ruled by a branch of the Shervashidze family whose one member, Murzakan, gave to his new fiefdom the name "Samurzakano" (i.e., "land of Murzakan"). The upper class of this new principality was composed chiefly of the Georgian-speaking Abkhaz nobility, whereas the peasants were of both Abkhaz and Georgian (Mingrelian) background. In contrast to the rest of Abkhazia largely Islamized under the Ottoman Empire, Samurzakano remained adherent to the Georgian Orthodox Christianity. Eventually the princedom came under the Mingrelian possession, but retained a degree of autonomy even after the expanding Imperial Russia established its protectorate over Mingrelia in 1804. In 1840, however, Russia outrightly annexed Samurzakano. In the 1860s–70s, the Abkhaz revolts and the systematic persecution of Muslim population at the hands of Russian authorities forced many Abkhaz to become Muhajirs to the Ottoman possessions. The Orthodox Christian population of Samurzakano remained relatively unaffected though. The decline in Abkhaz population left Mingrelian a dominant culture in the area. Furthermore, some Georgian peasants from the left bank of the Inguri River also emigrated to the right bank into Abkhazia where weaker practices of serfdom prevailed.
The rate of intermarriages between the Georgians and Abkhaz was high that resulted in the mixed heritage of the district's population and the introduction of the special category "Samurzakanians" in the 1897 Imperial Russian census. This group was made up chiefly by the Mingrelians with a minority of Abkhaz. 38% and 35% of the district's population identified themselves as Mingrelian and Georgian respectively during the first Soviet census of 1926, with another 26% identifying themselves as Abkhaz. The latter group in Gali district declined greatly so that they formed only a few percent of its population. As the Soviet censuses carried out after 1926 didn't distinguish Georgians and Mingrelians as separate nationalities they together constituted the overwhelming majority in the district.
The subsequent history of Samurzakano/Gali basically follows that of modern Abkhazia, which became an autonomous entity within the Democratic Republic of Georgia (1918–1921), then the Abkhazian SSR associated with the Georgian SSR (1921–1931) and finally the Abkhaz ASSR within Georgia. Under Joseph Stalin, from 1944/5 to 1953, Abkhaz schools were closed and cultural institutions were suppressed which is sometimes seen as an attempt at the assimilation of Abkhaz into Georgians.
At the height of the secessionist war in Abkhazia in 1993, the Georgians of Gali were subjected to systematic ethnic cleansing at the hands of the Abkhaz militias and their allies from Russia's North Caucasian republics. By November 1993, most of the Gali district had been controlled by the secessionist with the exception of a few isolated enclaves evacuated by the Georgian forces according to the Russian-brokered ceasefire accord in 1994. Since then, some 40,000–60,000 Georgians have sporadically returned to the Gali district, but the process was significantly thwarted by the outbreak of hostilities in May 1998. In response to the attempt by the Georgian guerrillas to recover the area, the Abkhaz forces launched a large sweep into the district. Despite the criticism from opposition, Eduard Shevardnadze, President of Georgia, refused to deploy troops against Abkhazia. A ceasefire was negotiated on May 20, 1998. The hostilities resulted in hundreds of casualties on both sides and displaced an additional 30,000 – 40,000 Georgians. Although many families soon came back, the clashes left some 1,500 homes and infrastructure, including some that had been recently rehabilitated with international funding, in ruins. The United Nations Joint Assessment Mission to the Gali District confirmed, in 2000, that homes and infrastructure were deliberately burned and looted during the Abkhaz offensive.
Demographics.
According to 2003 census, the population of the district included:
Human rights.
In the Georgian-populated areas in Gali district, where local authorities are almost exclusively made up of ethnic Abkhaz, the human rights situation remains precarious. The United Nations and other international organizations have been fruitlessly urging the Abkhaz de facto authorities "to refrain from adopting measures incompatible with the right to return and with international human rights standards, such as discriminatory legislation… to cooperate in the establishment of a permanent international human rights office in Gali and to admit United Nations civilian police without further delay."
The security situation in the district improved since February, 2006 and was generally calm in 2006. However, both Abkhaz and Georgian criminal networks continue to harass the locals. Georgia regularly criticizes the Abkhaz authorities and the Russian peacekeeping forces for failing to assure the local population's safety and prevent human rights abuses. It proposed, on February 3, 2003, to create a joint Georgian-Abkhaz administration in Gali, but the Abkhaz side rejected the proposal. The UNOMIG and Georgian side have proposed the deployment of a U.N. civilian police mission on both sides of the ceasefire line. Since 2003 U.N. police
have been present on the Georgian-controlled side, but de facto Abkhaz authorities oppose their deployment in Gali, because it would undermine their own political authority.
Georgia has also reported several cases of forcible recruitment of Georgian returnees into the Abkhaz military, but the Sukhumi-based authorities categorically deny this, claiming that all citizens are obliged to serve, but no
one is forcibly recruited. Threats made by Georgian security services (aimed at the prevention of the participation of the district's residents in the elections and against the inhabitants of the district working in its administration) were also reported.
After the Russian-Georgian war of August 2008, the situation in Gali significantly deteriorated with the Russian and Abkhaz military buildup and increased pressure on local Georgians from the Abkhaz authorities. In April 2009, the OSCE High Commissioner on National Minorities called om "the de facto authorities to put an end to the pressure being exercised on the Georgian population in the Gali District through the limitation of their education rights, compulsory "passportization", forced conscription into the Abkhaz military forces and restrictions on their freedom of movement."
On July 31, 2009, the breakaway region's Parliament passed amendment to the law making ethnic Georgians living in Gali district eligible for the Abkhaz citizenship. The move triggered wave of protest among opposition groups forcing the Parliament to revoke its decision on August 6.
Administration.
On 11 February 1991, the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of Georgia dismissed Rabo Shonia as District Soviet Chairman and appointed Edisher Janjulia as Prefect. The Supreme Soviet and the Soviet of Ministers of the Abkhazian ASSR subsequently condemned this decision as a violation of their authority and appealed to the Georgian Supreme Soviet to reconsider.
After the March 2004 Assembly elections, Yuri Kvekveskiri was appointed Administration Head, while Kishmaria became Chairman of the Assembly. Kvekveskiri did not participate in the March 2007 elections, but remained acting Administration Head until Beslan Arshba was appointed as his successor on 23 May 2007.
Economy.
The Gali district is a rich agricultural area for tea, citrus, hazelnuts and vegetables. The Inguri hydroelectric station, a major supplier to Abkhazia and part of Georgia proper, is located on the Abkhaz-Georgian ceasefire line and is operated jointly.
Gali's residents are allowed to relatively freely cross into the neighboring Georgian districts, but must pay 50 Russian roubles. Customs fees are also levied upon any goods they are carrying into/out of Georgia proper.
The district's 2006 budget was 7.5 million Russian roubles ($300,000) but 30 per cent is tax revenue forwarded to Sukhumi. The remaining 70 per cent is spent on salaries, pensions and administration expenses. However, the district's budget does not include allocations from the central budget, which tend to be ad hoc, dependent on particular needs. The infrastructure remains in the state of collapse and, in spite of the limited international humanitarian aid, the majority of returnees continue to live in damaged houses or temporary shelters.

</doc>
<doc id="20713856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713856" title="File Streaming Technology">
File Streaming Technology

File Streaming Technology is the term used by Alesis for the proprietary file system used for their ADAT HD24 recorder which was released in 2001. FST is most notable for being designed from the ground up for audio purposes. 
Limitations.
The FST file system uses unsigned 32-bit sector addressing, allowing it to work with drive capacities up to 2 Terabyte.
The file system has gone through two major revisions; FST version 1.0 and the latest version, FST version 1.10. The latter adds long file names (64 characters, as opposed to 10 characters in 1.00) as well as the possibility to create up to 99 projects, each containing up to 99 songs.
The file system has an undo space of roughly 3 minutes in size (1 track, 48 kHz 24 bit audio)[http://www.soundonsound.com/sos/Feb02/articles/alesishd24.asp]. FST stores audio of several tracks in an interlaced/adjacent manner. FST does not support virtual tracks, and as such the HD24 recorder based on it behaves much like a tape-based recorder.
Patents.
According to Alesis, the file system is patent pending; however, no patents for FST are known to have been published to this date, suggesting that the patent was rejected or that the patent process was never completed.
Specifications.
Since the release of the HD24, several people have had varying levels of success in reverse-engineering the FST file system specifications for interoperability purposes. This has resulted in usable third-party software capable of reading HD24 drives.

</doc>
<doc id="20713868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713868" title="Flight for Freedom">
Flight for Freedom

Flight for Freedom (aka "Stand to Die") is a 1943 American drama film directed by Lothar Mendes. Film historians and Earhart scholars consider "Flight for Freedom" an "a-clef" version of the Amelia Earhart life story concentrating on the sensational aspects of her disappearance during her 1937 world flight. The film's ending speculated that the main character's disappearance was connected to a secret mission to aid the U.S. government.
Plot.
Tonie Carter (Russell) is a well-known aviator who is fighting the built-in prejudice against women pilots in the aviation establishment of the 1930s. After setting flight records, she embarks on a top-secret mission. Although she is in love with fellow aviator Randy Britton (MacMurray), he does not approve of the flight, nor does her flight instructor, Paul Turner (Marshall), as it involves flying over Japanese held territory in the Pacific. Carter vanishes during the latter part of the world flight, triggering a massive search which proves fruitless.
Cast.
As per screen credits:
Production.
"Flight for Freedom" was produced by RKO, whose CEO, Floyd Odlum, was married to Jacqueline Cochran, one of Earhart's close friends and a renowned aviator in her own right. Claimed to be based on a screenplay submitted by Amelia Earhart's husband, George P. Putnam, Rosalind Russell's characterization of the Earhart-like aviator Tonie Carter, shows Carter establishing a reputation as "the Lady Lindbergh" and setting numerous aviation records. Other characters are loosely drawn from real life, such as Earhart confidant and instructor, Paul Mantz as well as Fred Noonan, albeit in the role of pilot Randy Britton.
Principal photography was completed from late-August to late-October 1942, with additional scenes shot in December, the release was held back to coincide with the headline news surrounding the Battle of Midway.
Reception.
Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" in his contemporary review, echoed the popular notion that the film was based on the life of Amelia Earhart. His lukewarm review touched on the central theme as being tacitly untenable.
Accolades.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Albert S. D'Agostino, Carroll Clark, Darrell Silvera and Harley Miller).

</doc>
<doc id="20713876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713876" title="Isabel le Despenser, Countess of Arundel">
Isabel le Despenser, Countess of Arundel

Isabel le Despenser (1312–1356) was the eldest daughter of Hugh Despenser the Younger and Eleanor de Clare. She was descended from Edward I of England through her mother, while her father is famous for being the favorite of Edward II of England.
Marriage.
Though he had stood against Edward II in the past, Edmund FitzAlan, 9th Earl of Arundel had loyally supported him since the 1320s. Thus it must have seemed to be politically prudent to Edmund to marry his heir Richard to the eldest daughter of the King's closest friend and adviser Hugh le Despenser. For Hugh's part, a large incentive for him must have been that he could expect his daughter Isabel would one day become Countess of Arundel.
On 9 February 1321 at the royal manor Havering-atte-Bower, Isabel was duly married to Richard FitzAlan, the heir to the earldom of Arundel. Isabel was only eight at the time, while Richard was fifteen (not seven as has been claimed). Their respective ages would come up later when Richard would try to seek an annulment.
Annulment.
Richard and Isabel had one son, Edmund Fitzalan, born in 1327, and in 1331 Isabel's husband became earl of Arundel. However in December 1344 Richard Fitzalan had their marriage annulled on the grounds that he had never freely consented to marry Isabel and that they both had renounced their vows at puberty but had been "forced by blows to cohabit, so that a son was born". Isabel retired to several manors in Essex that were given to her by her ex-husband. Richard quickly remarried Eleanor of Lancaster, with whom he had apparently been having an affair.
Richard and Isabel's only child, Edmund Fitzalan, was rendered illegitimate by this annulment and so was unable to inherit his father's earldom. When his father died in 1376 Edmund quarreled with his half-siblings, the children of his father's second marriage, over inheritance rights. Edmund was imprisoned in the Tower of London until he was released in 1377 by request of his brothers-in-law.
Father's execution.
After their father was executed for treason in 1326, Isabel and her youngest sister Elizabeth were the only daughters of Hugh the Younger to escape being confined in nunneries, Isabel because she was already married and Elizabeth because of her youth.

</doc>
<doc id="20713885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713885" title="Cherrybrook Kitchen">
Cherrybrook Kitchen

Cherrybrook Kitchen is a privately held company producing baking products for the food allergy market. The company was founded in 2004 by Patsy Rosenberg and is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts. Chip Rosenberg serves as President and CEO. 
Cherrybrook Kitchen was founded in response to the growing number of children and adults diagnosed with food allergies. 11 million adults and children are affected by peanut, dairy, egg and nut allergens, while approximately one in 133 Americans suffers from Celiac Disease.
Cherrybrook Kitchen offers two lines of gourmet baking mixes: Original and Gluten Free. The Original Line includes all-natural gourmet baking mixes that are free of peanuts, dairy, eggs and nuts; the gluten free line, introduced in 2005 as "Gluten Free Dreams", is made with rice flour and is free of gluten and wheat in addition to peanuts, dairy, eggs and nuts. .
In 2009, the firm announced a new partnership with "Arthur", the award-winning book series and PBS program. 
The firm received a 2008 Kids Food Award from Kiwi Magazine and was recently named one of Parents Magazine's "Best Snacks for Kids with Food Allergies."
Manufacturing.
All of Cherrybrook Kitchen’s products are produced in a completely nut-free facility using dedicated equipment that do not share dairy or egg products. The mixes are routinely tested for allergen cross-contaminants. All of its products have been accepted by the Feingold Association, an organization dedicated to helping children and adults establish allergen-free diets . The mixes are also kosher, vegan certified and cholesterol free.

</doc>
<doc id="20713930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713930" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1925–1928">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1925–1928

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 3 June 1925 election and the 30 May 1928 election. The Liberal grouping was a minor party which had split from the Nationalists.

</doc>
<doc id="20713938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713938" title="Harley Miller">
Harley Miller

Harley Miller was an American set decorator. He was nominated an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Flight for Freedom".

</doc>
<doc id="20713961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713961" title="Water ball">
Water ball

A water ball or water walking ball is a large inflatable sphere that allows a person inside it to walk across the surface of a body of water. The giant ball is usually two metres in diameter and has a zippered entrance to allow for easy entry and exit. The water ball is similar to the zorb, but it has only one layer and is designed for water travel rather than down-hill rolling. In the United Kingdom, the balls have been used at swimming pools, marinas and lakes in an effort to keep children fit.
History.
One of the first water balls appeared in the film Diamonds Are Forever (1971) and in the Beach Boys music video, "Getcha Back" (1985). Charles Blane Jones designed the first water ball for public distribution in 1998.
Dangers.
The United States Government has warned of the dangers of using the balls, saying it "does not know of any safe way" to avoid the dangers of suffocation and drowning, among other hazards. There are recorded instances of children fainting and crashing onto hard surfaces while inside the balls, and the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has encouraged amusement ride officials not to allow their use. The Commission chairman declared an intention to pursue the safety investigation further.
Charles Jones from Oklahoma developed a water ball commercially in 1998. He was invited by a British reporter to visit London to demonstrate the ball on a lake. As soon as he attempted to walk across the water, he lost his balance and fell. The ball deflated and filled rapidly with icy water. He was saved from sinking below the surface when an assistant dragged the ball back to dry land using a safety line, witnessed by a crowd of tourists.
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has warned of the dangers of the balls being used in a safe manner. The Commission is aware of two incidents involving water balls. In one, a child was found unresponsive after being inside the ball for a very brief period of time, and emergency medical treatment was sought. In the second incident, a person inside a ball suffered a fracture when it fell out of the shallow, above-ground pool onto hard ground.
Construction.
Many water balls are constructed from polyvinyl chloride (PVC) 0.6–0.7mm thick. Thermoplastic polyurethanes (TPU) are the best choice for use in cold weather or on snow. Some water balls are made from a PVC–TPU mix. More expensive balls use 100% TPU. Balls are typically made in China, and come in various sizes. A typical water ball stores flat and weighs 15 kilograms, and can be inflated in under a minute with a good air pump. Some models also have hand grips on the inside or outside, and the surface can be printed on.

</doc>
<doc id="20713970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713970" title="Perry N. Halkitis">
Perry N. Halkitis

Perry N. Halkitis (born February 24, 1963) is an American psychologist known for his research on issues of health, human behavior, and developmental psychology, with a specific application to the domains of HIV/AIDS, substance abuse, and mental health burden.
Background and career.
Halkitis received his B.A. in Biology and Psychology from Columbia University, his masters in Education/Human Development and Learning from City University of New York (CUNY): Hunter College, a Masters of Philosophy in Educational Psychology from CUNY: Graduate Center, and a Ph.D. in Quantitative Methods in Educational and Psychological Research from CUNY: Graduate Center. Halkitis is Associate Dean for Research & Doctoral Studies, Professor of Applied Psychology and Public Health, and Director of the Center for Health, Identity, Behavior & Prevention Studies (CHIBPS) at the Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development, a division of New York University. Halkitis has been actively involved in governance with the American Psychological Association
Committee on Psychology and AIDS, (COPA) 2010-2012 and the Committee on Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Concerns, (2009-2009, Chair 2009)</ref> Halkitis is also a research affiliate of the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center at New York University School of Medicine. and Co-Director of the New York University's Clinical and Translational Science Institute TL1 Predoctoral Program. Prior to his current positions, Halkitis was Director of Research at Gay Men's Health Crisis. He is internationally recognized for his work examining the intersection between the HIV, drug abuse, and mental health syndemics, and is well known as one of the nation’s leading experts on addictions, specially methamphetamine. In addition, Halkitis has undertaken extensive work in psychometrics.
Degrees held.
Ph.D. Graduate Center, City University of New York 1995
Psychology: Quantitative Methods in Psychology & Education
M.Phil. Graduate Center, City University of New York 1993
Educational Psychology
M.S. Hunter College, City University of New York 1988
Education/Human Development & Learning
B.A. Columbia University 1984
Biology & Psychology
Research.
Halkitis’ research examines how risk taking is influenced by interpersonal, contextual and cultural factors, especially with regard to the AIDS pandemic and drug abuse in the United States, and this research has been funded by the National Institutes of Health, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, New York City Department of Health, New York State AIDS Institute, United Way of America, and American Psychological Foundation.
The focus of his research involves health, human behavior, and development, with a specific application to the domains of HIV/AIDS and drug abuse. Halkitis has been able to address some of most important social and public health issues of our time. These areas of inquiry are extremely important, because while primarily rooted in the principles of psychology, they also cross and incorporate the domains of public health, medicine, and education.
Publications.
He recently was lead editor of two volumes: HIV + Sex: The Psychological and Interpersonal Dynamics of HIV-seropositive Gay and Bisexual Men's Relationships. (American Psychological Association, 2005), and Barebacking: Psychosocial and Public Health Perspectives (2006, Haworth Press).
Awards.
Halkitis is recipient of numerous awards from both professional and community-based organizations, and was elected a fellow of the New York Academy of Medicine in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20713983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713983" title="Richard Belmont">
Richard Belmont

Richard Belmont (born 17 May 1965) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Norfolk. He was born in Dronfield, Derbyshire.
Belmont, who represented the team in the Minor Counties Championship in 1988 and the Holt Cup in 1991, made his sole List A appearance for the side in the 1991 NatWest Trophy. Belmont scored 9 runs in the match, and took figures of 1-53 from 13 overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20713994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20713994" title="Isabel le Despenser, Countess of Worcester">
Isabel le Despenser, Countess of Worcester

Isabel le Despenser, Countess of Worcester and Warwick (26 July 1400 – 1439) was the posthumous daughter and eventually the sole heiress of Thomas le Despenser, 1st Earl of Gloucester (d.1399) by his wife, Constance of York. She was born six months after her father had been beheaded for plotting against King Henry IV (1399–1413).
Marriages and progeny.
Isabel married twice, successively to two identically named first-cousins, grandsons of Thomas de Beauchamp, 11th Earl of Warwick (d.1369):

</doc>
<doc id="20714017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714017" title="Novisuccinea ovalis">
Novisuccinea ovalis

Novisuccinea ovalis, common name the oval ambersnail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae, the ambersnails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in North America.
Parasites.
Parasites of "Novisuccinea ovalis" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20714019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714019" title="Gram-negative rosacea">
Gram-negative rosacea

Gram-negative rosacea is a cutaneous condition that clinically looks like stage II or III rosacea.

</doc>
<doc id="20714020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714020" title="BURT Retractable Bindings">
BURT Retractable Bindings

BURT bindings are classified as plate-style snow ski bindings that were invented in the 1970s by Burton A. Weinstein. Their unique feature was two retractable cables for each ski that would extend and retract instead of having your ski come off your foot in a fall.

</doc>
<doc id="20714021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714021" title="List of vegetables in Assam">
List of vegetables in Assam

This is the list of culinary vegetables used in the Cuisine of Assam. This list is incomplete and ultimately would contain the local names along with their common English as well as scientific names.

</doc>
<doc id="20714033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714033" title="Igstadt">
Igstadt

Igstadt is an eastern borough of Wiesbaden, capital of the state of Hesse, Germany. It was incorporated into Wiesbaden on April 1, 1928 and currently has about 2100 residents.
Igstadt is situated on the eastern slope of the Wäschbachtal valley at an elevation of 169 to 211 m above sea level. It is traversed by the Wiesbaden-Niedernhausen rail line. It is surrounded by agricultural land. Recreational areas include the Wickerbachtal Nature Reserve between Igstadt and Kloppenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="20714058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714058" title="Rosacea conglobata">
Rosacea conglobata

Rosacea conglobata is a severe rosacea that shows a reaction which mimics acne conglobata with hemorrhagic nodular abscesses and indurated plaques.

</doc>
<doc id="20714072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714072" title="Breathe Slow">
Breathe Slow

"Breathe Slow" is the second single from Alesha Dixon's second album, "The Alesha Show", released by Asylum Records, a part of Atlantic Records, on 9 February 2009. The song is now Dixon's most successful single to date in the United Kingdom, peaking at number three on the UK Singles Chart. The song was nominated at the BRIT awards 2010 in the Best British single category.
Reception.
Popular blog Popjustice made the single their Song of the Day on 30 December 2008, saying "Everyone loves Alesha Dixon. Most people are quite indifferent about purchasing her musical releases. As time goes by we probably have to accept this as fact, but songs like 'Breathe Slow' do offer some hope that she might 'hit the mark' and have a big proper hit one day."
"Trash Lounge" commented "It's nowhere near the same league as 'The Boy Does Nothing', but 'Breathe Slow' is still a pretty decent offering from its hit-and-miss parent album."
Music video.
The video, directed by Max & Dania was shot entirely in black and white, tells the story of Dixon breaking up with her husband, and her trying to regain composure and forget about it. She is seen entering a quiet café, upon leaving she takes off her coat revealing a show-girl outfit and leaves behind her wedding ring, then walks down a busy Las Vegas street. Meanwhile, Dixon is seen dancing alone in studio. The video ends with her entering the stage door of a show with an Elvis impersonator and two other show-girls stood outside. The video, filmed on location in Las Vegas, clashed with the Ricky Hatton vs. Paulie Malignaggi boxing match and caused shooting problems as many English Hatton supporters recognised Dixon, and subsequently crowds gathered in the street. The video has gained over 10 million hits on YouTube.
Chart performance.
In the United Kingdom, "Breathe Slow" debuted at number 163 on the UK Singles Chart and entered the top 100 the following week at number 92. On 1 February 2009, the song rose into the top ten at number 6, climbed to number 5 the following and managed to peak at number 3 after being released physically on 9 February 2009.
On the Irish Singles Chart, the single debuted at number 48. The song has so far peaked at number 18.

</doc>
<doc id="20714080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714080" title="FC Villefranche">
FC Villefranche

Football Club Villefranche-Beaujolais is a French association football club founded in 1927. They are based in Villefranche-sur-Saône, Rhône-Alpes and are currently playing in the Championnat de France amateur Group B, the fourth tier in the French football league system. They play at the Stade Armand Chouffet in nearby Villefranche-sur-Saône.
History.
Football Club Villefranche-Beaujolais was formed in 1927. The club is notable for their successes achieved in the 1980s and early 1990s before falling into the lower divisions where they currently reside. For the 2007-08 season, club president Jean Gachon stepped down from the position. Gachon was instrumental in helping Villefranche get to the Championnat National in the 1990s. He was succeeded by Christian Du Verne and Fabien Raty, who proceeded to get the club to the Championnat de France Amateurs.
Current squad.
As of November 2009.
Staff.
"Team Chef"
"Head Coach" 
"Assistant Coach"
"Goalkeeper Coach"
Notable players.
Maxime Gonalons

</doc>
<doc id="20714092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714092" title="Phymatous rosacea">
Phymatous rosacea

Phymatous rosacea is a cutaneous condition characterized by overgrowth of sebaceous glands. "Phyma" is the Greek word for swelling, mass, or bulb, and these can occur in various areas of the face and ears in associated with rosacea. Types of phyma seen in rosacea are:

</doc>
<doc id="20714094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714094" title="Out on a Limb">
Out on a Limb

Out on a Limb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20714104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714104" title="Gnathophyma">
Gnathophyma

Gnathophyma involves swelling of the chin.

</doc>
<doc id="20714110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714110" title="Metophyma">
Metophyma

Metophyma refers to cushion-like swellings on the forehead above the saddle of the nose.

</doc>
<doc id="20714116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714116" title="Jerry Mason">
Jerry Mason

Jerry Mason (born 1942, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) was an American singer, songwriter, guitar player, and entertainer during America’s rock and roll era. Mason currently lives in Southern California. Mason is of Romani (Gypsy) heritage.
Mason replaced one of the original members of The Four Lads, singer Bernie Torish, for a while.

</doc>
<doc id="20714120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714120" title="Otophyma">
Otophyma

Otophyma is a cauliflower-like swelling of one or both ears.

</doc>
<doc id="20714122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714122" title="Prussian T 3">
Prussian T 3

The Prussian Class T 3 steam locomotives procured for the Prussian state railways were 0-6-0 tank locomotives. Together with the Prussian T 2 they were the first locomotives that were built to railway norms. The first units were delivered by Henschel in 1882. 
Design.
The T 3's had a wet steam engine with two cylinders that drove the centre coupled axle. The slide valves were worked by an outside Allan valve gear. The water supply was stored in a well tank between the frame under the boiler; the coal bunkers were on the left and right hand side of the firebox. In front of each one was a filler pipe for the water tank.
The springs on both front axles were linked with equalising beams located above the running plate. 
The early T 3's did not have a steam dome, but were equipped with a regulator housing on top, from which the admission pipes led directly to the cylinders outside the boiler. The axle load of this locomotive was about 10 t (see first photo).
Later batches (from 1887) had a steam dome, and the admission pipes were located in the smokebox. Due to the addition of the steam dome, the location of the sand box and sanders were changed. In addition the quantities of water and coal that could be carried were increased. The back wall of the cab was now straight and the lower section no longer sloped. The length over buffers increased from 8,300 mm to 8,591 mm, the axle load rose to 11 t (see second photo).
From 1903 the supplies were increased again and the T 3 could now carry 5 m³ of water and 1.9 t of coal. The axle load of this "strengthened standard class" or "Standard class (6t)" ("Normalbauart (6t)") was 12 t.
T 3's for other railways.
A total of more than 1,300 T 3's were built for the Prussian state railways. But many other railways in Germany and abroad, from industrial railways to national railways, also bought locomotives based on the T 3 pattern, including the:
DRG numbering.
In 1925 the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DRG) took over 511 Prussian T 3s as their Class 89.70–75. The 473 locomotives of the older version were given numbers 89 7001–7456, 7473–7476 and 7499–7511. The 38 locomotives of the stronger design were given numbers 89 7457–7472 and 89 7477–7498. 
In incorporating locomotives later on from private railways that they had taken over, the DRG were not very logical. As a result, Class 89.75 ended up with a mixture of various locomotives types, in some cases with numbers that followed directly on from one another. 
After the Second World War.
By the start of 1931 the DRG fleet of T 3s had been reduced to 254 units however, after the Second World War numerous T 3s entered the Deutsche Bundesbahn and Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany, where the last examples were retired in the mid-1960s.
Deutsche Reichsbahn.
After 1945 the Deutsche Reichsbahn in the GDR inherited large numbers of T 3s from industrial and private railways as numbers 89 953, 5901–5903, 6001–6016, 6018, 6101–6132, 6134–6159, 6161, 6163, 6164, 6204–6211, 6215, 6216, 6218, 6220, 6221, 6228–6232, 6235, 6306, 7566–7568, 7571–7573 und 7578. These included several 'genuine' Prussian T 3s.
The former 89 7535 of the Gardelegen-Neuhaldensleben-Weferlingen railway was incorporated in 1949 into the DR fleet and was given number 89 6220. This locomotive was not retired until 1967, the last T 3 in service with the DRG. The last T 3 engine on active duty, however, was the industrial engine at the Warburg Sugar Factory which retired in 1979 .
Four more examples, which came from the "Oderbruchbahn", were converted by the DR in 1960 and equipped with tenders. These engines were numbered 89 6222–6225 One example, 89 6222, was initially given a four-wheeled tender, the others a Class 3 T 12 tender. One of these later replaced the four-wheeled tender as well. The locos finished their service with the Kreisbahn Beeskow–Fürstenwalde which took them on in 1950 and withdrew them in 1968.
Deutsche Bundesbahn.
Around 70 T 3s ended up in the DB, the last one, 89 7538, being retired in 1963. However T 3s appeared briefly in the DB fleet later on. These were the industrial locomotives, nos. 2 and 3 from the Ausbesserungswerk at Schwerte, which were officially added to the DB fleet in 1968 as 089 002 and 089 003. The former locomotive 89 7531 hid behind number 089 003. It was finally retired on 21 June 1968 as the last T 3 in DB service.
Today.
Several T 3s have been preserved today by museums, some being still operational. To these belong one of the locomotives with a tender, number 89 6009 (89 7403 before its conversion), which is a DB AG museum locomotive stabled at the Dresden Transport Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20714123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714123" title="1969 Michigan Wolverines football team">
1969 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 1969 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 1969 college football season. In their first year under head coach Bo Schembechler, the Wolverines compiled an 8–3 record (6–1 Big Ten), played in the 1970 Rose Bowl, and finished the season ranked #9 in the final AP poll and #8 in the final UPI poll. 
The 1969 Michigan vs. Ohio State football game was considered one of the biggest upsets in college football history, as Ohio State came into the game with an 8-0 record, a 22-game winning streak and the #1 ranking in the polls. Michigan defeated Ohio State 24-12 in front of a crowd of 103,588 at Michigan Stadium to win the Big Ten Conference's berth in the Rose Bowl. The game was also the first in a series that came to be known as "The Ten-Year War," a 10-year span during which Michigan under Bo Schembechler battled Ohio State under Woody Hayes, under whom Schembechler had served as both a player at Miami University and an assistant coach at Ohio State. Four times between 1970 and 1975, Ohio State and Michigan were both ranked in the top five of the AP Poll before their matchup. 
Bo Schembechler suffered a heart attack the night before the 1970 Rose Bowl game against an undefeated USC team. The Wolverines lost the Rose Bowl in a defensive struggle by a score of 10-3.
Team captain and tight end Jim Mandich was selected as the 1969 team's most valuable player and as a first-team All-American. Defensive back Tom Curtis was also selected as a first-team All-American, and seven members of the team, including Dan Dierdorf, received first-team All-Big Ten honors. Sophomore tailback Billy Taylor was the team's leading rusher and an All-Big Ten honoree. Thirteen members of the 1969 team went on to play professional football, and four players (Mandich, Curtis, Dierdorf and offensive guard Reggie McKenzie) were inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Game notes.
Wisconsin.
Billy Taylor ran 37 and 51 yards for touchdowns in the first quarter and Barry Pierson added a 51-yard punt return in the second as Michigan overwhelmed Wisconsin in front of a wet, homecoming crowd. Taylor, playing in place of the injured Glenn Doughty, ran for 143 of Michigan's 183 rushing yards in the first half.
Players.
1969 team players in the NFL.
The following players were claimed in the 1970 NFL Draft.
Eighteen members of the 1969 team went on to play professional football. They are: Tom Beckman (St.Louis Cardinals, 1972, Memphis Grizzlies, 1974-1975), Tom Curtis (Baltimore Colts, 1970-1971), Thom Darden (Cleveland Browns, 1972-1981), Dan Dierdorf (St. Louis Cardinals, 1971-1983), Glenn Doughty (Baltimore Colts, 1972-1979), Fred Grambau (Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Montreal Alouettes); Marty Huff (San Francisco 49ers, 1972; Edmonton Eskimos, 1973; Charlotte Hornets, 1974-1975), Mike Keller (Dallas Cowboys, 1972), Jim Mandich (Miami Dolphins, 1970-1977; Pittsburgh Steelers, 1978), Reggie McKenzie (Buffalo Bills, 1972-1982; Seattle Seahawks, 1983-1984), Guy Murdock (Houston Oilers, 1974; Chicago Fire/Winds, 1974-1975), Pete Newell (BC Lions, 1971); Cecil Pryor (Memphis Southmen), Fritz Seyferth (Calgary Stampeders, 1972); Paul Seymour (Buffalo Bills, 1973-1977), Paul Staroba (Cleveland Browns, 1972; Green Bay Packers, 1973), Billy Taylor (Calgary Stampeders, 1972), and Mike Taylor (New York Jets, 1972-73).

</doc>
<doc id="20714128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714128" title="Blepharophyma">
Blepharophyma

Blepharophyma refers to chronic swelling of eyelids, mainly due to sebaceous gland hyperplasia.

</doc>
<doc id="20714148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714148" title="My Love (2007 film)">
My Love (2007 film)

My Love (; also known as Love, First) is a 2007 South Korean film. 
Plot.
Three couples and one single man experience the miracle of love during the Christmas season. Joo-won, who is prone to daydreams and flights of fancy, shares a loving relationship with her subway driver boyfriend Se-jin. College student So-hyeon falls in love with fellow student Ji-woo, and asks him for drinking lessons despite her inability to handle alcohol. Career woman Soo-jeong is attracted to widowed father Jeong-seok, though he continually rejects her advances. And oddball "free hug activist" Jin-man returns to Seoul hoping to meet his old girlfriend.
Release.
"My Love" was released in South Korea on December 18, 2007, and on its opening weekend was ranked fifth at the box office with 182,097 admissions. The film went on to receive a total of 977,859 admissions nationwide, and as of February 3, 2008 had grossed a total of .

</doc>
<doc id="20714157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714157" title="Kifayatullah Dihlawi">
Kifayatullah Dihlawi

Muḥammad Kifāyatullāh ibn ‘Ināyatullāh Shāhjahānpūrī Dihlawī (; c. 1875c. 31 December 1952), known as Mufti Kifayatullah, was a Indian Islamic scholar. He occupied a prominent position among Indian Muslims and provided them with guidance through various spiritual and political turmoils for nearly fifty years. He was a leading educationist. His "fataawa" were remarkable for their impartiality, fearlessness, and grasp of the problem. The final years of his life were devoted to educational and social work.
Lineage.
Hazrat Mufti's ancestors hailed from Yemen, but his great-grandfathers were traders from Bahrain, who would travel to India to sell their goods. Once, his family was aboard a ship that ran into a storm and sank. There were no survivors except for a Shaikh Jamaluddin Yamani, who used a piece of debris to float to the shore. At the shore, he was found by a man from Bhopal, who adopted him. Shaikh Jamaluddin Yamani eventually married into a local family. The sinking of the ship is estimated to have occurred approximately three hundred years before Hazrat Mufti's birth. After Shaikh Jamaluddin Yamani, there is no detailed record of Hazrat Mufti's ancestors. At an unknown time, Hazrat Mufti's family shifted from Bhopal to Shahjahanpur. Hazrat Mufti's father, Shaikh Inayatullah, was an extremely noble and pious man. He had four sons and two daughters, but was rather poor.
Early life.
Hazrat Allama Mufti ul A'dham Moulana Kifayatullah ibn Inayatullah ibn Faidhullah ibn Khairullah ibn 'Ibadullah Dehlvi was born in Shahjahanpur, a district in Uttar Pradesh, India in 1875. At the age of five, he commenced his education at the "maktab" of Hafiz Barakatullah. There, he completed the Qur'an and obtained instruction in Urdu and elementary Persian from Hafiz Nasimullah. Thereafter, he enrolled at Madrasa 'Azeeziya. There, he completed his Persian studies, studying the most advanced "kitab" of Persian, "Sikandar Naama", and commenced his Arabic studies under Hafiz Budhun Khan. Then, Hazrat Mufti was sent with a letter of recommendation from his teacher, Moulana 'Ubaidul Haq, to the administrator of the Madrasa 'Arabiya at Shahi Masjid in Muradabad. He was admitted and remained at the residence of Hafiz Muhammad Isma'il. Since his father was poor, Hazrat Mufti covered his educational expenses by weaving and selling "topis". He studied there for two years. Hazrat Mufti then enrolled at Darul Uloom Deoband in 1895. Because of his memory and intelligence, he did not exert as much effort, but quickly overtook his classmates and earned the highest marks on his examinations. He completed his studies at Darul Uloom Deoband in 1898 at the age of twenty-two
Career as a Teacher.
After his graduation, Hazrat Mufti remained in Delhi for some time with his close friend, Moulana Aminuddin. Then, he returned to Shahjahanpur, where his former teacher, 'Ubaidul Haq, had founded Madrasa 'Ainul 'Ilm. Hazrat Mufti became a teacher there and handled the secretarial and administrative duties. Hazrat Mufti also taught Arabic and Persian. His salary was fifteen rupees per month. Along with his duties as a teacher and administrator, Hazrat Mufti started to answer "fataawa" during this period. In his answer to each "fatwa", Hazrat Mufti was meticulous and cautious and would answer with well-written evidence. While at Madrasa 'Ainul 'Ilm, Hazrat Mufti also started a monthly periodical, "Al Burhan", in response to the Ahmadis, known as Qadianis by mainstream Muslims. The first issue was published in Sha'baan of 1321 AH and made an attempt to refute Ahmadi beliefs.
Around this time, the financial condition of Madrasa 'Ainul 'Ilm started to deteriorate. Thus, in 1321 AH, the teachers' salaries were reduced. Hazrat Mufti's salary was reduced from eighteen to sixteen rupees per month. However, he remained at Madrasa 'Ainul 'Ilm for five more years until the death of his teacher, Maulana 'Ubaidul Haq Khan. Thereafter, Hazrat Mufti moved to Delhi and became a teacher at Madrasa Aminia. Besides teaching hadith and answering "fataawa", Hadhrat Mufti managed the organizational affairs of the madrasa. His salary was twenty rupees per month. In Delhi, Hazrat Mufti quickly became renowned. Dignitaries and people of the upper-class would consult him in their political and religious affairs and would benefit from his advice. The courts of law benefited from his presence as well. After his arrival at Madrasa Aminia, Hazrat Mufti commenced a step-by-step implementation of beneficial reforms to the educational structure of the madrasa. Then, in 1328 AH, he initiated an assembly called "Anjuman Islahul Kalaam". The purpose of this gathering was to teach students how to deliver speeches and debate. Every eighth day, each student had to deliver a speech or engage in a dialogue and Hazrat Mufti would help. This assembly was successful in its aim, but was eventually ended due to a lack of participation. After fifty years, Hazrat Mufti had answered hundreds of thousands of "fataawa" and his rulings are a treasure to fiqh. The "fataawa" of Hadhrat Mufti were extremely concise yet full of well-written evidence. His "fataawa" were always answered according to the intent of the questioner. It was for this reason that he was renowned among common folk as well as the officials of the courts of law, who would prefer his rulings in religious cases.
Political career.
On August 18, 1917, when Britain promised India self-rule and self-government, Hazrat Mufti realised that, if the 'Ulama did not join the political movements and direct the Muslims, then mistakes would result which could be harmful to the Muslims. Thus, with this motive, the Ulama joined the Muslim League at its eleventh convention in Delhi.
In 1919, a gathering of 'Ulama was held, in which twenty-five men participated. They were unanimous upon a plan to establish a united body of the 'Ulama of India, the name of which should be Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind. Hazrat Mufti was selected as the temporary head. Upon the invitation of Moulana Sayyid Mahmud Dawud Ghazwani, the first assembly of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind was scheduled for December in Amritsar. Thus, at the end of the year of 1919, a conference of the Muslim League and Indian National Congress was held in Amritsar, along with the second meeting of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind, in which seventy to eighty of the most prominent 'Ulama of India were present. Though this was a private meeting, the matters of the constitution and future methodology of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind were settled. With regards to the charter, constitution, and future directions of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind, there were differences among the 'Ulama. However, Hazrat Mufti utilized his statesmanship and unmatched acumen to resolve all of the disputes within a few hours.
After the rise of the Shuddhi Movement in 1922, as a result of which thousands of Muslims were forced to convert to Hinduism, Hazrat Mufti dispatched the first deputation for tabligh to the areas where the Arya Samaj movement had been most active. However, still not satisfied, he decided to travel himself with a deputation to the area of Achchitra. Hazrat Mufti's manner in speech and mode of address was according to the level of intellect of the villagers. They were much affected by Hazrat Mufti's impressive yet simple speech and returned to Islam.
In 1926, it was proposed that a representative gathering of Muslims from all over the world would be held. The conference was planned for June 7, 1926. It was to be attended by selected delegates from all of the Muslim countries. Hazrat Mufti demanded of Sultan Ibn Sa'ud that the conference also address the formation of the government of Hijaz. Thus, this issue was added to the agenda. In May 1926, the delegation of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind departed from Bombay aboard a ship called "Akbar" with the delegates of the Khilafat Committee. Hazrat Mufti enthusiastically participated in the proceedings of the conference, presenting various suggestions for the establishment of the administrative structure of Hijaz to its scholars and Sultan Ibn Sa'ud himself.
Though Hazrat Mufti had not engaged in any illegal activities during his political endeavours, he was imprisoned twice, first in 1930 and then in 1932, on account of his outspoken speeches and involvement in civil disobedience and rallies. The first time he was imprisoned, he remained in Delhi for a few days, but was then moved to Gujrat. The second time he was arrested, he remained in Multan. While in prison, Hazrat Mufti engaged in teaching his fellow prisoners and even stitching the clothes of others. Moulana Ahmad Sa'id Dehlvi relates that various religious and political meetings were held among the prisoners.
In support of the oppressed Palestinians, Hazrat Mufti and the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind established "Majlis Tahaffuz-e-Filisteen", which collected funds to support their cause. On August 26, 1938, all of India held a "Palestine Day" of rallies and protests against the Partition of Palestine and it was decided that there would be a world gathering of Muslims to protest this action. Thus, on October 17, 1938, a Palestine Conference was held in Cairo. However, Hazrat Mufti became ill on the journey to Egypt and was unable to participate in the conference. Thus, he was represented and his speech was read by Moulana 'Abdul Haq Madani.
Noble Characteristics.
Hazrat Mufti was the example of a true and sincere Alim. He was of a respectable and solemn nature, yet he was kind and polite to people. He conformed to the Sunnah and would do his work by himself. He was always ready to help the poor. From an early age, Hazrat Mufti displayed such self-respect and self-restraint that, even in dire financial conditions, he did not accept financial aid from anyone but worked himself to earn a livelihood. As a teacher, he passed his life with a low salary. He was of simple nature and would not only buy his own groceries from the market by himself, but would also buy his neighbours' groceries. He would cook his own food and stitch his own clothes and, in prison, he did the same for his fellow prisoners.
His wonderful qualities have been best enumerated by those who accompanied him on his travels for Hajj and to Egypt or who were with him in the prisons of Gujrat and Multan. They report that, en route for Hajj, Hazrat Mufti helped and served his fellow travellers as much as he could. He would even wash their clothes and hang them to dry. During Hajj, Hadhrat Mufti would secretly perform Tahajjud Salah and always remain in silent worship. At night, he would stroll through the streets of Mecca and Medina, distributing alms.
Literary career.
From an early age, Hazrat Mufti enjoyed reading and writing. His first major endeavour was the magazine, "Al Burhan", which he wrote in refutation of the Ahmadi beliefs, also known as Qadiani by mainstream Muslims. His second major work was an Arabic poem, "Raudur Rayyaahin", which was published in 1909. It was first presented at the annual convention of Madrasa Aminia in 1908. The eloquence and grandeur of the poem was such that Hazrat Mufti was requested to and produced an Urdu translation with footnotes, providing more details than and explaining difficult words from the original. Hazrat Mufti's most renowned publication is "Ta'limul Islam", four volumes of questions and answers for children in simple language. This contained details of the fundamental beliefs and practices of Islam. Hadhrat Mufti wrote various other religious treatises which were published as books, but are no longer available. Though Hadhrat Mufti was a prominent scholar and able writer, his literary works are few. The reason is that his teaching, political activities, domestic activities, and answering "fataawa" busied him to such an extent that he had no time to write.
Final Years & Death.
During the final years of his life, due to the deterioration of the immoralities of the society, clashes between Hindus and Muslims, and various other reasons, Hazrat Mufti completely withdrew himself from politics. For the final ten years of his life, Hazrat Mufti was completely reclusive. He was much disturbed by the events occurring in the India and refrained from even commenting. The final months of his life were marked by severe illness due to the swelling of his liver. It showed no improvement despite the best medical treatment. Finally, on December 31, 1952, Hazrat Mufti died at 10:30 PM, at the age of seventy-seven. The following day, his Salaatul Janaaza was attended by 100 000 Muslims from Delhi. Hadhrat Mufti was buried near Hadhrat Khwaja Qutbuddin Bakhtiar Kaki, in Mehrauli, Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="20714248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714248" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1928–1931">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1928–1931

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 30 May 1928 election and the 9 May 1931 election. The 1928 election failed to deliver a majority, and the Nationalists' John McPhee took over from Labor's Joseph Lyons as Premier of Tasmania. Lyons subsequently retired from state politics, obtaining election to the Federal seat of Wilmot and going on to become Prime Minister of Australia in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20714249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714249" title="Memorial Chapel, The Leys School">
Memorial Chapel, The Leys School

The Memorial Chapel of The Leys is situated on the grounds of The Leys School, Cambridge, England. It was built as a memorial to the first headmaster of The Leys, William Fiddian Moulton. Plans for the chapel, designed by architect Robert Curwen, were first presented to the school's second headmaster, W.T.A. Barber; he deemed the project an unnecessary luxury. School services continued to be held instead in the school hall, until 1904 when the school governors approved the chapel's construction. The cost, including all furnishings, was estimated in 1925 to have been £39,000. 
The foundation stone was laid at the marble West Door by Princess Helena of Waldeck and Pyrmont on 8 June 1905 and the chapel was consecrated on 27 October 1906. The building's design is Gothic, to complement the surrounding buildings. All visible woodwork is in oak. The roof comprises elaborately worked tussels and tracery work, somewhat after the lines of the famous roof of Westminster Hall. The floor is of alternating black and white marble. The chapel was designed to seat 350 boys, with the west balcony reserved for household staff.
Memorials.
In 1914, 927 Leysians joined the armed services and 146 of them died. A memorial to the old Leysians who died, costing £48,000 and funded by donation, was on 6 June 1920 unveiled by the Duke of York. The memorial consists of four rows of names divided in the middle by a statue of an armoured St George, below which is written "To The Immortal Memory of Old Leysians Who Fell In The War Of 1914–1919", and in large block capitals the words "My Marks And Scars With Me To Be A Witness For Me That I Have Fought His Battles Who Now Will Be My Reward."
Stained Glass.
The Chapel has fourteen windows; the Governors commissioned H. J. Salisbury to decorate them all according to a unified theme. The work was modelled on the windows of the King's College Chapel Cambridge . Because the Leys is a Methodist school, the work was required to be simple and avoid complex symbolism. 
All but one of the windows depicts passages from the New Testament concerning the story of Christ; the large window over the main entrance instead shows ten Old Testament subjects forecasting the coming of The Messiah.
The Pulpit.
The Pulpit is made of oak and has a brass inscription reading "To the Glory of God and for the Preaching of His holy word this Pulpit was carved by Anne Hobson, Helen Mary Chubb, and George Hayter Chubb, and presented by the latter to The Leys, October, 1906."
Benches.
There are thirty-two oak benches in The Chapel, thirty with square ends and two with sloping ends.

</doc>
<doc id="20714260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714260" title="Éric Sabin">
Éric Sabin

Éric Sabin (born 22 August 1974 in Sarcelles, Val-d'Oise) is a French-born Martiniquais professional footballer, who currently plays for Nîmes Olympique.
Club career.
Sabin started his professional career at Nîmes Olympique and has played for several English clubs, Swindon Town, QPR (where he scored once against Grimsby), Boston United, Northampton Town and Oxford United. He also played for some other lower league outfits in France.
International career.
Sabin played 3 games for Martinique at the 2008 Caribbean Cup, scoring 4 goals.

</doc>
