<doc id="20833471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833471" title="Orphan's Christmas">
Orphan's Christmas

An orphan's Christmas is a party thrown for orphans, who do not have relations or families capable of throwing their own party. It may be sponsored by the local municipal government or by the local church; due to the police and firefighter's Widows and Orphans Fund, there is also a traditional relationship between these organizations and municipal orphan's Christmas parties. This sort of party is also occasionally called a widows and orphans party
The term is also used for a Christmas holiday celebration attended by adults unable to attend more traditional family celebrations, usually due to inability to travel during the Christmas holiday season. One example could be a party hosted by a social club in a major city where not all the club members can visit their families over the holidays. The celebration may take many forms, from a formal dinner at a restaurant to a dance party to a potluck hosted at one participant's house. 
The term "orphan" is used not in the more traditional sense of lacking family entirely, but to indicate the fact that the attendees are without family for the holiday season. This type of celebration is most common among groups of people living overseas but is also seen in most major cities, where the large population means that statistically some people will not be native and some non-natives will not be able to travel.

</doc>
<doc id="20833484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833484" title="Arizona Sky">
Arizona Sky

Arizona Sky is a 2008 independent gay-themed romantic drama that was written, directed, and produced by Jeff London. Filmed in Lake Havasu City, Arizona and Bakersfield, California in the spirit of "Brokeback Mountain", "Arizona Sky" follows the lives of two young men from rural America who fall in love as teenagers and find a way to rekindle that love later in life.
Plot.
"Arizona Sky" is a romantic story of two high school buddies who reconnect with desire in their hearts. As the film opens, the teenegers Kyle (Kyle Buckland) and Jake (Blaise Embry) are getting together for what appears to be a regular ritual of sleeping under the desert stars. The passions of first love are evident in these two young men. They eat some supper and then curl up on blankets for an evening of necking in the back of Kyle’s truck. This happy interlude is at an end, as Jake is set to move with his dad to the big city.
18 years pass and the film picks up with an adult Jake (Eric Dean) now a successful film producer with a stressed and loveless life. After an anxiety attack, Jake’s assistant Brian (Evan Cuthbert) urges him to take a break from all stresses for the first time in years, encouraging him that it's time to take a vacation and step back from his troubles. This is seconded by Jake's friend Steve (Brent King), who agrees to accompany Jake to his hometown in Arizona to help him find himself and unwind.
Once more in Arizona, Jake finds Kyle's Aunt Elaine (Patricia Place) listed in the local phone book. Through her he finds that Kyle (Jayme McCabe) is a breakfast cook for a local diner as well as a ranch hand and mechanic with his cousin Heath (Emerson Smith). The two now-grown men reconnect and discover the spark is still there. Though Kyle is in the closet with his desires, all of his feelings spill to the surface as he and his old friend get to know each other better.
Reception.
It was an official selection of the Philadelphia Gay and Lesbian International Film Festival. It was reviewed by Duane Simolke in "Twit Magazine" on October 28, 2008 and summarized by Jason Buchanan of "Allmovie". The film has a wide release on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="20833485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833485" title="Woodson's Mill">
Woodson's Mill

Woodson's Mill, also known as Piney River Mill, is a historic grist mill located at Lowesville, Nelson County, Virginia. It is believed to have been built originally for Guiliford Campbell in 1794. The present building has undergone three periods of structural and mechanical improvements, most of which date to the nineteenth century. Sometime after 1900, Dr. Julian B. Woodson added a sophisticated roller mill system for the production of fine white flour and he built his office into the west end of the mill. The mill continues to function with two water wheels and houses an operating cider press.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20833492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833492" title="Carlos Curiel">
Carlos Curiel

Carlos Curiel (born 1913, date of death unknown) is a Mexican diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Monterrey.
In 1932 he finished fifth in the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="20833507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833507" title="Ignace Schott">
Ignace Schott

Ignace Schott de Dabo (July 28, 1818 – March 3, 1883) generally known by the name Ignace Schott, he was a French born artist, etcher and teacher. Born in Dabo, located in the Lorraine region of France, he was a successful ecclesiastic decorator. He worked mostly as a mural painter but also in stained glass and many of his creations have survived to this day. Much of his work from the mid 19th century was created in and around Saverne, France not far from Dabo, but the last thirteen years of his life and career Ignace worked in the Detroit, Michigan area of the United States. He is perhaps best known as the father of the tonalist painters Leon Dabo and Theodore Scott-Dabo.
Life.
None of his personal records are known to exist, thus little of Ignace's early life or artistic training is more than conjecture. Yet there are a few clues. One obituary stated that he was a pupil of Paul Delaroche. His eldest son Leon, also an artist who wrote and lectured on art, stated in an article on religious art that in "Detroit there was a talented Frenchman, Ignace Schott, who was a pupil of Delacroix." Leon also mentioned in some correspondence that his father was a "fellow student of J. M. Whistler's at Gleyre's studio." In a magazine article on stained glass, Leon wrote that Friederichs and Staffin of Detroit had a French designer in the 1870s (Leon's father) who had been trained by Champigneulle. These few hints do fit the timeline of when Ignace would have been studying at the beginning his career.
Much of Ignace's known works are ecclesiastic murals. One of Ignace's first teachers, Eugène Delacroix worked for many years in Paris on a number of mural commissions beginning in 1833. Ignace would have been fifteen years old then, an appropriate time for an apprenticeship. Paul Delaroche taught painting in Paris until 1843, and the Swiss painter Charles Gleyre took over Delaroche's studio and opened it to students twice a week for instruction. It is known that by 1846 Ignace was in Saverne and worked fairly extensively in the area through to 1869, he executed several mural works for the religious community there. The General Inventory of Cultural Heritage for Alsace lists a number of signed works on the walls of Ste Leger Church in Reinhardsmunster, Ste Gallen Church in Siltzhiem, Ste Florent Church in Weislingen, as well as a convent and bishop's residence near Saverne. 
A professor in Saverne from 1849 to 1869, Ignace seems to have also been a professor of aesthetics in Nancy at some point during these two decades. In the late 1850s Ernest Delannoy and James McNeill Whistler traveled through Alsace-Lorraine, their friend of Dabo joined them on a few sketching excursions. It is possible that it was Ignace's workshop in Saverne where Whistler made some of the first etchings for "The French Set". In the 1860s Charles-François Champigneulle worked in stained glass and had his workshop in Metz, just north of Nancy and west of Dabo and Saverne, Ignace was in the right time and place to assist with Champigneulle's work restoring church windows that had been damaged during the revolution.
's relatives from Nancy, the writer, literary and art critic team of Edmond and Jules de Goncourt made their home in Paris, which naturally allowed Ignace access to such literary figures on the liberal Republican left as Victor Hugo and Jules Valles. Through his association with people like Hugo and Valles, then of course his connection to the politically liberal Gleyre, Ignace became very involved in the political arena. The university setting within which he had begun to work may have also stimulated his political activism. Ignace's son Leon would later write "my father founded with Jules Valles a republican newspaper secretly, and was in other ways obnoxious to the Emperor." An obituary of Ignace in the "Boston Evening Transcript", states that he was "made a life sentence by Louis Napoleon."
It is probably due to his association with people like Valles, whom the government of Napoleon III imprisoned twice for press violations by 1868, that he began to feel uneasy with continuing to live in the politically tense France. During the early 1860s Ignace had married a young woman, Madeleine Oberle. Their first child, Leon, was born in 1864, Theodore followed the next year and their first daughter, Leontine came in 1867, and by 1868 Madeleine was pregnant once again. Escaping the political unrest of the Franco-Prussian War, Ignace and his young family fled to America, arriving in New York City on January 5, 1870. Trying to assimilate more easily the Schott family went first to French-speaking Canada, but by June 1870 they had settled in Detroit, Michigan with its large French community.
Most often known as Ignatius Schott in America, he continued to work as an ecclesiastic decorative artist. Some of his work can still be seen at St. Anne's Church, Most Holy Trinity Church and St. Joseph's Church in Detroit, St. Alphonsus in Windsor, Ontario and St. Bonafice of All Saints Parish in New Riegel, Ohio. Numerous mentions were made in the 1870s and early 1880's Michigan newspapers of the work being created by Mr. Schott. The murals at St. Mary of Good Counsel in Adrian, Michigan was one of Ignace's first commissions in America. Then there was the scene from Hamlet he painted in 1875 on a "ten by twenty-eight canvas framed in an ornate cornice over the proscenium arch" at Whitney's Opera House. He did two large canvases for the sanctuary at St. Vincent de Paul's church, one being a depiction of the Holy Family the other was the death of St. Joseph, both paintings were completed for the reopening of the church at the Easter celebration in 1880. Later that same year Schott executed work at Holy Cross Church in Marine City and he or his eldest son painted the Stations of the Cross for St. Stanislaus Kostka church in Bay City. Most if not all of these works have since been either removed or destroyed.
Ignace was also employed for many years by the stained glass firm of Friederichs and Staffin, later known as the Detroit Stained Glass Works. There he created works like the imposing window "The Trinity and The Redemption" that is above the main altar of Most Holy Trinity Church. Ignace did non-ecclesiastic work as well and at least two of his paintings were in the private collection of Detroit architect Gordon W. Lloyd, the "Alsatian Girl" and "Hebe", after Ary Scheffer. Early in 1876, Mr. Lloyd loaned the paintings to the Detroit Art Association for their first exhibition.
In order to keep his identity somewhat hidden, Ignace would invariably alter the spelling of his name. Not only would he and his family use Ignace, but also Ignatius, Ignatz, Ignaz and even Enoch and Engus. The family's surname has appeared as Schott, Schoote, Scott, de Dabo, D. Dabbo, Schott-Dabo, and Scott-Dabo. However, most of his work is either signed Ignace Schott or marked with his monogram, an insignia made with his initials apparently forming an anchor, much the way his young friend James McNeill Whistler would come to use his butterfly.
The eldest two of Ignace and Madeleine's eight children followed their father's profession and were artists of rare talent. Leon Dabo had a long and accomplished career both in America and Europe, yet the younger of the two, Theodore Scott-Dabo, though talented left almost no legacy. Ignace's sons received their initial artistic instruction from their father and both Leon and Theodore would also use a mongram to sign their work.
On a Sunday early in March 1883, the "Detroit Free Press" listed on its front page an obituary column, "Died: SCHOTT – March 3, 7p.m., Ignace Schott, artist, aged 64 years 7 months and 4 days. Funeral from his late residence Monday morning at 9:30, and from St. Anne's Church at 10 o'clock."

</doc>
<doc id="20833510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833510" title="Alois Etthöfer">
Alois Etthöfer

Alois Etthöfer (3 April 1912 — 20 November 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) and Major of Polizei in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Alois Etthöfer was born on the 3 April 1912, at Margetshöchheim and was a member of the NSDAP (party number 4 850 217) and the SS (SS number 152 310).
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in September 1941 and the 1st class award in October 1941. The award of the German Cross came while serving with the 3rd Battery, SS Polizei Artillery Regiment in October 1942.
He was given command of the 4th SS Sturmgeschütz Battalion in June 1943, followed by command of the 4th SS Polizei Panzer Battalion in November 1944. It was while in command of this unit that he was posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross after being killed in action on the 20 November 1944, in Hungary.
He was first recommended for the Knight's Cross in January 1942 but that recommendation was rejected and he was eventually awarded the Knight's Cross posthumously in March 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20833517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833517" title="CTA-102">
CTA-102

In astronomy, CTA 102, also known by its B1950 coordinates as 2230+114 (QSR B2230+114) and its J2000 coordinates as J2232+1143 (QSO J2232+1143), is a quasar discovered in the early 1960s by a radio survey carried out by the California Institute of Technology. It has been observed by a large range of instruments since its discovery, including WMAP, EGRET, GALEX, VSOP and Parkes, and has been regularly imaged by the Very Long Baseline Array since 1995. It has also been detected in gamma rays, and a gamma-ray flare has been detected from it.
In 1963 Nikolai Kardashev proposed that the then-unidentified radio source could be evidence of a Type II or III extraterrestrial civilization on the Kardashev scale. Follow-up observations were announced in 1965 by Gennady Sholomitskii, who found that the object's radio emission was varying; a public announcement of these results caused a worldwide sensation. The idea that the emission was caused by a civilization was rejected when the radio source was later identified as one of the many varieties of a quasar.
C.T.A. 102 is one of the two great false alarms in the history of SETI, the other being the discovery of pulsars, specifically PSR B1919+21, which are rotating neutron stars.
The American folk rock band The Byrds whimsically reflected the original view that CTA-102 was a sign of extraterrestrial intelligence in their song "C.T.A.-102" from their 1967 album "Younger Than Yesterday".

</doc>
<doc id="20833549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833549" title="Laguna Woods Village">
Laguna Woods Village

Laguna Woods Village is an age-restricted community for active adults aged 55 and over. The development, formerly known as Leisure World, was developed by Ross Cortese.
Location.
Laguna Woods Village is located within the City of Laguna Woods, California, incorporated in 1999 as Orange County's 32nd city. Laguna Woods Village comprises approximately ninety percent of the City’s . Laguna Woods is bordered by Irvine, Lake Forest, Laguna Hills, Aliso Viejo, and Laguna Beach. Aliso Creek roughly bisects the community.
The average age of the residents of Laguna Woods Village is 78.
History.
Ross Cortese’s early success in 1961 with Leisure World Seal Beach provided the concept of what would become Laguna Woods Village. Cortese purchased several sites across the nation, including rural of the Moulton Ranch, located in the Saddleback Valley of southern Orange County, California.
Construction of Laguna Woods Village began in the spring of 1963 with an initial phase of 530 units. The first ten homeowners moved into the community September 10, 1964.
In October 2005 the community formally changed its name to what is now known as Laguna Woods Village, to avoid copyright disagreements with the estate of Ross Cortese over the use of the Leisure World name.
Governance structure.
The governance of the community is organized under the California Non Profit Mutual Benefit Corporation Law. There are four such corporations, three of which are mutual housing corporations and the fourth is the Golden Rain Foundation (commonly called GRF). The housing mutuals are responsible for services directly related to housing and common areas and GRF is responsible for all shared community amenities.
Recreation and amenities.
The community has fourteen guarded gates with a private security department that provides traffic enforcement, patrol service and gate control 24 hours a day. Housing consists of one and two bedroom cooperatives as well as one, two or three-bedroom condominia and single family homes. Recreation opportunities include five swimming pools, a 27-hole golf course, a nine-hole course, two fitness centers, ten tennis courts, four paddle tennis courts, seven clubhouses, woodworking and art studios, a sewing room, lawn bowling courts, shuffleboard courts, ping-pong tables, pool tables and other amenities.
There are over 200 official clubs in Laguna Woods Village. Dozens of classes and activities are organized by the community’s recreation department. In addition, nearby Saddleback College offers over 200 emeritus classes within Laguna Woods Village.
Management.
Laguna Woods Village is managed by Professional Community Management, Inc.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20833602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833602" title="William Alfred Preston">
William Alfred Preston

William Alfred Preston (1848–1944) was an MPP in Ontario, Canada from 1905-1911.
Biography.
William Preston was born July 26, 1848 in Bethany, Manvers Township, Durham County, Ontario. He was the son of Major Isaac Preston Jr. (New Amsterdam, New York; Amherst Island, ON, Manvers Township, ON, and Vancouver, BC) and Mary Anne Woodside (Bellin, County Londonderry, Ireland, and Amherst Island, ON.)
Preston was a merchant at Prince Arthur's Landing from 1875-79 where some of his Woodside kin resided. He was acclaimed a councillor for the South Ward of Prince Arthur's Landing in the Municipality of Shuniah 1876/77-1877/78, then was elected at a by-election 10 June 1879 for Crooks Ward. He then became a railway contractor, and in later years was heavily involved in gold mining.
He was first elected to the Ontario Legislature in 1905 as the MPP (Conservative) for Port Arthur and Rainy River; then, re-elected in 1908 and 1911 as the member for Rainy River. After James Arthur Mathieu won the Conservative nomination in 1911, Preston chose to run as a Liberal and was defeated.
He, along with others, had applied for a charter to form the Rainy Lake Pulp and Paper Company in Fort Frances.
After living in California for a number of years, he returned to Winnipeg to live with his daughter Olive Elliott. William Preston died in 1944 in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="20833614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833614" title="Youngstown and Southeastern Railroad">
Youngstown and Southeastern Railroad

The Youngstown and Southeastern Railroad is a short-line railroad subsidiary of the Indiana Boxcar Corporation that operates freight trains between Youngstown, Ohio and Darlington, Pennsylvania, United States. The line is owned by the Columbiana County Port Authority, leased to the Eastern States Railroad, which is owned by the line's primary shipper, and contracted out to the YSRR. Freight is interchanged with CSX Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Railway at the Youngstown end. 
The trackage was originally owned by the Youngstown and Southern Railway , which operated from 1904 to 1993, including a period as an electric interurban passenger railway between 1907 and 1948, being the last such line in Ohio. It was later jointly owned by the Pennsylvania Railroad and Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad. After a local company bought the line in November 1996 and illegally closed it and blocked repairs, the line was out of service for almost five years until the Central Columbiana and Pennsylvania Railway began operations in May 2001. Service under the YSRR name started in 2006, after the second of two less-than-two-year periods of operation by the Ohio Central Railroad System component Ohio and Pennsylvania Railroad (the first was in 1995 and 1996).
Line description.
The YSRR begins in southern Youngstown, where it interchanges with CSX Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Railway adjacent to the Mahoning River. It heads northwest up the river bank and then curves southwest to climb a ravine to the highlands of Boardman Township. The original interurban line followed Front Street and South Avenue out of downtown and over the Mahoning River, then a private right-of-way between Wabash and Franklin Avenues, joining the present line just east of South Avenue. Beyond Boardman, the line continues through the highlands, crossing the Norfolk Southern Railway's Fort Wayne Line at Columbiana. As it approaches Signal, where it turns east, and the Pittsburgh, Lisbon and Western Railroad once continued west, it drops into the valley of the Little Bull Creek, which empties into Bull Creek before it reaches Negley. From that community, the Smiths Ferry Branch formerly extended south alongside the North Fork and main course of Little Beaver Creek, reaching the Ohio River at Smiths Ferry. The main line continues east from Negley, up the North Fork Little Beaver Creek valley into Pennsylvania, where it ends at Darlington. It formerly continued a short distance farther to the Fort Wayne Line at New Galilee.
History.
The Youngstown and Southern Railway (Y&S) and Youngstown and Salem Railroad were both incorporated in May 1903, and the former absorbed the latter in October of that year. It began operations in 1904 as a steam line between Youngstown and Columbiana, and electrified the line with overhead wires in 1907, also extending it to Leetonia on the Youngstown and Ohio River Railroad (Y&OR) that year. In addition to carrying passengers as an interurban railway, the company handled freight, primarily coal from the electric Y&OR and the steam Pittsburgh, Lisbon and Western Railroad (PL&W). After the Y&S entered receivership in 1915, a 1916 reorganization produced the Youngstown and Suburban Railway.
In the late 1920s and early 1930s, Mahoning Valley industries and the Pittsburgh Coal Company attempted to build a new rail line between the Ohio River and Youngstown, claiming that the existing railroad connections (Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad and Pennsylvania Railroad) refused to build suitable river transfer facilities. The Interstate Commerce Commission denied the application in exchange for the construction of these facilities. Later the coal company built a private railroad from the river at Smiths Ferry, Pennsylvania to the PL&W at Negley, Ohio, where it connected to Youngstown through control, by its Montour Railroad subsidiary, of the PL&W (New Galilee, Pennsylvania to Lisbon, Ohio) and Y&S (the latter acquired in 1928), and construction of a line between the PL&W at Signal and the Y&S at Columbiana. (The PL&W from Signal west to Lisbon was subsequently abandoned.) Large amounts of coal were shipped along the river from the mines to Smiths Ferry, and then over the rail line to Youngstown steel mills. The Y&S changed its name back to Youngstown and Southern Railway in 1944, and on January 1, 1945 it merged the PL&W into itself.
After World War II, the Consolidated Coal Company, successor to the Pittsburgh Coal Company, decided to sell its railroad properties to the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR). The PRR agreed to purchase the Montour, and with it the Y&S, jointly with the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad (P&LE), a subsidiary of the New York Central Railroad (NYC). The two companies gained control on December 31, 1946, and simultaneously conveyed the private railroad south of Negley to the Y&S. Passenger service ended in 1948 on the Y&S, the last of Ohio's interurbans, and the Columbiana-Leetonia segment was abandoned that year, its connection to the Y&OR being long-gone. The eastern end of the old PL&W, from Darlington to New Galilee, was also abandoned then. By 1960 the Y&S had completely dieselized. After the Penn Central Transportation Company (successor to the NYC and PRR) declared bankruptcy in 1970, the newly independent profitable P&LE acquired full control of the Montour, and with it the Y&S.
The P&LE's finances declined with those of the steel industry in the 1980s, and CSX Transportation acquired its main lines in 1991 and 1992. The newly created PL&W Railroad began operating the Y&S under lease on May 1, 1993, and transferred the lease to the Ohio and Pennsylvania Railroad (O&P), a part of the Ohio Central Railroad System, on June 14, 1995. The Negley-Smiths Ferry line was abandoned in 1996, having gone at least two years without seeing a train, leaving only Youngstown-Darlington for the O&P to operate. The P&LE filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on March 22, 1996. When the O&P declined to purchase the leased trackage from the Y&S, the owner sold it to Railroad Ventures, Inc. (RVI) on November 8. RVI immediately, illegally, canceled the lease, forcing the O&P to issue an embargo, a process intended for a temporary cessation of service. After shippers complained, the federal Surface Transportation Board (STB) investigated, and the O&P and RVI negotiated a new lease agreement in early December. But only two weeks later, the line was washed out by flooding, and the O&P issued a second embargo on December 18.
RVI belatedly filed with the STB for authorization to purchase the line in January 1997, but it was rejected because RVI did not acknowledge its common carrier obligation and the Columbiana County Port Authority (CCPA) alleged that RVI would not provide that service. A second filing in April was approved after RVI agreed to operate the line. RVI did not allow the CCPA to repair the line or carry out any repairs itself, instead filing for abandonment in January 1999 and again in May. CCPA submitted an offer of financial assistance to buy the line in September, and asked the STB to establish its value. The STB penalized RVI for its "blatant disregard of its common carrier obligation to provide service", including several sales and agreements it had made and kept secret. Only 20 days after purchasing the line in 1996, RVI had sold the "debris" (rail, ties, and ballast) to a scrap dealer. Later, in October 1999, RVI transferred subsurface and air rights to an affiliate, Venture Properties of Boardman, Inc. A November 1999 contract with Boardman Township required RVI's successor to pay for grade separations, and that month RVI sold a portion of the right-of-way to the Boardman Township Park District. During its ownership of the line, RVI had also allowed it to be paved over at grade crossings and for access to a shopping center partly owned by its CEO. The STB voided RVI's transfers, contracts, and agreements, and ordered RVI to sell the entire railroad property and pay for the necessary repairs. This too proved problematic, when RVI interfered with the escrow fund set up for this purpose, and the STB ordered the money transferred directly to the CCPA in November 2001.
CCPA acquired the line from RVI on January 24, 2001, and the new Central Columbiana and Pennsylvania Railway, a subsidiary of Arkansas Short Line Railroads, Inc., began operations between Youngstown and Boardman Supply in Boardman Township on May 31. On August 31, the entire line was reopened when a CQPA train reached the end in Darlington. Although it had increased its business to serve 9 customers, the CQPA, and its parent Arkansas Short Line Railroads, suffered from cash flow problems, which limited its ability to make repairs to handle the increased traffic, and it filed for bankruptcy in June 2004. The Ohio and Pennsylvania Railroad resumed temporary operations in December 2004, but decided not to continue the lease upon the conclusion of the bankruptcy proceedings. Total Waste Logistics, the line's primary customer, formed the Eastern States Railroad and acquired the lease in November 2006. Simultaneously, the Eastern States Railroad contracted with the Indiana Boxcar Corporation, which created a new subsidiary, the Youngstown and Southeastern Railroad, to operate the line.
In 2000, when the Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) reconsidered its determination that RVI was an employer under the Railroad Retirement Act and Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, it created a three-part test for deciding whether a non-operating lessor, which still retains the residual common-carrier obligation if the lessee ceases operations, is a covered employer. For the company to pass this "Railroad Ventures test", and therefore not be covered, the following must all be true:
Since RVI's primary purpose was to profit from selling off the line, it failed the test. This was a departure from earlier decisions, which had cited a 1989 determination that the Board of Trustees of the Galveston Wharves was not a covered employer to declare any such non-operating company not covered. The test has been applied to declare, for example, the Eastern States Railroad not covered (since it was created to preserve service rather than to profit) and Pennsylvania Lines, LLC covered (since it was wholly owned by Conrail, a for-profit carrier, and thus presumed to be for-profit).

</doc>
<doc id="20833672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833672" title="Veenker Memorial Golf Course">
Veenker Memorial Golf Course

Veenker Memorial Golf Course is a public golf course which is owned and operated by Iowa State University. The golf course was completed in 1938 and it has hosted the Iowa Master's golf tournament since then. In 1959 the course was renamed for George F. Veenker, who was the head football coach at Iowa State from 1931 to 1936. In 2003 Veenker was ranked among "America's Best State Public Access Courses" by "Golfweek" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20833701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833701" title="Nakayama Daishogai">
Nakayama Daishogai

The Nakayama Daishogai (中山大障害) is a Grade 1 steeplechase horse race in Japan open to thoroughbreds which are three-years-old or above.It is run over a distance of 4100m (2 miles + 84 feet) at Nakayama Racecourse every year in late December.
The race was first run in 1934　at that time named Daishogai Tokubetsu.Next year its name was changed to current name and held twice a year until 1998.In 1999, The Spring Nakayama Daishogai was renamed at Nakayama Grand Jump, but The Autumn was continued.

</doc>
<doc id="20833710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833710" title="Kent P. Jackson">
Kent P. Jackson

Kent P. Jackson is a professor of Ancient Scripture at Brigham Young University (BYU) who has written on Joseph Smith, Jr.'s translation of and commentary on the Bible.
Jackson was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. He received his bachelors degree from BYU. Jackson holds a Ph.D. in Near Eastern Studies from the University of Michigan.
Among the books by Jackson are "From Apostasy to Restoration" and "The Restored Gospel and the Book of Genesis". Jackson was also the editor of the 1996 publications of Solomon Spaulding's "Manuscript Found".
Jackson is a Latter-day Saint. Among other church positions he has served on the Gospel Doctrine lesson writing committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20833733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833733" title="James F. Byrnes High School">
James F. Byrnes High School

James F. Byrnes High School is located in Duncan, South Carolina. The school has 2289 students enrolled as of the 2008–2009 school year. It is the only high school in Spartanburg District 5. The James F. Byrnes Freshman Academy is located at the former D. R. Hill Middle School. Currently, there are 1,560 students served by 139 faculty and staff members. There are approximately 600 students in the Byrnes Freshman Academy. Throughout its history, Byrnes has experienced a large amount of success in athletics most notably their Football team. The Rebels have won 11 State Championships in Football.
History.
James F. Byrnes High School was built in 1955 at a cost of $1,000,000. At that time, there were 21 teachers and 500 students in grades 9-12. In 1969, the school integrated, moving all the African-American students from Florence Chapel School to Byrnes. In 2007, the ninth grade moved to a separate facility.
Extracurricular activities.
Fine Arts.
James F. Byrnes high school has recently become one of the most prestigious school in the state for the Fine Arts. Most prominent is the marching band nicknamed "The Rebel Regiment" which has won 10 State Championships.
They are also starting to become highly recognized in their theater department nicknamed "The Rebel Theater Company". They have won state thrice in five years, most recently in 2013, and competed for the first time in regional during the 2012 season and will compete again regionally during the 2013 season at SETC.
Athletics.
Throughout the school's history, the Rebels have won a total of thirty-six state championships in all sports.
Football.
The Byrnes High School football team has experienced a large amount of success throughout its history. The Rebels have won eleven state championships in football, including four straight from 2002-2005 under head coach Bobby Bentley. The Rebel football team competes on Nixon Field, located behind J. F. Byrnes High School. The field is named in honor of D. M. Nixon. Mr. Nixon was a former superintendent of District Five Schools and served from 1956 until his retirement in 1965.
In 2008 the Rebels began the season as the number one team in the country according to The USA Today newspaper and held that spot until a regular season loss dropped them in the polls. They regrouped and won their ninth state championship to finish that season.
In 2009, Byrnes began the season as the No. 2 ranked team in the nation according to MaxPreps.com. Also in 2009, the Rebels played the defending national champions, St. Thomas Aquinas High School of Fort Lauderdale, FL on October 2, 2009. St. Thomas Aquinas defeated Byrnes by a score of 42-34. Byrnes defeated Gaffney 31-24 on December 3, 2011 to win their 11th state title.

</doc>
<doc id="20833734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833734" title="Bulacnin, Lipa">
Bulacnin, Lipa

Bulacnin is a barangay from Lipa City, Batangas in the Philippines.
Location.
Bulacnin is one of the most productive barangays in Lipa City. It is bounded by barangay Tanguay and Tibig on the west, barangay Pusil and Paligawan on the east, barangay Malabanan on the north and barangay Maraouy on the south.
History.
This barangay is formerly known as "Kay Magtago" because at the time of the Spaniard invasions, many people made this place their hideout. In Filipino(Batangueno), "kay" means you and magtago means "to hide".
Folk etymology.
According to some old people living here, there was a house on this barangay long ago. Many people were cooking rice for their dinner. A Spaniard was spying on them. The Spaniard had no idea of where he was. Suddenly, an old woman said that "bumubulak na ang kanin". It meant that the rice is almost cooked. The Spaniard did not really understand what the old woman said. He thought that it was "bumulak kanin". He thought that it was the name of the Barangay. After that, this barangay was named "bulacanin", then it was changed to "Bulacnin".

</doc>
<doc id="20833743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833743" title="Veronika Portsmuth">
Veronika Portsmuth

Veronika Portsmuth (27 November 1980 in Tallinn, Estonia) is an Estonian conductor and singer.
Childhood.
Portsmuth started singing at the age of 3, when she started as one of the soloists in Ave Kumpas singing studio. During that period she performed in many TV music programmes for children.</ref>
Education.
Further training in orchestral conducting by Jüri Alperten and Michael Bartoch, participation in conducting project led by Cecilia Rydingen-Alin, master classes by Eri Klas and Filippo Maria Bressan.
Working with the Estonian Concert Choir.
The Estonian Concert Choir was formed in June 2010 to perform oratorios and other big vocal compositions (with orchestra). The choir works on project basis. Portsmuth has been working with the choir from its very beginning.
Projects:
Academic work.
Portsmuth has been teaching choir conducting and vocal training from 2005 in Tallinn Music Highschool. Since 2010 she is teaching conducting in the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre.
Interest in Nordic culture and arts.
Portsmuth is focused on Nordic culture and contemporary music. In September 2008 she presented in Tallinn the first Faroese opera "The Madman's Garden" by Sunleif Rasmussen.
She has created a series of concerts with the overall Nordic theme, where nordic contemporary choir music has been performed.
Song Celebrations.
In July 2007 Portsmuth conducted the mixed choirs section in the 10th Estonian Youth Song Celebration (work by Olav Ehala "Ma tahan olla öö...").
In 2009 at the XXV Song Celebration "Üheshingamine" ("To Breathe as One" Portsmuth conducted mixed choir sections a cappella work by Piret Rips-Laul "Mehed ja naised" ("Men and women"), which was specially composed for the event.
In 2011 Portsmuth was the artistic director of the Estonian 11th Youth Song Celebration "The Wide World begins in a Small Land".
Other.
In 2011, Portsmuth participated as a celebrity contestant on the fifth season of "Tantsud tähtedega", an Estonian version of "Dancing with the Stars". Her professional dancing parner was Märt Agu.

</doc>
<doc id="20833768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833768" title="Dinamo Riga">
Dinamo Riga

Dinamo Riga () is a professional ice hockey team based in Riga, Latvia. It is a member of the Bobrov Division of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). Dinamo Riga is one of the seven KHL teams that are not located in Russian Federation. The club has an affiliated club HK Riga, which plays in the MHL.
The club was re-founded on 7 April 2008 as a successor of a former hockey team (also named "Dinamo Riga"), which was founded in 1946, but ceased to exist in 1995. Since being re-established, Dinamo Riga plays their home games at the Arena Riga, which can accommodate attendance of 10,300 spectators. 
The author of the re-founded team's logo is Latvian graphic designer Dagnis Skurbe and it depicts two away facing lions from the coat of arms of Riga, the three stars from the coat of arms of Latvia and the letter "D" from the original Dinamo Riga team's logo.
Július Šupler became the first head coach of the club. For the first two seasons he was assisted by Miroslav Miklošovič and Artis Ābols, but in 2010 Viktors Ignatjevs replaced Miklošovič. On April 27, 2011 the new head coach Pekka Rautakallio was announced. 
History.
The club was re-founded on 7 April 2008 and among the founders of the club were Guntis Ulmanis, Kirovs Lipmans, Aigars Kalvītis, Juris Savickis, Viesturs Koziols and others. However, on 27 May Latvian ice hockey federation president Kirovs Lipmans stepped out of the project, because of a possible clash of interests. After the first season, also Viesturs Koziols left the project. 
In the first season of the franchise team was led by players like Masaļskis, Prusek, Westcott, Ņiživijs, Hossa and others. After 2008-09 forward Aigars Cipruss decided to retire and instantly became the manager of Dinamo Riga farm club Dinamo-Juniors Riga. Team finished the regular season in tenth position, higher than anyone would have predicted before the start of the season. However, in the first round of league playoffs Dinamo lost to Dynamo Moscow, which later advanced to Gagarin Cup semifinals.
Following the first season, Dinamo managed to sign legendary Sandis Ozoliņš, as well as Jānis Sprukts, Mārtiņš Karsums and others. The team finished regular season in the eighth place of Western Conference, which qualified them for the playoffs. In the first round of the playoffs Dinamo faced SKA Saint Petersburg with players like Zubov, Cajanek, Sushinsky and Yashin on the roster. Still, Dinamo managed to beat SKA and advance to Western Conference semifinals. In the semifinals, Dinamo was defeated by later Gagarin Cup finalist HC MVD 1-4.
In December 2009, it was announced that 15 players from Dinamo Riga would be on the 2010 Olympic roster for Latvia's Ice Hockey team. Mārtiņš Karsums was then added to Dinamo Riga in January 2010; along with Marcel Hossa representing Slovakia, 17 players in all from the club played in the Olympics.
After his league-leading performance, Marcel Hossa signed a 2-year contract with the current KHL champions Ak Bars Kazan. Martin Kariya signed a 2-year contract with Swiss NLA's HC Ambri-Piotta. New players signed during the off-season include Tomáš Surový, Brock Trotter, Mikael Tellqvist and the returning Mark Hartigan. Július Šupler resumed his post as the head coach.
Team finished season in seventh place in Western Conference and thirteenth in league, as the team qualified to the playoffs. In first round their opponents were Dynamo Moscow. Dinamo won the series 2-4, advancing to next round and facing Lokomotiv Yaroslavl. Dinamo lost series 1-4.
As of the end of third season, head coach Július Šupler left the team to be the coach of CSKA Moscow. On April 27, 2011 Dinamo signed Pekka Rautakallio for the head coach position. Also, all the foreign players with no active contracts left the team to play somewhere else. Brock Trotter also left using chance to play in NHL, Montreal Canadiens.
Dinamo signed numerous new players for the upcoming season, from Latvia: Mārtiņš Cipulis, Māris Jučers and for probationary period: Kristiāns Pelšs, Armands Bērziņš and foreign players: Jamie Lundmark, Niclas Lucenius, Björn Melin, Fredrik Warg. Soon, however, Melin was fired. During the season team added also Jakub Šindel, Ville Nieminen and Marcel Hossa to its roster, but Jakub Šindel and Ville Nieminen also got fired.
Sponsors.
Apart from Itera, which is one of the owners of the team, Dinamo Riga sponsors include companies such as Aldaris, LDZ Cargo, Skonto Būve among others.
Season-by-season record.
"This is a partial list of the last five seasons completed by Dinamo Riga. For the full season-by-season history, see List of Dinamo Riga seasons."
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, OTW = Overtime/Shootout Wins, OTL = Overtime/Shootout Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"
Players.
Franchise scoring leaders.
These are the top-ten point-scorers in franchise history. Figures are updated after each completed KHL regular season.
"Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games Played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; P/G = Points per game"
" = current Dinamo player"
Franchise history.
KHL awards and trophies.
Nadezhda Cup

</doc>
<doc id="20833774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833774" title="Go to the Head of the Class">
Go to the Head of the Class

Go to the Head of the Class is a roll-and-move board game originally published by Milton Bradley (now owned by Hasbro) and currently in production by Winning Moves USA. The game was originally released circa 1940 and remains in print today. 
The board is designed to look like a school classroom with the teacher's blackboard at one end. Original tokens were cardboard images of adult and children affixed to wooden or plastic bases. Players advance to the "head of the class" by moving from desk to desk while answering questions. The game also includes random "chance cards" that add or subtract positions without having to answer a question, such as "Put away that peashooter and go back 3 desks" or "For good penmanship, advance two desks".

</doc>
<doc id="20833778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833778" title="Ceàrr">
Ceàrr

Ceàrr was the first album by the Celtic rock band Mill a h-Uile Rud. Ceàrr was the first CD of all-new Gaelic songs ever released and was also the first CD produced with exclusively Gaelic liner notes. Runrig's album Play Gaelic was the first album of all-Gaelic music in a modern, rock and roll style, but along with new compositions, featured rock re-workings of several traditional songs, and Oi Polloi's EP, Carson?, was the first vinyl album of all-new rock compositions in Gaelic. Ceàrr is also notable for its sexual themes and strong obscenity; a rarity in the ultra-conservative modern Gaelic music scene. The name of the album means "wrong" in Gaelic, and the band chose this name as a statement of their belief that you should use Gaelic, even if you don't feel entirely confident in the language.

</doc>
<doc id="20833787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833787" title="Sheikh Muhammad Tahir Rasheed">
Sheikh Muhammad Tahir Rasheed

Sheikh Muhammad Tahir Rasheed, also known as Tahir Rashid, , (born in Multan) is a Pakistani politician who is affiliated with Pakistan Muslim League (N). He was previously Member of National Assembly of Pakistan (MNA) (1993–1996, 1997–1999) and Member of Provincial Assembly (MPA) (1990–1993). He was also the Central Vice President of the Pakistan Muslim League.
Family and education.
He completed his initial education at Millat High School and then Government College in Multan and graduated from University of Jamshoro, Sindh.
Tahir Rasheed hails from a family that traces its roots to Jhajjar tehsil located in Rohtak District India. His Grand Father, Sheikh Abdus Samad was assassinated while migrating to Pakistan at the time of partition in 1947.
Tahir Rasheed and his family represent a community which has large business and political interests in the urban politics of Multan city.
His father, Sheikh Muhammad Rasheed, was his political mentor; the former Member of Federal Parliament (Majlis-e-Shoora) in 1980s nominated by General Zia-ul-Haq and elected Member of National Assembly of Pakistan (MNA), when elections were held on a non-party basis for the term 1985–1988.
Tahir Rasheed is married and has three sons, one daughter. The eldest son Muhammad Ahmad Tahir is currently studying abroad. His Two Other sons are Muhammad Ahsan yousaf Tahir and Muhammad Asad Ali Asghar, who are currently studying in Multan.
Political career.
An agriculturist by profession turned to politics in 1987 as an elected councillor of Municipal Corporation Multan. He rose through the political ranks, being elected as a Member of Provincial Assembly (MPA) for the term of 1990–1993.He was elected to National Assembly of Pakistan serving two consecutive terms, the first from 1993–1996 and the second from February, 1997 to October, 1999.
1990–1993.
In 1990, he contested his first election for the post of Member of Provincial Assembly. He was given a ticket for constituency PP-163 in the remote area of Multan where he was an outsider and his opponent was Makhdoom Hassan Raza. Tahir Rasheed managed to win the seat by a margin of 7,000 votes. For three years he served as an MPA but when Nawaz Sharif resigned along with President Ghulam Ishaq Khan in 1993, assemblies were dissolved new elections were scheduled.
1993.
In November 1993, the new President Farooq Leghari called for fresh elections. Tahir Rasheed was once again issued a ticket from Multan but this time, it was for National Assembly of Pakistan from constituency NA-116 where his opponent was Syed Tanveer-ul Hassan Gillani, a Former Federal Minister who is also a cousin of current Prime Minister Makhdoom Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani. He was elected MNA on IJI ticket in 1990. In 1993, when the PML-N awarded ticket to Tahir Rasheed, Gilani opted for the PPP ticket.
1997–1999.
In 1997, new elections were called for again. Tahir Rasheed was given Pakistan Muslim League ticket to contest in the elections, from the same constituency NA-116. This time again he was faced by Tanveer Gilani, who is a close relative of current Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani and PML-N's Javed Hashmi. However, Tahir Rasheed once again managed to defeat former federal ministers.
During this time, Sheikh Tahir Rasheed became a member of Parliamentary Steering Committee (PSC). The PSC was created in response to UNDP's assistance to enhance the professional capacity of the parliamentarians and National Assembly Secretariat and to support other democratic processes. He was one of the members of parliament who were also interested in assistance regarding relations between the Parliament and the media and in making television coverage of Parliament more effective. 
In 1998, Sheikh Tahir Rasheed was one of the foremost supporters of the decision taken by the government to develop nuclear weapons.
2002–2004.
Tahir Rasheed did not participate in the general elections held in 2002, choosing to run instead for Zila Nazim of Multan District in a bye election held in 2003.
2005.
Tahir Rasheed was one of the few people in the PML N who were trying to convince the senior leadership of the PML N to stop supporting the PPP in the ARD as they believed the PPP was not sincere with PML-N and had been taking an advantage of the PML-N to achieve their own objectives and capture the PML-N vote bank.
In August, 2005, he decided to join the Pakistan Muslim League due to differences with the party policies and because his supporters were finding it difficult to adjust with the PPP in the ARD.
Tahir Rasheed was followed by ex-Punjab Food Minister Hafiz Iqbal Khakwani, ex-MNA Syed Javed Ali Shah, sitting MPA Syed Mujahid Ali Shah, PML-N ex-MPA DR Khalid Khokhar and the son of ex-MPA Sheikh Amir Khalil to join PML.
2008 elections.
Sheikh Muhammad Tahir Rasheed lost.
Breakaway from PML-Q.
On May 4, 2011, Sheikh Muhammad Tahir Rasheed announced its separation from Pakistan Muslim League (Q).
2012 by-elections.
On February 25, 2012, Sheikh Muhammad Tahir Rasheed 's younger brother Sheikh Muhammad Tariq Rasheed elected as MNA from NA-149. This seat was vacted by Javed Hashmi who has joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) led by Imran Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="20833820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833820" title="Jesús Flores (diver)">
Jesús Flores (diver)

Jesús Flores Alba (born December 14, 1912, date of death unknown) is a Mexican diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Monterrey.
In 1932 he finished sixth in the 10 metre platform event.
Four years later he finished 24th in the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20833826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833826" title="XDR (video game)">
XDR (video game)

Story.
On the terrestrial planet Sephiroth, which is home to a variety of peaceful and prosperous advanced societies, an ancient evil has returned. A long time ago, a warmonger known only as Guardia was banished from the planet, but has finally returned with an entire space military. The Guardia Military soon invades Sephiroth and crushes its defenses with its long hardened space technology. Within time, a space fighter was developed to match the power of the Guardia Military. Based on Guardia’s unknown desire for destruction and its own might, the ship was named the "XDR", or "X-Dazedly-Ray".
Gameplay.
Players piloted the titular ship through six different checkpoint-heavy levels, blasting various ground and sky forces. Rather than having Bomb weapons, the ship was equipped to fire a variety of different shots and smaller bombs. Players could collect power ups such as different firing weapons, ground-force bombs, a shield and Options, all of which were upgradable to three levels. Players could also change the ship's speed through four variations. Many of the end-level bosses required timed shots in exact hit points similar to Gradius.
The XDR can use three different weapons from item pick-ups including its standard upgradable shot, missile pick-ups and Options. The ship can collect the Wide Beam/Vulcan shot, Laser and the Wave Shot. The missile pick-ups actually fired as ground force bombs that would fire in four directions once fully upgraded. The ship's Options powered up strangely in that the first selected Option would encircle the ship, but the second and third power-ups caused the Option to follow the ship from behind rather than encircle it as well as multiply. The ship could also collect items such as a temporary shield and 1 Up icons.

</doc>
<doc id="20833844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833844" title="Toyohiko Satoh">
Toyohiko Satoh

At Rikkyo University in Tokyo, Satoh studied music history with Tatsuo Minagawa and guitar with Kazuhito Ohosawa. He gave his first guitar recital in the Tokyo Bunka Kaikan concert hall in 1965. At Rikkyo, he also began his studies of the lute.
In 1968, Satoh came to Europe; he studied lute with the pioneering lutenist Eugen Müller-Dombois at the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis in Basel, Switzerland. Two years later, in 1970, he recorded the first LP devoted entirely to the solo Baroque lute; since then he has recorded extensively for Philips, Telefunken, EMI, Harlekijn, and Channel Classics Records. One of his recordings won the Edison Prize. He has been involved in over 50 ensemble recordings, with such artists as Gustav Leonhardt, Nikolaus Harnoncourt, and Elly Ameling. 
He has concertized throughout the world as soloist. His October, 1982 debut at the Carnegie Recital Hall in New York was praised in the New York Times; the critic Tim Page praised his "intensity and sense of drama" and "electric tension and rhythmic spring". He has also performed and recorded with many chamber ensembles, including the group "Alba Musica Kyo", which he formed. 
He also performs in a lute duet, named Ayumi, with his daughter Miki Satoh (born in the Netherlands in 1989, and currently studying chemical science and engineering at Ariake National College in Japan); they recorded a recital for Carpe Diem in 2010. 
In 1973, he became a professor at the Royal Conservatory in The Hague, Holland, a position he held until 2004. He has also taught numerous master classes in Italy (Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Siena), Germany, the USA, Canada and Japan. As a teacher of the baroque lute, he has advocated the use of gut strings with no metal admixtures, and of historically accurate performance techniques. His 1987 book, "Method for the Baroque Lute" (Munich: Tree Editions) is widely used 
He has been actively composing, and performing and recording his compositions since 1981, including two CDs for Channel Classics. In 2000 he became the president of LGS-Japan (Lute & Early Guitar Society of Japan) and LGS-Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20833872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833872" title="Alan Earle">
Alan Earle

Alan Earle (born 1 September 1959) is a competitive pistol shooter from New Zealand. 
At the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur he won a silver medal in the men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol pairs event, partnering Jason Wakeling.
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi he won a silver medal in the men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol pairs event, partnering Greg Yelavich.
He also competed at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester and the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20833878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833878" title="Solemya parkinsonii">
Solemya parkinsonii

Solemya parkinsonii is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Solemyidae, the awning clams.

</doc>
<doc id="20833890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833890" title="Redtop Peak">
Redtop Peak

Redtop Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range and the South West end of the Madonna Ridge above the impoundment Lake Pedder, to the west of The Cupola.

</doc>
<doc id="20833896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833896" title="Sivappu Malli">
Sivappu Malli

Sivappu Malli ( English: "Red Jasmine") is a 1981 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Rama Narayanan for AVM Productions, starring Vijayakanth, Chandrashekar, Shanthi Krishna, Aruna and S.S. Chandran.
Synopsis.
Sathyanathan, Punyakodi and their partners are an atrocious lot. They keep suppressing the villagers and do not even allow them to get proper education due to fear of losing control over the village.
On the other hand Ranga (Vijaykanth) and Tyagu (Chandrashekar) are honest factory workers who lead the fight against the Factory owner for the laborers rights. The clash between the two sections of society reaches a level where Sathyanathan and gang plot to eliminate Ranga and Tyagu.
They manage to do away with Tyagu; however Ranga is too smart for them. How Ranga manages to punish the wrong doers is what the second half of the film is all about.
Songs.
Lyrics by Vairamuthu
Trivia.
The film is a remake of the Telugu film called "Erramalli".

</doc>
<doc id="20833901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833901" title="Soyuz-U2">
Soyuz-U2

The Soyuz-U2 (GRAU index 11A511U2) was a Soviet, later Russian, carrier rocket. It was derived from the Soyuz-U, and a member of the R-7 family of rockets. It featured increased performance compared to the baseline Soyuz-U, due to the use of syntin propellant, as opposed to RP-1 paraffin, used on the Soyuz-U.
The increased payload of the Soyuz-U2 allowed heavier spacecraft to be launched, while lighter spacecraft could be placed in higher orbits, compared to those launched by Soyuz-U rockets. In 1996, it was announced that the Soyuz-U2 had been retired, as the performance advantage gained through the use of syntin did not justify the additional cost of its production. The final flight had occurred in the previous year.
The Soyuz-U2 was primarily used to launch Yantar reconnaissance satellites, and Soyuz and Progress spacecraft to the Mir space station. Due to the similarity between the Soyuz-U and U2, the exact number of Soyuz-U2 launches is in doubt, with estimates ranging from 66 to 92 launches. It is also unclear how many launches failed, however most sources suggest there were either zero or two failures.

</doc>
<doc id="20833922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833922" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Dickinson County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dickinson County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Dickinson County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Dickinson County, Kansas, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 40 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark. Two other properties were once listed but have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20833923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833923" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Atchison County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Atchison County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Atchison County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Atchison County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 41 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20833924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833924" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Doniphan County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Doniphan County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Doniphan County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Doniphan County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 36 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20833926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833926" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Harvey County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Harvey County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Harvey County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Harvey County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 23 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20833928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833928" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Leavenworth County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Leavenworth County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Leavenworth County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Leavenworth County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 41 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20833929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833929" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Marion County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 27 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20833930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833930" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Douglas County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Douglas County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Douglas County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Douglas County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 76 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 3 National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20833931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833931" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Montgomery County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Montgomery County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Montgomery County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Montgomery County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 32 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20833932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833932" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Riley County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Riley County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Riley County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Riley County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 30 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20833933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833933" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Morris County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morris County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Morris County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Morris County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 22 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20833936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833936" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Sedgwick County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sedgwick County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Sedgwick County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 122 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20833937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833937" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Shawnee County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Shawnee County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Shawnee County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Shawnee County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 72 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20833938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833938" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Wyandotte County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wyandotte County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Wyandotte County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyandotte County, Kansas, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 39 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20833941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833941" title="The Cupola (mountain)">
The Cupola (mountain)

The Cupola is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range, to the East of Redtop Peak. It juts out from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder.
The name may derive from Cupola, a dome-shaped ornamental structure located on top of a larger roof or dome.

</doc>
<doc id="20833947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833947" title="Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War">
Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War

"Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War: How Britain Lost Its Empire and the West Lost the World", is a book by Pat Buchanan, published in May 2008.
Synopsis.
Citing such historians as George F. Kennan, Andreas Hillgruber, Simon K. Newman, Niall Ferguson, Charles Tansill, Paul W. Schroeder, Alan Clark, Michael Stürmer, Norman Davies, John Lukacs, Frederick P. Veagle, Correlli Barnett, John Charmley, William Henry Chamberlin, David P. Calleo, Maurice Cowling, A. J. P. Taylor, and Alfred-Maurice de Zayas, Buchanan argues that it was a great mistake on the part of Britain to fight Germany in both world wars. In Buchanan's opinion, the results of British involvement in both world wars were a disaster for Britain, Europe and the world. One of Buchanan's express purposes is to undermine what he describes as a "Churchill cult" amongst America's elite, and therefore he focuses particularly on the role of Sir Winston Churchill in involving Britain in wars with Germany in 1914 and again in 1939.
Buchanan accuses Churchill, at that time First Lord of the Admiralty, of having a "lust for war" in 1914. Buchanan follows the conclusions of the American diplomat George F. Kennan in his 1984 book "The Fateful Alliance" that the Franco-Russian Alliance of 1894 was an act of Franco-Russian "encirclement" of Germany, and that German foreign policy after 1894 was defensive rather than aggressive. Buchanan described Germany during the Second Reich as a "satiated power" seeking only peace and prosperity threatened by a revanchist France obsessed with regaining the lost provinces of Alsace and Lorraine, and calls Imperial Russia a highly "imperialist" power carrying out an aggressive policy in Eastern Europe that menaced Germany.
Buchanan argues that Britain had no quarrel with Germany before 1914, however the great build-up of the German Navy spearheaded by Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz was a "threat to Britain", which forced the British to bring back to European waters the bulk of her navy and to make alliances with Russia and France. He asserts that this was a disastrous policy of the Germans which "tied England to Europe" and which therefore created the conditions which led the British to involvement in World War I. On the other hand, Buchanan asserts that the greatest responsibility for the breakdown in Anglo-German relations was the "Germanophobia" and zeal for the Entente with France of the British Foreign Secretary Sir Edward Grey. In assessing responsibility for the course of events, Buchanan asserts that the British could have easily ended the Anglo-German naval race in 1912 by promising to remain neutral in the event of war between Germany and France. Buchanan writes that "Prussian militarism" was an anti-German Black Legend invented by British statesmen, and that the record of Imperial Germany supports the judgement that it was least militaristic of the European Powers. He writes that in the century between Waterloo (1815) and World War I (1914) Britain had fought ten wars and Germany three. Buchanan writes in defense of Kaiser Wilhelm II that he had not fought a war in his 25 year reign, and compares that unfavorably with Churchill's service in three wars prior to 1914 "Churchill had himself seen more war than almost any soldier in the German army."
Buchanan claims that the Kaiser Wilhem was desperate to avoid a war in 1914, and accepts the German claim that it was Russian mobilization of July 31, 1914 that forced war on Germany. Buchanan accuses Churchill and Grey of illegally committing Britain to war in 1914 by making promises that Britain would defend France without the knowledge of either Cabinet or Parliament. Buchanan argues that United States should never have fought in World War I, and that the American people were "deceived and dragged" into war in 1917, and says that "Americans blamed the 'Merchants of Death' – the war profiteers – and the British propagandists" who created the myth of the Rape of Belgium. Buchanan called the British "hunger blockade" of Germany in World War I "criminal", and accepted the contention of the British economist John Maynard Keynes in his 1919 book "The Economic Consequences of the Peace" that the reparations imposed on Germany in the Treaty of Versailles were "impossible" to pay.
Buchanan argues that World War II could have been avoided if the Treaty of Versailles had not in his view been so harsh towards Germany. Buchanan views the Versailles treaty as monstrously unjust towards Germany, and argues that German efforts to revise Versailles were both moral and just. Buchanan calls those historians who blame Germany for the two world wars "court historians", who Buchanan argues have created a myth of sole German guilt for the world wars. By contrast to his opposition to Versailles, Buchanan wrote that by the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk Germany had merely applied to that "prison house of nations", the Russian Empire, the principle of self-determination, releasing from Russian rule Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Ukraine, Belarus, and the Caucasus (largely modern Georgia, Armenia, and Azerbaijan). Buchanan says that the Hungarians, who lost two thirds of their country by the Treaty of Trianon, considered it a "national crucifixion" and were embittered towards the Allies by it. Buchanan takes the view that Czechoslovakia should never had been created, describing it as "a living contradiction of the principle" of self-determination, with the Czechs ruling "Germans, Hungarians, Slovaks, Poles, and Ruthenians" in a "multi-ethnic, multilingual, multicultural, Catholic-Protestant conglomeration that had never before existed." Buchanan accuses the Czech leaders Benes and Masaryk of deceiving the Allies, particularly President Wilson, regarding the ethnic make-up of the regions which became Czechoslovakia. "Asked why he had consigned three million Germans to Czech rule, Wilson blurted, 'Why, Masaryk never told me that!'"
As a result of their humiliation at Versailles, argues Buchanan, the German people became more nationalistic and ultimately were willing to put their confidence in Adolf Hitler. Buchanan writes that there was a "Great Civil War of the West" which comprised both world wars and which Buchanan contends that Britain should have stayed neutral in rather than upholding an unfair Treaty of Versailles. Buchanan damns successive British and French leaders for not offering to revise Versailles in Germany's favor in the 1920s while the Weimar Republic was still in existence, which Buchanan argues influenced the German people to turn to Adolf Hitler.
Buchanan contends, citing historians Richard Lamb and Alan Bullock, that the attempt on the part of the German Chancellor Heinrich Brüning to found an Austro-German customs union in March 1931 was a project which could have prevented Hitler from coming to power. Buchanan criticises the Allies for opposing the Austro-German customs union, and quotes Bullock regarding their veto as not only helping "to precipitate the failure of the Austrian Kreditanstalt and the German financial crisis of the summer but forced the German Foreign Office to announce on September 3 that the project would be abandoned. The result was to inflict a sharp humiliation on the Bruning government and to inflame national resentment in Germany." In this way, Buchanan argues that Britain, France, Italy, and Czechoslovakia indirectly assisted Hitler's rise to power in 1933.
In Buchanan's view, Weimar-era German leaders like Gustav Stresemann, Heinrich Brüning, and Friedrich Ebert were all responsible German statesmen working to revise Versailles in a manner that would not threaten the peace of Europe, and were undermined by the inability and unwillingness of Britain and France to co-operate. Buchanan follows the distinction made by the German historian Andreas Hillgruber between a Weimar foreign policy which sought to restore Germany to its pre-1918 position and wished for some territorial expansionism in Eastern Europe, and a Nazi foreign policy for which the achievement of Weimar-era foreign policy was only the first step towards a larger programme of seeking "Lebensraum" via war and genocide in Eastern Europe. Since Buchanan argues that was no moral difference between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, he maintains that Britain should have just allowed the German Nazis and the Soviet Communists to fight it out and destroy each other and await the course of events, whilst rapidly re-arming so as to be in a position to fight if necessary. Buchanan argues that the "guarantee" of Poland in 1939 was impossible to fulfill and only made the war inevitable. Buchanan calls Hitler's foreign policy programme more moderate than the war aims sought by the German Chancellor Dr. Theobald von Bethmann-Hollweg in the "Septemberprogramm" in World War I because Buchanan contends that Hitler was only interested in expansionism in Eastern Europe and did not seek territory in Western Europe and Africa. Moreover, Buchanan argues that once Hitler came to power in 1933, his foreign policy was not governed strictly by Nazi ideology, but rather was modified "ad hoc" by pragmatism.
Buchanan writes that Benito Mussolini was committed to the Stresa Front of 1935, and it was an act of folly on the part of Britain to vote for League of Nations sanctions on Italy for invading Ethiopia, as it drove Fascist Italy into an alliance with Nazi Germany In Buchanan's view, the British were highly hypocritical in seeking sanctions against Italy for the Italo-Ethiopian war as he argues there was no moral difference between Italian imperialism against Ethiopia in 1935, and British imperialism against other African nations in the 19th century. Buchanan draws unfavorable comparisons between the ready acceptance by France's Pierre Laval of Italy's right to conquer Ethiopia as the price of maintaining the Stresa Front, and what Buchanan calls the sanctimonious attitude of the British who voted for sanctions in defense of what Churchill, quoted by Buchanan, described as "a wild land of tyranny, slavery, and tribal war." Buchanan also quotes Churchill as arguing that "No one can keep up the pretence that Abyssinia is a fit, worthy, and equal member of the league of civilised nations." At the same time in early 1936, when the crisis over Ethiopia had pushed Britain and Italy to the brink of war, there occurred the Remilitarization of the Rhineland.
Buchanan points out that Hitler regarded the Franco-Soviet Pact as an aggressive move directed at Germany and that it violated the Locarno Treaties, and he adds that Hitler had a strong case. Hitler employed this claimed violation of Locarno as a diplomatic weapon against which the French and the British had no answer, Buchanan argues.
Buchanan argues that Hitler's public demands on Poland in 1938-39, namely the return of the Free City of Danzig (modern Gdańsk) to the "Reich", "extra-territorial" roads across the Polish Corridor, and Poland's adhesion to the Anti-Comintern Pact were a genuine attempt to build an anti-Soviet German-Polish alliance, especially since Buchanan argues that Germany and Poland shared a common enemy in the form of the Soviet Union. Buchanan contends that Hitler wanted Poland as an ally against the Soviet Union, and not an enemy. Citing the book "March 1939" by the British historian Simon K. Newman, and Andrew Roberts, in his "The Holy Fox: The Life of Lord Halifax", Buchanan argues that the British "guarantee" of Polish independence in March 1939 was a deliberate ploy on the part of Foreign Minister Lord Halifax to cause a war with Germany in 1939. Buchanan calls Chamberlain's "guarantee" of Poland "rash" and the "fatal blunder" which caused the end of the British Empire. Buchanan argues that Halifax and Chamberlain had different motives for the guarantee. Without deciding between the various theories regarding Chamberlain's motivation, Buchanan recites several, including those of Liddell Hart, Simon Newman, and Andrew Roberts.
Buchanan favourably cites the remark of British historian E. H. Carr in April 1939 about the Polish "guarantee" that: "The use or threatened use of force to maintain the "status quo" may be morally more culpable than the use or threatened use of force to alter it". Buchanan maintains that Hitler did not want a war with Britain, and it was wrong on the part of Britain to declare war in 1939 on an Anglophile Hitler who only wanted to ally the "Reich" with Britain against their common enemy the Soviet Union.
Buchanan accepts the picture drawn by the British historian A. J. P. Taylor in his 1961 book "The Origins of the Second World War" of the Polish Foreign Minister Colonel Józef Beck as a frivolous and irresponsible man incapable of understanding the magnitude of the crisis facing his country in 1939. Buchanan argues that rather than offering the "guarantee" of Poland that Britain could not fulfill, Chamberlain should have accepted it was impossible to save any Eastern European country from German aggression and instead set about re-arming Britain in order to be prepared for any future war with Germany, should it be necessary. Instead, Buchanan claims that the acceptance of Eastern Europe as Germany's sphere of influence as a "pro quid quo" for Germany staying out of Western Europe was a better alternative to World War II.
Buchanan argues that it was a great blunder on the part of Chamberlain to declare war on Germany in 1939, and even greater blunder on the part of Churchill to refuse Hitler's peace offer of 1940, thus making World War II in Buchanan's opinion the "unnecessary war" of the title. The title of course was borrowed from Churchill, who stated in his memoirs, "One day President Roosevelt told me that he was asking publicly for suggestions about what the war should be called. I said at once, "The Unnecessary War." There never was a war more easy to stop than that which has just wrecked what was left of the world from the previous struggle." Buchanan writes, "For that war one man bears full moral responsibility: Hitler." He adds, "But this was not only Hitler's war. It was Chamberlain's war and Churchill's war..." In Buchanan's view, the "final offer" made by the German Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop to the British Ambassador Sir Nevile Henderson on the night of August 30, 1939 was not a ploy as many historians argued, but instead a genuine German offer to avoid World War II. Likewise, Buchanan argues citing F.H. Hinsley, John Lukacs, and Alan Clark, Hitler's peace offers to Britain in the summer of 1940 were real, and Churchill was wrong to refuse them. Buchanan writes that the Morgenthau Plan of 1944 was a genocidal plan for the destruction of Germany promoted by the vengeful Henry Morgenthau and his deputy the Soviet agent Harry Dexter White as a way of ensuring Soviet domination of Europe, and that Churchill was amoral for accepting it.
As part of his assault on Churchill's reputation, Buchanan claims a moral equivalence between Churchill and Hitler. Buchanan suggests that there is no moral difference between Churchill's support for the compulsory sterilisation and segregation of the mentally unfit before 1914, and the Nazi Action T4 program. Likewise, Buchanan argues that the views that Churchill expressed about Judo-Bolshevism in his 1920 article "Zionism and Bolshevism" seem not markedly different to Hitler's views about "Judo-Bolshevism" in "Mein Kampf". Buchanan attacks Churchill as the man who brought in the Ten Year Rule in 1919, in which British defence spending was based on the assumption that there would be no major war for the next ten years, making Churchill the man who disarmed Britain in the 1920s. Buchanan attacks Churchill as a deeply inept military leader who caused successive military debacles such as the Siege of Antwerp in 1914, the Dardanelles campaign, the Norwegian Campaign of 1940, the fall of Singapore, and the Dieppe Raid of 1942.
Buchanan claims that Hitler's ambitions were confined only to Eastern Europe, and citing such historians as Ian Kershaw, Andreas Hillgruber and Richard J. Evans, states that Hitler wanted an anti-Soviet alliance with Britain. Buchanan maintains that British leaders of the 1930s were influenced by "Germanophobia", leading them to suspect that Germany was out to conquer the world. Citing John Lukacs, Buchanan maintains that Operation Barbarossa was not part of any long-range master plan on the part of Hitler, but was instead an attempt by Hitler to force Britain to make peace by eliminating Britain's last hope of victory – bringing the Soviet Union into the war on the Allied side. Buchanan argues that the Holocaust only developed the scale it did because Hitler's invasion of Poland and then Russia meant that he had within his control most European Jews, which would not have been the case otherwise. Buchanan argues that if Churchill had accepted Hitler's peace offer of 1940, the severity of the Holocaust would have been immensely less.
With respect to the debate about German foreign policy, Buchanan refutes Globalist historians, such as Gerhard Weinberg, who argue that Germany wanted to conquer the entire world, and instead contends that Nazi Germany was not a danger to the United States at any point, nor to Britain after Germany lost the Battle of Britain. Buchanan points out that the "master plan to conquer South and Central America" which Franklin D. Roosevelt publicly endorsed, was actually produced by British intelligence and that German archival sources reveal no evidence for this supposed plan.
Buchanan called the British "area bombing" of German cities in World War II a policy of "barbarism" and quotes Churchill stating that its purpose was literally to terrorize the civilian population of Germany. In particular, Buchanan argues that the bombing of Dresden in 1945 was barbaric, a crime which he states that Churchill personally ordered, quoting Churchill himself and Air Marshall Arthur "Bomber" Harris as evidence. Buchanan wrote that Churchill was responsible in large part for "Western man's reversion to barbarism" in World War II, and expressed regret that generals of the American Army Air Force like Curtis LeMay in bombing Japan followed the example set by British Air Marshal Arthur "Bomber" Harris in using "terror bombing" as a method of war against Germany. He quotes LeMay, "We scorched and boiled and baked to death more people in Tokyo that night of March 9–10 than went up in the vapour of Hiroshima and Nagasaki combined." Buchanan's conclusion: "We and the British fought for moral ends. We did not always use moral means by any Christian definition."
Endorsing the concept of Western betrayal, Buchanan accuses Churchill and Roosevelt of turning over Eastern Europe to the Soviet Union at the Tehran and Yalta conferences. Citing the Cuban-American lawyer Alfred-Maurice de Zayas, Buchanan calls expulsion of the Germans from Eastern Europe, in which 2 million died, a crime against humanity "of historic dimensions", and contrasts the British prosecution of German leaders at Nuremberg for crimes against humanity whilst Churchill and other British leaders were approving of the expulsion of the ethnic German population from Eastern Europe.
Buchanan also writes that the United States should have remained non-interventionist with respect to the events of World War II. However, because the United States insisted the United Kingdom sever its alliance with Japan in 1921, this had the ultimate effect of leading to Japan to align itself with the Axis. Ultimately this led to the Japanese alliance with Germany and its attack on Pearl Harbor. Buchanan blames Churchill for insisting that the British Cabinet in 1921 give in to American pressure to end the alliance with Japan.
Buchanan concludes that if World War II had not taken place, the British Empire would have continued through the twentieth century. Buchanan favorably cites the 1993 assessment of Alan Clark that World War II "went on far too long, and when Britain emerged the country was bust. Nothing remained of assets overseas. Without immense and punitive borrowings from the US we would have starved. The old social order had gone forever. The empire was terminally damaged. The Commonwealth countries had seen their trust betrayed and their soldiers wasted." Likewise, Buchanan blames British statesmen for bringing Britain into the war against Germany, which not only caused the economic ruin of Britain but also brought Eastern Europe into the Soviet sphere of influence and brought Communism to power in China in 1949, all of which would have been avoided if only Britain had not "guaranteed" Poland in 1939.
Buchanan claims that for the most part American leaders in the Cold War followed the wise advice of George F. Kennan, who understood a strong Germany was needed as an American ally to keep the Soviet Union (Russia) out of Central Europe, and who did not rush into unnecessary wars with the Soviet Union, instead waiting patiently for the Soviet Union to fall apart of its own accord. Buchanan ends his book with an attack on George W. Bush, and argues that just as Churchill led the British Empire to ruin by causing unnecessary wars with Germany twice, so too will Bush lead the United States to ruin by following Churchill's example in involving the United States in an unnecessary war in Iraq, and passing out guarantees to scores of nations in which the USA has no vital interests, placing the USA in a position in which her resources are insufficient to fulfil her promises. Buchanan expresses the view that just as Chamberlain's "guarantee" of Poland in March 1939 caused an "unnecessary war" with Germany later that year, that the United States's current guarantees of Eastern European nations are equally unwise, given that they require a declaration of war with Russia if a hostile regime were to ascend to power in that country and attack any of those countries. This despite the fact that the USA has no vital interests in Eastern Europe. Finally, Buchanan highlights the symbolism of George W. Bush placing a bust of Churchill in the Oval Office as evidence that Bush's neoconservative foreign policy was influenced and inspired by Churchill.
Reviews.
Teh book debuted at sixteenth place on "The New York Times" best-seller list. MSNBC notes that Buchanan joins historians who are more critical of British involvement in World War II.
The book has received mixed reviews. Canadian journalist Eric Margolis in the "Toronto Sun" endorsed Buchanan's study as a "powerful new book". Margolis wrote that neither Britain nor the United States should have fought in World War II, and that it was simply wrong and stupid that millions of people should have to die to stop the 90% ethnically German Free City of Danzig from rejoining Germany. Margolis accepts Buchanan's conclusion that the British "guarantee" of Poland in March 1939 was the greatest geopolitical blunder of the 20th century. Margolis wrote:
American writer Anthony Gregory in a review on LewRockwell.com praised Buchanan's book as proving World War II was not a "good war"". American journalist John Zmirak in a review in "Taki's Magazine" largely endorsed Buchanan's thesis, accusing Churchill of hypocrisy in spurning the alliance offers of Kaiser Wilhelm II, whom Zmirak calls "harmless" and instead accepting an alliance with Czar Nicholas II, whom Zmirak accuses of promoting the pogroms of Imperial Russia. Likewise, Zmirak, accepts Buchanan's contention that Churchill was largely responsible for what Zmirak calls a harsh and punitive Treaty of Versailles. However, Zmirak disagrees with Buchanan's claim that the United States should have stayed neutral in World War II, and accepts the thesis of John Lukacs's that a war that ended with half of Europe being dominated by Stalin was preferable to a war ending with all of Europe being dominated by Hitler.
Jonathan S. Tobin in "The Jerusalem Post" gave Buchanan's book a negative review and suggested the author is anti-semitic and representative of a "malevolent" form of appeasement. American writer Adam Kirsch in "The New York Sun" attacked Buchanan for using no primary sources, then saying there was a conspiracy by historians to hide the truth about the two world wars. Kirsch acidly remarked if that was the case, why was Buchanan only using secondary sources to support his arguments? Kirsch furthermore accused Buchanan of hypocrisy for denouncing Churchill as a racist who was opposed to non-white immigration to Britain while at the same time he demanded white only immigration to the United States. Kirsh wrote that Buchanan's apocalyptic language about the West in decline owed more to Oswald Spengler than to American conservatives. Kirsch argued that Buchanan's heavy reliance on Correlli Barnett's 1972 book "The Collapse of British Power" as a source reflects the fact that both Buchanan and Barnett are two embittered conservatives unhappy with the way history worked out, and instead prefer to talk about how much nicer history would have been if Britain had not fought in the two world wars, or the United States and Britain in Iraq. American classicist Victor Davis Hanson criticized Buchanan for what he sees as a pro-German bias, and instead contends that the Treaty of Versailles was too lenient rather than too harsh towards Germany. In his blog, Hanson called Buchanan a "pseudo-historian". In another entry on his blog responding to criticism from Buchanan's admirers, Hanson stated that he loathed communism, but argued that given the strength of the Wehrmacht, Churchill and Roosevelt had no choice but to ally themselves with Stalin. In the summer of 2008, Hanson appeared together with Christopher Hitchens in a video series called Uncommon Knowledge when they argued at length against Buchanan's thesis.
In a hostile review, the American journalist David Bahnsen called Buchanan's book an "anti-semitic piece of garbage". Bahnsen accused Buchanan of being unique in that he posited the Holocaust as an understandable, if excessive response to the British "guarantee" of Poland in 1939. British journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft in a review in "The New York Review of Books" complained that Buchanan had grossly exaggerated the harshness of Versailles, noting that the majority view of historians is that Germany did indeed start World War I, and that Buchanan's criticism of the British "area bombing" of cities as a method of war pays no attention to how limited Britain's options seemed to Churchill in 1940. Wheatcroft wrote that Buchanan cited right-wing British historians like Alan Clark, Maurice Cowling and John Charmley when they stated that Britain should never have fought Germany or alternatively should have made peace in 1940, but ignored the wider point that Clark, Cowling and Charmley were making: that they viewed the United States rather than Germany as the British Empire's main rival.
Hungarian-American historian John Lukacs in a review in "The American Conservative" compared Buchanan to David Irving, and argued that the only difference between the two was that Irving uses lies to support his arguments while Buchanan uses half-truths. Lukacs commented that Buchanan only cites the left-wing British historian A. J. P. Taylor when it suits him, and that when Taylor's conclusions are at variance with Buchanan's views, Buchanan does not cite him. Lukacs objected to Buchanan's argument that Britain should have stood aside and allowed Germany to conquer Eastern Europe under the grounds that he ignores just how barbaric and cruel Nazi rule was in Eastern Europe during World War II. Finally, Lukacs questioned Buchanan's motives in writing "Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War" on the grounds that Buchanan has often been accused of Anglophobia, and said he felt that Buchanan's lament for the British Empire was a case of crocodile tears. Lukacs concluded that Buchanan's book was not a work of history, instead being a thinly veiled admonitory allegory for the modern United States with Britain standing in for America and Germany, Japan and Italy standing in at various points for modern Islam, China and Russia.
Conservative American journalist Christopher Jones attacked Buchanan in a review for saying that Hitler's aims in 1939 were limited only to allowing Danzig to rejoin Germany, when in fact Hitler wanted to destroy Poland. Likewise, Jones criticized Buchanan for writing that the Czech people were better off as part of the "Reich" Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia ruled over by Reinhard Heydrich instead of as part of independent and democratic Czechoslovakia. Jones further countered Buchanan's point that Hitler did not want a world war over Danzig as proven by the lack of readiness of the "Kriegsmarine" for a war with Britain in 1939, which meant Hitler did not expect his attack on Poland to lead to war with Britain and France, as did the fact that the German Navy was in the middle of a major expansion code-named Plan Z intended to prepare the "Kriegsmarine" to take on the Royal Navy by the mid-1940s.
British journalist Christopher Hitchens in a review in "Newsweek" claimed Buchanan ignores just how aggressive Imperial Germany was, with the Kaiser Wilhelm II openly encouraging Muslims to wage "jihad" against the Western colonial powers (during WWI), conducting genocide in German South West Africa, and supporting the Young Turk government during the Armenian Genocide. Hitchens argued that given the way Imperial Germany was dominated by a "militaristic ruling caste" of officers and "Junkers" who recklessly sought conflict at every chance, it was simply nonsense for Buchanan to write off pre-1914 Germany being "encircled" by enemies on all sides. Hitchens wrote:
Finally, Hitchens ended his review with the comment that Churchill was wrong about many things, but Hitler was not one of them.
The main supporter of Buchanan's thesis within British conservative journalism (and indeed mainstream British journalism generally) has been Christopher Hitchens' brother, Peter Hitchens.

</doc>
<doc id="20833957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833957" title="Phelps Stokes Hawkins">
Phelps Stokes Hawkins

Phelps Stokes Hawkins is an Assistant Professor of Journalism and Mass Communication at the American University in Bulgaria. He is the former Foreign Editor for NBC News, former Senior Vice President for News and Information at Public Radio International, and is the President of the consultancy firm, Mission Media Inc. Professor Hawkins has served on numerous boards, most notably the Phelps Stokes Fund, America's oldest continually operating foundation, and Camp Nejeda Foundation for Diabetic children.
Professor Hawkins is married to Sandra Lea Earley. The couple has one son.

</doc>
<doc id="20833962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833962" title="The Cheaters (1930 film)">
The Cheaters (1930 film)

The Cheaters is a 1930 Australian silent film directed by Paulette McDonagh and starring Isabel McDonagh (professionally known as Marie Lorraine). Phyllis McDonagh worked as art director. The McDonagh sisters made a number of self-funded films together in the late 1920s and early 1930s.
Originally the film's length was 6000 feet plus, it survives at 6309 feet (94 mins. at 18 frame/s).
Plot summary.
An embezzler, Bill Marsh (Arthur Greenaway), works with his daughter Paula (Marie Lorraine), who serves as a bait, robbing wealthy people. Bill also seeks revenge on a businessman, John Travers (John Faulkner), but Paula falls in love with Travers' son Lee (Josef Bambach) and begins to have doubts about her life of crime. Eventually Paula reforms and marries Lee.
Production.
The film was shot as a silent movie in 1929 but had trouble securing a release. The McDonaghs decided to adapt it into a partial talkie and shot some additional scenes in Melbourne in 1930 using an improvised sound-on-disc system. These scenes included a fancy dress party sequence and a romantic scene where Paula sings a song to Lee.
The musician's union temporarily prevented its members from recording music for the film. The McDonaghs responded by hiring non-union labour.
Release.
In May 1930 the film was entered in the first Commonwealth Film competition but failed to win a prize. It did not perform well at the box office due in part to the poor quality of its sound recording. 
The critic from the "Sydney Morning Herald" was not enthusiastic about the movie's quality:
The Misses McDonagh's latest film... is not as interesting as their last production, "The Far Paradise". For one thing, they have slavishly copied American models. Instead of striving to give their work originality, the Americanisms, "big boy," "dame," and '"gangster," creep into the captions. For "The Cheaters" is, through the greater part of its length, a silent film... the use of captions seem strained and artificial... "The Cheaters" suffers from a poor, badly-told story. Especially toward the end, absurdities spring up in battalions. The piece of dialogue that brings the picture to a close is an extreme example of bathos... The acting of the cast... is weak, and it goes at too slow a tempo, flying to the other extrcmj from the fault of jerky rapidity that used to mar local productions. The best feature of the film lies In its settings.
National Film and Sound Archive comments:
Filmed with a careful eye for detail on location in Sydney and at the McDonagh family home, Drummoyne House, the picture shows evidence of the McDonagh sisters' understanding of mood and atmosphere. This is one of Australia's major surviving silents. Completed as a silent in early 1929, the film was redone as a partial talkie because of distribution difficulties, and used sound on disc with some scenes re-shot. The film was redone again with an optical soundtrack on a Standardtone system."

</doc>
<doc id="20833996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833996" title="Pennsylvania Route 790">
Pennsylvania Route 790

Pennsylvania Route 790 (formerly designated by the Pennsylvania Department of Highways as SR 0790) was a state highway in the county of Pike in Pennsylvania (a part of the United States). The highway's southern terminus was at State Route 290 south of Hemlock Grove. The highway progressed northward along Hemlock Grove Road, passing through Hemlock Grove and into Greentown, where it terminated at an intersection with State Route 507. The highway was assigned in 1930 and decommissioned in the 1946 removal of state highways.
Route description.
State Route 790 began at an intersection with State Route 290 about south of Hemlock Grove. (The current southern terminus is now State Route 447.) The highway currently progresses to the northeast, intersecting with the dead-end Log Cabin Road, and Liberty Lane, another dead-end road. After Liberty Lane, the former alignment of State Route 790 heads through a line of trees that parallel the highway. There is a short clearing, but this reverses itself before the intersection with Roemerville Road. At Turkey Run Road, there are some more houses, as the highway enters the southern limits of Hemlock Grove. 
In Hemlock Grove, the old alignment intersected with Valleyview Road, a short loop road in the community. There is some development surrounding the tree line, with minor highways intersecting. At Running Bear Lane, the road leaves Hemlock Grove and into Greentown, which is populated by trees. The highway crosses a creek that flows into Lake Wallenpaupack, intersecting with a similarly named highway just after. The northern terminus is with Brink Hill Road before the alignment of former State Route 790 at State Route 507 (Lake Wallenpaupack Road) in Greentown.
History.
Along with some of the routes in Pennsylvania, State Route 790 was not assigned in the mass numbering of highways in 1928. State Route 790 was assigned along Hemlock Grove Road in 1930, running from State Route 290 to State Route 507. The highway remained intact for over a decade, as the Pennsylvania Department of Highways decommissioned State Route 790 in 1946. That year, the department had decommissioned a number of state routes around the commonwealth. The highway was turned over to local control, and the State Route 790 designation was removed. In 1964, eighteen years after State Route 790 was decommissioned, the southern terminus, State Route 290 was replaced by State Route 447.

</doc>
<doc id="20834001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834001" title="Rolv Yttrehus">
Rolv Yttrehus

Rolv Berger Yttrehus (b. Duluth, Minnesota, March 12, 1926) is an American composer of contemporary classical music.
He holds degrees from the University of Minnesota and University of Michigan and a Diploma from the Accademia di Santa Cecilia in Rome. He studied harmony with Nadia Boulanger and composition with Ross Lee Finney, Roger Sessions, Aaron Copland, and Goffredo Petrassi. He taught at the University of Missouri, Purdue University, University of Wisconsin, Oshkosh, and Rutgers University.
He regards Arnold Schoenberg and Sessions as his principal influences.

</doc>
<doc id="20834016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834016" title="Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan">
Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan

Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan are two giant pandas that were sent by the People's Republic of China to the Republic of China in 2008 as part of an exchange program. The exchange idea was first proposed in 2005, but the previous administration in Taiwan had refused to accept the pandas. After elections that resulted in a change of presidents in 2008, Taipei accepted the pandas, and they arrived in Taiwan on December 23, 2008. The two names were selected by a vote in the PRC and their combination, Tuan Yuan, means "reunion" in Chinese. The pandas are being housed at Taipei Zoo and have been exhibited to the public since the 2009 Chinese New Year.
Birth.
Tuan Tuan, male, was born to Hua Mei on September 1, 2004 and was assigned as no. 19 in the Wolong National Nature Reserve in Sichuan Province. Yuan Yuan, female, was born on August 31, 2004 and was assigned as no. 16 in the Wolong National Nature Reserve. Their names, "Tuan Tuan" and "Yuan Yuan", were chosen in an unofficial public poll in mainland China the results of which were revealed live on national television during the 2006 CCTV New Year's Gala. Approximately 130 million mainland Chinese viewers cast their votes. Together, the names produce the Chinese phrase "tuan yuan" (), meaning "reunion".
Proposal and political resistance.
The exchange of the pandas was first proposed during the 2005 Pan-Blue visits to mainland China, when politicians from the then-Opposition Pan-Blue coalition, which is comparatively pro-unification in stance, visited mainland China. Chen Yunlin, then the head of the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office, announced on May 3, 2005, that Beijing would present two giant pandas to Taipei as part of an exchange program.
The two pandas to be sent to Taiwan were chosen after 218 days of observation and discussion by experts from both mainland China and Taiwan, and were officially announced on January 6, 2006. The Chinese Wildlife Protection Society then began seeking nominations for the names to be given to the pair of pandas. These were announced on the eve of Chinese New Year, 2006 on the CCTV New Year's Gala live on national television. An opinion survey in Taiwan conducted by United Daily News in response to the exchange proposal found 50% of respondents in favour of accepting the pandas, and 34% opposed.
However, the exchange proposal soon met political resistance in Taiwan. On March 31, 2006, the Agricultural Committee of the Executive Yuan in Taiwan decided not to issue permits for the importation, ostensibly on the grounds that the zoos in Taiwan applying for the importation did not meet facility and resource requirements for the proper care and rearing of the pandas, and that importation would not be in the best interest of protecting pandas. However, commentators generally observed that political considerations underlay the technical decision, with the independence-leaning President Chen Shui-bian being opposed to what he saw as a propaganda move by Beijing.
In 2008, Ma Ying-jeou, of the Kuomintang, was elected President, and over the next few months has forged stronger economic and political relations with mainland China under his presidency, and was willing to accept them. The offering of pandas a gift from mainland China is often known as "panda diplomacy", and Taipei Zoo expects to draw around 30,000 visitors a day as a result of their arrival. The move was criticized by supporters of Taiwan's independence and the opposition Democratic Progressive Party, who said that "Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan means a union, which perfectly matches Beijing's goal of bringing Taiwan into its fold."
Although Taiwan is not a CITES signatory and is therefore not obligated to report to the CITES Secretariat, the Secretariat of CITES said in response to the transfer that it viewed the transfer as an intrastate matter, and thus would be governed by whatever procedures and documentary requirements that are agreed upon by the Beijing and Taipei authorities. Both sides adopted procedures similar to standard CITES procedures for international transfers. On the import-export permits, the origin was listed as the Wolong Nature Reserve Management Office, while the destination was listed as the Taipei City Zoo.
Arrival in Taiwan and reaction.
Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan arrived in Taiwan aboard an EVA Air flight on December 23, 2008, and were transported to Taipei Zoo. The arrival of the pandas was met with intense public attention, described by the press as "Pandamania", with the pandas becoming instant celebrities. A variety of merchandise has already appeared, with even buses redecorated in panda-themed livery.
At the same time, there has also been political controversy. The opposition Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) continues to see the pandas as a propaganda move by Beijing. They have appealed to their supporters not to visit the pandas.
Offspring.
Yuan Yuan gave birth to a cub on July 6, 2013 at the Taipei Zoo. The female cub was nicknamed Yuan Zai (also pronounced in Taiwanese Hokkien as Yi Ya). Yuan Zai has several meanings: rice ball, and also '(Yuan)Yuan's child'. On October 26, at the zoo's 99th anniversary ceremony, the baby panda was officially named Yuan Zai after a naming activity that saw 60% of the votes go to the cub's nickname. She was also presented an honorary citizen's card on that day. As Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan were sent to Taiwan from People's Republic of China in exchange for two Formosan sika deer and two Taiwan serows, the baby cub does not need to be returned.

</doc>
<doc id="20834020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834020" title="The Lion (mountain)">
The Lion (mountain)

The Lion is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is directly South of The Cupola and North of The Citadel.

</doc>
<doc id="20834023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834023" title="Jason Wakeling">
Jason Wakeling

Jason Wakeling (born 24 May 1968) is a competitive pistol shooter from New Zealand. At the 1998 Commonwealth Games he won a silver medal in the men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol pairs event, partnering Alan Earle.
Highest official ISSF World ranking was 14th for 25m Olympic Rapid Fire Pistol in April 2002.
Represented New Zealand for 18 years (1988 - 2006).
Winner of 43 NZ National shooting titles over 11 different shooting disciplines.

</doc>
<doc id="20834029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834029" title="2006 Premier League Snooker">
2006 Premier League Snooker

The 2006 Betfred Premier League Snooker professional non-ranking snooker tournament was played from 14 September to 3 December 2006.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won in the final 7–0 against Jimmy White.
__TOC__
League phase.
Top four qualified for the play-offs. If points were level then most frames won determined their positions. If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions. If that ended 3–3 then the player who got to three first was higher. (Breaks above 50 shown between (parentheses), century breaks are indicated with bold.)
Play-offs.
2–3 December – Forum Centre, Wythenshawe, England

</doc>
<doc id="20834037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834037" title="Southend-on-Sea Borough Police">
Southend-on-Sea Borough Police

The Southend-on-Sea Borough Police is a police force that was established by the county borough of Southend-on-Sea, England, in 1914. This force existed independently until 1969.
In 1969 Southend-on-Sea Borough Police amalgamated with Essex to become the Essex and Southend-on-Sea Joint Constabulary. This merger was campaigned against by the council and the local MPs. The title was shortened to Essex Police in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20834048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834048" title="Piccata">
Piccata

Piccata (picatta, pichotta : spellings) is a method of preparing food: meat is sliced, coated, sautéed and served in a sauce. The dish originated in Italy using veal (veal piccata). In the United States, the most well-known variant is chicken piccata. The recipe has a meatless adaptation using seitan (seitan piccata).
A chicken breast is butterflied or sliced along its width. It is flattened with a tenderizer between two pieces of wax paper. It is seasoned and dredged in flour before being browned in butter or olive oil. The sauce is made using the pan drippings. Lemon juice and white wine are added and reduced. Shallots or garlic can be added with capers and slices of lemon. After reduction, butter is stirred in to finish the sauce.
In the United States, it is usually served with a starch, such as pasta, polenta, or rice. In Italy, veal piccata is a secondo and would be served after the pasta (or other starch) course.

</doc>
<doc id="20834059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834059" title="The Citadel (mountain)">
The Citadel (mountain)

The Citadel is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North East end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is directly South of The Lion and West of Murpheys Bluff. It forms the South Eastern border of The Moat, an alpine lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20834086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834086" title="Wiseblood (King Swamp album)">
Wiseblood (King Swamp album)

Wiseblood is the second studio album by the British rock band King Swamp. Originally released in September 1990, the album was panned by the critics. When the album failed to chart anywhere in the U.S. or the U.K., the band split up.

</doc>
<doc id="20834100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834100" title="Mickey Keegan">
Mickey Keegan

Max Pelham (born February 15, 1986) is an American professional wrestler, currently working for WWE in its developmental territory, NXT Wrestling, under the ring name Mickey Keegan. Pelham is also known for his appearances on the independent circuit in the Northeastern United States (with promotions such as Chaotic Wrestling and New England Championship Wrestling) as Max Bauer.
Professional wrestling career.
Chaotic Wrestling (2005-2012).
Bauer first began competing in Chaotic Wrestling (CW) in 2005, and was part of the villainous faction Intellectual Properties with Arch Kincaid and Thomas Penmanship. On December 9, 2005, Bauer won the Chaotic Wrestling Tag Team Championship with Kincaid as part of Intellectual Properties, when they defeated Bryan and Matt Logan. They held the title until April 21, 2006, when they dropped it back to The Logan Brothers. On June 30, however, Kincaid and Bauer won back the CW Tag Team Championship from The Logan Brothers, but lost it to Jason Blade and Kid Mikaze on October 20. On December 1, 2006, however, Penmanship turned on the group, and was replaced by Alex Arion.
In 2007, Bauer joined the Big Business faction with Arion and Brian Milones, and were managed by Cherry Payne. On March 30 Bauer and Arion won the CW Tag Team Championship by defeating Jason Blade and Kid Mikaze, but then lost it back to Blade and Mikaze on May 18. On October 19, Bauer and Arion defeated Bryan Logan and Brian Fury. At the end of 2007 and start of 2008, Big Business were involved in a rivalry with Brian Fury, with all members taking him on in both singles and tag team matches. Bauer later broke away from Big Business, and began competing in singles matches, before forming a short-lived tag team with Chase Del Monte. On December 5, Bauer competed in a six-way number one contender's match, but it was won by "Big" Rick Fuller. In 2009, Bauer formed a tag team with Tommaso Ciampa.
New England Championship Wrestling (2006-2010).
Bauer made his New England Championship Wrestling (NECW) debut on June 10, 2006, defeating Nat Turner. In only his second NECW appearance on July 15, Bauer unnsuccessfully challenged Frankie Arion for the NECW Television Championship. After a short hiatus from NECW, Bauer returned on October 28 at "Monster's Brawl", as part of the DNA faction, alongside TJ Richter and Scott Reed, when DNA defeated RIOT and Billy King and Mike Lynch. At the following show, "Double Impact", Bauer and Reed, accompanied by Richter, defeated 2D Edge (Jose Perez and Pat Masters).
On February 24, 2007, Bauer lost to Alex Arion, provoking a scripted rivalry between DNA and Alex Arion. At "March Badness" on March 24, Alex Arion defeated Bauer and Reed in a handicap match. At "NECW Global Impact", after Alex Arion defeated "Sensational" Scott Reed on June 30, Bauer and TJ Richter attempted to attack Arion after the match but was stopped by NECW officials who threatened them with suspension. Arion then confronted Reed, Bauer and Richter, and challenged Richter to a singles match to allow his brother Frankie Arion, who had been forced to leave the promotion 10 months earlier, to return to NECW. Richter declined, and instead proposed a gauntlet match in which he would have to defeat all three men or retire from wrestling, to which Arion agreed. On July 20, Arion won the gauntlet match, after defeating Reed first, then Bauer via disqualification, and finally Richter to officially reinstate his brother. At NECW's "Birthday Bash 7: Caged Fury" on August 18, Bauer and Richter lost to The Arion Brothers. On October 27, Bauer lost a match to the NECW Television Champion Brandon Locke by disqualification after Richter, who had been banned from ringside interfered. Afterwards, Bauer attacked Richter to disband DNA. At "The Toxic Waltz" on December 28, Bauer won The Toxic Waltz tournament, by defeating Richter in the final, to earn a title match for the NECW Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship at "Genesis".
At Snowbrawl on January 28, Bauer and his team of Brian Fury, Alex Arion, and Bobby Fish defeated "Big" Rick Fuller, D.C. Dillinger, Eddie Edwards and Antonio Thomas in an tag team elimination match. At "Genesis" on February 27, Bauer had the title match that he earned by winning The Toxic Waltz tournament, but lost to the reigning champion Rick Fuller by disqualification. In a rematch at "March Badness", Fuller defeated Bauer to retain. On April 26, at "Spring Breakdown" the NECW Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship was vacated due to a controversial ending of the match at "March Badness". As a result, a triple threat match, involving Bauer, Rick Fuller and Antonio Thomas, was set up as the main event, and Bauer won to become the undisputed champion. Numerous successful title defenses followed for Bauer, including a triple threat match at "Birthday Bash 8: Larger Than Life" when he defeated "Big" Rick Fuller and D.C. Dillinger. At the 2008 Toxic Waltz Tournament, Bauer competed under a mask as the "Masked Enforcer", and won the tournament by defeating Alex Arion. Bauer was not cleared to compete in the tournament, so after he unmasked, the NECW President Sheldon Goldberg, reversed the decision and declared Arion the winner, earning Arion a shot at the Triple Crown Championship at "Genesis 8".
After Bauer defeated the NECW Television Champion Handsome Johnny on December 13 to retain the Triple Crown Championship, a second match between the two of them January 10, 2009, was won by Bauer again, this time by disqualification. At "Genesis 8", on February 21, Bauer defeated Alex Arion to retain his championship. At the following show, Arion interfered in Bauer's match, and hit him with a steel chair. This led to a rematch from "Genesis" on April 18, in which Bauer retained his championship, after hitting Arion with a steel chair to get himself intentionally disqualified. Bauer lost the title to Brandon Locke in Pembroke, Massachusetts on February 27, 2010. Bauer had held the title for an NECW record of 22 months.
East Coast Wrestling Association (2007).
On October 13, 2007, Bauer and Kermon the German, collectively known as The Berlin Bad Boys, defeated The Heavyweights (Sean Royal & Dan Eckos) to win the ECWA Tag Team Championship. On December 1, Bauer and Kermon the German lost the Tag Team Championship to The Logan Brothers (Bryan and Matt Logan).
WWE.
NXT Wrestling (2012-present).
In August 2012, it was reported that Bauer had signed for WWE and would report to their developmental territory NXT Wrestling. He made his debut on October 24 on an NXT house show teaming with Corey Graves to defeat Ben Satterly and Trent Barretta. Bauer made his televised NXT debut on December 5 with the ring name Axl Keegan, in a loss to Bo Dallas. On the June 26 "NXT," a renamed Mickey Keegan lost to Dallas again. Mickey is currently dealing with a career-threatening neck injury, specifically his spinal stenosis was getting narrowed after he had a MRI test recently.
Bauer is now working as NXT creative assistant .

</doc>
<doc id="20834103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834103" title="Rachel Burgin">
Rachel Burgin

Rachel Burgin (born July 23, 1982) was a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives from the 56th District, which was located in Hillsborough County, from 2008 to 2012. Burgin was first elected in 2008 over Democratic opponent Lewis Laricchia, a retired union negotiator, and was overwhelmingly re-elected in 2010 over Democratic challenger David Chalela. As a State Representative, Burgin found herself embroiled in controversy in November of 2011, when she introduced legislation urging the federal government to reduce corporate taxes. As introduced, Burgin's legislation was identical to legislation that was written by the American Legislative Exchange Council, and even included the group's mission statement. Within a few days, Burgin withdrew the legislation and re-introduced it, without the group's mission statement.
In 2012, rather than seek a third term in the House, Burgin ran for the Florida Senate from the 24th District. She faced former President of the Senate Tom Lee in the Republican primary, who overwhelmingly defeated her. 

</doc>
<doc id="20834106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834106" title="Murpheys Bluff">
Murpheys Bluff

Murpheys Bluff is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is directly East of The Citadel and North West of Cleft Peak. It towers above Bluff Tarn to the North West.

</doc>
<doc id="20834116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834116" title="Florentino García Martínez">
Florentino García Martínez

Florentino García Martínez (born in Mochales, Spain in 1942) is a former Catholic priest, now married and for many years professor of religion and theology at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands. He is a leading expert on messianic ideas in the Dead Sea scrolls.
He is responsible for the standard translation of the Dead Sea Scrolls along with Eibert Tigchelaar: "The Dead Sea Scrolls: Study Edition", 2 Volumes, (Leiden/Grand Rapids: Brill Eardmans, 1997 & 1998).
García Martínez has put forward an analysis of the material regarding the Wicked Priest found columns 8 to 12 of the Habakkuk Commentary known as the Groningen hypothesis.
Publications.
Among García Martínez's more recent publications are:

</doc>
<doc id="20834127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834127" title="Twin Hawk">
Twin Hawk

Twin Hawk, known in Japan as , is a 1989 vertically scrolling shooter arcade game developed by Toaplan and published by Taito.
Gameplay.
"Twin Hawk" resembles other shooters of the time, specifically Toaplan's earlier game, "Flying Shark". Also like Toaplan's other games, there were various differences between the Japanese version and other versions, including a checkpoint system and higher difficulty for the former. Unusually, the game contains no flying enemies; thus, a complete lack of physical obstructions and a stronger focus on the numbers and speed of ground forces.
Another draw of "Twin Hawk" is the game's unique "smartbomb" in the form of a group of friendly planes; pressing button 2 once will call in six Flying Fortresses to surround and protect the player's plane, and provide back-up fire. They are easily taken down by enemy fire, so the player must use them wisely. 
Pressing button 2 again immediately after the call-in will sacrifice the planes for a more typical smartbomb. Otherwise, pressing button 2 while any other plane is on-screen will suicide them all into the nearest enemies below.
Plot.
At the end of an alternate WWII, a new European country is formed called Gorongo. General Giovanni of the Gorongo military was infuriated with the results of the war and what it meant to the country of Gorongo, initiating a rebellion against the country’s government that was widely followed by his soldiers. Holing themselves up on Bobo Island, south of Gorongo, Giovanni declared the occupation as the independent state of Fuangania and plotted to take over Gorongo. After taking over the town of Kusunoki, the Fuangania invasion – consisting of massive ground and sea attack forces – started to spread.
Gorongo President Bratt ordered a counterattack that focused on the one type of firepower Giovanni lacked: an air force. The special air force "Daisenpuu" sets up a mountain base after spotting a secret Fuangania fortress under construction. However, nearing the end of their training, the airforce is spotted by the Fuangania and are preparing to attack. It's up to the player, in the role of the Wing Commander, to fly into Giovanni's secret base and take him and his commanding unit out.
There is a different plot on the back of the flyer for the European arcade release.
Ports and related releases.
"Twin Hawk" was ported a year later by Sega to the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis in Japan on June 23, 1990, and in Europe on July 25, 1990. During the same year, it was ported and published by NEC Avenue to the PC Engine exclusively in Japan on December 14, 1990. On July 26, 1991, an enhanced re-issue of the PC Engine version for the PC Engine CD-ROM² titled was released, which is similar to the PC Engine version with the added benefit of arranged CD-DA soundtrack and additional stages and enemies.
Reception.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Mega Drive version of the game a 30 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="20834130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834130" title="List of terrorist incidents in Pakistan since 2001">
List of terrorist incidents in Pakistan since 2001

This is the list of major terrorist incidents in Pakistan. The War on Terror had a major impact on Pakistan, when terrorism inside Pakistan increased twofold. The country was already gripped with sectarian violence, but after the September 11 attacks in the United States in 2001, it also had to combat the threat of Al-Qaeda and Taliban militants, who fled from Afghanistan and usually targeted high-profile political figures. 
In 2006, 657 terrorist attacks, including 41 of a sectarian nature, took place, leaving 907 people dead and 1,543 others injured according to Pak Institute for Peace Studies (PIPS) security report.
In 2007, 1,503 terrorist attacks and clashes, including all the suicide attacks, target killings and assassinations, resulted in 3,448 casualties and 5,353 injuries, according to the PIPS security report. These casualties figure 128 percent and 491.7 percent higher as compared with 2006 and 2005, respectively. The report states that Pakistan faced 60 suicide attacks (mostly targeted at security forces) during 2007, which killed at least 770, besides injuring another 1,574 people. PIPS report shows visible increase in suicide attacks after Lal Masjid operation.
In 2008, the country saw 2,148 terrorist attacks, which caused 2,267 fatalities and 4,558 injuries. Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) in its annual report indicated that there were at least 67 suicide attacks across Pakistan killing 973 people and injuring 2,318. Further, a source in the investigation agencies disclosed that the total number of suicide blasts in Pakistan since 2002 rose to 140 (till December 21, 2008) while 56 bombers had struck in 2007. 
In 2009, the worst of any year, 2,586 terrorist, insurgent and sectarian-related incidents were reported that killed 3,021 people and injured 7,334, according to the "Pakistan Security Report 2009" published by PIPS. These casualties figure 48 percent higher as compared to 2008. On the other hand, the rate of suicide attacks surged by one third to 87 bombings that killed 1,300 people and injured 3,600.
Terrorist attacks staged in Pakistan have killed over 35,000 people, 5,000 of which are law enforcement personnel, and caused material damage to the Pakistani economy totalling US$67 billion by the IMF and the World Bank.
According to an independent research site pakistanbodycount.org maintained by Dr. Zeeshan-ul-hassan Usmani a Fulbright scholar deaths from suicide bombings up to October 2011 were 5,067 with over 13,000 injured. The website also provides analysis on the data showing an evident increase in suicide bombing after the Lal Masjid operation. All death counts are verifiable from news sources placed online.
References.
500. Wajid Ali Syed: The sorry state of Pakistan: Huffington Post, 9, Sep 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20834154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834154" title="Cleft Peak">
Cleft Peak

Cleft Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is South East of Murpheys Bluff and North West of Greycap.

</doc>
<doc id="20834167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834167" title="Wines of Georgia">
Wines of Georgia

Wines of Georgia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20834178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834178" title="Joanne Henry">
Joanne Henry

Joanne Henry (born 2 October 1971) is a former New Zealand heptathlete. She won a bronze medal in the women's heptathlon at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20834179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834179" title="Taško Načić">
Taško Načić

Taško Načić (; 7 April 1934, Kruševac, Serbia - 27 March 1993, Belgrade) was a popular Serbian actor.
He studied acting at The Faculty of Dramatic Arts in Belgrade, where he graduated in 1956. In 1954 he became a member of National Theatre in Belgrade, where he acted in plays "Stanoje Glavaš" and "Gospođa Ministarka". Soon after that he went to theater Boško Buha and then to the just-founded Atelje 212 where he remained until his death. He acted in numerous plays such as: "Arsenik i stare čipke" (Arsenic and Old Lace), "Kartoteka", "Kralj Ibi" (King Ubu), "Viktor ili Deca na vlasti" (Victor, or Power to the Children), "Kafanica, sudnica, ludnica", "Kape dole", "Galeb" (The Seagull), "Mark i šuma gusta", "Rado ide Srbin u vojnike", "Maratonci trče počasni krug", "Purpurno ostrvo", "Radovan III", "Čudo u Šarganu", "Ne pucaj, bre" (monodrama), "Ožalošćena porodica", "Mat'rijalisti", "Propast carstva srpskoga", "Veliko i malo", "Čaplja", "Karijera", "Pariska komuna", "Svećar". He acted in 62 theater plays.
In movies, he first appeared in Vojislav Nanović's movie "Bolje je Umeti" in 1960, and after that in "Bokseri idu u raj", "Bubašinter", "Majstor i Margarita", "Kičma", "Ko to tamo peva" (Who's That Singing Over There), "Halo, taksi!", "Davitelj protiv davitelja", "Maturanti", "Sulude godine", "Tajna manastirske rakije", "Tesna koža 4" and "Juriš na skupštinu"." He acted in 26 movies. He also played in numerous TV series and TV movies, such as "Diplomci" and "Bolji život".

</doc>
<doc id="20834194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834194" title="The Snakestretchers">
The Snakestretchers

The Snakestretchers band featuring Roy Buchanan on guitar was originally organized by Danny Gatton to play a PBS documentary on WNET in New York City, hosted by Bill Graham. The original band was Roy Buchanan (lead guitar), Dick Heintze (keyboard wizard), Michael "Pokey" Walls (drums & vocals), Chuck Tilley (vocals & rhythm guitar) and Danny Gatton on bass. Danny Gatton and drummer "Pokey" Walls left the group before the show was taped and teamed up at Gus N' Johns Restaurant, also in "suburban MD". (Peter Van Allen '72-74 Bass)
Origin of the band's name.
The name originated in the band room at the Crossroads Nightclub in Bladensburg, Maryland. Every break the band sojourned to the band room, drank beer and told "road stories". Chuck Tilley said one night he “dreamed he was hired as a snake stretcher”. 
The band itself had no name at that time. When queried "What's the name of your band?" - "Pokey" quickly replied once - "Roy Buchanan and The Snake Stretchers" (two words). Thinking up nutty names for the band turned out to half the fun of any given night. 
This name was never intended to be serious. It was “officially applied” when the group played a politically connected event at a Wash, DC PBS station and one band member casually answered the “ever popular question” with "the Snake Stretchers" - to someone who turned out to be a Washington Post reporter. It was just in fun, but once published in the Washington Post, it was accepted as fact and "coined" into a single word.
References.
The source of the article, Michael "Pokey" Walls, a lifetime musician who played the Wash. DC club, concert and recording scene from 1965 to 1988. He worked with and recorded with Roy Buchanan, Danny Gatton and many other notable guitarists of the era. He also recorded with the British Walkers and the Chartbusters and was the main recording drummer for Paramount Artists in Wash. DC (the management and production company that handled the Chartbusters and British Walkers). He still performs in the Tampa Bay area. The account is first hand knowledge. 
Other very reliable historians of DC rock are long time Danny Gatton cohort Billy Hancock and Mark Opsasnick, who penned "Capitol Rock" and "The Lizard King Was Here: The Life and Times of Jim Morrison in Alexandria, Virginia ."

</doc>
<doc id="20834224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834224" title="Greycap">
Greycap

Greycap is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies near the centre of the Frankland Range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is South East of Cleft Peak and North West of Frankland Saddle. It is a wider than most of the other peaks on the Frankland Range, with less steep sloping sides.

</doc>
<doc id="20834227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834227" title="Swift River Reservation">
Swift River Reservation

The Swift River Reservation is a open space preserve located in Petersham, Massachusetts, United States. The property, named after the East Branch of the Swift River (a tributary of the Ware River), is managed by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations and offers of trails available for hiking, horseback riding, mountain biking, and cross country skiing. Ledges, river corridor, woodlands, scenic vistas, and wetlands characterize the preserve.
The property is divided into three contiguous parcels, the "Slab City Tract", "Davis Tract", and "Nichewaug Tract." Trailheads are located off Massachusetts Route 32/122, Glen Valley Road, and Nichewaug Road in Petersham. A network of trails runs between the Davis and Nichewaug tracts; the Slab City tract is not connected to the other two parcels via trail. The East Branch of the Swift River passes through the Slab City and Nichewaug tracts.
History and Conservation.
The reservation was farmland until the late 1880s. Small scale mill industries also stripped the area of trees. When farming migrated to the Midwest and the industries closed, the land became wooded again. The property contains cellar hole remains of farmsteads. Scenic vistas are located on the Slab City and Nichewaug tracts.
The tracts were acquired in 1983 and 1985 by the Trustees of Reservations.
The Swift River Reservation is part of a larger area of protected open space including Harvard University's Harvard Forest, and state owned land.

</doc>
<doc id="20834259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834259" title="Jessica Chamba">
Jessica Chamba

Jessica Chamba (born November 16, 1981) is a European NGO activist. She is currently Vice President of the European Movement.
Life and education.
Chamba, born as Jessica Pennet, was grown up in the Lyon area. She graduated in political science from Sciences Po in Paris in 2004 and currently runs consulting firm in health policy and social services.
In 2009, she co-founded the consulting company Cekoïa Conseil.
NGO career.
Chamba started her NGO career as President of the Sciences Po campus section of the "Young European Federalists", the youth organization of the European Movement. Between 2003 and 2005, she served as President of the national section of this pro-European youth organization. During her term of office she led the pro-YES campaign for the referendum on the ratification of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe in France, which was eventually rejected by 55% of the population. Despite this rejection, she contributed to establish JEF-France as the leading pro-European youth organization in France.
Subsequently, Chamba joined the Steering Committee of the European Movement and the Federal Committee of the Young European Federalists (JEF-Europe), the umbrella organization of the youth sections of the European Movement. Between 2007 and 2009, she served as Senior Vice President of JEF Europe, and in autumn 2008 she was elected Vice President of the European Movement for a three years term.
External links.
European Movement
Young European Federalists
Cekoïa Conseil

</doc>
<doc id="20834267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834267" title="Frankland Peak">
Frankland Peak

Frankland Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the southeastern end of the Frankland Range near the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is west of Secheron Peak and north of Right Angle Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="20834278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834278" title="Bonito Boats, Inc. v. Thunder Craft Boats, Inc.">
Bonito Boats, Inc. v. Thunder Craft Boats, Inc.

Bonito Boats, Inc. v. Thunder Craft Boats, Inc., 489 U.S. 141 (1989), is a decision of the United States Supreme Court holding a state anti-plug molding law preempted because it partially duplicated and therefore interfered with federal patent law. The decision reaffirmed the Supreme Court’s earlier decision in "Sears, Roebuck & Co. v. Stiffel Co.", which held a state unfair competition law preempted on the same ground.
The Supreme Court opinion (by Justice O’Connor) explained the ruling in these terms:
Taken together, the novelty and nonobviousness requirements the patent statute express a congressional determination that the purposes behind the Patent Clause are best served by free competition and exploitation of that which is either already available to the public, or that which may be readily discerned from publicly available material.
Thus our past decisions have made clear that state regulation of intellectual property must yield to the extent that it clashes with the balance struck by Congress in our patent laws. The tension between the desire to freely exploit the full potential of our inventive resources and the need to create an incentive to deploy those resources is constant. Where it is clear how the patent laws strike that balance in a particular circumstance, that is not a judgment the States may second-guess.
e believe that the "Sears" Court correctly concluded that the States may not offer patent-like protection to intellectual creations which would otherwise remain unprotected as a matter of federal law. 
Appending the conclusionary label "unscrupulous" to such competitive behavior copying merely endorses a policy judgment which the patent laws do not leave the States free to make. Where an item in general circulation is unprotected by patent, reproduction of a functional attribute is legitimate competitive activity.
he federal standards for patentability, at a minimum, express the congressional determination that patent-like protection is unwarranted as to certain classes of intellectual property. The States are simply not free in this regard to offer equivalent protections to ideas which Congress has determined should belong to all.
Like the interpretation of Illinois unfair competition law in "Sears", the Florida statute represents a break with the tradition of peaceful coexistence between state market regulation and federal patent policy. The Florida law substantially restricts the public's ability to exploit an unpatented design in general circulation, raising the specter of state-created monopolies in a host of useful shapes and processes for which patent protection has been denied or is otherwise unobtainable. It thus enters a field of regulation which the patent laws have reserved to Congress. The patent statute's careful balance between public right and private monopoly to promote certain creative activity is a scheme of federal regulation so pervasive as to make reasonable the inference that Congress left no room for the States to supplement it.
Impact and subsequent developments.
One commentator, Professor Rice, maintains that "Bonito Boats" must be understood to prevent states from passing laws against such “rights” as that of fair use and reverse engineering. He argues:
"Bonito Boats" stilled any remaining doubts. It is inconceivable, in the wake of "Bonito Boats", that the Court would sustain trade secret law which was recast to make reverse engineering unlawful. 
Congress subsequently enacted the Vessel Hull Design Protection Act (VHDPA) 
as part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, providing copyright-like or "sui generis" protection to boat hull designs, under a registration system something like that of the Semiconductor Chip Protection Act (SCPA). Since the VHDPA is a federal statute, it is not subject to preemption by the patent law or other federal statutory law, but it is possible that constitutional problems might exist under the patent clause of the Constitution.
The VHDPA was too late for Bonito Boats, however. According to the U.S. Coast Guard, Bonito Boats went out of business July 19, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20834281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834281" title="Edward Stone Parker">
Edward Stone Parker

Edward Stone Parker (1802–1865) was a Methodist preacher and assistant Protector of Aborigines in the Aboriginal Protectorate established in the Port Philip District of colonial New South Wales under George Augustus Robinson in 1838. He established and administered the Franklinford Aboriginal Protectorate Station in the territory of the Dja Dja Wurrung people from January 1841 to the end of 1848.
Early life.
Parker was born on 17 May 1802 in London to Edward Stone Parker and his wife Mary. He became an apprenticed printer and a Sunday school teacher in the Methodist Church and was a candidate for the ministry. He married Mary Cook Woolmer in 1828, thus breaking probationary conditions for the ministry leading him to teaching in a Methodist day school in Greater Queen Street, London.
Assistant Protector.
The Colonial Office in England appointed him as assistant Protector of Aborigines, and he and his wife and six sons sailed for Sydney. He arrived in Melbourne in January 1839. Robinson appointed Parker to the northwest or Loddon District in March, but he did not start his protectorate until September 1839. The Protector's duties included to safeguard aborigines from "encroachments on their property, and from acts of cruelty, of oppression or injustice" and a longer term goal of "civilising" the natives.
Parker initially established his base at Jackson's Creek near Sunbury, which was not close enough to the aboriginal nations of his protectorate. Parker suggested to Robinson and to Governor Gipps that protectorate stations be established within each district to concentrate aboriginals in one area and provide for their needs and so reduce frontier conflict. The Governor of NSW, Sir George Gipps, agreed and stations or reserves for each protector were approved in 1840. Parker's original choice for a reserve in September 1840 was a site, known as "Neereman" by the Dja Dja Wurrung, on Bet Bet Creek a tributary of the Loddon River. However, the site proved unsuitable for agriculture and in January 1841 Parker selected another site on the northern side of Mount Franklin on Jim Crow Creek with permanent spring water. This became known as the Loddon Aboriginal Protectorate Station at Franklinford, and was known to the Dja Dja Wurrung as "Lalgambook". 
A Homestead, church, school and several out buildings were initially constructed. Parker employed a medical officer, Dr W. Baylie, to treat the high incidence of disease, a teacher to educate Dja Dja wurrung children, and employed several free and assigned labourers.
Franklinford provided a very important focus for the Dja Dja Wurrung during the 1840s where they received a measure of protection and rations, but they continued with their traditional cultural practices and semi-nomadic lifestyle as much as they could. At times over 200 aborigines congregated at Franklinford. Initially Parker had wanted the station used by several tribes, but the Dja Dja Wurrung objected to this as the station was on their territory so "mainmat" or foreign people were limited to a very few.
Parker also attempted to prosecute those European settlers who had killed aborigines including Henry Monro and his employees for killings in January 1840 and William Jenkins, William Martin, John Remington, Edward Collins, Robert Morrison for the murder of Gondiurmin in February 1841. Both cases were thrown out of court due to the inadmissibility of aboriginal witness statements and evidence in Courts of Law. Aboriginals were regarded as heathens, unable to swear on the bible, and therefore unable to give evidence. This made prosecution of settlers for crimes against aborigines exceedingly difficult, while also making it very difficult for aborigines to offer legal defences when they were prosecuted for such crimes as sheep stealing.
Parker learnt the Dja Dja Wurrung language and over time became more acquainted with their culture and traditions. But his Christian proselytising met with only limited success. A few young Dja Dja Wurrung became Christian and settled into agricultural farming, but most people continued in the traditions and culture of the Dja Dja Wurrung. The protectorate ended on 31 December 1848, with about 20 or 30 Dja Dja Wurrung living at the station at that time. Parker and his family remained living at Franklinford. Six Dja Dja Wurrung men and their families settled at Franklinford, but all but one died from misadventure or respiratory disease. Tommy Farmer was the last survivor of this group who walked off the land in 1864 and joined the Coranderrk reserve.
While chiefly remembered for his work as Assistant Protector, Parker was a leading layman and preacher in the Port Philip colony's Methodist community. He also served on the Council of the University of Melbourne in 1853, was a nominated member of the Victorian Legislative Council in 1854-55 and in 1857-62 an inspector for the Denominational Schools Board.
Parker's first wife, Mary, died in 1842. Parker remarried in 1843. He died on 27 April 1865 at Franklinford, survived by his second wife Hannah, née Edwards and by ten children.
See also.
Dja Dja Wurrung

</doc>
<doc id="20834293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834293" title="Agrostis oregonensis">
Agrostis oregonensis

Agrostis oregonensis is a species of grass known by the common name Oregon bent grass. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California to Wyoming, where it grows in several habitat types. 
Description.
It is a perennial bunchgrass growing in 75 centimeters tall. The leaves are flat and up to 30 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a wide open array of wispy branches bearing clusters of spikelets each a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20834300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834300" title="Japan Air System Flight 451">
Japan Air System Flight 451

Japan Air System Flight 451 was a Japan Air System flight from Nagoya Airport in the Nagoya area in Aichi Prefecture, Japan to Hanamaki Airport in Hanamaki, Iwate Prefecture. On April 18, 1993, the Douglas DC-9-41 on the route crashed while landing at Hanamaki Airport. The aircraft, caught by windshear, skidded off of the runway.
The aircraft broke in three. All 72 passengers and five crew members survived, with 19 people sustaining injuries. The aircraft caught fire as the passengers evacuated. The aircraft was written off.

</doc>
<doc id="20834302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834302" title="The Clinic (1982 film)">
The Clinic (1982 film)

The Clinic is a 1982 Australian film directed by David Stevens. The film is a comedy/drama describing a day in a Melbourne VD clinic focusing on four doctors and their patients. It was filmed in Melbourne, Australia and Deniliquin, Australia.
Award nominations.
In 1983 the film received 2 AFI Award nominations for Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Pat Evison) and Best Original Screenplay (Greg Millin).
Box Office.
" The Clinic" grossed $414,000 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $1,092,960
in 2009 dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="20834305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834305" title="Neal Hendrix">
Neal Hendrix

Neal Hendrix (born May 12, 1973) is an American professional skateboarder.
Hendrix grew up in Lewisville, North Carolina, and started skating backyards and parks across the mid-Atlantic in 1986. In 1991 he turned pro for New Deal and two years later moved to southern California, where he resides today.
Career highlights include five X Games medals, earning titles in 2005 at the Skatepark of Tampa Pro Vert Contest and Shanghai Showdown, ranking 2nd in the 2007 World Cup of Skateboarding Vert World Rankings, 11 years skating on the Vans Warped Tour, and skating with Tony Hawk’s Boom Boom Huckjam.
In 1996, Hendrix skated in the Olympic Games closing ceremonies in Atlanta, Georgia.
In addition to skating professionally, Hendrix is a reporter for Fuel TV’s “The Weekly Update”. Neal was the previous skate director at Camp Woodward West in Tehachapi, CA and is now the Woodward brand manager.
Hendrix's current sponsors include: Elephant Brand Skateboards, Vans shoes, Type-S Wheels, Triple 8 Helmets, 187 Pads, and Brixton

</doc>
<doc id="20834312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834312" title="Mount Lloyd Jones">
Mount Lloyd Jones

Mount Lloyd Jones is a mountain in South West Tasmania named after aviator and adventurer, Lloyd Lindsay Jones MBE (1916–2004). It lies on the South East end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is West of the end of the ridge line leading to the edge of Lake Pedder at Terminal Peak and North East of Secheron Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="20834330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834330" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Barton County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Barton County, Kansas

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Barton County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Barton County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 18 properties listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20834331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834331" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Chase County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chase County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Chase County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Chase County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 17 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20834332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834332" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Cowley County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cowley County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Cowley County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Cowley County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20834333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834333" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Ellsworth County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ellsworth County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Ellsworth County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Ellsworth County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20834334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834334" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Ellis County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ellis County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Ellis County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Ellis County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 16 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. At least two other sites that were once listed have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20834335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834335" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 18 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20834336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834336" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnson County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnson County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnson County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Johnson County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 22 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20834337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834337" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in McPherson County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in McPherson County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in McPherson County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in McPherson County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 22 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20834338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834338" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Marshall County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marshall County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Marshall County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Marshall County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20834339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834339" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Russell County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Russell County, Kansas

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Russell County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Russell County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 19 properties listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20834340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834340" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Reno County, Kansas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Reno County, Kansas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Reno County, Kansas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Reno County, Kansas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20834347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834347" title="Right Angle Peak">
Right Angle Peak

Right Angle Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies to the South East of the Frankland Range near the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is surrounded by small lakes such as Lake Surprise to the East. It is South West of Secheron Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="20834348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834348" title="Sodium adsorption ratio">
Sodium adsorption ratio

Sodium adsorption ratio (SAR) is a measure of the suitability of water for use in agricultural irrigation, as determined by the concentrations of solids dissolved in the water. It is also a measure of the sodicity of soil, as determined from analysis of water extracted from the soil.
The formula for calculating sodium adsorption ratio is:
where sodium, calcium, and magnesium are in milliequivalents/liter.
Although SAR is only one factor in determining the suitability of water for irrigation, in general, the higher the sodium adsorption ratio, the less suitable the water is for irrigation. Irrigation using water with high sodium adsorption ratio may require soil amendments to prevent long-term damage to the soil.
If irrigation water with a high SAR is applied to a soil for years, the sodium in the water can displace the calcium and magnesium in the soil. This will cause a decrease in the ability of the soil to form stable aggregates and a loss of soil structure and tilth. This will also lead to a decrease in infiltration and permeability of the soil to water leading to problems with crop production.

</doc>
<doc id="20834349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834349" title="Agrostis pallens">
Agrostis pallens

Agrostis pallens is a species of grass known by the common name seashore bent grass. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Montana to California, where it grows in many types of habitat. 
Description.
"Agrostis pallens" is a perennial bunchgrass growing 10 to 70 centimeters in height, sometimes from a rhizome. The leaves vary in width and length but are generally not more than 5 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a narrow array of thin branches bearing small clusters of spikelets, each spikelet being just a few millimeters long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20834389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834389" title="Hamilton Kerr Institute">
Hamilton Kerr Institute

The Hamilton Kerr Institute is a branch of the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridgeshire, England, dedicated to the study and restoration of antiques. It is also part of the University of Cambridge.
Facilities and logistics.
The institute was founded in 1976 through grants from the Baring Foundation, the Esmée Fairbairn Trust, the Gulbenkian Foundation, the Isaac Wolfson Foundation, the Monument Trust, and the Pilgrim Trust, and continues to finance itself through income from its work and its endowment fund. It is housed in a riverside property, donated by Hamilton Kerr, seven miles south of Cambridge in the village of Whittlesford. The premises consist of a mid-eighteenth century house and converted mill buildings, containing offices and a scientific laboratory, restoration studios, studios for panel treatment and the relining of canvases, and studios for photography. Also, in 1980, the institute opened a studio in London.
Notable restoration accomplishments.
The Westminster Retable: 1998–2004. The Westminster Retable of ca. 1270 was the main altarpiece for Westminster Abbey during pre-Reformation England. When it was rediscovered in the 18th century, several poorly executed restoration attempts damaged the retable. In 1998, the institute acquired this work, and began work on repairing and restoring it.
Also restored a 15-ft long medieval altarpiece to a Suffolk church after an eight-year plan. Estimated to be worth millions, the altarpiece is thought to have been created in the 1330s for a Dominican Priory in Norfolk. It now stands in a protective glass case in St Mary's Church, Thornham Parva.
List of major donors.
The following have made donations:

</doc>
<doc id="20834403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834403" title="Secheron Peak">
Secheron Peak

Secheron Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the southeastern end of the Frankland Range near the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is east of Frankland Peak and towers over Lake Surprise to the north. Right Angle Peak lies one kilometre to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20834427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834427" title="List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 2009">
List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 2009

These are the US number one albums of 2009, per the "Billboard" 200.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="20834433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834433" title="Terminal Peak">
Terminal Peak

Terminal Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the north east end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the east from a ridge off the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is east of Mount Lloyd Jones and north west of Mount Jim Brown. It overlooks Mount Solitary, which is surrounded by Lake Pedder.

</doc>
<doc id="20834436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834436" title="Eagle Force">
Eagle Force

"For the Solomon islands organization see: Malaita Eagle Force." 
"For other uses of Eagle Force see: Eagle Force (disambiguation)"
Eagle Force was an die-cast action figure toy line marketed by Mego Corporation in the 1980s in the United States, the line was similar to the G.I. Joe action figures by Hasbro. They were designed by Paul Kirchner.
Description.
The Eagle Force figures measure 2 inches. In the United States there were a total of eighteen figures in the series. Five of whom (Redwing, Wild Bill, Nemesis, Sergeant Brown and Baron Von Chill) were released a year after the other thirteen and are more difficult to find than the other thirteen. Additionally vehicles and playsets were produced including a mountain base, a jet, two jeeps, and two tanks. There were also four "Adventure Packs" which were: Communications, Ocean Patrol, Tactical, and Bivouac. 
In the United States there were also comic books, cap guns and other Eagle Force items available . Outside the United States the Eagle Force lineup included numerous variations in packaging, figure painting and plus additional vehicles. Slight variations in packaging also occurred in the United States were common while the line was in production by the Mego company and later, other companies began producing figures from the same molds. producing more variations when Mego stopped production of the series.
The Organization.
According to the Mego Intro Eagle Force was created as a counter-terrorist task force by the United States Government to combat the Roving International Organization of Tyranny or RIOT. RIOT was a terrorist organization driven by world domination. RIOT was led by General Mamba assisted by Savitar the Ninja and Beta Man, an arsonist.
Eagle Force was put together from the best that the United States Military had to offer. Eagle Force was commanded by Captain Eagle who wore an eye patch. He led a group of special forces experts who had codenames like Big Bro, Harley, the Turk, The Cat, Stryker, Redwing, Kayo, Wild Bill, and Goldie Hawk
Marketing.
Eagle Force was released through Target stores in May 1981 where they instantly sold out. However, Mego closed down in 1982. Apparently, an unnamed company used the Eagle Force molds to create a line of figures called simply "Action Figure". The packaging was totally different than Eagle Force packaging and most of the figures in this line were painted the same as the Eagle Force line. However, others were painted very differently as it seems that only a tan skin color was used for the heads, therefore the Sergeant Brown figure is a caucasian and Redwing has a tan head with brown arms.
After 1982 Eagle Force action figures were released by Ideal whose released them in packages with "Strike Force" printed where "Eagle Force" was printed on the Mego releases.
See also.
Similar products:

</doc>
<doc id="20834440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834440" title="Alf Walker">
Alf Walker

Alfred Samuel "Alf" Walker (c. 1887 – 14 September 1961) was an English footballer.
Playing career.
Walker played for Northampton Town and then Brentford, before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1909. He scored twice 35 games for the club, as they posted eighth and ninth places finishes in the Football League Second Division in 1909–10 and 1910–11. He joined non-league Port Vale in 1911, and enjoyed regular football in Burslem, helping the club to lift the Birmingham Senior Cup in 1913. However, he lost his place in October 1913, and after colliding with low railings at The Old Recreation Ground on 26 January 1914 was out of action for some time. He was released at the end of the season and moved on to Scottish side Dunfermline Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="20834470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834470" title="James L. Jones, Sr.">
James L. Jones, Sr.

Major James Logan Jones, Sr. (born June 16, 1912) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps and is considered to be a "co-patron of amphibious reconnaissance" in the Fleet Marine Force. He pioneered the United States' first 'amphib recon' units, the Observer Group and the FMF Amphib Recon companies during World War II.
He is the father of the James L. Jones, Jr., 32nd Commandant of the Marine Corps, former Supreme Allied Commander of Europe, and U.S. National Security Advisor.
Life and career.
Jones was born and raised in Kansas City, Missouri, the son of Irene Catherine (née Kenefick) and Charles Vernon Jones. He had a brother, William K. Jones (who became a Marine Lt. General). James Jones graduated from Shattuck Military School, Faribault, Minnesota, in 1930, and various law schools. He joined the International Harvester Company working as a sales representative. By 1937, he was sent to Africa where he furnished various agencies and contractors with specifications and data on motor trucks and tractors. He traveled extensively in northern and western Africa, from Dakar in Senegal, to the Province of Southwest Africa, and later to Casablanca, Morocco, to cover the area from Gibraltar to the mouth of the Congo River. During this time, he learned to speak several languages.
Military service.
Jones signed for commission in the United States Army Reserve, serving from September 13, 1933 to September 5, 1938. When the war broke out, he departed Africa, due to the circumstances of military presence of Nazi Germany forces. While working in the Canal Zone, he applied for a commission in the Marine Corps upon the suggestion of his brother, William K. Jones (later lieutenant general). Although he was denied due to his age of 27, one of his references, the admiral in charge of the Caribbean area, persuaded General Holcomb, and Jones was subsequently approached by a colonel, a lieutenant colonel and a major asking him to resubmit his application. He did and transferred his U.S. Army commission for a Marine commission in the Marine Forces Reserve on February 3, 1941, as a 2nd lieutenant.
Jones was assigned to the Intelligence section on the Amphibious Corps staff of the Observer Group. He was fluent in several foreign languages and was extremely familiar with the target area of Africa; to include his experience in mechanical and mechanized vehicles and machinery; had experience in living in foreign lands; and had a military schooling and background. Because of these qualifications, he was assigned in February 1942 until September 1942, during which time he was promoted to captain. He became the commanding officer of the Amphibious Corps, Pacific Fleet's (ACPF) Amphib Recon Company on January 7, 1943.
After spending 25 months of combat duty in the Pacific during World War II from 1943 to 1945, Major Jones was awarded several commendations.

</doc>
<doc id="20834482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834482" title="List of number-one dance singles of 2009 (U.S.)">
List of number-one dance singles of 2009 (U.S.)

The "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs chart ranks the best-performing singles in that category in the United States. The first number-one song of the year was claimed by English-American pop girl group The Pussycat Dolls with the song "I Hate This Part". It remained at number one for an additional week, spending two weeks atop the chart in total. Artists to achieve one number one on the chart throughout the course of 2009 were The Killers with "Human", Donna Summer with "Fame (The Game)", LeAnn Rimes with "What I Cannot Change", Shontelle with "T-Shirt", and Lily Allen with "The Fear". Two artists achieved two number ones on the chart. American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey topped the chart twice with "I Stay in Love" from her eleventh studio album "E=MC²" (2008), and with "Obsessed" from her twelfth studio album "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel" (2009). 
French DJ David Guetta also topped the chart two times with "Sexy Bitch", a collaboration with Akon, and with "When Love Takes Over", a collaboration with Kelly Rowland; "When Love Takes Over spent two consecutive weeks atop the chart, and ranked at number one on the 2009 Hot Dance Club Songs year end chart. The Pussycat Dolls and Kristine W both achieved three number one singles on the chart. In addition to "I Hate This Part", which peaked at number one for two consecutive weeks, The Pussycat Dolls also topped the chart with "Bottle Pop", a collaboration with Snoop Dogg, and "Hush Hush", featuring Nicole Scherzinger. Kristine W topped the chart with "Never", "Love Is the Look", and "Be Alright". Beyoncé and Lady Gaga were the only artists to achieve at least four number one songs on the chart. The former topped the chart with "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Diva", "Halo", and "Sweet Dreams". The latter topped the chart with the songs "Poker Face", "LoveGame", "Paparazzi", and "Bad Romance".

</doc>
<doc id="20834484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834484" title="Udzungwa Mountains National Park">
Udzungwa Mountains National Park

Udzungwa Mountains National Park is a national park in Tanzania with a size of 1,990 km² (770 miles²). The habitats contained within the national park include tropical rainforest, mountain forest, miombo woodland, grassland and steppe. There is a vertical height range of 250–2,576 metres (the peak of Lohomero), which incorporates the Udzunga Mountains part of the Eastern Arc Mountains. There are more than 400 bird species, 2500 plant species (25% of which are endemics) and 6 primate species. It has the second largest biodiversity of a national park in Africa.
Six primate species have been recorded, five of which are endemic. The Iringa Red Colobus and Sanje Crested Mangabey are only found in the Udzungwa Mountains National Park, the mangabey species was undetected by biologists prior to 1979.
Tourism in the Udzungwa Mountains national Park revolves around hiking and trekking, as the park has no roads and is accessible only on foot. The hiking trails range in difficulty from the short one hour Sonjo trek to the extremely challenging 6 day camping trek the Lumemo Trail. The most common walk is the Sanje Waterfalls trail which takes approximately four hours to complete and allows the visitor access to the stunning 170m waterfall and includes swimming in the waterfall plunge pools as part of the activity.
Accommodation for visitors within the park is only possible on a camping basis as there are no lodges within the park borders. Near to the park gates is the Hondo Hondo Udzungwa Forest Tented Camp, a new ecolodge running on hydropower offering ensuite accommodation for visitors. Within the nearby village of Mang'ula there are also a couple of local guesthouses providing a budget option.

</doc>
<doc id="20834526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834526" title="Harry Myatt">
Harry Myatt

Harry Myatt (c.1880 – 9 October 1967) was a football manager, noted for being the manager of Port Vale.
Biography.
Myatt was an investor with Port Vale, he was one of a number of individuals who put money into the club in December 1908. He became a director and club vice-chairman, before being appointed team manager in October 1913, stepping down 7 months later.
He remained active in Port Vale, assisting the manager rebuild post-World War I and helping the club resist a merger with rivals Stoke City in 1926. He was elected as the club's first President in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20834540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834540" title="Athena Cinema">
Athena Cinema

The Athena Cinema is a movie theater in Athens, Ohio that has been showing 35mm film movie presentations since 1915. Originally called Majestic Theatre, the name was eventually changed to Schine's Athena before being called The Athena Cinema.
Current Ownership and Operation.
In 2001, the Athena went up for sale but no one showed interest in operating the nearly century old cinema. The theater was contracted to Ohio University which sought to restore the building. The Athena reopened in February 2002. Ohio University contracted the theater to an independent manager. When the lease was nearing expiration, a committee formed to decide how the theater could have a place within the university’s mission. The committee employed clusters of business students who added ideas of how the Athena should operate.
The students and the committee decided that the Athena should continue as a movie theater and that the College of Fine Arts should run it. “Other recommendations included improving marketing, exploring linkages to the academic enterprise, connecting with more students, co-promoting with uptown businesses, looking at new programming that has community appeal and giving the theater a different niche than other local movie houses.” 
On September 19, 2008 the Athena reopened under the management of the College of Fine Arts and began screening art house as well as international films.
History.
The Majestic, now known as the Athena, opened up in 1915 when the Bethel grocery store was evicted. The movie theater began showing movies that all the stars were in. The theater was such a low price, at 5 cents for a “four reeler movie”, that people would rather go to the theater than spend more money seeing something at an expensive opera house. The theater was getting in all the most popular movies from “Etta of the Footlights” and “A Good Little Devil”. The theater wanted to keep its prices low and show first run movies for their low price of 5 cents to please their Athens customers. The theater wasn’t without its problems though. People of Ohio weren’t ready for some of the more risqué movies. In Ohio, “Birth of a Nation” was not allowed to be shown. It took the Ohio Board of Censors two years to allow it, and even then you had to travel to either Columbus or Cincinnati to view it. Another movie that was fairly risqué and caused problems at the Athena was Theda Bara’s “Sin”. The only way the movie was able to be shown, and get past the Censor board, was to play off the movie that it was a depiction of what would happen if one commits a sin and also a study of human behavior.
Student Involvement.
The Athena has always been a big part of Ohio University’s history. The earliest noted school and student involvement was the conga line that formed in 1941 after winning the basketball game. The students, in pure ecstasy, formed a conga line and went into the Athena; danced down the aisle, crossed in front of the screen, then back out onto Court Street and continued down the street. Students have also always had a little hand in the pricing of tickets. In 1968, two students picketed the theater on a Friday night because of the increased ticket prices. The theater’s ticket used to be $1.50, but then the theater announced that they were raising the price of an adult ticket to $2.00. Those students were outraged and decided that picketing was the best solution to lower the prices. Three days later the theater decided to speak with the original picketers. Since the number of picketers had increased from two to twenty by the end of the weekend, they decided to sit down and come to an agreement on what both parties felt was best for everyone. They decided to do a trial run and see what happened. They decided that they would now offer a matinee price of $1 if patrons came before 5pm and then at night, they would offer $2 movie tickets. If patrons took advantage of this trial run pricing scheme, then the managers offer this deal all the time. This pleased both parties and everyone went away happy. The student delegates encouraged people to take advantage of this deal, since it was only a trial run, to show the managers that they want this deal to stay.
Scandal.
The Athena has had its fair share of scandal. The Athena, in 1972, switched showing “Sexual Freedom in Denmark” for “No Deposit, No Return” because of certain complaints. The mayor, Donald Barrett, sent the Captain of the Police department, Charles Cochran to check out the film to see what everyone in town was complaining about. The mayor claimed that it was the Captain’s duty to check out the film and see if the complaints from citizens were warranted. The theater showed a very risqué movie in 1977 called “Fantasy Girls”. Two cops went to see the movie and spoke with the manager. It was just a friendly chat but they did express their concern for such raunchy movies being shown at the theater. The Chief of Police, Ted Jones, told the theater to stop showing X-Rated movies. Although he would not say what would happen to the theater if they refused to stop showing X-Rated movies. The manager stopped showing the film but refused to stop showing widely accepted raunchy films such as “Clockwork Orange”. A few days later, the Chief of police Ted Jones said that he is “not comfortable with police officers making decisions” regarding what is obscene and what is not. The manager of the theater, Ben Geary, completely disagrees with the chief of police’s decision. He believes that he has done nothing wrong and that the X-rated movies are monitored. He says that he still disagrees with the chief of police’s opinion.

</doc>
<doc id="20834558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834558" title="Cultural Foundation">
Cultural Foundation

Cultural Foundation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20834568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834568" title="Odontaspis">
Odontaspis

Odontaspis is a genus with two extant species in the sand shark family, Odontaspididae. They are large-bodied sharks with long, conical snouts, broad-based dorsal and anal fins, and an asymmetrical caudal fin with a strong lower lobe. Their teeth are large, with prominent narrow cusps. They are distinguished from the similar genus "Carcharias" by the absence of crushing posterior teeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20834583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834583" title="Agrostis scabra">
Agrostis scabra

Agrostis scabra is a common species of grass known by the common names hair grass, rough bent grass, winter bent grass, and ticklegrass. A tumbleweed, It is a bunchgrass native to Asia and much of North America, and widely known elsewhere as an introduced species. It occurs in most of the United States except parts of the Southeast and most of Canada except for the farthest northern regions. It can be found in Mexico and California, and across Alaska to far eastern Asia as far south as Korea. 
It is resident in a great variety of habitats, from warm coastal valleys to the alpine climate of high mountain ranges.
Description.
"Agrostis scabra" is a perennial bunchgrass growing mainly upright in form to heights around 75 centimeters. The leaves are rough with tiny hairs and up to about 14 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a wide open array of spreading, thready branches bearing spikelets each a few millimeters long.
Uses.
The tolerance of this grass to alpine climates makes it a good plant to use in revegetating disturbed land in such regions. It is known to spring up on sites where few other plants can grow, such as abandoned coal mines and soils polluted with sulfur, copper, and nickel.

</doc>
<doc id="20834617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834617" title="Jun Limpot">
Jun Limpot

Zandro P. Limpot, Jr. (born December 14, 1971), also known as "The Main Man" Jun Limpot, is a former Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Career.
As a De La Salle Green Archer, Limpot led his team to two UAAP basketball titles (1989 and 1990). He shares the record of being a 3-time UAAP Most Valuable Player.
He then played for Magnolia Ice Cream in the PBL for four years from 1989 to 1993.He led the team to four conference championships and he won a PBL Most Valuable Player Award in the process.
Aside from that,he also was part of the national basketball team of the Philippines that won the Gold Medal at the 1991 Manila SEA Games.This then led Limpot to be the PBA's most sought-after amateur in the 1993 PBA Draft.
He was drafted 1st overall by the Sta. Lucia Realtors, where he averaged 20.6 points, 8.1 rebounds, 2.3 assists and 1.6 blocks in 39.8 minutes per game as a rookie. Limpot was the Rookie of the Year and spent 7 years with the Sta. Lucia franchise before being traded to the Barangay Ginebra Kings in 2000 for Marlou Aquino.
He was also a member of the national basketball team of the Philippines that participated at the 1998 Asian Games.
In 2004, he was traded to the Purefoods TJ Hotdogs where he won his only PBA championship in 2006.He then retired at the end of the 2006-07 season.
Personal.
Limpot is married to the former Adrianne Escudero.

</doc>
<doc id="20834628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834628" title="Tom Morgan (footballer)">
Tom Morgan (footballer)

Thomas M. Morgan was a football manager, noted in the 1930s for twice being the manager of Port Vale, as well a having a spell as manager of Wrexham.
Playing career.
Morgan played for Etruria Church, Goldenhill Villa, Tunstall Park and Goldenhill Warriors before joining Port Vale in the summer of 1910. He scored twice on his debut at inside-right in a 4–2 win at Audley in a Burslem Park Cup game. However he was forced into retirement due to injury the following year, having played just a further four games for the club.
Coaching career.
Morgan was offered employment at Vale following his injury. He worked as a scout, assistant secretary and reserve team manager before being appointed the first time manager in October 1929. Before being fired in June 1932 he led the club to the Third Division North title and a club record 5th place finish in the second tier. He once more became assistant-secretary and then was later made secretary-manager again in 1937.
Rather than risk being replaced once again, Morgan accepted the role of Wrexham manager in April 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20834643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834643" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Nelson County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nelson County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Nelson County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20834652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834652" title="Dispersin B">
Dispersin B

Dispersin B (also known as DspB or DispersinB) is a 40 kDa glycoside hydrolase produced by the periodontal pathogen, "Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans". The bacteria secrete Dispersin B to release adherent cells from a mature biofilm colony by disrupting biofilm formation. The enzyme catalyzes the hydrolysis of linear polymers of N-acetyl-D-glucosamines found in the biofilm matrices. Poly-acetyl glucosamines are integral to the structural integrity of the biofilms of various Gram-positive bacteria and Gram-negative bacteria and are referred to as PIA (PNAG,PS/A) in "Staphylococcus" species and PGA in "Escherichia coli". By degrading the biofilm matrix, Dispersin B allows for the release of bacterial cells that can adhere to new surfaces close by and extend the biofilm or start new colonies. Currently there is interest in Dispersin B as a commercial anti-biofilm agent that could be combined with antibiotics for the treatment of bacterial infections.
Biological Function.
Dispersin B is produced by "Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans", a Gram-negative oral bacterium, when it needs to detach and disperse adherent bacterial cells. "A. actinomycetemcomitans" forms asymmetric biofilm lobed colonies that release single cells or small clusters of bacterial cells, which can attach to nearby surfaces, form new colonies, and enable the biofilm to spread. A biofilm is a matrix of extracellular polymeric substances that are synthesized by the bacteria. The biofilm's structural integrity is dependent on poly-N-acetylglucosamine (PGA), extracellular DNA, and proteinaceous adhesins. It allows bacteria to adhere to host surfaces, protects the bacterial cells from host defenses, results in increased resistance to antibiotics, and provides a protected environment with microchannels for the flow of water and other essential nutrients. 
By hydrolyzing PGA, Dispersin B disrupts the formation of the biofilm matrix and allows adherent cells to be released. Dispersin B has also been shown to cause the detachment of biofilm cells that have adhered to abiotic surfaces as well as cause the disaggregaton of highly auto-aggregated clumps of bacterial cells.
Enzyme Structure.
The three-dimensional structure of dispersin B was determined by expressing the protein in "E. coli", purifying it from cultures, and crystallizing it in the orthoorhombic space group C2221 with one molecule in the asymmetric unit. It is a 361 amino acid protein consisting of a single domain. The major substructure consists of residues 1-60 and residues 91-358, which fold into a β/α structure of a typical TIM barrel. The loop β4 contains two highly conserved residues Asp183 and Glu184 that are part of the enzyme's active site, a large cavity in the center of the bowl-shaped Dispersin B molecule. 
The oligomer substrate binding and cleaving at the active site of Dispersin B was studied to learn more about the enzymatic degradation. Reverse phase HPLC was used to analyze the products of the hydrolysis of substrates with differing degrees of polymerization. Chain lengthening of the substrate was shown to increase the catalytic efficiency of Dispersin B. A substrate with a degree of polymerization of five was not enough for total subsite occupancy. Carbamate substrates were also shown to improve the activity of the enzyme relative to the benchmark substrate 4-nitrophenyl N-acetyl-β-D-glucosamine.
Enzyme Mechanism.
Dispersin B is a β-hexosaminidase that specifically hydrolyzes β-1,6-glycosidic linkages of acetylglucosamine polymers found in biofilm matrices. As a member of family 20 β-hexosaminidases, it cleaves terminal monosaccharide residues from the non-reducing end of the polymers. The active site of Dispersin B contains three highly conserved acidic residues: an aspartic acid at residue 183 (D183), a glutamic acid at residue 184 (E184), and a glutamic acid at residue 332 (E332). In the proposed mechanism, E184 serves as the acid/base and donates a proton to the -OR on C1. Crystallographic evidence suggests that substrate-assisted catalysis occurs and D183 is believed to assist in activating the N-acetyl group, which acts as a nucleophilic in an attack of C1. Water then attacks the imine to release the cleaved polymer from the active site. The use of the neighboring C2-acetamido group of the substrate differs from the majority of β-glycosidases, which use a carboxyl group as a nucleophile in their mechanisms. Although E332 is located farther away from the anomeric carbon, the lower activity of Dispersin B with the mutation E332Q suggests that it is important for catalysis. It may be critical in stabilizing the transition state of cleaving the terminal monosaccharide.
Applications.
Dispersin B may be useful for treating and preventing biofilm-associated infections caused by poly-"N"-acetylglucosamine-producing bacteria. Dispersin B prevented the formation of "S. epidermidis" biofilm, which suggests that biofilm-releasing enzymes can exhibit broad-spectrum activity and could be potential antibiofilm agents.
Commercial development.
Dispersin B is being commercially developed as a wound care gel and medical device coating by Kane Biotech, Inc., a Canadian biotech company. External and internal catheters that were coated with a combination of Dispersin B and triclosan. These catheters were shown to be as effective at preventing bacterial infection as already commercially available chlorhexidine-sulfadiazine-coated catheters. These findings support that Dispersin B exhibits synergistic activity when combined with antibiotics. Carbamate substrates were also shown to improve the activity of the enzyme relative to the benchmark substrate 4-nitrophenyl N-acetyl-β-D-glucosamine.
Pharmaceutical-grade Dispersin B has been successfully manufactured by BioVectra, Inc., Charlottetown, P.E.I., Canada, and is currently undergoing biocompatibility testing. Clinical trials to test the effectiveness of dispersin B for the treatment and prevention of diabetic foot ulcers and pressure sores should begin in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20834654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834654" title="Joey Loyzaga">
Joey Loyzaga

Ernesto Jose "Joey" C. Loyzaga (born September 23, 1961) is a Filipino former basketball player. 
He played for San Beda College in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines) before going on to play professional basketball in the Philippine Basketball Association. Loyzaga played for Magnolia, Swift, Shell, Ginebra San Miguel and Alaska. 
He is the son of Philippine basketball great Carlos Loyzaga and Vicky Cuerva. He and brother Chito Loyzaga became one of the few siblings to have played in the PBA, eventually playing together with Ginebra San Miguel.

</doc>
<doc id="20834662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834662" title="Eagle Force (disambiguation)">
Eagle Force (disambiguation)

Eagle Force is a line of die-cast action figures.
Eagle Force can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20834673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834673" title="Atlantic League (football)">
Atlantic League (football)

The Atlantic League is a proposed international association football competition to be played in a number of European countries. The aim of the Atlantic League to allow clubs who have been successful in their national competitions to participate in a more competitive league that would be more attractive to fans and television viewers, resulting in higher revenues and the ability to attract more talented players. An Atlantic League would aspire for itself and its clubs to achieve parity with the largest existing national leagues in England, Italy, Germany and Spain.
2000-2001 proposals.
The first Atlantic League proposal was made by Peter Fossen and Harry van Raaij, chief executive officer and club president respectively at Dutch club PSV Eindhoven. Fearing that their club would be left behind in terms of financial revenue and ability to attract star players relative to those that play in the largest European national leagues, they contacted a number of other clubs, both in the Netherlands and abroad, with large fanbases, with the proposition that they secede from their existing league competitions and form an international competition with one another. A plan was drawn up for a league featuring clubs from the Netherlands, Belgium, Portugal and Scotland, plus a contingent from Scandinavian countries. Talks were held with AFC Ajax, Feyenoord, F.C. Porto, Rangers F.C. and Celtic F.C.; Celtic were particularly receptive of the idea. The league was slated to begin in 2002 at the earliest, following the conclusion of television rights contracts in the affected countries.
By 2001, Fossen had abandoned a parallel idea of setting up a completely Europe-wide league competition (the Euroleague) - he had forwarded this idea through the influential G-14 group of clubs, of which PSV was a member, but was forced to relent following opposition from clubs in the largest national leagues like England and Germany. He instead furthered his Atlantic League proposal, entering into discussions with UEFA's marketing director Lars-Christer Olsson with a project that now included the other Dutch and Scottish clubs contacted in the initial stage, plus S.L. Benfica and Sporting C.P. from Portugal's Liga Sagres, R.S.C. Anderlecht and Club Brugge K.V. from Belgium's Jupiler League, IFK Göteborg and AIK from Sweden's Allsvenskan, and Brøndby IF and F.C. Copenhagen from Denmark's SAS Ligaen. A system of promotion and relegation would be maintained, with the least successful clubs relegated back to their national top leagues to be replaced by that league's champions. Qualification for the existing European club competitions (the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup) would be available through the league.
With a target population of over 40 million in Atlantic League represented countries, and with a proposed average attendance of over 30,000, which would be the third largest of all European leagues, van Raaij hoped to secure a television contract comparable to that of the larger leagues. The Scottish Premier League (SPL) were actively involved in the negotiations, but other domestic leagues affected offered lucrative deals to clubs to remain in their national setup.
UEFA chief executive Gerhard Aigner accepted the need for action in preventing the disparity between the largest clubs and the would-be Atlantic League participants, but during a two-day summit in Nyon, Switzerland in February 2001, ultimately rejected the proposal. He instead proposed a revamp of the UEFA Cup competition to try to redress the balance. With meetings still on-going between the Atlantic League group that September, UEFA insisted that if they broke away from the governing body to set up the league, they would suffer from no longer being able to compete in Europe-wide competition such as the Champions League.
2002 proposals.
By April 2002, Rangers and Celtic (collectively known as the Old Firm) were openly attempting to secede from the SPL and enter the English league system instead. van Raaij and PSV approached the pair with a new Atlantic League proposal, now featuring between 18 and 20 teams and no longer including the Scandinavian countries. Up to five places would have been awarded to Scottish clubs under the new proposal; significantly, this would allow clubs in the SPL other than the Old Firm to contest the competition. This development came just as those clubs threatened to resign from the league in protest at the dominance of the Old Firm. The new Atlantic League would again maintain promotion and relegation with the national top leagues and facilitate qualification for Europe-wide competition.
North Atlantic League Cup.
In the autumn of 2003, representatives of the Dutch, Belgian, Danish and Scottish leagues proposed an alternative competition called the North Atlantic League Cup. It would feature the top four clubs from each of the four leagues in a round-robin group stage followed by a knockout tournament each January, although those still competing in the Champions League or UEFA Cup would be exempt from the competition. Celtic's Ian McLeod reassured UEFA that this competition would be complementary to, and not intended to replace, the existing national competitions, unlike the Atlantic League. UEFA replied that international competitions must take place under their jurisdiction, but were not opposed to the idea, only insisting that the national associations involved be in full agreement.
2008 resurrection.
In December 2008, Rangers manager Walter Smith admitted he would like to see his club competing in the Atlantic League, with a reserve team continuing to compete in the SPL - opining that the financial domination of the largest leagues has cheapened the appeal of the Champions League, as top clubs are able to field weakened teams and still able to qualify easily. The SPL remained open to the idea, but refused to enter into any negotiations until its existing television rights deal concludes in 2014. Scandinavian clubs were included again in media speculation over interested clubs, this time including Rosenborg BK from Norway's Tippeligaen. UEFA are likely to oppose the proposals once more, citing fear of the proliferation of non-national leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20834678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834678" title="Calycadenia hooveri">
Calycadenia hooveri

Calycadenia hooveri is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Hoover's western rosinweed. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada foothills of central California, where it grows in rocky areas in the hills.
Description.
"Calycadenia hooveri" is an annual herb producing thin, spindly stems 10 to 60 centimeters tall. The leaves are linear in shape and arranged alternately along the stem, especially on the lower part. The largest is up to 8 centimeters long. The inflorescence bears several bracts, each with a bulbous gland on it. It also bears one or more tiny, glandular flower heads, each with 1 or 2 disc florets and sometimes 1 or 2 lobed white ray florets. The fruit is an achene; those arising from the disc florets may have a pappus of scales at the tip.

</doc>
<doc id="20834687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834687" title="Japan national football team in 2008">
Japan national football team in 2008

This page records the details of the matches played by the Japan national football team during 2008. In 2008 the Japan national football team competed in the third and fourth round of the AFC 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifications, the 2008 East Asian Cup, and the 2008 Kirin Cup, amongst other friendly matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20834712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834712" title="Latchkey">
Latchkey

Latchkey or Latch-key is a term that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20834719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834719" title="Lovingston Historic District">
Lovingston Historic District

The Lovingston Historic District is a national historic district located in Lovingston, Virginia. It is a historic district which includes the entirety of the 1809 and 1823 plats as well as the continued growth through the early-to-mid-20th-century. The cohesive village contains a diverse collection of building types and architectural styles that reflect the town’s growth and development as the seat of Nelson County from its inception to the present. It consists of 105 properties with 176 total resources (134 contributing resources), including the Nelson County Courthouse listed separately on the National Register of Historic Places, forty-nine single dwellings, twenty-four commercial structures, six multiple dwellings, twenty-five sheds, three churches, five tavern/hotels, eleven offices, a theater, a cooper shop, a packing shed, a post office, a bank, a cemetery, and two statues.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20834739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834739" title="Sign value">
Sign value

In sociology and in economics, the term sign value denotes and describes the value accorded to an object because of the prestige (social status) that it imparts upon the possessor, rather than the material value and utility derived from the function and the primary use of the object. For example, the buyer of a Rolls-Royce limousine might partly value the automobile as transport, yet might also value it as a sign that "signifies" his or her wealth to a particular community and to society in general. The automobile’s transport-function is primary, from which arises its use-value, whilst the social prestige function is secondary, from which arises its sign-value.
The French sociologist Jean Baudrillard proposed the Theory of Sign Value as a philosophic and economic counterpart to the dichotomy of exchange-value "vs." use-value, which Karl Marx recognized as a characteristic of capitalism as an economic system.
In popular culture.
In "The Sims" video game, furniture and room furnishings (decorations) are identified and labelled as possessing “room-enhancing value” that is treated as a form of sign value.

</doc>
<doc id="20834765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834765" title="Dwarves Deep">
Dwarves Deep

Dwarves Deep is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 9300, was published in 1990, and was written by Ed Greenwood, with cover art by Brom and interior art by Andy Price.
Contents.
The 64-page booklet is wrapped in a removable gatefold cover. The book includes a one-page introduction by Ed Greenwood, where he explains that this book details the dwarves and dwarven society of the Realms. Pages 3–5 detail what it is to be a dwarf, including dwarven character, everyday beliefs, dwarven manners, customs, dwarven nature, the doom of the dwarves (low birthrate), festivals and moots, professions, what it means to be a handsome dwarf (hirsute), and the metals most marvellous admired by dwarves. Page 6 details how love and marriage work between dwarves, including courting, marriage, having children, and halfbloods (with humans, gnomes, and halflings). Pages 7–8 detail the various dwarven races of the Realms, including the Shield (or Northern) Dwarves, the Gold (or Southern) Dwarves, the Gray Dwarves, and Wild Dwarves (who receive full stats on page 9). Page 10 details dwarven craft and feats of dwarven engineering. Pages 11–12 describe the dwarven language, including runestones, and dwarven words and names. Page 13 details dwarven clans, including clan organization, clan law, clan professions, and the known clans of dwarves. Page 14 discusses dwarven brotherhoods, their term for adventuring bands. Pages 15–26 present the gods of the dwarves, including new deities Sharindlar, Marthammor Duin, Gorm Gulthyn, Haela Brightaxe, and Thard Harr. Pages 27–36 give details on the priests of the dwarves and the clergy of each deity. Pages 37–42 present dwarven magic spells while pages 43–45 dwarven magic items. Pages 46–47 detail the Great Rift, which has been ruled by the dwarves for centuries. Pages 48–50 details "the Deeps", a vast underground region; page 51 contains statistics for the deepspawn monster. Pages 52–60 reveal the Lost Kingdoms of long ago dwarves. Pages 61–62 detail dwarves in the Sword Coast North in the modern time of the Forgotten Realms. Pages 63–64 presents "current clack", a collection of tidbits of useful information that adventure scenarios could be based on.
This book also includes a fold-out color poster subterranean map of the Deep Realm showing the areas and levels ruled by the dwarves. The inside front cover contains an explanation of dwarven names, while the inside back cover contains a number of tables with sample dwarven names. The inside gatefold cover contains an illustration of a typical dwarven runestone while the outside gatefold cover presents the full Dethek language runic alphabet.

</doc>
<doc id="20834788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834788" title="Calycadenia mollis">
Calycadenia mollis

Calycadenia mollis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name soft western rosinweed. It is endemic to central California, where it grows in a number of habitat types in the Central Valley and adjacent Sierra Nevada foothills. This is an annual herb producing an erect, hairy stem up to 90 centimeters tall. The leaves are linear in shape and up to 8 centimeters long, the longest ones often toward the middle of the stem. The inflorescence bears several long clusters of small, very glandular flower heads, each of which has one or more white, yellow, or red triple-lobed ray florets around a center of disc florets. The fruit is an achene; those arising from the disc florets have a pappus of about eight scales. 

</doc>
<doc id="20834794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834794" title="Jakey Boy">
Jakey Boy

Jakey Boy may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20834795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834795" title="Schuyler Historic District">
Schuyler Historic District

The Schuyler Historic District is a national historic district located in Schuyler, Virginia. It comprises and includes 138 primary resources dating from its settlement period of the 1840s through the mid-20th century. A primary component are eight soapstone quarries located in Schuyler, with eight additional located just over the Albemarle County line. It represents a cohesive industrial community with the majority of its dwellings representative of vernacular regional building traditions. There is an “Executive Row” of dwellings overlooked the centrally located soapstone company from atop a bluff, with other quarry focused neighborhoods fanned out along adjacent hilltops.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20834796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834796" title="David (David Ruffin album)">
David (David Ruffin album)

David is an album by former Temptations singer, David Ruffin. Although recorded during the late 1960s through the early 1970s, the album was not released until 2004. The CD edition was out of print for several years, but was reissued by Hip-O Records in 2012; the 2012 edition is identical to the 2004 edition other than being packaged in a standard jewel case rather than a digipak. The album is also available for download through iTunes.
The track "Out In The Country" was written and produced by Rick James under the name Ricky Mathews while training as a producer at Motown.

</doc>
<doc id="20834797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834797" title="Patrick Fischler">
Patrick Fischler

Patrick Fischler (born December 29, 1969) is an American actor best known for his roles as Jimmy Barrett on the drama series "Mad Men", Dharma Initiative worker Phil on the drama series "Lost" and Detective Kenny No-Gun on the police drama "Southland". He has had more than 60 film and television credits, including the films "Mulholland Drive" (2001), "Ghost World" (2001), "Old School" (2003), "The Black Dahlia" (2006) and "Dinner for Schmucks" (2010).
A graduate of New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, Fischler co-founded the Los Angeles-based theater group Neurotic Young Urbanites. During a performance there, he was approached by an agent to audition for the action film "Speed" (1994), his first film credit. After guest starring on several television shows, Fischler received increased exposure for his role on "Mad Men", for which he based his character in part on entertainer Joey Bishop. Fischler filmed his parts for "Lost" and "Southland" simultaneously and, although originally only slated for two "Lost" episodes, he actually appeared in nine.
Fischler recently portrayed real-life gangster Mickey Cohen in the 2011 video game "L.A. Noire", which utilized facial performance-capture technology to convert performances in the game's graphics. Ironically, two years later he played gangster Meyer Lansky in scenes with Cohen's character in the TNT mini-series Mob City. In 2012, he appeared in "One for the Money", a crime thriller adapted from Janet Evanovich's novel of the same name. The Santa Monica restaurant "Patrick's Roadhouse" was started by his father and is named for him.
Early life and career.
Patrick Fischler was born in Los Angeles, California on December 29, 1969. His father, Bill, purchased a restaurant on the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, when Fischler was five years old and named it "Patrick's Roadhouse" after him. The restaurant has since become a hotspot for such celebrities as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sean Penn, Goldie Hawn and Johnny Carson. After graduating from high school, Fischler attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, where he met and started dating his future wife, actress Lauren Bowles, the half-sister of actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus. After graduating from Tisch, Fischler and Bowles moved back to Los Angeles, where, along with other New York University graduates, they, formed a theater group called Neurotic Young Urbanites. An agent who saw Fischler perform at a Neurotic Young Urbanites production arranged for him to attend an audition for the 1994 action film "Speed", which became Fischler's first film acting job. In the film, Fischler played one of the men trapped inside an elevator that nearly falls due to an attack by a bomber.
In 1998, Fischler starred in the independent film "The Week That Girl Died", a romantic comedy about three long-time friends in a small New England fishing town. For the part, he received a best lead actor award by the American Film Institute International Film Festival's New Directions jury, which honors independent films. Fischler also appeared in David Lynch's 2001 psychological thriller "Mulholland Drive" as a man describing a horrible nightmare he had. He also appeared in the 2002 television film "Gilda Radner: It's Always Something", a biopic about comedian Gilda Radner, where he played the real-life comedian Eugene Levy. He appeared in the films "Twister" (1996), "Ghost World" (2001), and "Old School" (2003). and "The Great Buck Howard" (2008), and played assistant district attorney Ellis Loew in Brian De Palma's 2006 crime film "The Black Dahlia". The character was referred to in the film as "Jewboy", Film reviewer Stephen Cole called his role in that film "a caricature that is as coarsely anti-Semitic as any sequence in Mel Gibson’s "The Passion of the Christ"." Fischler also appeared as a guest star in television shows "Angel", "Nash Bridges", "Burn Notice", "Lie to Me", "Bones", "Cold Case", "Monk", ', "Girlfriends", ', ' and '. By 2009, he had more than 60 film and television credits.
Increased recognition.
Fischler auditioned for the role of insult comic Jimmy Barrett on the AMC drama series "Mad Men", of which he was a fan. Alex Witchel, a writer from "The New York Times Magazine" who sat in on Fischler's audition, said he was "breathtakingly good". The character, Jimmy Barrett, is a client of the advertising company within the show, and his wife sleeps with protagonist Don Draper, played by Jon Hamm. Series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner cast Fischler because he felt the actor had a "New York quality" that he wanted the character to have. Weiner said of him: "Patrick has this tremendous edge. There was something very old-fashioned about the way he dealt with the character." Fischler said entertainer Joey Bishop was a major influence on how he played the role because he wanted Jimmy Barrett to have a charming element to him and make people laugh even while he said horrible things, as Bishop did. Fischler received a great deal of exposure and increase in name recognition after his role on "Mad Men". During one episode, Fischler's character tells Don's wife Betty about her husband's infidelity, then confronts Don and tells him off about his cheating. Fischler called receiving that script "the highlight of my career so far", adding: "After "Mad Men" I got a lot of 'How dare you speak to Don Draper like that? ... People, mainly women, were mad at me that I told Don off. I took it as a compliment." Fischler had been in talks to appear on the Showtime drama series "Californication", but he was unable to do so due to scheduling conflicts with "Mad Men".
Starting in 2009, Fischler became a recurring cast member on both the ABC drama series "Lost" and the NBC police drama "Southland". He was cast in "Lost" immediately the pilot for "Southland" was filmed and worked on both shows over the course of six months. To do so, he constantly flew back and forth between Hawaii, where "Lost" is filmed, and Los Angeles, where "Southland" is filmed, while simultaneously dealing with his wife's pregnancy. Fischler said the "Lost" producers were "incredibly accommodating" to his schedule. On "Southland" he played Detective Kenny No-Gun; series creator Ann Biderman described him as a "brilliant, incredibly versatile actor". Although originally expected to appear in only two "Lost" episodes, he ended up guest starring in nine, appearing in the fifth season as Phil, a member of the Dharma Initiative during a part of the show set in 1977. When he auditions for the role, Fischler did not know the storyline was moving from the present to the past, and did not learn it until he was handed his first script. In a May 2009 interview, Fischler said, "This is not a joke: a year ago if you were to ask me what are the two shows I want to be on, I would have said "Mad Men" and "Lost"."
Recent projects.
Fischler appeared in the 2010 comedy film "Dinner for Schmucks" as Vincenzo, one of the guests at a dinner where rich people bring eccentric guests and compete for who can bring the biggest loser. In the film, Fischler's character has a pet vulture, which he feeds by chewing food and spitting it directly into the bird's mouth. Fischler also portrayed the real-life gangster Mickey Cohen in the video game "L.A. Noire", which was released in May 2011. The game uses a facial performance-capture technology called MotionScan to record the performances of actors, then convert them to the graphics of the game. The game's casting directors worked on "Mad Men" and specifically approached Fischler for the Cohen character, and he accepted because he likes the film noir genre. Fischler said of the experience: "You really get to act in those scenes cause they’re capturing every moment on your face. A slight smile. A small frown. Everything."
In January 2012, Fischler appeared in "One for the Money", a crime thriller film adapted from the 1994 novel of the same name by Janet Evanovich, the first in a series featuring bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. He portrayed Vinnie Plum, a bail bondsman and Stephanie Plum's cousin. He will portray poet Lew Welch in the 2012 Michael Polish film "Big Sur", based on the autobiographical novel by Jack Kerouac.
Personal life.
Patrick Fischler and Lauren Bowles were married in 2004. They had a daughter named Fia in April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20834817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834817" title="United Kingdom and the American Civil War">
United Kingdom and the American Civil War

Great Britain was officially neutral throughout the American Civil War, 1861–65. Elite opinion tended to favour the Confederacy, while public opinion tended to favour the United States. Large scale trade continued in both directions with the United States, with the Americans shipping grain to Britain while Britain sent manufactured items and munitions. Immigration continued into the United States. British trade with the Confederacy was limited, with a little cotton going to Britain and some munitions slipped in by numerous small blockade runners. The Confederate strategy for securing independence was largely based on the hope of military intervention by Britain and France, which didn't happen; intervention would have meant war with the United States. A serious diplomatic dispute with the United States erupted over the "Trent Affair" in 1861; it was resolved peacefully in a few months. 
A long-term issue was the British shipyard (John Laird and Sons) building two warships for the Confederacy, including the CSS "Alabama", over vehement protests from the United States. The controversy was resolved after the Civil War in the form of the Alabama Claims, in which the United States finally was given $15.5 million in arbitration by an international tribunal for damages caused by British-built warships. The British built and operated most of the blockade runners, spending hundreds of millions of pounds on them; but that was legal and not the cause of serious tension. In the end, these instances of British involvement neither shifted the outcome of the war nor provoked the United States into declaring war against Britain. The U.S. diplomatic mission headed by Minister Charles Francis Adams, Sr. proved much more successful than the Confederate missions, which were never officially recognized.
Confederate policies.
The Confederacy, and its president Jefferson Davis, believed from the beginning in "King Cotton" -- the notion that British dependence on cotton for its large textile industry would lead to diplomatic recognition and mediation or military intervention. The Confederates had not sent out agents ahead of time to ascertain if the King Cotton policy would be effective. Instead by popular demand (not government action) shipments of cotton to Europe were ended in spring 1861. When the Confederate diplomats did arrive they tried to convince British leaders that the American naval blockade was an illegal paper blockade. Historian Charles Hubbard writes:
Hubbard adds that Davis’ policy was “a rigid and inflexible policy based on economic coercion and force. The stubborn reliance of the Confederates on a King Cotton strategy resulted in a natural resistance to coercion from the Europeans. Davis’s policy was to hold back cotton until the Europeans “came to get it.” The opinions of Secretary of War Judah Benjamin and Secretary of the Treasury Christopher Memminger that cotton should be immediately exported in order to build up foreign credits was overridden by Davis.
U.S. policies.
The Union’s main goal in foreign affairs was to maintain friendly relations and large scale trade with the world, and prevent any official recognition of the Confederacy by Britain or anyone else. Other concerns included preventing the Confederacy from buying foreign-made warships, plus the Free States gaining European support for policies against slavery, and attracting immigrant laborers, farmers and soldiers. There had been continuous improvement in Anglo-American relations throughout the 1850s. The issues of Oregon, Texas, and the Canadian border had all been resolved and trade was brisk. Secretary of State William H. Seward, the primary architect of American foreign policy during the war, intended to maintain the policy principles that had served the country well since the American Revolution – non-intervention by the United States in the affairs of other countries and resistance to foreign intervention in the affairs of the United States and other countries in this hemisphere.”
British policies.
Even before the war, British Prime Minister Viscount Palmerston urged a policy of neutrality. His international concerns were centred in Europe where he had to watch both Napoleon III’s ambitions in Europe and Bismarck’s rise in Germany. During the Civil War, British reactions to American events were shaped by past British policies and their own national interests, both strategically and economically. In the Western Hemisphere, as relations with the United States improved, Britain had become cautious about confronting the United States over issues in Central America. As a naval power, Britain had a long record of insisting that neutral nations abide by its blockades, a perspective that led from the earliest days of the war to de facto support for the Union blockade and frustration in the South. 
Diplomatic observers were suspicious of British motives. The Russian Minister in Washington Eduard de Stoeckl noted, “The Cabinet of London is watching attentively the internal dissensions of the Union and awaits the result with an impatience which it has difficulty in disguising.” De Stoeckl advised his government that Britain would recognize the Confederate States at its earliest opportunity. Cassius Clay, the United States Minister in Russia, stated, “I saw at a glance where the feeling of England was. They hoped for our ruin! They are jealous of our power. They care neither for the South nor the North. They hate both.”
Lincoln appointed Charles Francis Adams as minister to Britain. An important part of his mission was to make clear to the British that the war was strictly an internal insurrection affording the Confederacy no rights under international law. Any movement by Britain toward officially recognizing the Confederacy would be considered an unfriendly act toward the United States. Seward’s instructions to Adams included the suggestion that it be made clear to Britain that a nation with widely scattered possessions, as well as a homeland that included Scotland and Ireland, should be very wary of “set a dangerous precedent.”
Lord Lyons was appointed as the British minister to the United States in April 1859. An Oxford graduate, he had two decades of diplomatic experience before being given the American post. Lyons, like many British leaders, had reservations about Seward, reservations he shared freely in his correspondence which was widely circulated within the British government. As early as January 7, 1861, well before the Lincoln administration had even assumed office, Lyons wrote to British Foreign Secretary Lord Russell about Seward:
Despite his distrust of Seward, throughout 1861 Lyons maintained a “calm and measured” diplomacy that contributed to a peaceful resolution to the Trent crisis.
Slavery.
The Confederate States of America came into existence when seven of the 15 slave states protested the election of Republican president Lincoln, because his party had made clear its commitment to the containment of slavery geographically and the weakening of its political power. Republicans typically denounced the Slave Power. However slavery was the cornerstone of the South's plantation economy; yet it was repugnant to the moral sensibilities of most people in Britain, which had abolished slavery in its Empire in the 1830s. But up to the fall of 1862, the "immediate" end of slavery was not an issue in the war; in fact, some Union states (Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri, and Delaware) still allowed slavery. In 1861, the state of Missouri had sought to extradite an escaped slave from Canada to face trial for a murder committed in his flight, for which the British believed the punishment was to be burned alive. Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, by making ending slavery an objective of the war, had caused European intervention on the side of the South to be politically unappetizing. Pro-Southern leaders in Britain therefore spoke of mediation looking forward to peace, though they understood that meant the independence of the Confederacy and continuation of slavery.
The "Trent" Affair.
Outright war between the U.S. and Britain was a possibility in the fall of 1861, when a U.S. naval officer, Captain Charles Wilkes, took control of a British mail ship and seized two Confederate diplomats. Confederate President Jefferson Davis had named James M. Mason and John Slidell as commissioners to represent Confederate interests abroad; Mason was en route to England and Slidell to France. They slipped out of Charleston, South Carolina, on a blockade runner at the beginning of October and went via the British Bahamas to Spanish Havana, where they took passage for England on the British mail steamer "Trent".
USS "San Jacinto" had put in at a Cuban port, looking for news of Confederate agents who were reported to be active in that vicinity. Wilkes received word of Mason and Slidell's presence. It was generally agreed at this time that a nation at war had the right to stop and search a neutral merchant ship if it suspected that ship of carrying the enemy's dispatches. Mason and Slidell, Wilkes reasoned, were in effect Confederate dispatches, and he had the right to remove them. So on November 8, 1861, he steamed out into the Bahama Channel, fired twice across the "Trent"’s bow, sent a boat's crew aboard, seized the Confederate commissioners, and bore them off in triumph to the United States, where they were held prisoner in Boston. Wilkes was hailed as a national hero.
The violation of British neutral rights triggered an uproar in Britain. Eleven thousand British troops were sent to Canada, the British fleet was put on a war footing, with plans to capture New York City if war broke out, and a sharp note was dispatched to Washington demanding return of the prisoners and an apology. Lincoln, concerned about Britain entering the war, ignored anti-British sentiment and issued what the British interpreted as an apology (without apologizing) and ordered the prisoners released.
War was unlikely in any event, for the U.S. was providing Britain with over 40% of its wheat ("corn") imports during the war years, and suspension would have caused massive famine because Britain imported about 25-30% of its grain, and poor crops during 1861 and 1862 in France made Britain even more dependent on shiploads from New York. Britain's shortage of cotton was partially made up by imports from India and Egypt by 1863.
The Trent Affair led to the Lyons-Seward Treaty of 1862, an agreement to clamp down hard on the Atlantic slave trade, using the U.S. Navy and the Royal Navy.
Potentially recognizing the Confederacy.
The possibility of recognition of the Confederacy came to the fore late in the summer of 1862. At that time, as far as any European could see, the war seemed to be a stalemate. The U.S. attempt to capture the Confederate capital had failed, and in the east and west alike the Confederates were on the offensive. Charles Francis Adams, Sr. warned Washington that the British government might very soon offer to mediate the difficulty between North and South, which would be a polite but effective way of intimating that in the opinion of Britain the fight had gone on long enough and ought to be ended by giving the South what it wanted. Recognition, as Adams warned, risked all-out war with the United States. War would involve an invasion of Canada, a full scale American attack on British shipping interests worldwide, an end to American grain shipments that were providing a large part of the British food supply, and an end to British sales of machinery and supplies to the U.S. The British leadership, however, thought that if the Union armies were decisively defeated the United States might soften its position and accept mediation.
Earl Russell had given Mason no encouragement whatever, but after news of the Second Battle of Bull Run reached London in early September, Palmerston agreed that in late September there could be a cabinet meeting at which Palmerston and Russell would ask approval of the mediation proposal. Then, Russell and Palmerston concluded not to bring the plan before the cabinet until they got further word about Robert E. Lee's invasion of the North. If the Northerners were beaten, then the proposal would go through; if Lee failed, then it might be well to wait a little longer before taking any action.
The British working class population, most notably the British cotton workers suffering the Lancashire Cotton Famine, remained consistently opposed to the Confederacy. A resolution of support was passed by the inhabitants of Manchester, and sent to Lincoln. His letter of reply has become famous:
There is now a statue of Lincoln in Manchester, with an extract from his letter carved on the plinth.
Lincoln became a hero amongst British working men with progressive views. His portrait, often alongside that of Garibaldi, adorned many parlour walls. One can still be seen in the boyhood home of David Lloyd George, now part of the Lloyd George Museum.
But the decisive factor, in the fall of 1862 and increasingly thereafter, was the Battle of Antietam and what grew out of it. Lee's invasion was a failure at Antietam and he barely escaped back to Virginia. It was now obvious that no final, conclusive Confederate triumph could be anticipated. The swift recession of the high Confederate tide was as visible in Britain as in America, and in the end Palmerston and Russell dropped any notion of bringing a mediation-recognition program before the cabinet.
The Emancipation Proclamation.
During the late spring and early summer of 1862, Lincoln had come to see that he must broaden the base of the war. The Union itself was not enough; the undying vitality and drive of Northern antislavery men must be brought into full, vigorous support of the war effort, and to bring this about the United States chose to officially declare itself against slavery. The Lincoln Administration believed that slavery was the basis of the Confederate economy and leadership class and victory required its destruction. Lincoln had drafted a plan and waited for a battlefield victory to announce it. The Battle of Antietam gave Lincoln victory enough, and on September 22 he gave the Confederacy 90 days notice to return to the Union or else on January 1, 1863, all slaves held in areas in rebellion would be free. Emancipation alarmed British leaders, who expected an extremely bloody race war would result. The question then would be British intervention on humanitarian grounds. However there was no race war.
Confederate diplomacy.
Once the war with the United States began, the best hope for the survival of the Confederacy was military intervention by Britain and France. The U.S. realized this as well and made it clear that recognition of the Confederacy meant war with the United States — and the cutoff of food shipments into Britain. The Confederates who had believed in "King Cotton" — that is, Britain had to support the Confederacy to obtain cotton for its industries— were proven wrong. Britain, in fact, had ample stores of cotton in 1861 and depended much more on grain from the U.S.
During its existence, the Confederate government sent repeated delegations to Europe; historians do not give them high marks for diplomatic skills. James M. Mason was sent to London as Confederate minister to Queen Victoria, and John Slidell was sent to Paris as minister to Napoleon III. Both were able to obtain private meetings with high British and French officials, but they failed to secure official recognition for the Confederacy. Britain and the United States were at sword's point during the Trent Affair in late 1861. Mason and Slidell had been illegally seized from a British ship by an American warship. Queen Victoria's husband, Prince Albert, helped calm the situation, and Lincoln released Mason and Slidell, so the episode was no help to the Confederacy.
Throughout the early years of the war, British foreign secretary Lord Russell and Napoleon III, and, to a lesser extent, British Prime Minister Lord Palmerston, explored the risks and advantages of recognition of the Confederacy, or at least of offering a mediation. Recognition meant certain war with the United States, loss of American grain, loss of exports to the United States, loss of investments in American securities, potential loss of Canada and other North American colonies, higher taxes and a threat to the British merchant marine with little to gain in return. Many party leaders and the general public wanted no war with such high costs and meager benefits. Recognition was considered following the Second Battle of Manassas when the British government was preparing to mediate in the conflict, but the Union victory at the Battle of Antietam and Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, combined with internal opposition, caused the government to back away.
In 1863, the Confederacy expelled all foreign consuls (all of them British or French diplomats) for advising their subjects to refuse to serve in combat against the U.S.
Throughout the war all the European powers adopted a policy of neutrality, meeting informally with Confederate diplomats but withholding diplomatic recognition. None ever sent an ambassador or official delegation to Richmond. However, they applied international law principles that recognized the Union and Confederate sides as belligerents. Canada allowed both Confederate and Union agents to work openly within its borders.
Postwar adjustments and Alabama claims.
Northerners were outraged at British tolerance of non-neutral acts, especially the building of warships. The U.S. demanded vast reparations for the damages caused by British built commerce raiders (especially "CSS Alabama" ), which Lord Palmerston bluntly refused to pay.
The dispute raged for years and went to arbitration at Geneva. After Palmerston's death, Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone, wanting Britain and the USA to be at peace, yielded to the demand, but lowered strongly its amount.
In 1872, the U.S. was awarded $15,500,000 pursuant to the terms of the Treaty of Washington (1871), and the British apologized for the destruction caused by the British-built Confederate ships, while admitting no guilt.
Long term impact.
The Union victory emboldened the forces in Britain that demanded more democracy and public input into the political system. The resulting suffrage reform of 1867 which enfranchised the urban male working class in England and Wales and weakened the upper class landed gentry who identified more with the Southern planters and feared this might happen. Influential commentators included Walter Bagehot, Thomas Carlyle, John Stuart Mill, and Anthony Trollope.

</doc>
<doc id="20834850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834850" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 30">
Now That's What I Call Music! 30

"Now That's What I Call Music! 30" may refer to one of several "Now That's What I Call Music!" series albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20834852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834852" title="Divine Waters">
Divine Waters

Divine Waters is a documentary film released in 1985 (shot in 1981) starring Divine and John Waters as themselves, along with Waters' father John Waters Sr. and sister Trish Waters.
Plot.
This documentary focuses on the careers of influential partners in trash film, John Waters and Divine. The film includes interviews with Waters' parents and sister, actress Edith Massey sings two songs ("Punks, Get off the Grass" and "Fever"), as well as a live performance of Divine performing his song "Born to Be Cheap".

</doc>
<doc id="20834856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834856" title="Sai Baba (TV series)">
Sai Baba (TV series)

Sai Baba/Sai Baba Tere Hazaroon Hath is a Hindi language historical drama television series based on the life of Shirdi Sai Baba (1836—1918), an Indian spiritual leader.
Mukul Nag played Shirdi Sai Baba in the title role. The other main character cast in the serial was Rama (Alka).
The First Session of series was produced by Sagar Arts as Title "Sai Baba" and Second Session of series was produced by Sagar Pictures as Title "Sai Baba Tere Hazaroon Hath" and first episode was aired by Star Plus on 5 Aug 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20834891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834891" title="Edwards Islet">
Edwards Islet

There are at least two islands called Edwards Islet:

</doc>
<doc id="20834903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834903" title="List of compositions by Paul Hindemith">
List of compositions by Paul Hindemith

This is a list of the works of the German composer Paul Hindemith (1895–1963).

</doc>
<doc id="20834914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834914" title="David Ruffin (album)">
David Ruffin (album)

David Ruffin is the self-titled album from singer David Ruffin. Coming out after Motown simply refused to put out his proposed third album in 1971 (released as "David" in 2004), Ruffin was likewise no longer afforded access to "A-list" material and support musicians. This album in many ways was a collaborative effort with Bobby Miller, who produced the album & composed eight of its tracks.
David Ruffin made it into the R/B Top Five and peaked at number 168 on the pop charts. Those slipping figures were indicators of the decreasing lack of interest from Motown in Ruffin's career.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bobby Miller; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20834934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834934" title="Dennis Schmidt (footballer)">
Dennis Schmidt (footballer)

Dennis Schmidt (born April 18, 1988) is a German footballer who plays for Wuppertaler SV.

</doc>
<doc id="20834958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834958" title="Peter Littlewood">
Peter Littlewood

Peter Littlewood (born 18 May 1955) is a British physicist and former head of the Cavendish Laboratory. He previously headed the Theory of Condensed Matter group and the Theoretical Physics Research department at Bell Laboratories.
Career.
He gained a first-class degree in Natural Sciences at the University of Cambridge in 1976, and was then awarded a Kennedy Scholarship to work at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for two years. He returned to Cambridge in 1977 to Cambridge to complete his PhD.
Between 1980 and he worked at Bell Labs, finishing his time there as head of the theoretical physics research after assuming the position in 1992. He continued to be a member of technical staff until 2001.
In 1997, he became a professor at the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge, and was head of the Theory of Condensed Matter group, and served as Matthias Scholar at Los Alamos National Laboratory during a 2003-04 sabbatical. In 2005, he returned to Cambridge to become head of the Cavendish Laboratory, before being named in 2011 the Associate Laboratory Director for Physical Sciences and Engineering at the Argonne National Laboratory.
Littlewood holds six patents, has published more than 200 articles in scientific journals and has given more than 200 invited talks at international conferences, universities and laboratories.
Honours and positions.
From his curriculum vitae, 2010.
Work.
Littlewood's research has variously included studying the phenomenology and microscopic theory of high-temperature superconductors, transition metal oxides and other correlated electronic systems, and the optical properties of highly excited semiconductors. He has applied his methods to engineering, including holographic storage, optical fibers and devices, and new materials for particle detectors.

</doc>
<doc id="20834968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20834968" title="Travis Price">
Travis Price

Travis Price is an American architect, author, teacher, philosopher, and advocate of green architecture based in Washington, DC.
His buildings include private homes, large commercial and institutional architecture, restaurants, offices, housing complexes, libraries and religious buildings which have been built in the U.S. as well as Asia, Europe, and South America. Price has been a lecturer at the University of Maryland, College Park and Catholic University. He is currently the director of the graduate concentration on Cultures and Sacred Space at the School of Architecture & Planning at The Catholic University of America. He has also lectured at the National Building Museum, the Smithsonian Institution, the National Geographic Society, and The American Institute of Architects.
Price's firm, Travis Price Architects, is known for its unconventional residential designs.
His personal, cantilevered, four-story steel and glass residence was featured on the Planet Green show, World's Greenest Homes as an example of advanced, environmentally sound design.
Price's book, "The Archaeology of Tomorrow" received a gold medal in the Independent Publisher Book Awards in 2007.
Travis Price was elevated as a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 2009 for his pioneering contributions to green architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="20835034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835034" title="St. Augustine in the American Civil War">
St. Augustine in the American Civil War

During most of the American Civil War the Florida city of St. Augustine was under Union control. Its Confederate history was exceedingly brief. One Union general and one Confederate general were natives of the Ancient City. Many officers on both sides (including Union General William T. Sherman and Confederate General Braxton Bragg) had previous military experience in St. Augustine, particularly during the Second Seminole War. The city's historic (and endangered) Sea Wall was built in the 1830s, 1840s and 1850s by West Point engineers who went on to design military fortifications for both sides in the Civil War. Many black Union soldiers either came from St. Augustine, or settled there after the war, providing a leadership cadre for the community known as Lincolnville that was established in 1866. Many of the city's old cemeteries feature the distinctive marble tombstones marked "USCT"--United States Colored Troops.
Florida state militia took the fort at St. Augustine from a small U. S. Army garrison (one soldier) on January 7, 1861. Three days later the state of Florida seceded from the United States. Union troops reoccupied the city on March 11, 1862, putting St. Augustine under Union control. The city was never retaken by Confederate forces.
Early war.
After the assault on Harper's Ferry by abolitionist John Brown in 1859, "St. Augustine Examiner" owner Matthias Andreu devised the motto "Equality in the Union and Nothing Else", feeding a sense of mistrust towards the federal government that the paper promised could lead to war between the states. Once Abraham Lincoln was elected United States president solely by Northern states (not a single vote for Lincoln was recorded in the entire state of Florida), Andreu saw no hope in the south remaining with the north, and promoted secession, lest "violent abolitionists" incite slaves to riot.
On January 7, 1861, at least 25 militiamen from the town of Fernandina came to capture Fort Marion, a coquina fort built by the Spanish between 1672 and 1695. The lone United States army sergeant guarding the fort gave the Southerners the keys without complaint. Many of the fort's cannons was sent to Fernandina.
When news reached St. Augustine on January 12, 1861 that Florida had seceded, the city celebrated with ceremonial flag raisings, church bells, and musket volleys, followed that night by torchlight parade and bonfires. The following Lent saw greater passion in following the restrictions than previous years. Meanwhile, the "Examiner" led an effort to proclaim anything that spoke against secession as treasonous. Initial support for the war waned when taxes were increased for the war effort and revenues derived from the new tourist trade came to a standstill.
Although situated 150 miles away, the residents of St. Augustine heard of the Battle of Port Royal on November 7, 1861. Troops on a Union ship just upwind from the battle saw flashes of light, but often heard nothing.
The majority of Confederate forces from St. Augustine consisted of a company called the St. Augustine Blues. When they left the city in March 1862 their number ranged between eighty to a hundred men. As part of the Third Florida Regiment, they lost many of their men at the Battle of Perryville in Kentucky in October 1862. By the time of the Battle of Murfreesboro, only ten of the original Blues remained. At the war's end in 1865, only eight were officially captured. However, only seventeen were confirmed killed during the war.
Fort Marion and St. Augustine were seized by Union Marines and sailors landing unopposed on March 11, 1862. The "USS Wabash" and "USS Mohican" were spotted entering the bay on March 9 by the occupying Confederate forces. Knowing they could not adequately defend the city, the Confederate forces withdrew on March 10 at 10 pm.
Late war.
Other notable contributions to the Confederate war effort were at least three generals: Edmund Kirby-Smith, Francis A. Shoup and William Wing Loring, although only Kirby-Smith was born there. During the war, St. Augustinian Stephen Vincent Benet, grandfather of American author Stephen Vincent Benet, continued to serve in the U.S. Army as an instructor at West Point with the rank of captain, eventually rising to the rank of Brigadier General. His younger brother James served in the Confederate Army—one of many examples of families divided in their loyalty during the war. Edmund Jackson Davis, while born in St. Augustine, moved to Galveston, Texas, as a child. After the war began, he crossed over to Mexico where he raised the 1st Texas Cavalry (USA), served as its colonel, and was later promoted to Brigadier General of U.S. Volunteers. In 1869, he was elected governor of Texas and served as such for four years.
Unlike nearby Jacksonville, which had four separate control changes, the Confederates did not attempt retaking St. Augustine. Confederate general Robert E. Lee, well familiar with the area after having charted the coastline years before, said that the city "serves only as an invitation for an attack". Union forces strengthened the fort during the war, in case of attack. A heavy presence of U.S. Army forces would remain through Reconstruction and until the end of the Spanish-American War, always as an important part of the local economy and social life. Many Union soldiers settled permanently in St. Augustine and intermarried with local families. Several served as mayors of the city. Lieutenant Foster, a Union officer, married Miss Sanchez, from a family of Confederate firebrands, and their son, General J. Clifford R. Foster, served as Adjutant General of Florida for most of the first quarter of the twentieth century.
Union forces enjoyed the city. The Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers' historian said that living in St. Augustine was good for the health of his fellow soldiers, and regretted when ordered to leave the city. Another benefit from the Union presence was that Sam A. Cooley, an official photographer of the U.S. Army's Department of the South, undertook the first major effort to take pictures of many of the city's buildings, which proved valuable a century later when efforts were made to restore many of St. Augustine's historic buildings. Among the interesting Union soldiers to serve in St. Augustine were Joseph Hawley, later governor and senator from Connecticut, Francis Wayland Parker, pioneer of progressive education in the United States, Joseph C. Abbott, later senator from North Carolina, and Anthony Comstock, who became the nation's most notorious bookburner and anti-pornography crusader.
On January 1, 1863, Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation came into effect for slaves in areas still under Confederate control. A bell and marker on the grounds of Old St. Augustine Village celebrates the event, and for many generations, Emancipation Day, on January 1, was a major celebration in the black community of the Ancient City.
On March 9, 1863, a small skirmish occurred when 80 Confederate troops attacked an advanced picket guard just north of St. Augustine. They were driven off by 120 men from the 7th New Hampshire Volunteers.
Post-war.
For many decades after the war, St. Augustine had two chapters of the Grand Army of the Republic—one black and one white. In the Flagler era, two prominent Union generals, John McAllister Schofield and Martin D. Hardin retired, sequentially, to the same house at 20 Valencia Street. Saved by public protest from a demolition attempt by Flagler College in the 1980s, the building has come to be known as "The Union Generals House." Hardin, a protégé of Abraham Lincoln, was one of the last surviving generals on either side when he died in St. Augustine on December 12, 1923. He is buried at the U.S. National Cemetery on Marine Street under a large cross, and a marker on the La Leche Chapel on the grounds of the Mission of Nombre de Dios notes that the building was restored in General Hardin's honor by his widow.

</doc>
<doc id="20835050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835050" title="Mount Neishi">
Mount Neishi

Description.
Mount Neishi is a stratovolcano. This mountain is a part of the Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="20835057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835057" title="Anti-plug molding law">
Anti-plug molding law

An anti-plug molding law is a statute, usually a state law, that prohibits the use of an original product, such as a boat hull, as a "plug" for making a mold to use to make copies of the original product. The "plug" is the core around which the walls of the mold are formed and the contours of which the mold replicates in reverse.
Technology.
The Federal Circuit described plug molding technology in these terms, in its decision in the "Interpart" case, discussed below:
The California plug molding statute...proscribes use of the product itself for a pattern or "plug" in a direct molding process. In that process, the product is entirely coated with a mold-forming substance that sets and which is then removed from the product and used as the mold for making numerous replicas of the product. This process is substantially less expensive than developing a mold from scratch, something the original product manufacturer has to do.
Legal challenges.
"Interpart" case.
Plug molding statutes have been challenged as interfering with the federal patent system and therefore preempted by federal law. In 1985 in "Interpart Corp. v. Italia", the Federal Circuit upheld the California anti-plug molding law against a preemption challenge, when it was invoked to stop copying of an automobile rear view mirror. The court said that the law "prevents unscrupulous competitors from obtaining a product and using it as the 'plug' for making a mold." The Federal Circuit insisted that there is no "right to copy." It therefore concluded:
The California law does not "clash" with the federal patent law; the two laws have different objectives. ...e see nothing in the federal patent statutes that conflicts with California's desire to prevent a particular type of competition which it considers unfair.
"Bonito Boats" case.
Subsequently, in "Bonito Boats, Inc. v. Thunder Craft Boats, Inc.", in 1989 the United States Supreme Court held the Florida anti-plug molding law preempted because it partially duplicated and therefore interfered with federal patent law. The decision reaffirmed the Supreme Court’s earlier decision in "Sears, Roebuck & Co. v. Stiffel Co.", which held a state unfair competition law preempted on the same ground. The Supreme Court commented adversely on the "Interpart" decision. First, the Court brushed aside the Federal Circuit's characterization of the law as one preventing "unscrupulous" behavior:
Appending the conclusionary label "unscrupulous" to such competitive behavior copying merely endorses a policy judgment which the patent laws do not leave the States free to make. Where an item in general circulation is unprotected by patent, reproduction of a functional attribute is legitimate competitive activity.
The Court then turned to the Federal Circuit's rejection of an "right to copy":
For almost 100 years, it has been well established that, in the case of an expired patent, the federal patent laws do create a federal right to "copy and to use." "Sears" and "Compco" extended that rule to potentially patentable ideas which are fully exposed to the public. ...By offering patent-like protection for ideas deemed unprotected under the present federal scheme, the Florida statute conflicts with the "strong federal policy favoring free competition in ideas which do not merit patent protection.

</doc>
<doc id="20835070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835070" title="Maybach Foundation">
Maybach Foundation

The Wilhelm and Karl Maybach Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that seeks to improve the world through mentoring, by fostering and overseeing mentorships. The organization links mentors with protégés worldwide, and fosters and oversees those relationships. Specifically, the Foundation focuses on “a select few protégés from across the globe who face adversity in realizing their true potential", providing them with "leaders in their discipline, meaningful stipends, leadership training, and exclusive introductions to the very decision-makers who can open doors for them worldwide.”
The Foundation has garnered famous supporters, many of whom credit mentoring with making a difference in their lives, including Kirk Douglas, Dennis Hopper, Paolo Coelho, Quincy Jones, and LeRoy Neiman.
The Maybach Foundation receives funding from multiple sources, including the Maybach Family. The Foundation seeks most of its funding from donors and corporate partnerships from around the globe, including Daimler AG, the Maybach brand, and Silverstein Properties.
History.
In honor of his great-grandfather and grandfather, Maybach heir Ulrich Schmid-Maybach formed the Wilhelm and Karl Maybach Foundation. Wilhelm Maybach, an orphan, was mentored by Gottlieb Daimler, a design teacher who saw talent in Maybach. That mentor/protégé pair went on to become two of the greatest names in automotive history. Later, Wilhelm working with his son Karl, would similarly make history with their design, invention and engineering achievements.
Current projects.
The Foundation marks each mentorship with a specific project that falls within a sector of interest. The four general sectors of interest for the Foundation are science and research; art, design and architecture; community and ethics; and business and technology.
World Trade Center Documentary Arts Project.
Photographers document the rebuilding of the World Trade Center. Sector: art (photography) Protégés: Marika Asatiani, Tbilisi, Georgia; Benjamin Jarosch, Chicago, Illinois; Vicky Roy, India; Nicole Tung, Hong Kong Mentor: Joe Woolhead
Post-Apartheid Role Model Project.
A talented individual from an adverse background is given training in his field, as well as training in leadership skills. Sector: Community and Ethics Protégé: Sbu Duma of South Africa Mentors: Various renowned polo players from around the globe.
Africa Health Sciences Pilot Project.
Doctors in Africa are given training and education, as well as competitive salaries, to encourage them to stay in Uganda fighting AIDS.
Sector: Science and Research. Protégé: Dr. Muzoora Conrad of South Africa. Mentor: Dr. David Bangsberg, who also serves on Accordia Global Health Foundation’s Scientific Advisory Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20835074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835074" title="Superfly (band)">
Superfly (band)

Superfly is a Japanese rock act that debuted on April 4, 2007. Formerly a duo, the act now consists solely of lyricist and vocalist Shiho Ochi with former guitarist Kōichi Tabo still credited as the group's composer and part-time lyricist. Superfly's first two studio albums have been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan, and their four albums (the third being classified as a "single" by the group) all debuted at the top of the Oricon's Weekly Album Charts, a first for a female recording artist in Japan in over seven years.
History.
2007–2008: "Superfly".
After a battle between recording labels, the duo debuted on Warner Music Group with their 2007 single "Hello Hello". This was followed by their Shibuya, Tokyo, Apple Store performance and the subsequent EP "Live from Tokyo". On November 8, 2007, a few months after their second single "Manifesto" was released, Kōichi Tabo announced on their website that he stopped appearing on the stage to concentrate on composing the songs. Besides being active behind the scenes as Superfly’s composer & arranger, Tabo has also written music for artists such as Charice Pempengco, Mai Fukui, Yuna Ito, Maaya Sakamoto, BECCA, Saki Fukuda, and Asia Engineer. Later that month on November 28, 2007, Superfly released a single in collaboration with the Australian band Jet, titled "I Spy I Spy". 
Superfly's debut album "Superfly" was released on May 14, 2008, topping the Japanese Oricon weekly album charts for two weeks. The release of the album was also celebrated with a free concert at Yoyogi Park in Tokyo. Following its release, Ochi, who has a great admiration for Janis Joplin, was given the chance to travel to San Francisco in 2008 where she travelled through Haight-Ashbury and met up with Sam Andrew of Big Brother and the Holding Company as part of a documentary titled "Following the Steps of Janis" on Music On! TV. Ochi also counts Carole King, Maria Muldaur, and the Rolling Stones as some of her other favorite artists. In June and July, Superfly did a national tour titled the Rock'N'Roll Show 2008 Tour
2008–2009: Woodstock and "Box Emotions".
The asteroid 91907 Shiho was named after Ochi in 2009, as the asteroid was discovered at the Kuma Kogen Astronomical Observatory in Ehime Prefecture, her home prefecture. April also saw the release of the "Rock'N'Roll Show 2008" DVD set from the band's 2008 tour stop at the NHK Hall.
During the 2009 Heroes of Woodstock Tour for the tour's stop in Bethel, New York, the site of the original Woodstock Festival, Ochi joined Big Brother and the Holding Company on stage and performed "Down on Me" and "Piece of My Heart" as a follow up to the previous documentary. The third single from "Box Emotions", "Alright!!", was used as the opening theme to the Japanese television drama, BOSS, which began airing on April 16, 2009, as well as its second season which aired in 2011.
Superfly's second studio album, "Box Emotions", was released on September 2, 2009, which she celebrated by holding a free live show at the Roppongi Hills arena, which hosted 4000 people. "Box Emotions" debuted at No. 1 on the Oricon weekly charts, with the first week sales of around 214,000 copies. For the Japanese iTunes Store Rewind of 2009, "Box Emotions" was the album of the year. Superfly went on tour from October through December to support the album in the "Superly Box Emotions 2009 Tour".
Ochi has also teamed up with fashion designer Manami Kobayashi for the A.I.C (Another Important Culture) brand to create a line of Woodstock and hippie subculture themed clothing called "Cosmic Market".
2010: "Wildflower & "Cover Songs: Complete Best"".
Superfly's first single since "Box Emotions" titled "Dancing on the Fire" won Best Rock Video at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards Japan. April saw the release of "Dancing at Budokan!!", Superfly's second video album featuring the band's performance at the Nippon Budokan in 2009.
Her first released song of 2010, "Tamashii Revolution", was used as NHK's 2010 FIFA World Cup theme song, and was released digitally on June 18, 2010. "Tamashii Revolution" was later included as a B-side on the single and cover album compilation "", which became Superfly's third album to debut at number 1 on the Oricon.
On November 30, 2010, Superfly performed at the Zepp Tokyo arena alongside a session band called "The Lemon Bats" (consisting of Mo'Some Tonebender's Kazuhiro Momo and Superfly's touring & recording guitarist Yoshiyuki Yatsuhashi on guitar, record producer Koichi Tsutaya on keyboard, Straightener's Hidekazu Hinata on bass, and Tatsuya Nakamura on drums) in a show called the "Switch 25th Anniversary presents Superfly & The Lemon Bats Special Live "Rock'N' Roll Muncher"". Performing as "Superfly & The Lemon Bats", Ochi performed covers of "Dr. Feelgood", "Beat It", "Barracuda", "White Room", "I Saw Her Standing There", "Land of a Thousand Dances", and "Born to Lose", in addition to covers of her own songs "Tanjō", "Manifesto", "Free Planet", "Alright!!", "Rock and Roll, Hoochie Koo", and "Bitch".
2011: "Mind Travel".
Superfly's song "Beep!!" was used as the theme for the film "Manzai Gang", and was on a double A-side single with "Sunshine Sunshine", a song used for the KDDI "Meet the Music 2011" campaign. It was intended that she was to perform "Sunshine Sunshine" live at the Okinawa Namura Hall in Naha, Okinawa Prefecture, on March 20, 2011, with the performance broadcast live over FM52 radio stations Tokyo FM, J-Wave, and FM Okinawa. This performance, however, was postponed due to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. In response, Ochi recorded an a capella version of "Sunshine Sunshine" which she posted on her blog on March 18, 2011, and wrote the new song "You & Me", which she posted on her official blog four days later. "You & Me" was subsequently made available for purchase on the iTunes, Recochoku, and wamo! digital music stores and all proceeds went to the Japanese Red Cross's relief efforts in Tōhoku. By May, the song had raised ¥7,831,780 (approx. US$96.8k, €68k, or £59.4k) for the Red Cross.
Superfly also had a national tour in 2011, visiting 32 cities and 35 venues. The tour, dubbed "Mind Traveler", supported the group's third studio album "Mind Travel", which was released on June 15, 2011. Superfly also held a free concert at the Yokohama Red Brick Warehouse to celebrate the release, and did a free stream on Ustream.tv. On June 21, 2011, "Mind Travel" topped the Oricon's weekly album charts having sold over 166,000 copies, making it Superfly's fourth consecutive album to debut at number 1, a feat not duplicated by a female artist since Hikaru Utada in 2004. In August 2011, Superfly announced that the band would go on an arena tour titled "Shout in the Rainbow!!", with shows at the Saitama Super Arena, the Nagoya Nippon Gaishi Hall, and the Osaka-jō Hall. This news was followed by the release of the band's 14th single "Ai o Kurae", a song for their upcoming 4th album.
2012: "Force".
In 2012, Superfly participated in the JAPAN UNITED with MUSIC 30-member supergroup in recording a cover of the Beatles' "All You Need Is Love" to raise money for reconstruction efforts regarding the aftermath of the 2011 earthquake and tsunami. For the band's 5th anniversary, Superfly is releasing the "Shout in the Rainbow!!" video album featuring performances from the band's December 2011 arena tour stop at the Osaka-jō Hall. Limited editions of the video release will include a CD featuring the previously unreleased track .
While doing a special live broadcast on Ustream and Nico Nico Douga to celebrate the "Shout in the Rainbow!!" release, Superfly announced that they would be releasing a fourth studio album titled "Force" on September 19, 2012. To commemorate the band's five-year anniversary, a special edition of the album including a bonus CD, a vinyl copy of the album, and a commemorative poster are to be released along with a standard single-CD edition, a limited two CD edition, and an edition exclusively released through Lawson convenience stores. One week later, "Shout in the Rainbow!!" would top the Oricon's Blu-ray weekly rankings, making Superfly the fourth ever solo artist to top those charts. After a free live concert at Tokyo's Yoyogi Park with livecasts on various internet services on the release date, "Force" will be supported by a 35-stop concert hall tour called "Superfly Tour 2012 'Live Force'", starting on October 26, 2012.
Superfly has also recorded a duet with Tortoise Matsumoto titled "STARS" which will be used by Fuji Television as its theme song for its broadcasts of the 2012 Summer Olympics. It was released to truetone distributing stores on May 11, 2012, and was released as a single on July 25, 2012. The release of "STARS" was followed by the double A-side single "Kagayaku Tsuki no Yō ni/The Bird Without Wings", with its title tracks used as the theme songs for the television drama "Summer Rescue" and the film "Ushijima the Loan Shark", respectively. "Force" sold 119 thousand units in its first week, placing it at at number 1 on the Oricon's Weekly charts, making Superfly one of only 4 female solo artists to have five consecutive number 1 debuts on the charts; she is included amongst Namie Amuro (fifth #1 in February 2000), Mai Kuraki (January 2004), and Hikaru Utada (June 2006).
2013-present: Fifth anniversary and "Superfly Best".
The group announced it would release their first best of album on September 25, 2013. During this time, Superfly recorded "Starting Over" which is used by J-WAVE as the theme song for their 25th anniversary. The album was then announced to be simply titled "Superfly Best", and includes the 26 singles Superfly has released since their major debut and three new songs: "Starting Over", "Always", and "Bi-Li-Li Emotion". The album sold 157 thousand copies in its first week, earning the number 1 spot on the Oricon. "Superfly Best" became Superfly's 6th consecutive number 1 album, making Shiho Ochi only the second solo female artist to achieve such a goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20835093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835093" title="Minuscule 43">
Minuscule 43

Minuscule 43 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 270 and ε 107 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves (20.5 by 15 cm). Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. Gregory suggested the 12th century. It has full marginalia.
Description.
It was split in two volumes. The first volume has Gospels on 199 leaves with size . The second volume containing Acts and Epistles on 189 leaves with size 21.2 by 15.2 cm. The codex contains entire of the New Testament, except last its book - Apocalypse. It has also some lacunae.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with their τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. The text of the Gospels has also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234 sections, the last numbered section in 16:9), with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, the Eusebian Canon tables, prolegomena, tables of the ("tables of contents") before every Gospel, (lectionary markings and αναγνωσεις were added by a later hand), subscriptions at the end of each book, numbers of στιχοι (in James and Paul) (in Pauline epistles).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with some alien readings. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Aland did not place it in any of his Categories.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx.
In 1 John 5:6 it has textual variant δι' ὕδατος καὶ πνεύματος ("through water and spirit") together with the manuscripts 241, 463, 945, 1241, 1831, 1877*, 1891.
History.
Possibly it was written in Ephesus. It was given by P. de Berzi in 1661 to the Oratory of San Maglorian. It was examined and described by Amelotte, Simon, Scholz. and Paulin Martin, C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1884.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein.
It is currently housed in at the Bibliothèque de l'Arsenal (8409. 8410), one of the branches of the Bibliothèque nationale de France, at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20835098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835098" title="10374 Etampes">
10374 Etampes

10374 Etampes is a main belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1198.3046785 days (3.28 years). 
The asteroid was discovered on April 15, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20835100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835100" title="Vidalia High School (Louisiana)">
Vidalia High School (Louisiana)

Vidalia High School is a public school in Vidalia, Louisiana. The current enrollment is 428 students. The current principal is Rick Brown.
Extracurricular activities.
Student groups and activities include 4-H, Beta Club, Cooperative Office Education, DECA, FBLA, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, FHA, French club, Governor's Program on Abstinence, marching band, student council, and yearbook.
Athletics.
Vidalia's sports teams, known as the Vikings, compete in Louisiana High School Athletic Association-sanctioned competition in class 3A. Vidalia's most recent state championships are in Softball (2003), and Baseball (1996). Vidalia was in Class 2A at the time of those championships. They have also won a state championship in Basketball (2010). Which they were in 3A.

</doc>
<doc id="20835115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835115" title="Tom Simcox">
Tom Simcox

Thomas William "Tom" Simcox (born June 17, 1937) is a former actor who resides in the unincorporated community of Leona Valley west of Palmdale in Los Angeles County, California.
Simcox appeared in the 13-episode Warner Brothers television series "Code R", which aired on CBS from January 21 to June 10, 1977. "Code R" focuses on the emergency services, fire, police, and ocean rescue, of the California Channel Islands. Simcox played the police chief, Walt Robinson. The series had good scripts, beautiful scenery, and strong characters but never attracted the needed audience.
Early television roles.
Simcox's television career began in 1962 with appearances on two ABC series, "The Naked City", a police drama set in New York City, and "Ben Casey", a medical drama starring Vince Edwards. That same year, he appeared as a waiter in CBS's "Perry Mason" legal drama with Raymond Burr. In 1963, Simcox appeared on the episode "Beyond His Reach" of ABC's college drama, "Channing", starring Jason Evers and Henry Jones. Simcox also appeared in 1963 in two NBC dramas, Wendell Corey's "The Eleventh Hour" (as Joe Parker in episode entitled "Hang by One Hand") and in Gary Lockwood's "The Lieutenant", about the United States Marine Corps (as Captain Brett Parker in episode "To Take Up Serpents"). He managed to appear in numerous episodes that same year on ABC's "General Hospital" soap opera.
In 1965, Simcox appeared in the pilot of Joseph Stefano's proposed CBS series "The Haunted." subtitled "The Ghost of Sierra de Cobre", which starred Martin Landau, Dame Judith Anderson, and Diane Baker. The program was never shown in the United States because it was deemed too frightening, but bootlegged copies have been shown around the world, especially in Japan, where there is demand that it be released on DVD.
In 1968, he played the role of a killer in "Ironside's" episode "The Challenge".
Westerns.
In 1964-1965, Simcox appeared twice on ABC's "Wagon Train" and began a pattern of appearances in western series. He appeared with Charles Drake in the episode "The Link Cheney Story", along with other guest stars Yvonne Craig, Pippa Scott, Paul Stader, and Harry von Zell. On October 3, 1965, Simcox appeared in the 206th episode entitled "The Other Son" of NBC's "Bonanza" in the role of Andy Watson, the 28-year-old son of the explosives expert Clint Watson, portrayed by Ed Begley, Sr. The script called for Andy getting accidentally killed by the explosion from unstable nitroglycerin at the summit of the Sierra Nevada. The United States Department of Agriculture assisted in filming the segment at scenic Lake Tahoe.
Other western appearances followed on "The Virginian" and "Laredo" (1966, "The Sound of Terror"). He appeared eight times on CBS's "Gunsmoke", starring James Arness: "The Magician" (1963), "Dry Well" (1964), "Winner Take All" and "The Pretender" (1965), "The Good People" (1966), "A Hat" as both Jed and Ben Conniston (1967), "A Matter of Honor" (1969), and in the penultimate year of the long-running program, as Rance Woolfe in "Trail of Bloodshed" (1974). In the 1971 World War I-era western "Bearcats!", he guest starred as a German army officer involved in a plot to have Mexico fight a war with the U.S., preventing America from entering the war on the side of the allies. In 1978, he appeared as Marshal Logan in an episode of Arness's other but short-lived western series, "How the West Was Won", which aired on ABC.
Last episode of "Combat!".
In the last episode entitled "Jonah" of ABC's "Combat!" military drama, which aired on March 7, 1967, Simcox starred as Dolan, a new replacement soldier burdened by the pain of seeing his friends die around him. Some of the soldiers fear that Dolan is a jinx. The episode examines fear and superstition among front-line soldiers and its impact on morale and combat readiness. "Jonah" is in contrast to a first-season "Combat" episode "High Named Today" in which a demoralized soldier was convinced that he would die. In "Jonah" though, Simcox plays the role of the soldier convinced that he will live at the expense of others.
The screenplay for "Jonah" was written by Richard Wendly and William Fay. Peter Haskell appears as Richards, Dolan's friend who becomes to believe the jinx fears. In the end, Simcox gets shot but survives and believes that his "curse" is either conquered or never existed. Viewers never know if the squad makes it back to their base without further injury.
As the last filmed episode of "Combat!", "Jonah" leaves the fate not just of the new recruit in doubt but that of the entire squad. Their five-year trek across France hence ended in neither triumph or tragedy but uncertainty. Appearing with Simcox and Haskell in the episode were series regulars Rick Jason as Lieutenant Hanley, Vic Morrow as Sergeant Saunders, and Conlan Carter as Doc.
Other drama roles.
Simcox landed many other roles besides westerns. He guest starred on "Columbo" with Peter Falk, "Charlie's Angels", and "Baretta" with Robert Blake, "Vega$" with Robert Urich, "Matt Houston" with Lee Horsley, "Trapper John, M.D." with Pernell Roberts and Gregory Harrison, "Knight Rider" with David Hasselhoff, and "Airwolf" with Jan-Michael Vincent and Ernest Borgnine. Between 1977 and 1980, he appeared on NBC's "Disneyland" in the episodes "The Ghost of Cypress Swamp" and the two-parter "The Secret of Lost Valley". From 1983 to 1986, he appeared three times in CBS's "Simon & Simon" detective series with Gerald McRaney and Jameson Parker. Simcox's last television role was in 1991 in an episode of the 1989-1991 third version of Jack Webb's NBC series "Dragnet".
Simcox appeared in a half-dozen films, including the part of Lieutenant Johnson in the 1965 classic "Shenandoah" with James Stewart. Other appearances were in "Incident at Phantom Hill" (1966, as Lieutenant Adam Long), Rod Serling's "The Doomsday Flight" (1966, TV, as Flight Engineer Chipps), "Istanbul Express" (1968, TV, as Leland McCord), "The Aquarians" (1970, TV, as Jerry Hollis), "The Hollywood Man" (1976), and "Acceptable Risks" (1986, TV, as Joe Reed). His last film appearance was as Horn in "Grim Prairie Tales", a 1989 picture starring James Earl Jones as a bounty hunter. In the story line, two men at a western campfire tell four horror stories.

</doc>
<doc id="20835131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835131" title="Petrie Airfield">
Petrie Airfield

Petrie Airfield was a World War II military airfield located just to the south of the North Pine River in Petrie, Queensland, Australia. After the war, the airfield was dismantled and the area is now part of the urban area of Petrie-Strathpine.
History.
World War II.
USAAF based at Petrie Airfield

</doc>
<doc id="20835140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835140" title="Casey Scheuerell">
Casey Scheuerell

Casey Scheuerell is an American jazz, rock and New Age drummer and percussionist. Scheuerell attended Sun Prairie High School in Wisconsin, and is an alumnus and faculty member of Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. 
An accomplished and well-known jazz drummer, Scheuerell has toured with acts such as Kitaro, Jean-Luc Ponty, Chaka Khan, Suzanne Somers, Ben Vereen, Robben Ford and Gino Vanelli. He has also written numerous articles on drums and percussion, and is the author of an instructional book on drum technique entitled "Stickings And Orchestrations For Drum Set."

</doc>
<doc id="20835143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835143" title="WVHA">
WVHA

WVHA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20835184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835184" title="Xavier García (footballer)">
Xavier García (footballer)

Moisés Xavier García Orellana (born 26 June 1990 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo in the Salvadoran Premier League.
Club career.
García's professional career began on 3 July 2007, when he signed a contract with now defunct Salvadoran national league club, San Salvador F.C.. He was one of six players from the El Salvador U17 national team, that would sign for San Salvador that season. The others were Ricardo Orellana, Diego Chavarría, William Maldonado, Óscar Arroyo and Fabricio Alfaro. He made his professional debut on 7 November 2007 in a league match against C.D. Vista Hermosa. After a spell at Nejapa, he joined Luis Ángel Firpo in 2009.
International career.
García made his debut for El Salvador in a May 2008 friendly match against Guatemala and had, as of December 2010, earned a total of 2 caps, scoring no goals. In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad.
El Salvador's goal tally first.

</doc>
<doc id="20835185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835185" title="Wade Regehr">
Wade Regehr

Wade G. Regehr is a Professor of Neurobiology at Harvard Medical School's Department of Neurobiology.
Early biography.
Born in Shaunavon, Saskatchewan, Canada, Regehr attended the University of Regina in Canada, then received his Ph.D. at Caltech in applied physics with David Rutledge. His doctorate was at the interface between neuroscience and electrical engingeering.
Research.
Regehr's laboratory studies the implication of calcium Ca2+ as it affects synaptic strength. Neurons communicate with one another via synapses. Regehr was one of the first to use fluorescent imaging to see the synaptic activity occurring in the brain. A dye alters the fluorenscence properties when attached to calcium, and changes in intracellular calcium are associated with neuronal activity (firing of action potentials). Using fluorescence-microscopy techniques, calcium levels are detected, and therefore the influx of calcium in the presynaptic neuron.
Calcium processes affect the release of neurotransmitter from the axon terminal. (Occasionally this happens in reverse).
Chemical synapses are characterized by the presynaptic release of neurotransmitters that diffuse across a synaptic cleft to bind with postsynaptic receptors. A neurotransmitter is a chemical messenger that is synthesized within neurons themselves and released by these same neurons to communicate with their postsynaptic target cells. By studying the physiological process and mechanisms, a further understanding is made of synaptic depression and delayed release of the neurotransmitter, synaptic potentiation, facilitation and other calcium dependent chemical processes.
Awards.
Regehr received the Governor General's Award after receiving his undergraduate degree from the University of Regina. Regehr has been awarded the Senator Jacob Javits Award in the Neurosciences. This award provides funding for a possible seven years to research neurological disorders. The funding is provided by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS). Regehr's study of short term synaptic plasticity (synapse strength during behavioral tasks) is relevant to neurological disorders such as epilepsy, schizophrenia and depression.
Regehr also was granted a scholar award from The McKnight Endowment Fund for Neuroscience for "The Role of Presynaptic Calcium in Plasticity at Central Synapses" in 1993. The McKnight Scholar Awards are given to PhD candidates who have an interest in the study of disorders affecting learning and memory. The funding establishes laboratories for emerging neuroscientists who can develop clinical neuroscience research.

</doc>
<doc id="20835206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835206" title="Póvoa de Santa Iria">
Póvoa de Santa Iria

Póvoa de Santa Iria () is a city and civil parish in the municipality of Vila Franca de Xira, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="20835209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835209" title="Pennsylvania Route 237">
Pennsylvania Route 237

Pennsylvania Route 237 (formerly designated by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation as SR 0237) was an route between State Route 37 and State Route 590 in Lackawaxen to an intersection with State Route 137 (now State Route 434) in Shohola Township. The route followed the shores of the Delaware River as Lackawaxen Road. The route's alignment, after assignment in 1928, remained the same until being removed from the state highway system in 1946. The route was paved in 1932, and the route is now known as State Route 1012 and Shohola Township Roads 413 and 454.
Route description.
The alignment of State Route 237 began at an intersection with its parent highway, State Route 37 in Lackawaxen Township, near Roebling's Delaware Aqueduct. This is currently the intersection with State Route 590. The highway heads eastward along the banks of the Delaware River and a nearby railroad track towards Shohola Township. There is an intersection with Delaware Drive just after the inception. Delaware Drive heads to a dead-end at the banks of the Delaware River. The highway passes some homes to the north and a dense forest to the south. There is also a mansion atop a nearby hill. After a clearing, the highway enters the dense forest completely and turns to the southeast.
With the train tracks, Delaware River and New York State Route 97 paralleling to the north, the highway begins a southeastern track. There are some occasional clearings, The old alignment of State Route 237 passes a pond as the highway pulls away from the river and train tracks with the forests becoming a majority the surroundings. The old alignment of State Route 237 passes a pond, as the highway pulls away from the river and train tracks. The highway intersects with Township Road 413, which serves access to Hirsh Pond, located to the north. The route begins to head through larger clearings as it continues southeast. At an intersection with German Hill Road, the highway makes a shot to the east, passing through some woods. After the woods, the old alignment of State Route 237 ends at an intersection with State Route 434. This was once an intersection with State Route 137.
History.
State Route 237 was assigned in 1928, during the mass numbering of state highways within Pennsylvania. The termini at the time were with State Route 37 and State Route 137, the former of which was the parent route. At the time, the entire highway was an unimproved gravel road. This lasted for four years, until 1932, when the Pennsylvania Department of Highways paved the highway. The highway remained relatively unchanged until 1946, when the highway was decommissioned in a mass deletion of state highways within the commonwealth. The current alignment of former State Route 237 is now Pike County Quadrant Route 1012 from PA 590 to the Shohola Township border. The rest is locally maintained, with a piece at PA 434 designated Shohola Township Roads 413 and 454. The two state routes at the termini, State Routes 37 and 137, are now State Routes 434 and 590.

</doc>
<doc id="20835214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835214" title="Temple House of Israel (Staunton, Virginia)">
Temple House of Israel (Staunton, Virginia)

Temple House of Israel is a Jewish congregation in Staunton, Virginia, United States. Founded in 1876 by Major Alexander Hart, it originally held services in members' homes, then moved to a building on Kalorama street in 1885, the year it joined the Union for Reform Judaism.
In 1925 the congregation constructed its current building at 115 North Market street, a contributing property to the Gospel Hill historic district. The Moorish Revival structure was designed by Sam Collins of T.J. Collins and son, and includes Mercer tiles, and windows and a glass screen by Charles Connick of Boston.
House of Israel's sister congregation is Beth El Congregation of Harrisonburg, Virginia. , Joe Blair served as rabbi for both synagogues.
Early history.
Temple House of Israel was founded in 1876 in Staunton, Virginia, United States by Major Alexander Hart, who had fought for the Confederate States of America in the American Civil War. Hart served as the congregation's president and minister until at least 1893.
Services were held in members' homes for more than eight years. In 1884 the congregation acquired the Hoover School building at 200 Kalorama Street, at the corner of Market Street, and in February 1885 began holding services there. The building still stands, diagonally opposite the Stonewall Jackson Hotel. That same year the synagogue joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now the Union for Reform Judaism).
The congregation purchased land north of Staunton for a cemetery in 1886, and held its first burial there in 1887. The cemetery, on North Augusta Street between Woodland Drive and Lee Street, is still used for burials today.
At the turn of the 20th century, House of Israel had no rabbi, but held services twice a week, Friday nights from 8:00 to 9:00pm, and Saturday from 10:30 to 11:30am. The congregation also ran a religious school. By 1907 Staunton's Jewish population was an estimated 40 people. House of Israel had fifteen member families, and still held services twice a week. However, the congregation still had no rabbi, and the religious school no longer functioned.
Fannie Barth Strauss, instructor and later Assistant Professor of Latin and German at Mary Baldwin College from 1918 to 1954, re-established the Hebrew school at House of Israel in 1916. In 1919, though the synagogue still had no rabbi, the school held classes once a week, and had two teachers and twelve students. Strauss would serve as the school's principal from its re-establishment until at least 1964, and also served as the synagogues Treasurer from 1946 until at least 1964.
Move to Market street.
By 1925 the congregation had outgrown its Kalorama Street building, and it purchased a lot at 115 North Market street from Mary Baldwin College. Sam Collins of T.J. Collins and son designed a new Moorish Revival building there. The one-story stucco building had a twin gable roof with 3 bays. Decorated with "Early Assyrian motifs", the facade presented "twin towers with suppressed buttresses", and a "[large arched opening in central bay, supported by unusual columns", and included Mercer tiles. All the windows, and a glass screen, were created by Charles Connick of Boston, who also created famous windows for a number of religious buildings, including the rose windows of St. Patrick's Cathedral and the Cathedral of Saint John the Divine in New York City. The building was a contributing property to the successful 1984 National Register of Historic Places nomination of Gospel Hill as a historic district.
During the early 1970s, Frank M. Waldorf was the congregation's rabbi. He went on to serve for 30 years as rabbi at Temple Sinai in Brookline, Massachusetts.
1980s to present.
The congregation remained small; in 1983, membership was only 28 families. Douglas D. Weber served as rabbi of both House of Israel and its sister congregation Beth El Congregation of Harrisonburg, Virginia. From 1984 to 1988 Lynne Landsberg filled that role. The 30th female rabbinic graduate of the Union for Reform Judaism, she had previously served as associate rabbi of Manhattan's Central Synagogue. She subsequently took on a number of roles at the Union for Reform Judaism, and, after a serious and disabling accident in 1999, became the senior adviser on disability issues at the Religious Action Center for Reform Judaism. During the 1990s the two congregations were served by Jonathan Biatch as rabbi.
, the rabbi of House of Israel and Beth El was Joe Blair; the two congregations combined had 120 member families. Blair received B.A. and Master of Computer Science degrees from the University of Virginia, and a Juris Doctor from The College of William & Mary Law School. After working in the computer field for 15 years, and briefly as a general practice attorney, he returned to school, attending the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College, from which he graduated with a Masters in Hebrew Letters in 1996. In 2004 he was appointed an adjunct professor of religion at Mary Baldwin College. A member of Toastmasters International, to which he attributes his speaking abilities, he also moderates a conversion forum on Jewish.com. In 2008 Blair was one of 18 rabbis chosen nationally to participate in the STAR () elite training program.
On film.
Temple House of Israel served as a location for the documentary film produced by Heritage Film Project. Filming took place in December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20835247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835247" title="São Salvador de Lordelo">
São Salvador de Lordelo

São Salvador de Lordelo is a city located in Paredes Municipality, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="20835258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835258" title="Martin Glendon">
Martin Glendon

Martin J. Glendon (February 8, 1877 – November 6, 1950) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds and Cleveland Naps. He stood at and weighed 165 lbs.
Career.
Glendon was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He started his professional baseball career in 1898 with the Texas League's Galveston Sandcrabs and then moved first to the Western Association and then to the Pacific Northwest League. In 1901, he had his breakout season, going 21–15 on the mound.
Glendon started 1902 with the National League's Reds and was "full of sassafras, tea and ginger." He made his major league debut on April 18. In the third inning, he gave up four hits, made a throwing error, and allowed five runs before being taken out of the game. That was the last time Glendon played for Cincinnati. He left the team soon afterwards and jumped his contract to play for San Francisco of the California League.
Glendon won 23 games for San Francisco that year, which was the second-most on the pitching staff and a career-high for him. In May of the following season, he attempted to assault an umpire and was subsequently suspended for 30 days. He went 9–9 on the west coast and then had his second major league stint late in the year, this time with the Cleveland Naps.
In three starts for Cleveland, Glendon had three complete games and gave up just three earned runs, for a 0.98 earned run average. However, he also gave up six unearned runs and therefore lost two of his three decisions. He played his last MLB game on September 25. Glendon then spent a year in Columbus, Ohio, going 12–14, and a year in New Orleans.
Glendon pitched in the Tri-State League from 1906 to 1908, making stops in York, Johnstown, Altoona, and Lancaster. He won 13 games in 1906 and 15 games in 1907. After going just 3–4 in 1908, Glendon retired from baseball. He had a total win–loss record of 96–87 in the minor leagues, to go along with his 1–3 major league record.
Glendon died in Chicago, Illinois, at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="20835261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835261" title="Mount Kenpi">
Mount Kenpi

Outline.
Mount Kenpi is one of the most popular mountains of Hokusetsu Mountains. Hokusetsu Mountains are themselves sometimes regarded as a part of Tanba Highland. Mount Kenpi is a such typical mountain in this area.
Religion.
Mount Kenpi has been an object of worship by the people around the mountain. Near the top of the mountain, there was Geppo-ji Budhist temple. The temple was said to be built in the beginning of the 7th century, but destroyed in the war in the 16th century, and moved to the foot of the mountain in 1664. Today we can see a lot of religious objects in the mountain. 
Route.
There are three routes to the top of the mountain. One is the most popular from Gyojaguchi Bus Stop via Mount Gyoja. It takes about one and half hours. The other major route is from Sugio Bus Stop via Mount Yokoo.

</doc>
<doc id="20835267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835267" title="The Bells of Dublin">
The Bells of Dublin

The Bells of Dublin is an album of Christmas songs and traditional carols by the Irish band The Chieftains. The album features guest performances by various artists, including Elvis Costello, Jackson Browne, Kate and Anna McGarrigle, Marianne Faithfull, Nanci Griffith, Rickie Lee Jones and the actor Burgess Meredith. 
Writing in the album's liner notes, Paddy Moloney said, "These recording sessions hold special memories for The Chieftains and myself, and bring together all the colours of this festive season."
Track listing.
All songs traditional, except as indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="20835269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835269" title="Robert J. Marshall">
Robert J. Marshall

Robert James Marshall (c. 1918 – December 22, 2008) was an American clergyman and religious leader who was president of the Lutheran Church in America in the 1970s, at the time the largest Lutheran church in the United States. During his leadership, he played a pivotal role in the merger of his Lutheran Church in America with the American Lutheran Church and the Association of Evangelical Lutheran Churches to form the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
Marshall was born and raised in Burlington, Iowa. He grew up in a poor family, which helped him become more attuned to the concerns of those who were disadvantaged. Marshall graduated from Wittenberg University in 1941 with a Bachelor of Arts degree and from the Chicago Lutheran Theological Seminary in 1944. Kauffman was awarded Doctor of Divinity degrees from both Carthage College and Wittenberg University, in addition to other graduate study at the University of Chicago
He spent three years as the pastor of a California church. He became a professor of Old Testament Interpretation at the Chicago Lutheran School of Theology (now the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago. Marshall was hired by Muhlenberg College, where he was later appointed as head of the school's religion department. He served as president of the Lutheran Illinois Synod until 1968.
In balloting at the Lutheran Church in America's biannual convention held in June 1966 in Kansas City, Missouri, Marshall received 70 of the 615 votes cast for president, behind Rev. Franklin Clark Fry, who was re-elected to another four-year term with 489 votes.
Marshall was elected in June 1968 to serve as president of the Lutheran Church in America, succeeding Franklin Clark Fry, who had died earlier that month. Marshall was installed in ceremonies held at Riverside Church in October 1968, with clergymen from around the world in attendance. Marshall was elected to a full four-year term at the biannual convention held in Minneapolis in June 1970, receiving 545 votes out of the 593 cast.
On March 31, 1978, Marshall announced that he would not seek re-election to another term as president, and would instead take a position with the Lutheran World Ministries. In an interview with "The New York Times", Marshall pointed to successful fundraising, adoption of a new book of worship and ecumenical outreach to the Episcopal, Roman Catholic and evangelical movements as among his achievements. He stated that the reasons for his decision were not based on health but reflected his desire for "some new vision to come in". During his ten years in the office, Marshall led the 3 million-member group and restructured the church's ministries in the United States and around the world.
In 1976 in Philadelphia, at the 41st International Eucharistic Congress, an interfaith ecumenical gathering of scholars and church leaders, Marshall received a lengthy standing ovation after opening his remarks with the two words "Fellow Christians". He continued his remarks by noting that "we should not exalt our differences, we should work on them".
In 1988, building on the outreach and dialogue that Marshall had worked on, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America was formed by the merger of the relatively liberal Lutheran Church in America with the more conservative American Lutheran Church and Association of Evangelical Lutheran Churches. The combined body had 10,500 congregations and 4.8 million members in the United States and the Caribbean by the time of Marshall's death.
Marshall died at age 90 on December 22, 2008 of heart failure in Allentown, Pennsylvania. He was buried in Burlington, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="20835275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835275" title="David Snow (composer)">
David Snow (composer)

David Jason Snow (b. 1954, Providence, Rhode Island) is an American composer. Snow studied composition with Samuel Adler, Warren Benson, and Joseph Schwantner at the Eastman School of Music, Jacob Druckman at the Yale School of Music, and Arthur Berger and Martin Boykan at Brandeis University. At the Eastman School, Snow was awarded the Sernoffsky, McCurdy, and Howard Hanson prizes in composition; Yale awarded him a Bradley-Keeler Memorial Scholarship and the Frances E. Osborne-Kellogg Prize in composition. Snow has been the recipient of awards, fellowships, residencies and commissions from BMI, the National Association of Composers/USA, the National Federation of Music Clubs, the Annapolis Fine Arts Foundation, the ASCAP Foundation, the College Band Directors Association, the National Endowment for the Arts, Res Musica Baltimore, the Maryland State Arts Council, the Renée B. Fisher Foundation, Trio Indiana, SoundMoves, Pastiche, the Arts Council of Montgomery County (Maryland), Yaddo, and the Millay Colony for the Arts.
Music.
Snow's music has been performed in concert by the Ensemble InterContemporain, the American Brass Quintet, the Manhattan Chamber Orchestra, the Eastman Percussion Ensemble, trumpeter Chris Gekker, violinist Penny Thompson Kruse, tubist Jay Rozen, and numerous other ensembles and solo artists. Snow has also produced recordings of electronic music, such as "Larry, the Stooge in the Middle" which received Musician magazine's Best Unsigned Band Award and Keyboard magazine's Ultimate Keyboard Competition Prize, and "Three Studies for Two Disklaviers".

</doc>
<doc id="20835278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835278" title="Sal Gliatto">
Sal Gliatto

Salvador Michael Gliatto (May 7, 1902 – November 2, 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in eight games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1930 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20835291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835291" title="Fabricio Alfaro">
Fabricio Alfaro

Fabricio Heriberto Alfaro Torres (born May 13, 1990 in San Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Santa Tecla and internationally for the El Salvador youth team system.
Club career.
Fabricio Alfaro's professional career began on July 3, 2007 when he signed a contract with now defunct Salvadoran national league club, San Salvador F.C.. He was one of six players from the El Salvador U17 national team, that would sign for San Salvador that season. The others were Ricardo Orellana, Diego Chavarría, Xavier García, Óscar Arroyo and William Maldonado. He made his professional debut on November 7, 2007, in a league match against C.D. Vista Hermosa, and scored his first goal on April 16, 2008 in a league match against C.D. Chalatenango.
In 2008, Alfaro signed to C.D. Chalatenango for one year.
Early in 2009, around February or March, Alfaro signed to Costa Rican club Club Sport Herediano under the youth system.
For the Apertura 2010, Alfaro returned to El Salvador to play for Atlético Marte.

</doc>
<doc id="20835296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835296" title="Bill Gogolewski">
Bill Gogolewski

William Joseph Gogolewski (born October 26, 1947 in Oshkosh, Wisconsin) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher who played a total of six seasons with the Washington Senators / Texas Rangers, Cleveland Indians and Chicago White Sox.
The right-hander was selected by the Senators out of Oshkosh High School in the 18th round (343rd overall) of the first-ever MLB amateur entry draft in June, 1965. He made it to the majors in September 1970. During that month, he started five of eight games, winning two of four decisions. The campaign, the franchise's last in the Nation's Capital, was Gogolewski's best, going 6–5 in 17 starts with a 2.76 earned run average, the only time in his career that statistic would be under 4.00. While the team finished its first two Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex seasons in the American League West cellar, his record fell to 4–11 in . He surrendered the first-ever home run in Kauffman Stadium history to the Kansas City Royals' John Mayberry in the ballpark's inaugural in April 1973. He pitched the final four innings to preserve the victory in David Clyde's professional debut.
He was dealt to the Indians on March 23, 1974 to complete a prior trade that sent Steve Hargan to Texas. He signed with the White Sox on February 18, 1975, one week after Cleveland released him. A back injury led to the end of his career later that year.
Gogolewski is currently the chairman of the Oshkosh advisory park board.

</doc>
<doc id="20835300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835300" title="Mob (slamball team)">
Mob (slamball team)

The Mob are one of six teams currently competing in SlamBall.
Personnel.
Current Roster.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20835302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835302" title="Rick Chryst">
Rick Chryst

Richard "Rick" Chryst is a former commissioner of the Mid-American Conference (MAC) from 1999 to 2009.
College and early career.
Chryst attended and played baseball at the University of Notre Dame from 1979–1983. He earned a BA in economics in 1983.
In 1983, after graduating from Notre Dame, Chryst was hired as the assistant sports information director at the United States Naval Academy. He then attended Duke University, where he earned a Juris Doctor with Honors from Duke University School of Law in 1989. Later that year, Chryst worked in the administration of the Southwest Conference until it dissolved in 1996. He then became the assistant commissioner of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Mid-American Conference.
On May 11, 1999, Chryst replaced Jerry Ippoliti as commissioner of the MAC. As commissioner, Chryst made an effort to put the conference and its teams in the national spotlight. He signed a TV contract with ESPN to air MAC football games nationally. He was able to do this by playing games on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, which are uncommon nights for football. He also moved the football championship game to Ford Field in Detroit, and the basketball tournament to Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Both were formerly played at MAC school stadiums/arenas. Chryst departed his post at the completion of his contract on June 30, 2009, in order to pursue other opportunities.
Personal.
He is the brother of former Wisconsin Badgers offensive coordinator, now Pittsburgh Panthers head coach Paul Chryst and San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks coach Geep Chryst.

</doc>
<doc id="20835311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835311" title="Harry Foster (politician)">
Harry Foster (politician)

Sir Harry Seymour Foster (29 April 1855 – 20 June 1938) was a British Conservative Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for three non-consecutive periods between 1892 and 1929.
He was the second son of Samuel Green Foster of London.
He was a Justice of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenant for Suffolk, and in the Commission of Lieutenancy for the City of London, where he was appointed a Sheriff of London for 1891. He was Consul-General of Persia from 1892 to 1923.
He was elected at the 1892 general election as MP for the Lowestoft division of Suffolk. He was re-elected in 1895, but did not defend his seat at the general election in 1900. He stood again at the January 1910 election, regaining the seat from the Edward Beauchamp, the Liberal who had won it in 1906. Foster's return to the House of Commons was short, as Beauchamp retook the seat at the December 1910 election.
After his defeat in 1910, Foster did not stand again until the 1924 general election, when he was selected as the Conservative candidate to replace Sir Thomas Bramsdon in Portsmouth Central. He won the seat, but stood down from Parliament at the 1929 general election.
He married Amy, the daughter of John Sparks of Eastbourne and had 3 sons and 3 daughters. 

</doc>
<doc id="20835327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835327" title="Jonah Goldman">
Jonah Goldman

Jonah John Goldman (August 29, 1906 – August 17, 1980) was a Major League Baseball shortstop who played for three seasons. He played with the Cleveland Indians for seven games during the 1928 Cleveland Indians season, 111 games during the 1930 Cleveland Indians season, and 30 games during the 1931 Cleveland Indians season. He was Jewish.[http://books.google.com/books?id=qJEQTaE7JEAC&pg=PA132&dq=%22Jonah+Goldman%22+baseball++jewish&hl=en&ei=00xHTvrnEaTa0QH3veH6Bw&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=2&ved=0CDAQ6AEwAQ#v=onepage&q=%22Jonah%20Goldman%22%20baseball%20%20jewish&f=false]

</doc>
<doc id="20835328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835328" title="One Lord, One Faith, One Baptism">
One Lord, One Faith, One Baptism

One Lord, One Faith, One Baptism is a 1987 gospel album recorded by Aretha Franklin, for Arista Records. Recorded at the New Bethel Baptist Church in Detroit, Michigan, over the course of three nights (July 27, 28, and 30, 1987), "One Lord, One Faith, One Baptism" became an album that combined the gospel talents of Aretha, her late sisters Erma and Carolyn, and fellow gospel singer Mavis Staples. 
However, this release had modest sales, peaking at #106 on Billboard's album chart, and paled in comparison to Aretha's legendary classic "Amazing Grace" recording. It has sold approximately 300,000 copies. The original release was a double vinyl LP issued by ARISTA Records in December, 1987. An abridged single CD was also issued removing two tracks (the speech by Rev. Jesse Jackson that opens Side 3 of the vinyl edition, and the Prayer Invocation by Rev. Donald Parsons that appeared on Side 4 of the vinyl edition). In 2003, the double vinyl version was reissued as a 2CD set by ARISTA BMG Heritage - this version was remastered and expanded by adding 4 previously unissued bonus tracks to the end of the second disc. The edited structure of the original double vinyl edition is retained to preserve the original album experience.
Track listing.
"Vocalists on tracks are identified by superscripts: (a) Aretha Franklin, (b) Mavis Staples, (c) Reverend Cecil Franklin, (d) Reverend Jesse Jackson, (e) Reverend Jaspar Williams, (f) Erma Franklin, (g) Carolyn Franklin, (h) Joe Ligon of The Mighty Clouds of Joy"

</doc>
<doc id="20835345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835345" title="Aruna Mucherla">
Aruna Mucherla

Aruna Mucherla is a Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam actress active during the 1980s. 1981 the film Seethakoka Chiluka received a Swarna (Gold) Nandi Award for Best Feature Film. She is currently living in Chennai with four daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20835360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835360" title="Serious Japanese">
Serious Japanese

Serious Japanese is the second album released by Japanese hip-hop group Teriyaki Boyz. It was released on January 28, 2009 in Japan by Star Trak Entertainment, and on February 3, 2009 worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20835368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835368" title="Johnny Gray (baseball)">
Johnny Gray (baseball)

John Leonard Gray (born December 11, 1927, in West Palm Beach, Florida) is a retired American professional baseball player, a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons. He pitched for the Philadelphia Athletics/Kansas City Athletics from 1954 to 1955, the Cleveland Indians in 1957, and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20835385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835385" title="Estadio Gran Mamoré">
Estadio Gran Mamoré

The Estadio Gran Mamoré is a multi-use stadium in Trinidad, Bolivia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Municipal Real Mamoré who currently play in Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano. The stadium holds 15,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20835387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835387" title="John Kenneth Foster">
John Kenneth Foster

John Kenneth Foster (29 May 1866 – 2 March 1930) was a British Conservative Party politician.
He was MP for Coventry in 1910. Like a few Conservatives, he took the seat in the first general election of January that year, but lost it in December 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="20835409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835409" title="Work That!">
Work That!

"Work That!" is the third single from Japanese hip-hop group Teriyaki Boyz's studio album "Serious Japanese". The song features Pharrell and Chris Brown.
Composition.
Allmusic editor Adam Greenberg described this song as "the Chris Brown-heavy "Work That," with its mix of Daft Punk-style backing tracks and Dirty South edge."
Charts.
"Work That!" peaked at number 7 on the Japan Hot 100 Singles chart on the chart week of January 27, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20835411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835411" title="Raymond Ochoa">
Raymond Ochoa

Raymond Ochoa (born October 12, 2001) is an American child actor. He has appeared in various commercials, television shows and movies. He is probably best known for his roles in "10 Items or Less", and "Merry Christmas, Drake and Josh".
Ochoa was born in San Diego, California. He is the younger brother of Ryan and Robert Ochoa. Ochoa's career initially boosted in 2007 when he starred in commercials for Betty Crocker, Verizon FiOS and Chevrolet. However, he made his debut by playing "Manuelito", a minor role in the television series "10 Items or Less" in 2006. He was also seen in the television series's "Cold Case", and "Hank".

</doc>
<doc id="20835416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835416" title="Oyster Bay (inlet), New York">
Oyster Bay (inlet), New York

Oyster Bay, also known as Oyster Bay Harbor, is an inlet of Long Island Sound on the north shore of Long Island in New York in the United States.
The bay lies in Nassau County. The hamlet of Oyster Bay within the Town of Oyster Bay is on its shore.
The United States Navy motor torpedo boat tender USS "Oyster Bay", in commission from 1943 to 1946, was named for Oyster Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20835424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835424" title="Paulo de Carvalho">
Paulo de Carvalho

Paulo de Carvalho (born Manuel Paulo de Carvalho Costais, in Lisbon, on May 15, 1947) is a Portuguese singer.
Career.
Carvalho co-founded the band, The Sheiks, in 1965. He sang and played the drums. He also played an instrumental role, either as a founder or a guest, of many other important Portuguese bands of the 60's, among them bands such as Fluido, Banda 4 and Thilo's Combo. The Sheiks was Portugals answer to the Beatles. During the 60's Portugal was ruled by an authoritarian dictatorship. This band came as a result of the climate in Portugal and captured the national mood. The people wanted the brightness of the Beatles sound and the Sheiks provided. The band sang songs such as Summertime, Missing You and Tell Me Bird. Though the band would break up and Carvalho would move into contemporary Fado, the Sheiks have reformed and have given performances in recent years.
As a solo performer, he participated in the Festival RTP da Canção and Eurovision Song Contest in 1974 and 1977. It was his song, the Portuguese entry for the Eurovision Song Contest E Depois do Adeus, which was used as the passcode for the beginning of the coup which toppled Portugal's dictatorship in what has become known as the Carnation Revolution, giving him a permanent place in his countrys' history. During the 70's and early 80's he won many international performance awards in Bulgaria, Poland and Belgium and was a strong participant in other music festivals in Chile, Argentina and Spain. In 1985, Carvalho began professionally associating himself with Fado in deference to the traditional music of Portugal in a period where globalization was perceived as a threat to the cultural heritage of his homeland; Desculpem qualquer coisinha was his first record following this shift, and though controversial is his most commercially successful venture. Many of Carvalho's songs were written by José Nisa, José Calvário and Ary dos Santos as well as a poem by Alda Lara ("Mãe Negra"). He has worked with Fernando Tordo, Tozé Brito, Carlos Mendes and Os Amigos and performed duets with Brito, Tordo and Dulce Pontes, among others. Several greatest hits albums have been released.
Some of his best known songs are:
Personal life.
Carvalho has been married three times. His first marriage to Teresa Maria Lobato de Faria Sacchetti produced one child, singer Mafalda Sachetti. His second marriage to Helena Isabel produced one child, Bernardo. His last marriage with Fernanda Borges produced one child Paulo Nuno. He is currently in a partnership with artist Susana Lemos with whom he has two girls.
Style.
Carvalho can be described as a new fadisto, one who sings the new contemporary fado as opposed to the fado of Amalia Rodrigues whose songs were rooted in an older tradition. Carvalho's style can be described as a fusion of contemporary Portuguese pop with some traditional elements of fado. In many cases, his songs are mixed with other Iberian or pan-European traditions, the song Minh Alma for example is more flamenco-pop than fado. This trend is visible throughout his career in fado. He takes from the wider world of ballads and adds elements of jazz, pop, or whatever else he sees fit into his songs yet still maintains it as fado.
Awards.
Carvalho was awarded with medal of Ordem da Liberdade by Cavaco Silva, President of Portugal, on June 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20835430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835430" title="Redding (Amtrak station)">
Redding (Amtrak station)

Redding is a station served by Amtrak's Coast Starlight in Redding in Northern California in the United States. The depot was built by the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1923. It has sheltered waiting areas on both platforms and a parking lot near the southbound platform.
Of the 74 California stations served by Amtrak, Redding was the 55th busiest in FY2012, boarding or detraining an average of 33 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="20835436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835436" title="John Arthur Jackson">
John Arthur Jackson

John Arthur Jackson (30 November 1862 – 25 November 1937) was a businessman and a British Conservative Party politician from Cumberland.
Jackson was educated at St Peter's, York. 
His business career included a senior partnership with Timber Merchants J. & W. Jackson, chairmanship of the Whitehaven Colliery Company and a directorship with the Furness Railway Company.
He was elected at the general election in January 1910 as Member of Parliament (MP) for Whitehaven, but lost his seat at the December 1910 election.
Personal.
He was the second recorded son of John Jackson of Hensingham House in Cumberland. In 1892 he married the fourth daughter of James Marshall Hill of Greenock: the couple had a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20835440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835440" title="The Weekly Filibuster">
The Weekly Filibuster

The Weekly Filibuster was an American talk radio show moderated by politico Ben Goodman of the University of Maine that is broadcast on Sunday evenings. The show features a panel of student commentators including Matt Cavedon of Harvard University, Thomas Dec of Yale University (formerly of The University of Connecticut-Stamford), Robert Burack of the University of Michigan–Flint, Bob Bowen of The University of Michigan, and Abigail Walls of Albion College. The show is best known for its involvement in the July 2008 Sonny Landham scandal.
History.
"The Weekly Filibuster" was founded by Ben Goodman and Tom Dec and launched with special panelist Matt Cavedon on January 12, 2008. Cavedon immediately joined the program as a permanent panelist to represent the political right against the liberal Dec.
The show first gained attention when presidential candidate Alan Keyes announced on the January 26, 2008 program that he was considering leaving the Republican Party. As the Democratic National Committee's struggle with Michigan and Florida's delegates garnered significant media in March, Robert Burack and Bob Bowen of Michigan, and Rebekah Hammond of Florida joined the broadcast to comment on the scandal, and would become permanent panelists. Hammond would leave the show in early summer 2008, but return as a guest panelist during the 2008 Democratic National Convention. The show additionally aired on Wednesday nights during summer 2008 and 2009 as "The Weekly Filibuster: Wednesday Edition" and, alternatively, "The Wednesday Filibuster." Abigail Walls served as a conservative panelist during August 2008, and returned a year later to be named as a permanent contributor to the panel.
The show earned national attention in summer 2008 for its series of interviews with the Kentucky Libertarian Party nominee for United States Senate, Sonny Landham. The show was also featured on Politico.com's KoteckiTV (and subsequently, MSNBC) for hosting a debate between MSNBC-TV's David Shuster and Politico's James Kotecki. The show was among the first in the media to speculate that Sen. John McCain might pick Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his vice presidential running mate.
The show aired coverage from the floor of the 2008 Democratic National Convention and has featured interviews with many guests including Katrina vanden Heuvel, Chris Cillizza, Gov. Paul Cellucci, Jack Cafferty, Gov. Pete du Pont, Autistic Self Advocacy Network President Ari Ne'eman, James Kotecki, Gov. Jane Swift, David Shuster, Kerry Healey, John Frary, Rabbi Dennis Shulman, Matthew Yglesias, Cyrus Krohn, Rick Noreiga, Joe Lauria, Former Senator Bob Smith, Thurston Clarke, Alan Keyes, Wayne Root, and Rick Davis. Sonny Landham, Mike Gravel, Brian Moore, and Gene Amondson have appeared on the program on multiple occasions.
The show last aired on January 3, 2010.
Sonny Landham saga.
Sonny Landham first appeared on "The Weekly Filibuster" on July 23, 2008 to address controversial comments in the "Kentucky Courier Journal", referring to Arabs as "camel-dung shovelers." Landham said on the show that he would stop Arabs from entering the United States. Following media coverage in newspapers and on WLEX, Landham] returned to the program on July 25 and July 28 to further address comments. Landham would later be stripped of his nomination.
Guest hosts and panelists.
On several occasions, Tom Dec and Matt Cavedon guest moderated the program, though Burack typically substituted when Ben Goodman was unavailable.
While Robert Burack, Tom Dec, Bob Bowen, and Matt Cavedon appeared regularly, several panelists joined the show for extended stints, including Republican Sage Koontz at The University of Virginia, Jay Gobeil of the University of Maryland, College Park. Several guest panelists have made repeated appearances including Jonathan Padilla at Harvard University and Sam Free at The George Washington University. Ian Engdahl of Rhodes College made one guest appearance and would go on to serve a stint as the show's main announcer and semi-regular newsreader.
Bostonian Peter Christopher of the University of Maine was a frequent substitute and guest panelist. He co-hosted "Drive Time," a popular morning show on the University of Maine's WMEB with Goodman during the school year.

</doc>
<doc id="20835448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835448" title="Westminster Retable">
Westminster Retable

The Westminster Retable, the oldest known panel painting altarpiece in England, is estimated to have been painted in the 1270s in the circle of Plantagenet court painters, for Westminster Abbey, very probably for the high altar. It is thought to have been donated by Henry III of England as part of his Gothic redesign of the Abbey. The painting survived only because it was incorporated into furniture between the 16th and 19th centuries, and much of it has been damaged beyond restoration. According to one specialist, the "Westminster Retable, for all its wounded condition, is the finest panel painting of its time in Western Europe."
In 1998 the Hamilton Kerr Institute in Cambridge, with support from the Getty Foundation and the Heritage Lottery Fund, began a six-year project to clean and conserve what remained of the work. Upon completion, it was displayed at the National Gallery, London for four months in 2005 before being returned to Westminster Abbey, where it is on display in the museum.
Description.
The retable measures 959 x 3330 mm (approximately 3 feet by 11 feet) and is painted on several joined oak panels using thin glazes of colour in linseed oil on a gessoed ground. The construction is complex, with six main flat panels, and several other wooden elements. The retable is divided into five sections by gilded wooden arcading, with "pastiglia" relief work, elaborate glass inlays, inset semi-precious stones and paste gemstones, to imitate the lavish goldsmith's metalwork found on some surviving retables and shrines on the Continent, and the now destroyed Shrine of Edward the Confessor installed in the Abbey in 1269.
The composition has a central section with three tall narrow openings defined by tracery containing full-length figures of Christ holding a globe as Salvator Mundi, flanked by the Virgin Mary holding a palm, and St John the Evangelist. To the sides are two sections each with four small medallions containing depictions of the Miracles of Christ, those to the right missing completely and those to the left showing the raising of Jairus’ daughter, the healing of the blind man, the feeding of the 5,000 and another subject, too defaced to identify. The outermost sections contained single figures, to the left St Peter, dedicatee of the Abbey and the best preserved single figure, with the figure to the right now missing completely; according to George Vertue this was St. Paul. These sidemost panels were evidently added when most of the retable had been completed, and are of German rather than local Thames Valley oak, and the grain runs vertically, rather than horizontally as on the four panels making up the central three sections. The back of the retable, which would have been invisible, is painted as imitation porphyry. Much of the retable is lost beyond recovery.
The painting is of very high quality, probably by an artist used to working on illuminated manuscripts, to judge by the fine detail of the work, and some stylistic details. In its position on the high altar the detailed images would only have been clearly visible to officiating clergy, and no concessions were made to more popular taste. The tiny globe held by Christ is painted with four registers of scenes showing animals, trees, and a man in a boat.
History.
After the Dissolution of the monasteries at the English Reformation, the retable panel was made into the lid of a chest, with the main painted side facing down. The chest was used to store wax funeral effigies of English monarchs, and the painting was not rediscovered until 1725, when it was drawn by Vertue (British Library). In 1778 serious damage was caused when the chest was modified into a cupboard or display case to show the funeral effigy of Pitt the Elder. Not until 1827, when the Retable was seen by the architect Edward Blore, then Surveyor of the Abbey, published in "The Gentleman's Magazine" and removed from the chest and set in a glazed frame, was it regarded as anything other than a curiosity by the Abbey. Since its rediscovery, the piece has been further damaged by attempted restoration efforts, which included a coating of glue intended to hold together painted layers. Watercolours of the Retable were made for the Society of Antiquaries of London; a conjectural restoration was included in Viollet-le-Duc's "Dictionnaire raisonné du mobilier français" and plates accompanied William Burges's essays on painted objects at Westminster Abbey.
It is currently housed in a glass frame to protect it from further deterioration and shown in the Westminster Abbey Museum, along with Pitt and the other wax effigies.

</doc>
<doc id="20835452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835452" title="Lee Gooch">
Lee Gooch

Lee Currin Gooch (February 23, 1890 – May 18, 1966) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians in 1915 and the Philadelphia Athletics in 1917. Gooch also served as the head baseball coach at Duke University in 1919 and at Wake Forest University from 1949 to 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20835459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835459" title="Pachydermodactyly">
Pachydermodactyly

Pachydermodactyly is a superficial dermal fibromatosis that presents as a poorly circumscribed symmetric, infiltrative, asymptomatic soft-tissue hypertrophy of the proximal fingers, typically sparing the thumbs and fifth fingers and rarely extending proximally to the wrists or occurring distally.

</doc>
<doc id="20835477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835477" title="Samuel Forde Ridley">
Samuel Forde Ridley

Samuel Forde Ridley (1864 – 17 November 1944) was a British industrialist and Conservative Party politician.
He was son of S E Ridley of St Helens, Isle of Wight and his wife Nona née Jackson. After education at Clifton College he entered the family firm of Radley Whatley and Company, linoleum manufacturers. 
He first entered politics in 1895, when he was an unsuccessful candidate for the Conservative-backed Moderate Party in the London County Council elections of that year. In September 1900 he was selected as Conservative and Unionist candidate to contest the parliamentary seat of Bethnal Green South West, held by the prominent Liberal MP, Edward Pickersgill. Ridley's pro war stance saw him unexpectedly take the seat from Pickersgill at the general election of that year. Six years later there was a swing to the Liberals and they regained the Bethnal Green seat. In 1907 the local Conservative association chose a different candidate to contest the constituency at the next general election, with Ridley being rejected due to his views on tariff reform. He was instead chosen to contest the Kent borough of Rochester. He was able to unseat the sitting Liberal MP when an election was held in January 1910, but was himself defeated when a further election was held in December of the same year. In the following year he indicated that he would not contest the seat again.
He died at "Pantiles", Budleigh Salterton, Devon in November 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20835479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835479" title="Adum Banso">
Adum Banso

Adum Banso is a village in the southwest of Ghana not far from the coast. Adum Banso is located in the Mpohor/Wassa East District of the Western Region, not far from the port of Sekondi.
Industry.
There are unexploited iron ore deposits in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="20835484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835484" title="Liquid junction potential">
Liquid junction potential

Liquid junction potential occurs when two solutions of different concentrations are in contact with each other. The more concentrated solution will have a tendency to diffuse into the comparatively less concentrated one. The rate of diffusion of each ion will be roughly proportional to its speed in an electric field. If the anions diffuse more rapidly than the cations, they will diffuse ahead into the dilute solution, leaving the latter negatively charged and the concentrated solution positively charged. This will result in an electrical double layer of positive and negative charges at the junction of the two solutions. Thus at the point of junction, a potential difference will develop because of the ionic transfer. This potential is called liquid junction potential or diffusion potential. The magnitude of the potential depends on the relative speeds of the ions' movement.
Calculation.
The liquid junction potential can not be measured directly but calculated. The Electromotive force (EMF) of a concentration cell with transference includes the liquid junction potential.
where a1 and a2 are activities of HCl in the two solutions, R is the Universal Gas Constant, T is the temperature and F is Faraday's Constant.
where a2 and a1 are activities of HCl solutions of right and left hand electrodes respectively and tM be transport number of Cl–
Elimination of liquid junction potential.
The liquid junction potential interferes with the exact measurement of the electromotive force of a chemical cell, so its effect should be minimized as much as possible for accurate measurement. The most common method of eliminating the liquid junction potential is to place a salt bridge consisting of a saturated solution of potassium chloride (KCl) and ammonium nitrate (NH4NO3) with lithium acetate (CH3COOLi) between the two solutions constituting the junction. When such a bridge is used, the ions in the bridge are present in large excess at the junction and they carry almost the whole of the current across the boundary. The efficiency of KCl/NH4NO3 is connected with the fact that in these salts, the transport numbers of anions and cations are the same.
External links.
Open source Liquid Junction Potential calculator

</doc>
<doc id="20835496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835496" title="Elastofibroma dorsi">
Elastofibroma dorsi

Elastofibroma, also called elastofibroma dorsi, is an ill-defined fibroelastic tumor-like condition made up of enlarged and irregular elastic fibers. 
Origin.
There are several theories about origin:
Signs and Symptoms.
Patient will present with a slow growing, deep-seated, firm mass, often presenting bilaterally. There may be pain or tenderness, but this is rare. 
Imaging findings.
By computed tomography, there is a poorly circumscribed, heterogeneous soft tissue mass, with a signal intensity similar to skeletal muscle. The fact that the lesion may be bilateral, helps eliminate a sarcoma from further consideration. At US, elastofibromas are depicted deep to the musculature as a multilayered pattern of hypoechoic linear areas of fat deposition intermixed with echogenic fibroelastic tissue. The mass often protrudes from the subscapular region upon shoulder abduction, allowing better delineation of the finding. 
Pathology findings.
In general, the tumor is an ill defined, nonencapsulated, rubbery, and firm, white lesion with interspersed fat. The tumors can be quite large (up to 20 cm), although most are around 5 cm. 
By microscopie view, there is an admixture of heavy dense bands of collagenous tissue dissected by fat and abnormal elastic fibers. The elastic fibers are often quite large and are easily identified. The elastic fibers are coarse, thick, and darkly eosinophilic, often fragmented into globules, creating a "string of pearls" or "pipe cleaner" appearance. Because of degeneration, the elastic fibers will appear as globules with a serrated or "prickled" edge. 
Differential diagnoses.
Given the anatomic site, a spindle cell lipoma, nuchal-type fibroma and fibromatosis coli are all included in the differential diagnosis. 
Management.
Simple excision is the treatment of choice, although given the large size, bleeding into the space can be a potential complication. Isolated recurrences may be seen, but there is no malignant potential. 
Epidemiology.
This is a very rare phenomenon (< 0.001% of soft tissue tumors), usually presenting in elderly patients (>50 years of age), and more commonly in women than men (5:1). There is an increased frequency in Okinawa, Japan, but this may be a reporting bias. 
The tumor develops very specifically in the subscapular or infrascapular area, deep to the muscle, sometimes even attached to periosteum of ribs. It is usually between the shoulder blade and the lower neck, with rare tumors reported in the chest wall. 

</doc>
<doc id="20835502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835502" title="Don Gordon (baseball)">
Don Gordon (baseball)

Donald Thomas Gordon (born October 10, 1959 in New York, New York) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He pitched for the Toronto Blue Jays from 1986 to 1987 and the Cleveland Indians from 1987 to 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20835513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835513" title="Mec 16 SB">
Mec 16 SB

The MEC 16 SB is a German 16 mm subminiature camera launched in 1957 by Feinwerke Technik Gmbh Germany. The lens is a Rodenstock Heligon 1:2/22mm with diaphragm working on principle of "cat's pupil". The MEC 16 SB was designed by A. Armbruster. It is the first camera with built-in exposure meter, capable of measuring the light through the lens, the so called Through-the-lens metering (TTL).
Though it is not a single-lens reflex camera, it has been recognized for being the first camera having a serially integrated exposure meter (Gossen), capable of measuring light through its picture-taking lens, connected.

</doc>
<doc id="20835514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835514" title="Mãe Negra">
Mãe Negra

Mãe Negra is a Portuguese language poem written by Angolan poet Alda Lara. Portuguese singer Paulo de Carvalho recorded it as a song.

</doc>
<doc id="20835518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835518" title="Zimbabwe Peace Project">
Zimbabwe Peace Project

Zimbabwe Peace Project also known as ZPP is a human rights monitoring group in ZimbabweThe ZPP was established in 2000 by a group of civilians and church members. It has critical of the Human rights situation in Zimbabwe, and its Director Jestina Mukoko was abducted by secret Police and freed only after Zimbabwe High Court orders. Since they are non-registered organization, they faced many obstacles because the government suspected them that they are creating violence among the society. ZPP alleged she had been kidnapped. ZPP was involved in documenting human rights abuses by the Zimbabwe government. Few more activists have also been abducted by the Secret Police.

</doc>
<doc id="20835520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835520" title="Cavanagh Company">
Cavanagh Company

The Cavanagh Company is a bakery that supplies altar bread, mainly to Catholic, Episcopal, Lutheran and Southern Baptist churches in the United States, Australia, Canada and Britain. They are based in Greenville, Rhode Island, and sell approximately 850 million wafers each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20835521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835521" title="Andrés Orozco-Estrada">
Andrés Orozco-Estrada

Andrés Orozco-Estrada (born December 14, 1977, Medellín, Colombia) is a Colombian violinist and conductor.
As a youth, Orozco-Estrada had musical instruction at the Instituto Musical Diego Echavarria (IMDE), where he learned to play violin. He started to take conducting classes in 1992. In 1997, he began additional conducting studies at the Hochschule für Musik und darstellende Kunst, Wien, where his teachers included Uroš Lajovic. 
In June 2004, Orozco-Estrada first conducted the Tonkünstler Orchestra at a Vienna Festwochen concert, as an emergency substitute conductor. This appearance led to his appointment as assistant conductor of the orchestra, a post he held for 2 years. Orozco-Estrada became principal conductor of the Tonkünstler Orchestra with the 2009-2010 season, with an initial contract for 3 years. His current contract with the Tonkünstler Orchestra is through the 2014-2015 season, at which time he is scheduled to conclude his tenure.
From 2005 to 2009, Orozco-Estrada was principal conductor of the ensemble "recreation" - Großes Orchester Graz. He was music director of Oper Klosterneuburg from 2005 to 2007. 
Outside of Austria, in May 2007, Orozco-Estrada first guest-conducted the Basque National Orchestra (Orquesta de Euskadi). In December 2008, he was named the orchestra's principal conductor, and took up the post beginning with the 2009-2010 season. He held the post until June 2013. Orozco-Estrada first guest-conducted the HR-Sinfonieorchester in 2009. In March 2013, he was named the next principal conductor of the HR-Sinfonieorchester, effective with the 2014-2015 season, with an initial contract of 4 years. He first guest-conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra (LPO) in November 2013, on a tour with the orchestra in Germany. In January 2014, the LPO announced the appointment of Orozco-Estrada as its next principal guest conductor, effective September 2015.
In the United States, Orozco-Estrada made his first guest-conducting appearance with the Houston Symphony in October 2012. This appearance led to a return engagement with the orchestra, for a private rehearsal. In January 2013, the orchestra announced the appointment of Orozco-Estrada as its next music director, as of the 2014-2015 season, with an initial contract of five years and twelve weeks of appearances per season. He holds the title of music director designate for the 2013-2014 season.
Orozco-Estrada and his wife Julia, a veterinarian, have a daughter, Laura.

</doc>
<doc id="20835522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835522" title="Acrokeratoelastoidosis of Costa">
Acrokeratoelastoidosis of Costa

Acrokeratoelastoidosis of Costa (also known as "Keratoelastoidosis marginalis") is a familial condition characterized by multiple keratotic papules on the dorsum of the hands and feet, palms, soles, in which electron microscopy shows rarified, abnormal elastic tissue.
It was characterized in 1953.
Treatments such as liquid nitrogen, salicylic acid, tretinoin, and prednisone have been tried, though with limited success.

</doc>
<doc id="20835528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835528" title="Tommy Gramly">
Tommy Gramly

Bert Thomas Gramly (born April 19, 1945 in Dallas, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched three games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1968 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20835539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835539" title="Thinking Electronic">
Thinking Electronic

Thinking Electronic Industrial Co., Ltd. (THINKING; ) (TWSE：2428) is one of the major circuit protection component manufacturer in Taiwan. It was established in 1979 and the headquarters are in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Locations.
THINKING manufactures products in Kaohsiung. More production facilities in China include Guangdong, Jiangsu and Hubei.
Products and services.
Started from ceramic material than extended to polymer and metal, THINKING developed series of products to protect electronic circuit from damaged by over current, overvoltage or overheat. Portfolio includes NTC (negative temperature coefficient) and PTC (positive temperature coefficient) thermistors, temperature sensor probes, varistors, ESD (electrostatic discharge) suppressors, and polymer resettable fuses (also known as PPTC).
Market position.
It is well known as NTC Thermistor and varistor manufacturer in Taiwan, as well as the first publicly listed cooperation in Taiwan's protective component industry. With the PC industry rising from the 1980s in Taiwan, its NTC thermistor is adapted as the inrush current limiter in switched-mode power supply to suppress the inrush current when power supply turns on, and the varistor protects the circuit from damaged by surge current occasionally occurred in the electricity network. This earns THINKING a role in the supply chain of the switched-mode power supply industry and listed into top 1,000 manufacturers in Taiwan by the press.

</doc>
<doc id="20835593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835593" title="George Grant (baseball)">
George Grant (baseball)

George Addison Grant (January 6, 1903 – March 25, 1986) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for seven seasons. He played for the St. Louis Browns from 1923 to 1925, the Cleveland Indians from 1927 to 1929, and the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20835600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835600" title="Aneurin Williams">
Aneurin Williams

Aneurin Williams (11 October 1859-20 January 1924) was a British Liberal Party politician.
Background.
He was the born in Dowlais, Glamorganshire, the second son of Edward Williams, CE, JP, ironmaster, of Cleveland Lodge, Middlesbrough. He was the great-grandson of Iolo Morgannwg, founder of the Gorsedd. He was educated privately before attending St John’s College, Cambridge where he received a Bachelor of Arts in Classical Tripos in 1880 and a Master of Arts in 1883. He married, in 1888, Helen Elizabeth Pattinson, of Shipcote House, Gateshead. They had one son Iolo Aneurin Williams and one daughter, Helen Ursula Williams. His wife Helen died in 1922.
Professional career.
He was Called to Bar, Inner Temple in 1884. He was one of the acting partners at Linthorpe Ironworks, in Middlesbrough from 1886–90.
Political career.
He joined the Liberal Party. He was firstly the unsuccessful Liberal candidate for the safe Conservative Medway Division of Kent at the 1906 General Election.
He was one of the successful Liberal candidates for the dual member Plymouth Division of Devon at the January 1910 General Election.
He was defeated at the Plymouth in the December 1910 General Election.
He was the successful Liberal candidate for the North West Durham Division at the North West Durham by-election, 1914.
In September 1915, Williams, along with Lord Bryce, attempted to publicize the Armenian genocide. In a public letter published in "The New York Times", Bryce wrote that he agreed with Williams that "the civilized world ... ought to know" about the Ottoman Turks' "plan of extirpating Christianity by killing off the Christians of the Armenian race". This letter estimated that 250,000 Armenians had escaped from the Ottoman Empire, while "perhaps 500,00 have been slaughtered or deported". A series of speeches in Parliament by Williams, Lord Robert Cecil, and T. P. O'Connor about the Armenian genocide were later published as a pamphlet entitled "The Armenian Question".
He served as a Justice of the peace in Surrey. He was Director of the First Garden City Ltd. He was Chairman of the executive committee of the Land Nationalisation Society. He was Chairman of the Executive of the International Co-operative Alliance. He was a Director of the Welsh National House Trust Ltd. 
He was the successful Liberal candidate for the Consett Division of Durham at the 1918 General Election.
He was Joint Honorary Secretary of the Labour Co-partnership Association. He was Chairman of the British Armenia Committee. He was Treasurer of the Proportional Representation Society. He was Chairman of the House of Commons Committee on Public Accounts, from 1921-1922. He was a Member of the Executive of the League of Nations Union. 
At the next General Election he was finally defeated;
Both his children also stood as Liberal Party candidates. His son Iolo contested Chelsea in 1924 and 1929. His daughter Ursula came close to re-gaining her father's seat of Consett at the 1923 General Election.

</doc>
<doc id="20835611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835611" title="Extremis">
Extremis

"Extremis" is a six-issue story arc from the comic book series "Iron Man" (vol. 4), published in issues one through six in 2005 and 2006 by Marvel Comics. It was written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Adi Granov. "Extremis" redefines the status quo for Iron Man, increasing the power of his armor significantly.
"Extremis" received mostly positive reviews, and is often listed as one of the best Iron Man stories. Elements of "Extremis" were adapted for the 2008 film "Iron Man" and the "" episode "Extremis", and it serves as the primary source material for the 2013 film "Iron Man 3".
Production.
"Extremis" was the second story arc after the Avengers Disassembled crossover event, not to be confused with "", a later story in "The Invincible Iron Man".
The story was meant as a sort of "new start" for the character—to redefine him from his origins as an arms dealer, to be the "test pilot for the future" Ellis intended him to be. The story rarely mentions any of Iron Man's past, and references to the rest of the Marvel universe are limited to brief, passing mentions of the Avengers and Fin Fang Foom. Warren Ellis admitted he had intentionally not read any Iron Man material besides the very earliest issues.
This is similar for Adi Granov: "My first official introduction to the character occurred a year prior to "Extremis". [...] Upon reading the script, I realized how realistic Warren's approach was to the story. [...] When illustrating the book I wanted my art to mirror the realism in Warren's writing [...] I felt that Warren wrote a story that's a sort of techno-thriller action story and I wanted the art to reflect this. [...] I saw Iron Man as not just a superhero in a suit; rather he is a pilot or weapon. To me, the Iron Man armor is more akin to a jetfighter than it is to an outfit.
The story, which lasts about three to four days in comic book time, takes place at an undefined time between the founding of the New Avengers, and the Stamford catastrophe (which led to the Marvel Civil War).
Story.
Plot.
Currently, the world does not know that Tony Stark is actually Iron Man.
Tony Stark is a weapons designer whose weapons are being used against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan in the years just prior to the second Gulf War. During an inspection tour, one of Stark's own bombs detonates, sending a piece of shrapnel into his chest, nearly killing him, when he is captured by Afghan terrorists. With the original origin story, Tony creates his first suit of armor with Ho Yinsen and escapes the terrorists, with Yinsen killed during the escape (noted by Tony to be due to a single stray bullet).
Three men enter a disused slaughterhouse in Texas, where two of them inject a willing third, whom they call "Mallen." This injection contains an experimental drug which makes him fall to the floor in immense pain. A bizarre physical change overtakes him; his horrified compatriots flee the room, but lock him in it.
Miles underground in his Coney Island "garage" (which is secretly an expansive lab accessed only by microchips injected into Tony's arms, and used to modify, construct, and perfect the Iron Man suit), Tony Stark is awakened from sleep and several weeks of work, isolation, and diminished self care by his secretary's phone call. Struggling to look his reflection in the mirror in the eyes before leaving for a scheduled interview with a journalist, Stark's feelings of guilt and disappointment towards himself begin to come to light. During the interview, the Journalist discovers that Stark's guilt is not totally for his history as a weapons designer, he is most regretful that the world-changing, humanitarian improvements he had hoped to fund with his weapons sales have not yet materialized. Confronted by his regrets, Stark returns to the garage, takes stock of himself while realizing that the Iron Man is likely his key to a better future for both himself and humanity. Having canceled all appointments, Tony Stark dons the newest version of the Iron Man armor and takes off into the sky.
Meanwhile, the injected man's body, still lying in the Bastrop warehouse, is now covered completely in a bizarre layer of scar tissue.
Later, at Futurepharm Corporation offices in Austin, Texas, Dr. Aldrich Killian commits suicide at his computer after typing and printing his confession. The note informs co-worker Maya Hansen that he has stolen and "loosed" the company's dangerous Extremis serum for some "greater" purpose. Hansen calls Tony Stark, whom she met years ago at a meeting of the minds. Setting up a drop-off destination for his "car" (a guise for the Iron Man armor), Tony speeds off in his airplane to meet Maya at Futurepharm.
Back in the Texas slaughterhouse, the two men return to find Mallen almost completely recovered appearance, alive, and having almost punched through the locked metal door.
Stark arrives in Texas in the middle of a teleconference with his board of directors, rejecting their requests that he resign as CEO of his company and take a head technician title instead. Tony also argues that Stark Industries, having invented a revolutionary cell phone and connection method, no longer needs the government's funding. The conference ends at a crossroad. Arriving at Futurepharm, Stark learns that the intended receiver of the Extremis dose is currently unknown due to an inability to hack Killian's computer. Utilizing Stark Industry's new prototype phone, Tony emails Killian's entire hard drive to be hacked by one of his employees, and, to distract Maya, jets her and himself to San Diego to talk with their old friend and teacher, Sal Kennedy.
Meanwhile, the three men from the slaughterhouse arrive at the FBI field office, and the injection survivor gets out. While Kennedy, now a futurist following nature and an idealistic way of life, harangues Tony and Maya on their military work and thus-far-failed promise, Mallen sets the FBI office on fire using his new biological powers.
Maya catches the story on the news, realizing that the terrorists are in fact using Extremis and causing casualties of over 50 civilians.
Back in the van, Mallen rejoins his confederates and tells them that he is only getting started.
In flight back to Texas, Maya tells Stark that Extremis is a military nanotechnology serum was another attempt to recreate the Captain America Super-Soldier Serum, and that the new formula interfaces with the brain's 'repair center' and directs the body to rebuild itself from scratch as if it were all wound tissue to be replaced. Stark receives a call from his employee, which reveals that Killian gave Extremis to local terrorists. Realizing the threat, Tony drops Maya off at Futurepharm, and departs to the hangar where his "car" awaits.
Iron Man debriefs area police authorities with a transmission to Avengers Mansion before landing. Tracking the terrorists' van from above via body heat scans, and tears it in half with a non-lethal repulsor ray. Mallen instantly recovers, and after refusing to surrender peacefully, engages Iron Man in a brutal fight. Throughout the battle, it becomes obvious that Mallen's new abilities far surpass the processing speed and impact of the suit. Suffering severe injuries, including several broken bones, internal bleeding, and damage to his armor, Iron Man and the police manage to repulse Mallen, though civilian casualties are present. Mallen flees, leaving Stark trapped beneath a car with armor at zero power and flames approaching. However, Stark saves himself and the car's passengers by raising his armor to 1% power by drawing from the flames' thermal energy, though he is forced to rely on the police to remove the car from atop his body.
Iron Man calls Maya and has her people fly him to Futurepharm, where, in a private medical bay, he reveals himself as Tony Stark to Maya. Together, the two remove his critically damaged armor. Knowing the severity of his injuries, Tony realizes that the only way for him to survive and upgrade his system time enough to defeat Mallen is to become one with the Iron Man by taking the Extremis serum himself. Maya fears that Tony won't survive the process, but he insists that he must personally handle Mallen. So, the two access the Extremis vault, which requires two key cards at once, and ready a lower dose of the serum that will not alter Stark's mind and body as it did for Mallen, and inject him with it. Not knowing that Tony had altered the structure of the Extremis dose; removing several safeties and linking himself to his armor and machinery, thus granting him a form of techno-kinesis, Maya must sit and watch the metamorphosis take place. Tony then falls into a coma as a cocoon forms around his body.
While unconscious, Stark relives his story as Iron Man, starting with his first mortal injury and the secrets he revealed to Yinsen while they constructed the original Arc Reactor (used to still the shrapnel lodged in Stark's chest and prevent it from puncturing his heart) and Iron Man suit (something powered by the same thing keeping him alive that would allow for the two of them to escape their captors). Tony confesses that the terrorists could not be allowed to use his weapons, and that his Military contracts were nothing more than "stealing money from the government" to fund something that would better all of mankind and bring a better future; the Iron Man idea was never a weapon of war, but the start of a process that would merge men with machines, and make humanity great.
24 hours into his coma, the cocoon which has covered his body bursts; Stark awakes healed and newly fit. An internal control sheath for his Iron Man armor is now contained within the hollows of his bones, able to emerge upon mental command. He can integrate himself not only into his armor, but phone, computer, and even satellite networks. Maya confronts Tony on the potential strain his organs will suffer, only to find that the Extremis formula allowed him to grow entirely new organs. Utilizing an older version of the Iron Man suit stored in a suit case, Tony explains that the autonomous armor was the way of the future, though its low processing speed made it useless until now.
Tapping into a satellite cluster, Iron Man finds Mallen heading towards Washington, DC for the president. Having the police evacuate the city, Iron Man confronts Mallen one last time. During the fight, Iron Man reveals several aspects of his past, saying that he was forced to kill nearly 50 people in order to escape the terrorists and save himself and his friend, only to witness a stray bullet killing Yinsen on impact. Mallen replies that his parents died the same way. Tony then points out that when Mallen killed 50 people, he did so with no knowledge of who or what they were, and did so twenty years after the fact. Now superior to Mallen, Iron Man explains that he had to be the one to stop the terrorist, seeing Mallen as a perversion of himself: a man with power but no concern or ability to see the future. After failing to plead with the man, Iron Man confesses that he spent years developing the suit into something that does more than just kill. In the end, however, Mallen refuses to listen, pins Stark to the ground, and violently declares, "There isn't any future. I'm gonna kill it!" Seeing the horror before him, Stark launches his unibeam, piercing Mallen's chest and tearing his organs apart. Enraged by the man's refusal to give up, as well as his contempt for all life, Iron Man grabs Mallen's head with both hands, and regretfully blows his head off with a double blast of his repulsor rays. Attempting to recover, Mallen's body rises onto its knees, only to collapse lifeless on the ground. Furious, Iron Man condemns Mallen for what he made him do. Recovering from the incident, Stark declares that he has one last thing to do; the worst part yet.
Confronting Maya at Futurepharm, along with several armed guards, Iron Man reveals that Maya was clearly the accomplice of Killian, due to the issue of needing two key cards entered at the same time as well as her extensive involvement with the formula. Shocked, Maya allows herself to be taken away, though she justifies her actions by comparing them to the Atom Bomb, saying, "It had to be used once in anger so that it would never be used in anger again." Extremis was to be mankind's key to a better future, but the government had to made to see its potential after cutting its funding. So, it was given to terrorists to use as a weapon. Maya then declares that Tony is no better than she is, to which Iron Man replies, "No. But I'm trying to be...And tomorrow I'll be able to look myself in the mirror", knowing his moral actions will one day bring not only mankind's brighter future, but his own.
About Extremis.
Extremis has been referred to as a "virus" constantly since the story. The verbatim description offered by its inventor Maya Hansen, goes: "...Extremis is a super-soldier solution. It's a bio-electronics package, fitted into a few billion graphite nanotubes and suspended in a carrier fluid. A magic bullet, like the original super-soldier serum—all fitted into a single injection. It hacks the body's repair center—the part of the brain that keeps a complete blue print of the human body. When we're injured, we refer to that area of the brain to heal properly. Extremis rewrites the repair center. In the first stage, the body essentially becomes an open wound. The normal human blueprint is being replaced with the Extremis blueprint. The brain is being told the body is wrong. Extremis protocol dictates that the subject be placed on life support and intravenously fed nutrients at this point. For the next two or three days, the patient remains unconscious within a cocoon of scabs. (...) Extremis uses the nutrients and body mass to grow new organs. Better ones..."
Effects of the Extremis process, apart from the changes specific to Tony Stark, included: greatly accelerated healing; immensely-boosted immune system; generation of "new, improved organs" (Tony's cardiovascular and respiratory systems were greatly upgraded); and, the side effect of increased aggressiveness. Tony Stark had the super-powers removed from the Extremis compiler, though, effectively 'exchanging' them for the ability to interface directly with machines and his own armor; but, Mallen retained said super-powers, resulting in his high-level super-strength, super-speed, advanced invulnerability, and the abilities to breathe fire and project arcs of electricity from his hands, as well as being completely bullet-proof
As well as the obvious physical changes, Extremis also affected Stark mentally, allowing him to process information at light speed, on a subconscious level, to help him better cope with the direct technological link he now possessed to his armor (even as his standard thought processes remained at a human norm). As a result, his brain, taking in more information than he could consciously process, began to sublimate it into his unconscious mind, causing Stark to experience occasional hallucinations of particularly relevant information, manifesting as people whose deaths he felt personally responsible for—such as Captain America or Happy Hogan—making him aware of facts that he had noted subconsciously while not recognizing their relevance or existence on a conscious level (such as that a member of the Initiative had lied about his powers or that Maya Hansen was actually alive after her death was faked). Doc Samson speculated that the hallucinations appeared because the excess information was filtered into the same place Stark subconsciously stored his guilt to stop himself facing it.
When the Mandarin attempted to release Extremis on a large scale as part of his plan to 'reshape' the human race, it is revealed that Extremis can only be successfully used on people who possess a rare genetic sequence, found in only 2.5% of the human population; this percentage includes Tony Stark and Maya Hansen, but does not include the Mandarin. Anyone without this sequence who is exposed to Extremis will be killed by the system.
During the 2010 "Stark: Disassembled" storyline, Tony was forced to erase portions of his memory in order to prevent Norman Osborn from gaining access to the list of people registered under the Superhuman Registration Act. These actions resulted in his falling into a persistent vegetative state, in which his brain was unable to even regulate the autonomic functions of his body. During this period, Stark's colleagues played a recorded holographic message from Tony, which revealed that when the extraterrestrial Skrulls invaded Earth during the 2008 "Secret Invasion" storyline, they attacked Tony's Extremis, permanently shutting it down. Stark's mind was 'rebooted' using information that he had saved when he first injected himself with Extremis, with the result that he lost all memory of the actions he had committed after receiving the Extremis upgrade, although he has spent time researching his activities between then and his restoration. Tony later discovered that his brain still had access to Extremis, which he began using again.
Reception.
"Extremis" received positive reviews, and is often listed as one of the best Iron Man stories.
In other media.
Film.
Each of the three respective "Iron Man" films (and the crossover film "The Avengers") have taken cues from the Extremis story arc:

</doc>
<doc id="20835615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835615" title="Fibrous hamartoma of infancy">
Fibrous hamartoma of infancy

Fibrous hamartoma of infancy is a rapidly growing, painless, ill-defined subcutaneous or intradermal nodule that is generally solitary and less than 5 cm in size, though, rarely, multiple lesions occur synchronously.
As of 1999, there were 12 reported cases.
The majority of patients are less than 2 years old, with 25% of cases being congenital. Possible locations include the trunk and limbs; usually the upper arm or shoulder. Local excision is the treatment of choice, but it may recur locally.

</doc>
<doc id="20835623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835623" title="Jimmy Grant">
Jimmy Grant

James Charles Grant (October 6, 1918 – July 8, 1970) was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played for three seasons. He played for the Chicago White Sox from 1942 to 1943 and the Cleveland Indians from 1943 to 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20835635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835635" title="Amy Adams (disambiguation)">
Amy Adams (disambiguation)

Amy Adams (born 1974) is an American actress.
Amy Adams may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20835637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835637" title="Félix Arenas Gaspar">
Félix Arenas Gaspar

Captain Félix Arenas Gaspar (December 13, 1891 – July 29, 1921), a Puerto Rican, was a Captain in the Spanish Army who was posthumously awarded the Cruz Laureada de San Fernando for his actions in the Rif War.
The Cruz Laureada de San Fernando (Laureate Cross of Saint Ferdinand) is the highest military decoration awarded by the Spanish government. It is bestowed on a member of the Spanish armed forces who distinguishes himself during combat. It is Spain's equivalent to the American Medal of Honor.
Early years.
Arenas Gaspar was born in San Juan, the capital of Puerto Rico, when the island was still a Spanish colony. His father Félix Arenas Gaspar, Sr. was a captain of an artillery division stationed in the island. His family moved to Spain when Puerto Rico became a possession of the United States as an outcome of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 which concluded the Spanish-American War. They settled in the town of Molina de Aragón, where his family originally came from, and there he received his primary and secondary education.
Military career.
In 1906, Arenas Gaspar entered the Military Academy of Engineers of Guadalajara, Spain and earned his degree and lieutenant of engineer's commission in the Spanish Army in 1911. He was assigned to Aerostation Service and in 1913 earned his Balloon Pilot Badge. On October 1913, he was assigned to the Aerostation Company of Tetuan and served in North Africa where he was involved in active combat.
From 1914 to 1917 he attended the Superior School of War, during which time (1915) he was promoted to the rank of Captain of Engineers. In 1919, Arenas Gaspar was given the command of the 2nd Company of Zapadores in Melilla. Melilla is a city under Spanish rule located on the Mediterranean, on the Moroccan coast.
Rif War.
In 1919, a rebellion against Spanish colonial rule took place in Spanish Morocco, a Spanish protectorate in what is known as the Rif War. In July 1921, many Spanish military outposts fell to the Riffian rebels, as part of the disaster of Annual, and Arenas Gaspar together with a Lieutenant Colonel by the name of Ugarte headed towards the town and fort of Dar Dríus. During their journey they encountered members of a Spanish squadron retreating from Dar Dríus, who informed them that the passageway was blocked. Arenas Gaspar joined the squadron, which included many of their wounded, and headed towards Monte Arruit. After helping with the wounded, Arenas Gaspar decided to go to Tistutin to defend the Spanish position there, and to re-establish the telegraph service with Monte Arruit which had been interrupted. 
Arena Gaspar's position was under constant enemy attack. He decided on the nights of July 25 and 26, to leave his parameter and set fire to the stacks of hay which served as the enemy's protective barriers. A member of his company by the name of Captain Aguirre and a squad of riflemen provided Arena Gaspar with the necessary firepower to cover him. He was severely burned when one the gasoline tanks which he was carrying blew up, but not before he killed ten of the enemy. 
On July 29, the Spanish troops were ordered to retreat to the major fort at Monte Arruit. Arenas Gaspar volunteered to stay in the rear to cover the retreat with Capt. Aguirre and 200 men. They fought against the enemy until the Spanish troops were safely in Monte Arruit. Then they found themselves surrounded and outnumbered by the Riffians. They battled against the Riffians until Arenas Gaspar ordered Capt. Aguirre and the survivors to reach the Spanish position at Monte Arruit. Arenas Gaspar decided to stay and cover their retreat.
Arenas Gaspar took charge of one of the artillery batteries and opened fire, which halted the enemy advance and allowed his men to reach Monte Arruit. Unfortunately one of the Riffians was able to get close enough to Arenas Gaspar, shot him in the head, and killed him.
Cruz Laureada de San Fernando.
Various officers who witnessed the actions of Arenas Gaspar requested that he be posthumously awarded the Cruz Laureada de San Fernando. In 1924, Capt. Félix Arenas Gaspar was awarded the Cruz Laureada de San Fernando (Laureate Cross of Saint Fernand), the highest military decoration awarded by the Spanish government.
Legacy.
On July 5, 1928, King Alfonso XIII of Spain unveiled a bust with the likeness of Capt. Félix Arena Gaspar and named a street n his honor in the town of Molina de Aragon. In 1956, the city of Guadalajara named a street in his honor. In Melilla, Morocco the military barracks "Capitán Arenas" was named in his honor. He is featured in the "Who's Who in Ballooning."

</doc>
<doc id="20835648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835648" title="Connective tissue nevus">
Connective tissue nevus

A connective tissue nevus (also known as a "Collagenoma", "Elastoma", and "Shagreen patch") may be present at birth or appear within the first few years, is elevated, soft to firm, varying from 0.5 to several centimeters in diameter, and may be grouped, linear, or irregularly distributed.

</doc>
<doc id="20835649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835649" title="SM U-64 (Germany)">
SM U-64 (Germany)

U-64 was a Type U-63 class submarine in the Kaiserliche Marine that served during World War I. She was built in 1916 and served in the Mediterranean Sea.
On 19 March 1917, while on patrol in the Tyrrhenian Sea, U-64 encountered the French battleship 30 miles south of Sardinia. U-64 torpedoed the "Danton" which sank in 45 minutes with the loss of 296 men.
During her career, U-64 was under the command of Kapitänleutnant Robert Moraht. She was lost on 17 June 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20835656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835656" title="Mickey Grasso">
Mickey Grasso

Newton Michael Grasso (May 10, 1920 – October 15, 1975) was an American Major League Baseball catcher who played for seven seasons. He appeared in 322 total games for the New York Giants in and , the Washington Senators from to , and the Cleveland Indians in .

</doc>
<doc id="20835670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835670" title="Cecil Grenfell">
Cecil Grenfell

Colonel Cecil Alfred Grenfell (13 February 1864 - 11 August 1924) was a British Liberal politician.
Biography.
Grenfell was the son of Pascoe du Pré Grenfell, of Wilton Park, Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, grandson of Pascoe Grenfell. His mother was Sophia (née Grenfell). Cecil Grenfell was one of fifteen recorded children born to Pascoe and Sophia. His schooling included time at Eton.
Of his eight brothers; three died in battle. Lieutenant Robert Septimus Grenfell died in a cavalry charge at the Battle of Omdurman in 1898 and his two youngest brothers (twins) were both killed in the First World War. One of the twins, Francis Octavius Grenfell received the Victoria Cross in 1914, but was killed in 1915.
Grenfell was MP for Bodmin between the two general elections of 1910, but then stood down. Along with his eight brothers he was a successful polo player. 
Grenfell married Lady Lilian Maud, daughter of George Spencer-Churchill, 8th Duke of Marlborough, in 1898. They had two daughters. He died in August 1924, aged 60. His wife survived him by 27 years and died in January 1951, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="20835715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835715" title="Jeon Bong-Seong">
Jeon Bong-Seong

Jeon Bong-Seong(born March 18, 1985) is a South Korean football player who since 2007 has played for Chunnam Dragons.

</doc>
<doc id="20835717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835717" title="Dave Gregg">
Dave Gregg

David Charles Gregg (March 14, 1891 – November 12, 1965), nicknamed "Highpockets", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched an inning of one game for the Cleveland Naps during the 1913 Cleveland Naps season.

</doc>
<doc id="20835724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835724" title="Thomas Barclay (economic writer)">
Thomas Barclay (economic writer)

Sir Thomas Barclay LL.D., Ph.D. (20 February 1853 – 20 January 1941) was a distinguished authority on International Law, a writer on economic subjects and a British Liberal politician.
Barclay was born at Dunfermline in 1853, the eldest son of George Barclay, LL.D. of Cupar. he was educated at Cupar Academy, the College of Dunkirk, the Johanneum Classical School, Hamburg, University College, London, and the Universities of Paris and Jena. Initially he followed his father's footsteps in being a journalist for "The Times" having written articles for various newspapers from 1876 and he was posted to their Paris office. When he was called to the bar in 1881, he then devoted himself to a legal practice.
A former Liberal Unionist, he was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Blackburn (UK Parliament constituency) between the two general elections of 1910. He was also a deputy Chairman of the International Law Association. From 1899 to 1900 he headed the British Chamber of commerce and economic work in France involving that helped lead to the Entente cordiale For these works he would be nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1905, 1906, 1907, 1908, 1910, 1913, 1914, 1923, 1925, and 1928.
Barclay was knighted in the birthday honours of 1904. He was married to Marie Thérèse Teuscher, the translator of Villiers de l'Isle Adam's "La Révolte", with whom he had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20835727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835727" title="Pioneer Seamount">
Pioneer Seamount

Pioneer Seamount is an undersea mountain, or seamount, in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of central California.
Location.
Pioneer Seamount is located at 37° 21.1' North Latitude, 123° 26.1' West Longitude, at the base of the continental slope of North America about 95 kilometers (51 nautical miles) off the coast just south west of San Francisco, California.
Physical characteristics.
The seamount is a volcano between 10.9 and 11.1 million years old. It is about 12.8 kilometers (6.9 nautical miles) long as well as about 12.8 kilometers (6.9 nautical miles) wide, and has a volume of about 135 cubic kilometers (32.4 cubic miles). It rises about 1,930 meters (6,332 feet) above the surrounding ocean floor, and its peak is a minimum of 820 meters (2,696 feet) below the oceans surface. Samples from the seamount consist of highly vesicular alkalic basalt, hawaiite, and mugearite.
Biological environment.
A wide variety of sealife lives on the seamount. Corals dominate in deeper areas and sponges in its shallower parts.
Naming.
Pioneer Seamount was named for "Pioneer", the first of three survey ships of the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey to bear the name. "Pioneer" operated along the United States West Coast and in the then-Territory of Alaska during her Coast and Geodetic Survey career, which lasted from 1922 to 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20835731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835731" title="Igor Prahić">
Igor Prahić

Igor Prahić (born 15 April 1987) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Vaslui in the Romanian Liga I.
Career.
In December 2008 he was invited on a trial at Celtic, with media speculations saying he might sign for the Scottish side suring the 2008-09 winter transfer window.
Prahić rose through all youth levels playing for Varteks before debuting in top-flight football in 2006. He also has 40 caps for Croatia's youth teams. On 16 December 2010 CS Sedan signed Croatian centre-back from Varteks until June 2012.
On 2 September 2013 Prahić agreed a deal to play for the Romanian team Vaslui for three years, being signed as a replacement for Fernando Varela, who is expected to sign with Steaua.

</doc>
<doc id="20835732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835732" title="Heliotrope Studios">
Heliotrope Studios

Heliotrope Studios was a video game developer active in the 1990s. Heliotrope was started as Changeling Software, a Macintosh developer, by Andrew and Peter Sispoidis, then changed its name when it began cross-platform development. The company developed "Pax Imperia" and "".

</doc>
<doc id="20835749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835749" title="Arthur Heath">
Arthur Heath

Arthur Howard Heath TD (29 May 1856 – 26 April 1930) was a British industrialist, first-class cricketer, Rugby Union international and Conservative Party politician.
Family Background and education.
Born at Newcastle-under-Lyme in Staffordshire on 29 May 1856 Heath was educated at Clifton College and Brasenose College, Oxford, where he graduated MA. His father, Robert Heath (died 1893) was a mine and iron works owner.
Sports.
The family was also very involved in cricket, Heath played for his school; Gloucestershire, making his debut in 1875, just after leaving school; Oxford University; and Middlesex. He was also an MCC member. Three brothers-in-law, two brothers, his father-in-law and his son all played club and county cricket. Heath himself made 44 appearances at first class level in all, scoring 969 runs and taking 26 wickets. 
He was active in rugby union for Oxford University and once for England against Scotland in 1876, the last 20-a-side international. He was a double Blue and competed in The Varsity Match in rugby in 1875, 1877, 1879 and 1880 and in The University Match at cricket in 1876, 1877 and 1878. 
In addition to the first-class game, Heath was involved in Staffordshire County Cricket Club for many years, playing from 1879 to 1898, in addition captain from 1884 to 1895, including captaining the county in its first ever Minor Counties Championship match. He was also county secretary and treasurer.
Military career.
He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Staffordshire Yeomanry on 18 August 1880. He was promoted lieutenant on an unknown date, and captain on 16 October 1886. He was promoted honorary major on 9 September 1896, honorary lieutenant-colonel on 12 July 1905, substantive lt-col, and commanding officer, on 7 April 1906, and honorary colonel on 31 May 1906. He was awarded the Territorial Decoration on 2 April 1909. He retired on 6 April 1910.
In the First World War he was lt-col with the 48th Midlands (Howitzer) Brigade, Royal Field Artillery, until 1915.
Business career.
He was involved in founding the "Staffordshire Post" in 1892, but this did not last long, with its parent company, The Staffordshire Potteries Newspaper Company, Ltd, wound up in 1896. The title was bought out by the "Staffordshire Sentinel" and Heath subsequently served as a director of that company, and later chairman, until the title was sold in 1928.
Heath had joined the family business after graduation. On the death of his father in 1893, Heath and his two brothers formed the company of Robert Heath and Sons, Ltd to run the family's coal and iron interests. This was sold to the Low Moor Iron Company in 1910. The brothers had also founded the Birchenwood Colliery Company at Newchapel near Kidsgrove in 1893, developing a coking and coal byproducts business. This was the largest industrial site that the Newchapel area has ever known and provided employment for several thousand people in its heyday. According to his obituary in "The Times" Birchenwood did well during the First World War when its chemical products were in demand for explosives, but in the depression that followed, the company began to struggle, but the brothers kept it going to provide employment to the people of Kidsgrove, though it returned no profit to them.
Political career.
Heath was elected as the 1900 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the borough of Hanley in Staffordshire, having fought the seat unsuccessfully in 1892 and 1895.
After losing his seat at the 1906 general election, he was returned to the House of Commons at the January 1910 general election for the Leek division of Staffordshire, with a majority of only 10 votes. He did not stand again at the December 1910 general election. His father and his brother, Sir James Heath were also Members of Parliament.
He also became J.P. for Staffordshire in 1894
Death.
He died aged 73 on 24 April 1930, in Marylebone, London. In legal notices relating to his estate he was described as "Arthur Howard Heath, late of Keele Hall, in the county of Stafford, and of No. 46, Orchard-court, Portman-square".

</doc>
<doc id="20835752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835752" title="Park Sang-Cheol">
Park Sang-Cheol

Park Sang-Cheol (; born February 3, 1984) is a South Korean football player. He previous played for Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma, Chunnam Dragons and Sangju Sangmu Phoenix.
He was arrested on the charge connected with the match fixing allegations on 7 July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20835754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835754" title="Lou Guisto">
Lou Guisto

Louis Joseph Guisto (January 16, 1895 – October 15, 1989) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who played for five seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1916 to 1917 and from 1921 to 1923.
He managed in the minors from 1929-1931.
The baseball field at Saint Mary's College of California, where Guisto played, is named Louis Guisto Field.

</doc>
<doc id="20835767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835767" title="Lee Kyu-Ro">
Lee Kyu-Ro

Lee Kyu-Ro (; born August 20, 1988) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
Career.
International career.
On 9 January 2010, Lee made his first international cap for South Korea at the friendly match against Zambia.
Honours.
Club.
Chunnam Dragons
FC Seoul

</doc>
<doc id="20835768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835768" title="John Maclear">
John Maclear

John Fiot Lee Pearse Maclear (b. 27 June 1838 in Cape Town; d. 17 July 1907 in Niagara) was an Admiral in the Royal Navy, known for his leadership in hydrography.
He is best known for being Commander of HMS Challenger (1858) during the "Challenger" Expedition (1872–1876) under its commission captain, Sir George Nares, for the voyage of scientific discovery in which the ship went round the world. This expedition led to the science of oceanography, after which various ocean features are named, including the Challenger Plateau near New Zealand. During this expedition the Maclear's Rat on Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean was named after him. He is also honoured in the specific epithet of "Dicliptera maclearii", a plant in the family Acanthaceae which is endemic to Christmas Island.
Royal Navy career.
Maclear entered the Navy in September 1851 as a cadet on board the frigate "Castor", then bearing the broad pennant of Commodore Christopher Wyvill, then commanding the Cape station. In her he saw service during the Kaffir war of 1851, and afterwards, as a midshipman of the "Algiers", served in the Baltic and in the Black Sea from 1854 to 1856, receiving, the Baltic, Turkish, and Crimean medals, with the clasp for Sevastopol. He passed his Lieutenant's examination in July 1857, and served on board the "Cyclops" in the Red Sea as mate during the outbreak at Jeddah in 1858.
On 19 May 1859 he was promoted to Lieutenant, and shortly afterwards was appointed to the "Sphinx", in which he served on the China station until 1862, being present at several engagements during the second Chinese war, and especially at Taku Forts, for which he received the clasp. In 1863 he went to "Excellent" to qualify as a gunnery lieutenant. In February 1864, Maclear was appointed to the "Princess Royal", flagship on the China station. He returned to England in her and, in October 1867, was chosen to be First Lieutenant of the frigate "Octavia", flagship of Commodore Heath in the East Indies. In her he took part in the Abyssinian campaign of 1868, earning the medal and his promotion to Commander on 14 August 1868.
In 1872 the "Challenger" was commissioned by Sir George Nares, with Maclear as his commander, for the voyage of scientific discovery around the world. Returning home in her in 1876, on 14 August Maclear was promoted to Captain. In 1879 he succeeded Sir George Nares in command of the sloop "Alert" and remained in her until 1882, completing the survey of the Straits of Magellan. From 1883 to 1887 he commanded the "Flying Fish" on surveying service.
On 20 June 1891 he reached flag rank, and two months later retired. He was promoted to Vice Admiral on the retired list in 1897, and to Admiral in 1903.
After leaving the sea, Maclear assisted in the compilation of several volumes of the official sailing directions, especially those for the Eastern Archipelago (1890 and 1893), for the West Coasts of Central America and the United States (1896), for Bering Sea and Alaska (1898), and the 'Arctic Pilot' (vol. ii. 1901 and vol. iii. 1905).
He was a fellow of both the Royal Geographical Society and Royal Meteorological Society.
Family.
Maclear was the second son and eighth child of Sir Thomas Maclear, Her Majesty's astronomer at the Cape of Good Hope.
He married, on 4 June 1878, Julia, the sixth daughter of Sir John Frederick William Herschel. They had no children.
He died from heart failure in an hotel at Niagara on 17 July 1907. His body was taken to England for burial.
Legacy.
Maclear Island in Queensland, Australia is named after him, as is Mount Maclear (Latitude -20.317, Longitude 148.783)) near Proserpine, Queensland, Australia. The Maclear's rat is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20835769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835769" title="Sir William Younger, 1st Baronet, of Auchen Castle">
Sir William Younger, 1st Baronet, of Auchen Castle

Sir William Younger, 1st Baronet (28 June 1862 – 28 July 1937) was a Scottish politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for a total of 11 years between 1895 and 1910.
Family.
Younger was the son of William Younger, of Auchen Castle, Moffat, and his wife Margaret ("née" Brown), from Sydney, Australia. He was educated at Worcester College, Oxford.
He joined the British Army in 1884, taking up a commission with the 16th Lancers, but left in 1888 and married Helen Caroline Gunter, the daughter of Sir Robert Gunter, 1st Baronet, the Conservative MP for Barkston Ash in Yorkshire.
His residences were listed in 1901 as Auchen Castle, Moffat and 45 Prince's Gardens, London SW.
Political career.
He first stood for Parliament at the 1892 general election, when he was an unsuccessful Liberal Unionist candidate in Scotland for Orkney and Shetland.
Standing as a Conservative Party candidate, he was elected at the 1895 general election as the MP for the Stamford (or Kesteven) division of Lincolnshire in England. He was re-elected in 1900, but did not contest Stamford again at the 1906 election.
His next electoral contest was as a Liberal Party candidate at the January 1910 general election, when he returned to Scotland to be elected as the MP for Peebles and Selkirk, beating a Liberal Unionist candidate. He stood down from the House of Commons in December 1910 election.
He was made a baronet in July 1911, of Auchen Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="20835775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835775" title="Mount Yajuro">
Mount Yajuro

Outline.
Mount Yajuro is one of the popular mountains of Tanba Highland. Mount Yajuro is a typical fault-block mountain in this area.
Religion.
Mount Yajuro has been an object of worship by the people around the mountain. On the south foot of the mountain, there was Saiko-ji temple which is said to be established in 731 by Gyōki. The temple moved to the north foot of the mountain, but burned in the war. On the north foot of the mountain there is Hahakabe shrine and today we can find a monument to show the shrine has their own area in the mountain.
Route.
There are several routes to the top of the mountain. The easiest route is from Hōkabemae Bus Stop of Shinki Bus via Yakushinogahara Camping place. It takes about two hours. Another route is from Ushiroguchi Bus Stop, it takes one and half hours. The other route is from Shimo-Kagonobo..

</doc>
<doc id="20835777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835777" title="Choi Kyung-Bok">
Choi Kyung-Bok

Choi Kyung-Bok(born 13 March 1988) is a South Korean football player who since 2007 has played for Chunnam Dragons.

</doc>
<doc id="20835790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835790" title="Cricket in Kenya">
Cricket in Kenya

Cricket is the second most popular sport in Kenya. Kenya has competed in the Cricket World Cup since 1996. They upset some of the World's best teams and reached semi-finals of the 2003 tournament. They also won the inaugural World Cricket League Division 1 hosted in Nairobi and participated in the World T20. Their most successful player is Steve Tikolo.
Cricket has always been played only at club level in cities like Nairobi, Mombasa, Kisumu, Nakuru and central province. But there never was a competition where these cities played each other until the Zonal League was started.
History.
Historical background.
Following initial colonisation by the Portuguese, Kenya gradually came under British influence in the latter part of the 19th century and in the first half of the 20th century. Cricket was probably introduced to the country in the 1880s.
Early developments.
The first match of note was "East African Protectorate v Rest of the World" at Mombasa in December 1899. 
From 1910, a series of games called Officials v Settlers was established and ran until 1964. 
In 1914, a Kenyan team crossed the border into Uganda and defeated their hosts by 5 wickets at Entebbe.
Governing body.
Cricket Kenya is the official ICC recognised organisation chosen to represent Kenya in terms of cricket issues. Kenya broke away from the East and Central Africa Cricket Conference in 1981 and joined the ICC in their own right as an Associate member. Cricket Kenya are also Associate members of the African Cricket Association.
Domestic competitions.
The National cricket competition in Kenya is also known as Zonal League. It is a four team cricket competition created by Cricket Kenya featuring a Twenty20 tournament, a one day cricket tournament and finally a three day cricket tournament. For the inaugural league four teams will be competing consisting of the 60 best players according to Cricket Kenya from Kenya.
The first edition of the competition involved four franchises, namely The Northern Nomads, The Eastern Aces, The Southern Stars, and The Western Chiefs. The teams were captained by National team players, Steve Tikolo, Thomas Odoyo, Kennedy Obuya, and Peter Ongondo in 2008. The inaugural T20 Competition, played in February 2008, was won by the Eastern Aces, while the first 50 over competition was won by the Northern Nomads, However the three day format of the competition was postponed due to unfavourable weather and was played in June 2008. Further difficulties in availability of players, many of whom were in school, meant that the first season of the three-dayers had to be compressed to two days per match.
The league was sponsored by South African Sahara Computers, African Cricket Association and others in 2008. 
Following a lack of interest from contracted players and insufficient funding, the league was not held in 2009 and 2010, and has been replaced in 2011 by two new competitions; the East African Cup (50 overs a side) and the East Africa Premier League (Twenty20) (see below)
East African Cup and East Africa Premier League.
In 2011, as part of a radical shakeup of cricket in the country following poor performances by the national team at the 2011 Cricket World Cup, and in response to a huge gap in standards between the national side and the country's existing leagues, Cricket Kenya launched two new franchise based competitions. Season 2011/12 saw the launch of the 50 over a side East African Cup, and the Twenty20 East Africa Premier League. 
In addition to teams from Kenya, two teams from neighbouring Uganda were also awarded franchises, to ensure further development of playing standards, and to create more rivalry with Kenyan based sides.
Four teams from Kenya will participate 
and two teams from Uganda
Teams are composed of international players, senior club players and age group cricketers aiming to make the national squads of both countries. The top two teams in each competition compete in live televised finals.
Cricket Kenya has agreed a broadcast deal with Supersport who will televise a number of live matches throughout Africa as well as a regular highlights and magazine programme.
Cricket grounds.
There are several cricket venues in Nairobi accredited with full ODI status. 
The Ruaraka Sports Club Ground played host to the 1994 ICC Trophy final. Aga Khan Sports Club Ground and Nairobi Club Ground have hosted One Day Internationals and the Nairobi Gymkhana Club hosted two matches during the 2003 Cricket World Cup.
The Mombasa Sports Club ground is the only fully accredited ODI Cricket ground in Kenya outside of Nairobi. The Jaffery Sports Club Mombasa is the only cricket ground in Kenya where cricket can be played under lights. Rift Valley Sports Club in Nakuru has been given a major uplift for the under-19 world cup. Jomo Kenyatta Sports Grounds in Kisumu has got a turf wicket
National team.
The East Africa cricket team represented Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda. Their first game was against a South African Non-European team in 1958. Kenya was represented by the East Africa team in the 1975 World Cup and the 1979 ICC Trophies.
The Kenya national cricket team have One Day International status until 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20835812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835812" title="Yoo Hong-Youl">
Yoo Hong-Youl

Yoo Hong-Youl(born December 30, 1983) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for TTM Lopburi in the Thai Division 1 League.

</doc>
<doc id="20835820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835820" title="Spider-Man No More!">
Spider-Man No More!

"Spider-Man No More!" is a one-issue Spider-Man story written by Stan Lee, with art by John Romita, Sr. Published by Marvel Comics, the story first appears in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #50.
Plot summary.
Peter Parker attempts to give up his life as Spider-Man, but finds out that he is unable to let it go.
Collected editions.
The story is included in the trade paperback "Essential Amazing Spider-Man, Vol. 3" (ISBN 0785118640).

</doc>
<doc id="20835825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835825" title="Eric Richter">
Eric Richter

Eric Richter (born February 5, 1974), is a musician (guitarist/singer) from Denver, Colorado. He's best known for fronting the influential 90's emo band Christie Front Drive. He moved to New York City in 1996 and helped create the shoegaze/synth-pop quintet Antarctica. After Antarctica's demise in 1999, he started the power trio The 101, which disbanded in 2006. His next project, Golden City, released a 7" single on Sound Fiction (Norway) on March 9, 2009 and a 10"/CD EP on Magic Bullet Records on April 7, 2009.His current band, Highness, is currently in the studio recording their first LP that's scheduled for an early 2013 release.
He also provided backing vocals on Jimmy Eat World's second full length, Static Prevails

</doc>
<doc id="20835827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835827" title="Rich Ellerson">
Rich Ellerson

Rich Ellerson (born January 1, 1953) is an American football coach and former player. He was the head football coach at the United States Military Academy, a position he held from the 2009 season through 2013. Ellerson served as the head football at Southern Utah University in 1996 and at California Polytechnic State University from 2001 to 2008. While at Cal Poly, Ellerson's teams won three conference championships and compiled a 56–34 record, giving him the third highest winning percentage of any football coach in school history.
Early years.
Ellerson attended Salpointe Catholic High School in Tucson, Arizona. He received a congressional appointment to the United States Naval Academy, which he attended for his freshmen year of 1972–73. He subsequently attended the University of Hawaii between 1974 and 1977, where he played for the Hawaii Warriors football team as a center and linebacker.
Coaching career.
Early coaching positions.
After graduating college in 1977, he served as a Hawaii graduate assistant under head coach Dick Tomey. From 1992 to 1995, he served at Arizona as an assistant head coach and defensive line coach, working alongside with defensive coordinator Larry MacDuff. During his four-year tenure, Arizona was ranked as a top-ten team in total defense and was the number-two defense against the rush in 1992 and 1993. He also worked with special teams, and helped mentor placekicker Steve McLaughlin to a Lou Groza Award-winning season in 1994.
In 1996, Ellerson served as the head coach at Southern Utah, where he oversaw an improvement to a record of 4–7 from 2–9 the previous season. That year, Southern Utah was the leading the NCAA Division I-AA (now Division I FCS) team in rushing offense. He returned to Arizona from 1997 to 2000 as the defensive coordinator and kickers coach. In his final season there, he coached the Wildcats to become the eighth-ranked rush defense in the nation, allowing 88.5 yards per game on average. Arizona also led the Pac-10 Conference in rush defense and was second in total defense, allowing 317.5 yards per game.
Cal Poly.
In 2001, Ellerson took over as the head coach at the California Polytechnic State University (Cal Poly) in San Luis Obispo, California. While at Cal Poly, Ellerson led the Mustangs to a 52–38 record during his eight-year tenure. With a winning percentage of .622, he currently ranks as the third most successful coach in school history.
During his first year, Ellerson led Cal Poly to their first winning season in four years, finishing with a 6–5 record. In 2003, Ellerson was named NCAA Division I-AA Coach of the Year. He led the Mustangs to a winning 7–4 record and a national ranking as high as 14th during the season. In 2004, he was named the Great West Football Conference Coach of the Year and AFCA Region 5 Coach of the Year. He led Cal Poly to secure the Great West championship. In 2005, Cal Poly finished with a 9–4 record and earned its first playoff berth in 12 years. They were defeated by Texas State in the quarterfinals. The Mustangs recorded a 6–0 record at home. The Mustangs narrowly missed qualifying for the 2006 playoffs. In 2007, Cal Poly achieved a 7–4 record and third place in the Great West. The Mustangs finished the season with a #24 final ranking. Under Ellerson, Cal Poly employed a triple-option offense similar to the ones traditionally used at the service academies.
Army.
In 2008 it was speculated he was a candidate to replace Washington's head coach, Tyrone Willingham. He instead accepted an offer to become Army's head coach in December 2008. Other potential candidates for the vacant Army head coaching position included Mike Sullivan, a West Pointer and wide receivers coach for the New York Giants; Greg Gregory, South Florida offensive coordinator and former Army assistant coach; Charlie Taaffe, former Maryland offensive coordinator, Canadian Football League coach, and Army offensive coordinator; and Ed Warriner, Kansas offensive coordinator who spent 13 years as an Army assistant coach. Army also gauged the interest of both Navy's offensive and defensive coordinators, Ivin Jasper and Buddy Green, respectively.
Ellerson has several family ties to the Academy. His father and two of his brothers attended West Point. His brother, John, was a captain of the Army football team while at West Point from 1960 to 1963. Rich Ellerson said, "I grew up with that special connection to Army Football. At that age, watching my big brother captain the Army football team, living on Army posts, it was just the biggest thing in our life. It was the foundation of my football experience, not just my Army football experience, and obviously, football is a big part of my life." He also said: "More than any other place in America, this is an important job. This is the United States Military Academy. We're playing football. We need to be good at this. We need to be. Everybody wants to win. We need to." He expressed a belief in the importance in working with recruits at the United States Military Academy Preparatory School (USMAPS) in order to improve the pool of candidates for the varsity team. Ellerson also referred offhandedly to Navy, in comparing the type of offensive scheme he plans on bringing to Army. "I'm a triple option guy, and our triple option looks similar to some other team that we see every once , but it is not exactly alike ... What we do fits well with the Academy at every level."
In his first season at the helm Ellerson's team finished the season with a 5–7 record. Going into the final game of the season against Navy, a win would have placed Army in the EagleBank Bowl, their first bowl berth since the 1996 Independence Bowl. They would lose to rival Navy by a score of 17–3. In his second season, Ellerson continued to turn around the Army football program. In 2010 he led Army to a 7–6 record, its first winning season since 1996, and an invitation to and victory in the 2010 Armed Forces Bowl, the program's first bowl win since 1985. The progress had Ellerson as one of the ten finalists for the 2010 Liberty Mutual Coach of the Year. The 2011 campaign for Army was not as successful as the previous two seasons. Facing a schedule with eight bowl-eligible teams and four home games, the Black Knights faltered to a 3–9 season that was plagued with injuries to key players. The fourth year under Ellerson's tenure ended with a 2–10 record, however it did feature wins against a BCS Conference opponent in Boston College as well as Ellerson's first victory in a Commander-in-Chief's Trophy game over Air Force. After a loss to Navy in December 2013, Army administration fired Ellerson. 

</doc>
<doc id="20835853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835853" title="Cory McFarlane">
Cory McFarlane

Cory McFarlane (born April 17, 1980) is an American actor and American businessman. He is also the Chief Visionary of Pinnacle/CSG, a high tech project management company that is one of a handful of ISO 9001:2008 registered project management companies. In his acting career he is quickly earning a reputation for intensive character study work for films such as Underground President, Warrior Blood and The Gambler before his retirement to focus on growing Pinnacle/CSG. 
Early life.
Cory McFarlane was born in Brooklyn, New York raised by his mother from Kingston, Jamaica. As a child who grew in Brooklyn before Moving to Miami, Florida. Cory found joy in acting, starring in many school plays before putting his acting career on hold after being kicked out of a drama magnet school. After graduating high school at North Miami Senior High School at age 19 McFarlane taught himself how to build and configure computer systems and opened his first business, Unlimited Enterpris,e to build and service computers. After leaving the computer industry after the internet collapse McFarlane attended college at Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University and graduated summa cum laude with a degree in Business Administration. During his Junior year he found Aspirant Development, a full service building company.
Acting career.
McFarlane scored his first leading role in the urban drama Underground President playing the role of Sluggs. The film won the audience choice award at the 2007 Buffalo Niagara Film Festival and was shown at the Palm Beach film festival. He was also tapped to play the role of Lump in the upcoming mixed-martial arts movie Warrior Blood.

</doc>
<doc id="20835860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835860" title="1967 in comics">
1967 in comics

Awards.
Alley Awards.
Best Comic Magazine Section 
Best Professional Work 
Popularity Poll 
Newspaper Strip Section 
Fan Activity Section 
First issues by title.
Marvel Comics.
Ghost Rider
Not Brand Echh
Charlton Comics.
Blue Beetle (vol. 5)
The Many Ghosts of Doctor Graves
Peacemaker
Timmy the Timid Ghost vol. 2
Other publishers.
Valérian and Laureline, in "Pilote" magazine

</doc>
<doc id="20835862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835862" title="List of current ACC basketball announcers">
List of current ACC basketball announcers

A list of Atlantic Coast Conference men's basketball announcers.

</doc>
<doc id="20835878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835878" title="David J. Dorsett">
David J. Dorsett

David John “Jack” Dorsett (born 8 October 1956) is a Corporate Vice President for Cyber and C4 at Northrop Grumman, and a retired vice admiral of the U.S. Navy. He was the first Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Dominance and 63rd Director of Naval Intelligence. He served as the Director of Intelligence, Joint Chiefs of Staff from 2005–2008 prior to assuming his position on the Chief of Naval Operations staff.
Early life and education.
Vice Admiral Dorsett was born in Roanoke Rapids and raised in Virginia. He graduated from Jacksonville University (Florida) in 1978, receiving a Bachelors degree in Political Science. He was also the 2008 Distinguished Alumni for Jacksonville University.
Jack Dorsett is a Naval intelligence officer, joint specialty officer, a specialist in Joint and Strategic Intelligence, and a qualified surface warfare officer. He possesses significant experience in National Security Affairs (Europe, Middle East, Asia) and in Strategic Planning. He graduated with distinction from the U.S. Naval War College and Armed Forces Staff College, and was awarded a Master’s Degree from the Defense Intelligence College. He has also attended executive business programs at Babson College and the University of North Carolina's Kenan-Flagler Business School.
Military service.
He began his Navy career in 1978 as an exchange midshipman with the Royal Navy, serving on the Ton class minesweeper HMS "GAVINTON" (M1140). His early career included duty in USS "ELLIOT" (DD-967), USS "OLDENDORF" (DD-972), and as executive officer in USS "Dominant" (MSO-431).
From 1983–1987, he served as an intelligence analyst and Operations Officer at FOSIC U.S. Naval Forces Europe, providing intelligence support during Operations EL DORADO CANYON, ATTAIN DOCUMENT, and PRAIRIE FIRE. In 1987, he reported to Sixth Fleet as Political-Military Officer and Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelligence.
He transferred to the U.S. Naval War College in 1989, serving as Executive Assistant for the CNO's Strategic Studies Group. He then served as the Intelligence Officer in USS "RANGER" (CV-61), participating in Operations SOUTHERN WATCH and RESTORE HOPE. From 1993–1996, he directed the Operational Intelligence/Crisis Management Department at the Joint Intelligence Center Pacific.
In 1996, VADM Dorsett transferred to Washington, D.C., where he directed the CNO's Intelligence Plot and then served as Director of Intelligence, Office of Naval Intelligence. From 1998–1999, he served as the Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelligence on the COMUSNAVCENT/COMFIFTHFLT staff, and participated in Operations DESERT FOX, SOUTHERN WATCH, RESOLUTE RESPONSE, and other sensitive, nationally tasked combat and special operations.
VADM Dorsett commanded the Joint Intelligence Center (JICCENT), U.S. Central Command between 1999–2001, where he managed intelligence support to theater forces during Operations SOUTHERN WATCH and DETERMINED RESPONSE. In June 2001, he assumed duties as the Director, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Requirements and Resources on the OPNAV staff. He was selected for promotion to Rear Admiral (Lower Half) in May 2003 and assigned as the Special Assistant to the Director of Naval Intelligence; in July 2005 he reported to the Joint Staff as the Director for Intelligence (J2). He was selected for promotion to Rear Admiral (Upper Half).
As a flag officer, he has served as: Special assistant to the Director of Naval Intelligence; director of Intelligence (J2), United States Pacific Command; director for Intelligence (J2), U.S. Joint Staff; and, is the 63rd Director of Naval Intelligence (N2), Chief of Naval Operations. On 2 Nov 2009, VADM Dorsett assumed office as the 1st Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Dominance (OPNAV N2/N6).
Establishment of the Information Dominance Corps.
In response to the CNO’s direction, VADM Dorsett spearheaded the formation of the Information Dominance Corps (IDC)—a cadre of information specialists—consisting of more than 45,000 active and Reserve Navy officers, enlisted and civilian professionals possessing extensive skills in information-intensive fields. These specialists include information professional officers, information warfare officers, naval intelligence officers, meteorological and oceanography officers, space cadre officers, cyber engineer officers, aerographer’s mates, cryptologic technicians, intelligence specialists, information systems technicians, and civilian personnel.
The stand up of N2/N6 represents a landmark transition in the evolution of naval warfare, designed to elevate information as a main battery of the Navy’s warfighting capabilities, and firmly establish the U.S. Navy's prominence in intelligence, cyber warfare, and information management.
Initiatives as DCNO for Information Dominance.
On 31 October 2009, the CNO established the office of the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Dominance (OPNAV N2/N6) and on 2 November 2009, VADM Dorsett assumed duties as the 1st Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Dominance.
As the DCNO for Information Dominance, VADM Dorsett was the CNO’s principle advisor for all information capabilities. His strategic objective was to elevate information to a core navy warfighting capability and to functionally integrate intelligence, information warfare, information/network management, oceanography, and geospatial information for information age operations, while delivering assured command and control and information access to operational forces by delivering deep multi-intelligence penetration and understanding of potential adversaries, melded with deep multi-domain understanding of the operating environment.
He was further tasked with coordinating resource investment to deliver information-centric capabilities and competitive advantages while aggressively accelerating experimentation and innovation with information capabilities including remotely piloted, unattended, and autonomous capabilities adaptively networked to extend reach, penetration and persistence in denied areas. 
Unmanned Initiatives:
Under VADM Dorsett, the Navy made significant progress in building a network of unmanned systems that will perform ISR, communication relay, strike, and other missions.
Networking Initiatives:
Accelerating Electronic Warfare Capabilities: The Navy has begun to restore its EW advantage and develop world-class cyber warfare capabilities to tackle future threats. To that end, the Next Generation Jammer (NGJ) Analysis of Alternatives concluded in April 2010.
Cyber Warfare Initiatives: VADM Dorsett articulated the need establish the FLTCYBERCOM / TENTHFLT to coordinate globally and serve as the Navy Component Commander to U.S. Cyber Command.
Maritime Domain Awareness (MDA):
Northrop Grumman.
At Northrop Grumman, he serves as the company's primary liaison for cyber and command, control, communications and computer programs and manages corporate-wide interfaces with key officials of the U.S. government's executive branch and Congress, advises on major program initiatives, and facilitates development of strategic concepts and marketing solutions. In this role, he has facilitated development of company-wide strategic concepts and customer engagement on issues that include: command and control of cyber and non-kinetic effects; assured communications; and, integrated electronic warfare solutions.
Dorsett also serves on the Board of the Naval Intelligence Professionals and is a member of the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA) and the Intelligence and National Security Alliance (INSA).
Military Awards.
NSA Bronze Medallion

</doc>
<doc id="20835879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835879" title="Fort Knox Five">
Fort Knox Five

Fort Knox Five is a Washington, D.C.-based musical group consisting of Steve Raskin, Jon Horvath, Rob Myers and Sid Barcelona. The collective releases music through their self-run label, Fort Knox Recordings. Their music style mixes elements of funk, reggae, hip hop and electronica.
History.
Fort Knox Five was formed in 2003 by four like-minded musicians as an outlet for a new style of funk-infused electronic music. The group chose their name because the studio was called Fort Knox and because five sounds better than four. There are actually only four of us, but five sounds better than four…Grand Master Flash and the Furious Five, Jurassic 5, Jackson 5, MC5 Members hail from various side projects and previous outfits; Steve Raskin originally part of Edsel and Raskal as well as ESL Music Recording Artists Thunderball and Liftoff, Rob Myers plays sitar and guitar with Thievery Corporation and International Velvet and also plays guitar in See-I, Jon Horvath recorded music with both DJ Dan and Raskal, and Sid Barcelona was also a part of ESL Music Recording Artists Thunderball and Liftoff. Fort Knox Five formed their own record label, Fort Knox Recordings to release their music, and the label is now distributed by Washington, DC based Dischord Records.
In 2005, Fort Knox Five were selected to be the opening dj's on Gwen Stefani's Harajuku Lovers Tour throughout North America, playing numerous shows in a wide variety of venues alongside Gwen Stefani and The Black Eyed Peas. Fort Knox Five were also selected by Urb Magazine for their annual "Next 100" artists to watch.
In 2007, Fort Knox Five were selected to remix two Bob Marley songs which were released on Roots, Rock, Remixed. Fort Knox Five were also selected as the resident DJs at the Eye Candy Sound Lounge at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas.
In 2008, Fort Knox Five released their debut studio album Radio Free DC which features all four members of Fort Knox Five on production as well as numerous guest vocalists and musicians. The album is a good representation of the Fort Knox Five sound as it moves from genre to genre, all with a focus on providing party music.
In 2009, Fort Knox Five began the year with a tour of Australia. This was followed by Fort Knox Recordings hosting a special inaugural event called The Funk 4 Peace Ball which featured Afrika Bambaataa, Fort Knox Five, 2Tuff and Nappy Riddem. EA released its Skate 2 video game in January, which featured Fort Knox Five songs on the game soundtrack. Fort Knox Five also released Volume 1 of Radio Free DC Remixed in February 2009.
Discography.
Featuring artists.
Fort Knox Five works with various vocalists and musicians to add a live element to their music.. The featured artists they have worked with include:

</doc>
<doc id="20835904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835904" title="Slashers (slamball team)">
Slashers (slamball team)

The Slashers are one of six teams currently competing in SlamBall.
History.
The Slashers and 3 others joined the Rumble and Mob in the first ever Slamball season. They failed to make the playoffs but in 2003 Season they made it to the championship game against the Riders, where they lost 66-60. When Slamball returned in 2008 the Slashers changed their colors from Maroon and Aqua to White and Red. That season they finished with a 7-5 record and beat the Rumble 48-46 to win their first championship. This made them the first team to compete in back-to-back championship games.
Trivia.
During season 6 of "One Tree Hill" there was a five episode storyline where Nathan plays SlamBall for the Slashers.

</doc>
<doc id="20835906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835906" title="I Could Be with Anyone">
I Could Be with Anyone

I Could Be With Anyone is an EP released by Kevin Devine in support of his fifth album, "Brother's Blood", and his winter 2008 tour with Manchester Orchestra. The title track is featured on "Brother's Blood", while the other 3 tracks are exclusive to the EP. Both "She Stayed As Steam" and "What's Keeping Us Young" were previously available to stream on Kevin's MySpace page, however, the EP features a new version of "What's Keeping Us Young".
On June 5, 2009 the video for "I Could Be With Anyone" premiered on Spinner.com, featuring ""a series of couples both real and staged in various stages of their relationships."" 
The title track was later covered by Manchester Orchestra on a split EP with Devine, entitled I Could Be the Only One. The band's lead vocalist Andy Hull describes the song as ""...an incredibly real and painfully-depressing song. I've loved this tune since the moment I heard it.""

</doc>
<doc id="20835913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835913" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 61 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 61 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 61 was an initiated state statute ballot measure that enacted law to create mandatory minimum prison sentences for certain theft, identity theft, forgery, drug, and burglary crimes.
The measure appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon, as did Measure 57 which dealt with similar issues, but in a different way.
Background.
In 1994, Measure 11, another initiative proposed by Kevin Mannix, was passed, which set mandatory minimum sentences for violent crimes. It is responsible for 28% of today's prison population. 
Oregon uses the highest percentage of its state budget to lock up criminals and supervise parole of any state. Oregon has seen a growth in prison inmates from about 4,000 to more than 13,500. 
If Ballot Measure 61, or the competitive measure proposed by the legislature, is passed, Oregon's prison population and percentage of state budget will become more pronounced. At the same time, Oregon has seen a greater drop in violent crime than the rest of the country on average since Measure 11 passed.
Measure 61 versus Measure 57.
In February 2008, some members of the Oregon State Legislature proposed a bill to put a legislatively referred ballot measure, Measure 57, on the November 2008 ballot that would compete with Measure 61, but which would have less stringent mandatory minimums in it. In response, Mannix said that this "stinks of political manipulation". His concern is with how the competing measure's ballot title is set. If the ballot title sounds tough-on-crime, voters—many of whom will judge the measure simply based on its title—might vote for it, even though (Mannix alleges) the competing legislative measure is "wimpy".
The key difference between the competing measures lies in how they treat first-time offenders. Measure 61 requires mandatory jail time for some first-time offenders; the competing measure does not. 
Supporters of Measure 61 believe that the method of establishing the ballot title for Oregon ballot measures is unfair and gives the legislatively referred Measure 57 an undue advantage at the polls. For a citizen-initiated measure in Oregon, the ballot title is determined by the state's Attorney General. In the case of the measure that will compete with Measure 61, the claim has been made that the legislature plans to set the ballot title without going through those normal channels.,
Specific provisions.
Ballot Measure 61 enacted the following provisions:
Estimated fiscal impact.
The state's Financial Estimate Committee prepares estimated fiscal impact statements for any ballot measures that will appear on the ballot. The estimate prepared by this committee for Measure 61 says:
The state's Criminal Justice Commission said that the Mannix measure will cost between $128–$200 million a year, whereas the competing measure, Measure 57, would cost between $65–70 million per year.
Support.
The chief petitioners for Measure 61 were Kevin Mannix, Duane Fletchall and Steve Beck.
Kevin Mannix said that Oregon's incarceration rate is below the national average and that the costs are high because of well-compensated corrections officers. "You get what you pay for", Mannix argued, adding that state prisons are among the most drug-free in the country. 
Oregon prison officials questioned the Pew Center's numbers, mentioned below, and also pointed out that the Department of Corrections funnels about 20 percent of its budget directly to counties for jails and parole.
Loren Parks, the biggest political contributor in Oregon history, donated over $100,000 to the campaign for this measure.
Opposition.
Arguments against Measure 61.
Notable arguments in opposition to the measure included:
Donors opposing Measure 61.
Defend Oregon, as a committee, fought seven different ballot measures, and supported two others. As a result, it is not possible to discern how much of its campaign money was going specifically to defeat Measure 59. Altogether, the group raised over $6 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 8 included:

</doc>
<doc id="20835915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835915" title="Astone UMPC">
Astone UMPC

Astone UMPC is a mini notebook manufactured by Astone and based in VIA NanoBook. It has a LCD touch screen powered by a 1.2 GHz VIA C7-M processor. The module bay on the right side of the screen allows expansion with optional components such as webcam, GPS receiver, or world clock.
Specifications.
The hardware specification of the Astone UMPC are as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="20835928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835928" title="Manju-ji">
Manju-ji

History.
Manju-ji was founded in the middle Heian period (late 13th century). In 1305, (1235–1308) was appointed abbot of Manju-ji.
Artwork.
An artistically noteworthy Amida figure is too large to be moved from Manju-ji for display elsewhere. The temple holds a collection of esoteric Buddhist art which was traditionally used in teaching the salient points in the story of the life of Gautama Buddha.

</doc>
<doc id="20835929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835929" title="Santa Margarita Mountains">
Santa Margarita Mountains

The Santa Margarita Mountains are a mountain range, part of the Santa Ana Mountains, in coastal San Diego County, California. They are bounded on the northwest by San Mateo Creek, on the northeast by Teneja Canyon Creek, on the east by De Luz Creek and on the south by Las Pulgas Canyon. On the southwest they descend into the coastal foothills in the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. Its highest summit is Margarita Peak at an elevation of 3136 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="20835932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835932" title="1999 Ivorian coup d'état">
1999 Ivorian coup d'état

The 1999 Ivorian coup d'état took place on December 24, 1999. It was the first coup d'état since the independence of Côte d'Ivoire.
Background.
Ever since independence in 1960, Côte d'Ivoire had been controlled by Félix Houphouët-Boigny. During the first decades of his rule, Côte d'Ivoire enjoyed economic prosperity and was politically stable. However, the later years of his rule saw the downturn of the Ivorian economy and signs of political instability.
Henri Konan Bédié succeeded as president after Houphouët-Boigny's death in 1993. The economic situation continued to worsen. Bédié was accused of corruption, political repression, and of stripping immigrants from neighboring countries of their political rights by promoting the concept of Ivoirité, which placed in doubt the nationality of many people of foreign origin and caused tension between people from the north and the south of Côte d'Ivoire. Dissatisfaction kept growing.
The coup.
A group of soldiers rebelled on December 23, 1999. Refusing to step down at the soldiers' demand, Bédié was overthrown by a coup d'état the following day. Former army commander Robert Guéï, although not having led the coup d'état, was called out of retirement as head of a National Public Salvation Committee ().
Scattered gunfire were heard around Abidjan. Guéï announced the dissolution of parliament, the former government, the constitutional council and the supreme court. The rebels took control of Abidjan Airport and key bridges, set up checkpoints, and opened prison gates to release political prisoners and other inmates. Mobs took advantage of the power vacuum to hijack cars. Some parts of Abidjan were also looted by soldiers and civilians.
On television, Guéï announced that he had seized power. He also made a television address to the people and foreign diplomatic personnel, in which he gave assurances that democracy would be respected, international agreements would be maintained, the security of Ivorians and non-Ivorians would be guaranteed, missions to foreign countries would be sent to explain the reasons for the coup, and the problems of farmers would be addressed.
Many Ivorians welcomed the coup, saying that they hoped the army would improve Côte d'Ivoire's shaky economic and political circumstances. France, the United States and several African countries, however, condemned the coup and called for a return to civilian rule. Canada suspended all direct aid to Côte d'Ivoire.
There were indications within a few months of the coup that the country was sliding into a pattern of arbitrariness. The Ivorian Human Rights League () issued a condemnation of human rights abuses, charging the security forces, among other things, with summary executions of alleged criminals without investigation and of harassment of commercial entities. Many cases of abuse were committed by the soldiers. Also, soldiers demanded increases in pay or bonus payments, causing many mutinies. The most serious one of these mutinies took place on July 4, 2000. The mutineers targeted the cities of Abidjan, Bouake, Katiola, Korhogo, and Yamoussoukro in particular. After some days of confusion and tension, an agreement was reached between the discontented soldiers and the authorities. Under the agreement, each soldier would receive 1 million CFA francs (about $1400).
Following the mutiny of July 2000, four officials of the Rally of the Republicans () were also arrested during an investigation into a possible coup attempt. The RDR is the party of Alassane Dramane Ouattara, Félix Houphouët-Boigny's last Prime Minister and the political rival of the ousted former president Henri Konan Bédié. The four arrested officials, including Amadou Gon Coulibaly, the Deputy Secretary General of the RDR, were released without charge some days later.
Despite the junta's denunciation of Ivoirité, the campaign against people of foreign origin continued. In April 2000, Robert Guéï expelled the representatives of the RDR from the government. A new constitution, approved by referendum on July 23, 2000, controversially barred all presidential candidates other than those whose parents were Ivorian, and Ouattara was disqualified from the 2000 presidential election.
The tension between people from the north and the south still remained unsolved, as many people in the north are of foreign origin. Discrimination toward people originating in neighboring countries is one of the cause of the Ivorian Civil War, which broke out in 2002.
A presidential election was held on October 22, 2000. All of the major opposition candidates except for Laurent Koudou Gbagbo of the Ivorian Popular Front (FPI) were barred from standing. Guéï was defeated by Gbagbo but refused to recognize the result. Ouattara, excluded from this election, called for a new election. Street protests broke out, bringing Gbagbo to power, and Guéï fled to Gouessesso, near the Liberian border. Laurent Gbagbo took office as president on October 26, 2000.
On November 13, Guéï recognised the legitimacy of the presidency of Gbagbo. On December 10, 2000, parliamentary elections were held and won by Gbagbo's Ivorian Popular Front. However, the election was not held in northern Côte d'Ivoire because of the unrest related to the election boycott by the DRD until the by-election on January 14, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20835934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835934" title="2007 Arab Futsal Championship">
2007 Arab Futsal Championship

The 2007 Arab Futsal Championship is the 3rd Championship and it took place in Tripoli, Libya from January 10 to January 20, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20835947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835947" title="Ted Odenwald">
Ted Odenwald

Theodore Joseph Odenwald (January 4, 1902 – October 23, 1965) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians for ten games during the 1921 Cleveland Indians season and one game during the 1922 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20835966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835966" title="Clarence H. Blackall">
Clarence H. Blackall

Clarence Howard Blackall (1857–1942) was an American architect who is estimated to have designed 300 theatres.
He was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1857. He attended college at the University of Illinois School of Architecture, graduating with a B.S. in 1877, and received training at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He arrived in Boston, Massachusetts in 1882, where he was recognized for both his architectural innovations and his designs of significant Boston landmarks including the Colonial Theatre, Wilbur Theatre, Modern and Metropolitan (now the Wang Center for Performing Arts) theatres.
Blackall was a senior member of the Boston architectural firm Blackall, Clapp and Whittemore, and in 1889 he helped establish the Boston Architectural College as a club for local architects and as a training program for draftsman.
He designed the 1894 Carter Winthrop Building, which was the first steel frame structure in the city of Boston. In addition to its innovative technology, the structure also used terra cotta trim and featured a dramatic, deep, and overhanging cornice. Blackall is also credited with designing the Copley Plaza Hotel, the Foellinger Auditorium (1907) on the University of Illinois campus, as well as the Little Building (1917) at Emerson College on the site of the Pelham Hotel (1857), the "first apartment house in any city along the Atlantic seaboard of the United States" according to noted architectural historian Walter Muir Whitehill. Blackall also designed Lowell, Massachusetts' first steel frame building, the ten story Sun Building (1912-1914).
Opened in 1908 and designed by Blackall, the Gaiety Theatre was one of the only theatres in New England that would allow African Americans to perform vaudeville. It was also the first of Blackall's theatres to use a large steel girder to support the balcony, eliminating the need for architectural columns. Blackall was also responsible for Nathan H. Gordon's Olympia Theatre design, which opened as a film and vaudeville theatre on May 6, 1912.
Blackall died in Concord, Massachusetts on March 5, 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20835968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835968" title="Thomas Plunket, 2nd Baron Plunket">
Thomas Plunket, 2nd Baron Plunket

The Right Reverend Thomas Span Plunket, 2nd Baron Plunket (1792–1866), was Bishop of Tuam, Killaly and Achonry.
Plunket was the first son of William Plunket, 1st Baron Plunket and his wife, Catherine (née McCausland). He was educated at St John's College, Cambridge. He served as Dean of Down from 1831 to 1839 before being elevated to the episcopy as Bishop of Tuam, Killala and Achonry in 1839, a position he held until his death in 1866. He moved to live on a private estate at Tourmakeady, where he evicted many Catholic families for not sending their children to the Protestant school. In 1852 he built a Protestant church in the vicinity.
On the death of his father in 1854, he became the 2nd Baron Plunket. On his death, he was succeeded as Baron Plunket by his younger brother. His middle name is taken from his maternal grandmother, Elizabeth (née Span). He was buried in the churchyard of his now ruined church at Tourmakeady.
Family.
On 26 October 1819, Plunket married Louisa-Jane (1798–1893), 2nd daughter of John William Foster of Fanevalley, County Louth.
Their children were:

</doc>
<doc id="20835971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20835971" title="Leo Moon">
Leo Moon

Leo Moon (June 22, 1899 – August 25, 1970) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for one season. He pitched 5⅔ innings in one game for the Cleveland Indians during the 1932 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20836034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836034" title="To Catch a Killer">
To Catch a Killer

To Catch a Killer is a two-part television film from 1992, directed by Eric Till and starring Brian Dennehy and Michael Riley. It is based on the true story of the pursuit of American serial killer John Wayne Gacy.
Plot.
As he investigates the missing person report of a teenager named Chris Gant (a character based on Gacy's genuine final victim, Robert Piest), Des Plaines, IL detective Lt. Joe Kozenczak (Riley) becomes concerned that local businessman John Wayne Gacy (Dennehy) may be responsible for this and well as many other disappearances. However, when he and his team are ready to arrest Gacy, their evidence is viewed as being circumstantial. Worst of all, everyone (including Konzenczak's superiors) view Gacy as a respectable pillar of society. Meanwhile, Gacy himself begins a sadistic game of cat-and-mouse as he tries in every way to manipulate and outwit the police.
After eventually achieving two search warrants, Konzenczak finds a large amount of incriminating evidence, as well as 29 bodies buried throughout John Gacy's property; the remaining 4 are found dumped in a nearby river, including Gant's remains. Afterwards, he is charged with the rape and murder of 33 boys and young men and convicted, being sentenced to death.
Impact/Reception.
The film was broadcast in three countries, the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. In general, the film was received well by critics. As a result, Brian Dennehy was nominated for an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Special". In addition, actor Michael Riley and director Eric Till were both nominated for two individual Gemini Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20836044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836044" title="Ryan Tedder discography">
Ryan Tedder discography

This is the full discography of American singer-songwriter and record producer Ryan Tedder.
As performer.
With OneRepublic.
Tedder is a founding member of OneRepublic, an American band.
As producer.
"Note: This chart features Tedder's work according to the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) database only. Some songs, names of the performers and complete info on Tedder's work on any song may be missing or duplicated."

</doc>
<doc id="20836057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836057" title="Darwin Bonilla">
Darwin Bonilla

Darwin Doronis Bonilla Salgado (born 6 August 1990 in Chirilagua, El Salvador) is a former Salvadoran footballer who last played for C.D. Águila in the Salvadoran Premier League.
Club career.
Bonilla's professional career began in July 2008 when he signed a contract with Salvadoran national league club, C.D. Águila, after he had already joined them 2 years earlier from Dragón.
He made his professional debut on September 13, 2008, in a league match against C.D. Vista Hermosa, and scored his first goal on November 5 that same year in a league match against C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo.
On September 20, 2013, Bonilla was one of 14 Salvadoran players banned for life due to their involvement with match fixing.

</doc>
