<doc id="20747945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747945" title="Mid Valley School District">
Mid Valley School District

Mid Valley School District is a small school district located in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, comprising the communities of Olyphant, Dickson City, and Throop. The district operates two schools: Mid Valley Elementary Center (grades K-5) and Mid Valley Secondary Center (grades 6-12). Mid Valley School District encompasses approximately 15 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 15,193. Per school district officials, in school year 2005-06 the Mid Valley School District provided basic educational services to 1,674 pupils through the employment of 114 teachers, 76 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 6 administrators.
History of the district.
Prior to 1969 each town within the district had operated its own schools. Due to dwindling populations due to the decline of anthracite mining in the region the towns combined to form the Mid Valley School District and combine the student population of for the 1969-1970 school year. The name picked for the district "Mid Valley" comes from the fact that the three towns are considered to be in the middle of the Lackawanna Valley and the area of the three towns (along with Blakely, Jessup, sometimes Archbald) are often referred to as the Mid Valley Region.
For the 1969-70 school year and throughout most of the 1970s, the district population utilized several school buildings scattered across the three boroughs. Problems ranging from lack of heat in the winter months, structural problems and a fire that severely damaged the structure of one of the Dickson City buildings plagued the new district throughout much of the first decade.
While plans for a new high school for grades 7-12 were underway on Underwood Road in Throop, existing buildings in the district had to be closed, even with trailers brought in to serve as additional classroom space, the district had to eventually result in forced half-day sessions in the late 1970s and until the opening of the new Mid Valley Secondary Center in the fall of 1981.
1981 - 1989.
In September 1981, the new high school building was finally opened at its present location at 52 Underwood Road in Throop. The new building housed grades 7 - 12 and was named Mid Valley Secondary Center. With the opening of the new building, Mid Valley Intermediate Center (grades 4 - 6) moved into the building formerly occupied by the senior high school in Olyphant and grades K-3 were Mid Valley Primary Center, housed in the remaining school building in Dickson City.
The land chosen for the new district building was, at the time a rather remote section of Throop which was mostly wooded which allowed for expansion as a large parcel of land was bought by the district. Spartan Stadium, the track and football field, as well as an open sports field and baseball/softball fields were set up at the opposite end of the property from the new building, which was adjacent to Underwood Road. A field house was recently added to the sports complex.
Plans were made to build another building to house both the primary and intermediate students on the district land adjacent to the Secondary Center. The new building was opened for the start of the 1989-1990 school year for students in grades K-6.
1989 to present.
Due to increases in student population from recent housing developments, the elementary school building was expanded in the early 1990s. Mid Valley Secondary Center was expanded in the early 2000s
A Mid Valley School District substitute van driver was taken for drug and alcohol testing after another adult in the vehicle called school officials to report smelling an alcoholic beverage.http://thetimes-tribune.com/news/mid-valley-school-van-driver-taken-for-drug-and-alcohol-testing-1.747113
Van driver, Jennifer O'Rourke of Throop was charged with drunken driving while transporting students home from school. She was involved in a minor accident while driving back to a school to pick up more students and failed field sobriety tests given by Throop police in a school parking lot.http://thetimes-tribune.com/news/mid-valley-school-van-driver-taken-for-drug-and-alcohol-testing-1.747113
Academic achievement.
Mid Valley School District was ranked 360th out of 498 Pennsylvania School Districts in 2013 by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on the last three years of student academic performance based on the PSSA's on: reading, mathematics, writing and science.
In 2013, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" also reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. Mid Valley School District ranked 420th. In 2012, the District was ranked 392nd. The editor describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
According to an Institute for Public Policy & Economic Development Report, in 2008, the academic achievement in reading and mathematics of Mid Valley School District students was the lowest among all Lackawanna County public school districts. Additionally, the Institute found that Mid Valley students performed poorly on the state's writing tests. The students scores were below county averages for four school years (2006-2009) for 5th, 8th and 11th graders.
In 2012 and 2011, Mid Valley School District achieved AYP status. In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of Pennsylvania public school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. Mid Valley School District achieved AYP status each year from 2006 to 2010.
Graduation rate.
In 2012, Mid Valley School District’s graduation rate declined to 87%. In 2011, the graduation rate was 91%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Mid Valley High School's rate was 90% for 2010.
Graduation requirements.
The Mid Valley School Board has determined that students must earn 30 credits to graduate, including: English 4 credits, Math 4 credits, Social Studies 4 credits, Science 4 credits, Physical Education/Health 2 credit, Humanities 2 credits, Enrichment 2 credits and Electives 5 credits.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. At Midd Valley School District the student's project focuses on career and community and may include community service or career shadowing. Completing the project provides the student with 1 credit towards graduation. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. For the class of 2019, a composition exam will be added. For the class of 2020, passing a civics and government exam will be added to the graduation requirements. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
Mid Valley Secondary Center.
Located at 52 Underwood Road in Throop, Pennsylvania. The building, opened in 1981 was expanded recently to provide a separate space for the younger students in seventh and eighth grades who had historically clashed with the older high school population. The new addition was named Mid Valley Middle School and has a separate entrance for the younger students, but for all purposes it is the same building as Mid Valley High School (as is denoted over the high school entrance) sharing common staff, teachers, principals and facilities. Starting in the 2007-08 school year, the sixth grade students have moved into the of the secondary center due to overcrowding at Mid Valley Elementary Center. Chad Vinansky is the current principal.
In 2012, Mid Valley High School achieved AYP status. In 2011, Mid Valley High School was in Warning AYP Status due to lagging academic achievement in reading and math.
Science in Motion Mid Valley High School does not take advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. The region is served by Wilkes University.
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 14% of Mid Valley School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $2,456 for the program.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 67 School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 486. The Math average score was 481. The Writing average score was 470. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 82 Mid Valley School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 456. The Math average score was 466. The Writing average score was 436. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Mid Valley Elementary Center.
Located on Underwood Road in Throop, PA, next to the secondary center building. Carlos Lopez is the current principal. In the 2003-04 school year, Mid Valley Elementary scored the top scorer for all NEIU 19 districts on the PSSA state assessments. The building was nicknamed "The Little School" after it was opened to distinguish it from Mid Valley Secondary Center. The school made AYP in 2010. Report Card 2010 [http://paayp.emetric.net/Content/reportcards/RC10S119355503000002423.PDF] The 2010 attendance rate was reported as 95%. In math 78% of the students were on grade level. In reading 68% of the student were on grade level. Only 62% of boys were reading on grade level in 2010.
Special education.
In December 2009, the district administration reported that 283 pupils or 15.3% of the district's pupils received Special Education services.
The District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress. To identify students who may be eligible for special education, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Instructional Support Team or Student Assistance Team. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Special Education Department.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for special education services. The funds were distributed to districts based on a state policy which estimates that 16% of the district's pupils are receiving special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding.
Mid Valley School District received a $825,822 supplement for special education services in 2010.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 14 or 0.76% of its students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility. Through the strategic planning process, the Superintendent must ensure that Mid Valley School District provides a continuum of program and service options to meet the needs of all mentally gifted students for enrichment, acceleration, or both.
Budget.
In 2010, the district and school board were cited by the Pennsylvania Auditor General's Office for significant questionable spending at a national school board convention in Florida. School board members charged costly meals and theme park tickets in addition to other travel spending to the school district.
Several school board members (Shevchik, Rovinsky, Gilgallon, Logan) were found by the PA Ethics Commission to have violated Section 1103(a) of the Public Official and Employee Ethics Act, 65 Pa.C.S. §1103(a). They were required to repay the school district.
In 2009, the district reports employing over 130 teachers with a starting salary of $38,000 for 183 days for pupil instruction. The average teacher salary was $47,205 while the maximum salary was $84,000. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation. Mid Valley teachers are required to work a seven hour day. Additionally, Mid Valley School District teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, long term disability insurance, professional development reimbursement, paid personal days, 10 sick days, and other benefits. Teachers are paid an additional hourly rate, if they are required to work outside of the regular school day. Retirees receive compensation for each unused accumulated sick day. Teachers who serves as department heads and team leaders receive extra compensation. According to State Rep. Glen Grell, a trustee of the Pennsylvania Public School Employees’ Retirement System Board, a 40-year educator can retire with a pension equal to 100 percent of their final salary.
In 2007, the district employed 96 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $44,327 for 183 school days worked.
Mid Valley School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $837.72 per pupil. This ranked 154th out of 500 Pennsylvania School districts. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil.
In 2008, Mid Valley School District reported spending $10,764 per pupil. This ranked 419th in the commonwealth.
In 2009, the district reported $1,544,647 in an unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The designated fund balance was reported as $575,000.
In June 2010, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. Findings were reported to the administration and school board.
The district is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Grants can provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax regardless of the individual's wealth.
State basic education funding.
For 2010-11 the Mid Valley School District received a 9.23% increase in state Basic Education Funding resulting in a $4,106,463 payment. Dunmore School District received the highest increase in BEF in Lackawanna County in 2011. Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County received the highest increase in the state at 23.65% increase in funding for the 2010-11 school year. One hundred fifty school districts received the base 2% increase in 2010-11. The amount of increase each school district receives is determined by the Governor and the Secretary of Education through the allocation set in the state budget proposal made in February each year.
In the 2009-2010 budget year the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 6.83% increase in Basic Education funding for a total of $3,759,370. The state Basic Education funding to the district in 2008-09 was $3,519,152.45. The district also received supplemental funding for English language learners, Title 1 federal funding for low-income students, for district size, a poverty supplement from the commonwealth and more. Scranton School District received the highest increase in Lackawanna County for the 2009-10 school year at 9.46%. Among the 500 school districts in Pennsylvania, Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received the highest with a 22.31% increase in funding.
According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 703 district students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007-2008 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students. For 2010-11 the Mid Valley School District applied for and received $149,426 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The district used the funding to provide tutoring before and after school.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Mid Valley School District received did not apply for any funding in the three years of the grant program. Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania, 447 of them applied for and received Classrooms for the Future grant awards.
Federal Stimulus grant.
The district received an extra $1,106,888 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like Title 1, special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding was for the 2009-10 and 2010-11 school years.
Race to the Top grant.
School district officials did not apply for the Race to the Top federal grant which would have brought the district hover one million dollars in additional federal dollars for improving student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Mid Valley School Board chose to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement any of the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
The Mid Valley School Board set property tax rates in 2013-2014 at 97.56 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections (Local Tax Enabling Act), which are around 15% of revenues for school districts.
The average yearly property tax paid by Lackawanna County residents amounts to about 3.4% of their yearly income. Lackawanna County ranked 413th out of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income. According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not authorized to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Mid Valley School District 2006-2007 through 2010-2011.
Mid Valley School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budgets in 2009-10 or in 2010-11. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2009, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Mid Valley School District was $68 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 3,848 property owners applied for the tax relief. The tax relief was subtracted from the total annual school property on the individual's tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. In Lackawanna County, the highest property tax relief in 2009 was awarded to the approved property owners in Scranton School District at $334. Pennsylvania awarded the highest property tax relief to residents of the Chester-Upland School District in Delaware County at $632 per homestead and farmstead in 2010. This was the second year Chester Upland School District was the top recipient.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently individuals who have income substantially more than $35,000, may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Enrollment.
Mid Valley School District is experiencing low enrollment in K-12. The Pennsylvania Department of Education projects the district's enrollment will be less than 2400 pupils through 2018. Shifting population trends across the U.S. and Pennsylvania are affecting school enrollment. Over the next 10 years, rural Pennsylvania school enrollment is projected to decrease 8 percent. The most significant enrollment decline is projected to be in western Pennsylvania, where rural school districts may have a 16 percent decline. More than 40 percent of elementary schools and more than 60 percent of secondary schools in western Pennsylvania are projected to experience significant enrollment decreases (15 percent or greater).
A study done by Standard and Poors in 2007 (at the request of the PA General Assembly) examined whether the consolidation of small school district's administrations would yield saving where the resulting district had approximately 3000 pupils. Superintendent were asked about savings, if their district were to merge with another district at the administrative level only, but not close any of their schools. It found 42% of survey respondents thought consolidation could achieve cost reductions. Additionally, 63% of responding superintendents believed that consolidation with another district would help provide additional academic enrichment opportunities for the students. In March 2011, the Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants Fiscal Responsibility Task Force released a report which found that consolidating school district administrations with one neighboring district would save the Commonwealth $1.2 billion without forcing the consolidation of any schools.
Pennsylvania has one of the highest numbers of school districts in the nation. In Pennsylvania, 80% of the school districts serve student populations under 5,000, and 40% serve less than 2,000. Less than 95 of Pennsylvania's 501 school districts have enrollment below 1250 students, in 2007.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility to participate is determined by school board policy.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Athletics.
Mid Valley Secondary Center has teams in the following areas: 
Football - Varsity and Freshman teams. All freshmen play on the freshman team, who are then encouraged to join the varsity team for their sophomore year. 
Cross Country - Varsity and Junior High. The Varsity team is considered all the high school students (grade 9 - 12), the junior high team historically has been grades 7 and 8. 
Soccer - originally introduced with a co-ed team, there are now separate teams for boys and girls. 
Golf
Basketball - For Boys set up similarly to the football team with a separate freshman team, additionally teams exist for 7th and 8th grade boys. For girls, one team exists for high school students and separate teams for junior high and elementary students. The Mid Valley boys varsity team won the Pete Turonis championship for the first time in 29 years. 
Baseball - Varsity, Freshman and junior high teams
Softball - Varsity, Junior Varsity and Junior high teams 
Track & Field - Varsity and Junior high teams for both genders 
Tennis - Varsity teams for both genders. Females play in the Fall and males play in the Spring <br>
Cheerleading
The historic rivals of the Mid Valley Spartans are the neighboring Valley View Cougars. An unofficial rivalry also exists with Holy Cross High School. During football season or when a team advances in the playoffs it is common to see the downtowns of all three towns adorned with blue and white ribbons and "Luv Ya Spartans" signs in business windows.
Student activities.
The student paper for the Secondary Center is "The Spartan Outlook" and is staffed by high school students in journalism electives. Mrs. Patricia Powell is currently the chairperson of the English Department and of the award-winning scholastic newspaper,"The Spartan Outlook." 
Other popular student activities at the secondary center include Leo Club, Mock Trial, Spartan Pride (equivalent to a booster club), National Honors Society, student council, drama, and yearbook. 
The Mid Valley Drama Club presents full-scaled musicals under the direction of Mrs. Patricia Powell. Many students continued on a professional acting, dancing, or singing careers, including Michael McIlwee, who recently performed in "The Music Man," and "A Chorus Line." Gia Mazur, Matt Rinkunas, and Joe O'Malley with the acclaimed band One Hot Mess, Angel Buckley, and Brad Louryk. Club alumna Michelle O'Malley has launched a career as an acting coach. In May 2013, the Drama Club staged an original musical, "War Bonds", written by the director, Patricia Powell. The story focuses on a veteran suffering from early-stage PTSD. With the help of veterans from various wars and conflicts, the lead character, played by Dane Hill, finds peace with himself, his country, and his family. The performance marks the 27th year that Mrs. Powell has been the director of the theater.
Additionally, a statistically large number of students enter the Pennsylvania Junior Academy of Science Competition and compete at both the regional and state level.
Spirit Week, typically held in the Fall of each year is a popular student event that includes athletic competitions, as well as bake-offs and also has themed days. Many senior classes have traditionally gone to Orlando, Florida, on a week-long class trip in the spring. However, in the early 2000s the number of seniors participating decreased due to the cost of the trip and suspending the trip has been discussed. In 2008; however, the administration added an additional all expenses paid trip to Florida for the administration. The trip during the 2008 year cost the district and taxpayers approximately $36,000.00 breaking down to about $5,000 per person. Randy Parry had the most expenses to the district. Attending members included board President John Gilgallon, Deborah Shevchik, Thomas Logan, Lisa Rovinsky, Mary Ruth Tanner and Mark Runco. High school Principal Randy Parry also attended. Directors Jerry Barone and Ken Novack did not attend. Director Eric Pusey had almost all his expenses reimbursed by the NEIU, so his expenses are not included in the $36,000 total. Randy Parry, High School principal at the time, was later promoted to district superintendent.

</doc>
<doc id="20747946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747946" title="Pseudotrichonotus">
Pseudotrichonotus

Pseudotrichonotus is a small genus of aulopiform fish consisting of just two species, commonly called sandliving lizardfishes or sand-diving lizardfishes. This is the only genus in the family Pseudotrichonotidae.
As their scientific name suggests, they physically resemble the sandfish (genus "Trichonotus"). They are small fish, about long, living on sandy sea floors in the southeastern Pacific, and are related to the true lizardfishes.
Species.
The currently recognized species in this genus are: 

</doc>
<doc id="20747953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747953" title="2008 Japan Golf Tour">
2008 Japan Golf Tour

The 2008 Japan Golf Tour season was played from April 17 to December 7. The season consisted of 24 official money events in Japan, one in China, as well as the four majors and the three World Golf Championships.
Tournament results.
The following table shows all the official money events in Japan and Asia for the 2008 season. The number in brackets after each winner's name is the number of Japan Golf Tour events he had won up to and including that tournament. This information is only shown for Japan Golf Tour members.
Leaders.
Money List leaders
Full list
Scoring Average leaders
Full list

</doc>
<doc id="20747961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747961" title="OPPI">
OPPI

OPPI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20747965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747965" title="Tasmania Tomorrow">
Tasmania Tomorrow

Tasmania Tomorrow is a Tasmanian-government initiative which aims to improve the post-secondary education experience of Tasmanians. The initiative commenced 1 January 2009, and includes restructuring Senior Secondary Colleges and TAFE Tasmania. It is anticipated that the restructuring will be complete by the start of the 2011 school year.
The institutes created by this initiative are:
Implementation.
A project team in the Department of Education was responsible for implementing this initiative through to the 'start up' of the three new organisations in January 2009. Members of the project team were drawn from TAFE Tasmania, the Department of Education including Senior Secondary Colleges, and Skills Tasmania.
A project steering committee was established to oversee the project. This committee was chaired by the Secretary of the Department of Education and included representatives from both TAFE Tasmania and the Department of Education.
Working groups were established to work on key issues such as educational programs, employee relations, logistics, funding and business models.
Other groups were established to provide advice to the steering committee including a leaders group consisting of all college principals and senior Department of Education and TAFE Tasmania staff, and a Guaranteeing Futures Reference Group to provide advice on issues affecting young people including transition to the new organisations.
Timeline.
Following the consultation period (June – October 2007), the Tasmanian government decided to transition to the Tasmania Tomorrow model. The Tasmanian Academy, Tasmanian Polytechnic and the Tasmanian Skills Institute commenced operations during January 2009.
Beginning in 2009, Hobart, Hellyer, Don and Newstead Colleges changed to the new structure. Initially all of these colleges have a campus of the Tasmanian Academy and Tasmanian Polytechnic located on site.
Other colleges will change to the new structures over the next 2 years with all colleges completing transition by 2011. TAFE Tasmania was split to create the Tasmanian Skills Institute and the Tasmanian Polytechnic.
Restructure of colleges.
The Tasmanian Academy.
This institute is for students aiming to go to university. It has a pre-tertiary focus where students can develop their capacity for thinking, enterprise, communication, IT and life skills. It is connected to future careers, particularly in a Tasmanian context.
The academy is governed by representation from professional bodies, university, the arts, business, industry and parents. It attracts industry and business sponsorship, and has scholarship programs to assist students, particularly those from rural and remote areas.
Restructure of TAFE Tasmania.
The Tasmanian Polytechnic.
The Tasmanian Polytechnic link title offers a wide range of learning and career options to prepare students for employment. Students can work towards a Tasmanian Certificate of Education, choose to go on to university or earn a nationally recognised qualification. Campuses are located throughout the state.
The Tasmanian Skills Institute.
The Tasmanian Skills Institute commenced operations in 2009, and focuses on training for Apprentices/Trainees and up-skilling existing workers. The Tasmanian Skills Institute partners with businesses to provide workforce skills development and improve the productivity and prosperity of businesses.
Training is flexible, customised to specific needs and extends across all industry sectors. Workshops are held in the workplace, at a campus, or online. The Tasmanian Skills Institute also offers recognition of workers existing skills.
The Tasmanian Skills Institute supports the following industry skills groups: Allied Construction Trades, Plumbing & Gas, Automotive, Business, Construction, Cookery, Electrotechnology, Food Processing, Hair & Beauty, Community Services and Health, Licensed Skills, Metals & Manufacturing, Mining, Natural Resources, Tourism & Hospitality and Workplace Learning Services.
Problems.
The Polytechnic, Academy and Skills Institute were established in a solid attempt to improve retention of students within the educational system after year 10. The old education system was criticized for not working for all students, as Tasmania has one of the lowest post year 10 and 11 retention rates in Australia.
It was considered that rapid change was required to deliver more positive outcomes for students, the local economy and Tasmania. Tasmania Tomorrow hopes to deliver an educational experience which focuses on engaging all students. 
The Tasmania tomorrow program has received harsh criticism by the media and the teachers association of Tasmania. The intensity of criticism seen in the first year of reform is gaining momentum as the new system becomes shows signs that the changes have been poorly implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="20747974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747974" title="Wildlife Services">
Wildlife Services

Wildlife Services is the program that provides Federal leadership and skill to resolve wildlife interactions that threaten public health and safety, as well as agricultural, property, and natural resources. The program is part of the United States Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS). 
Wildlife Services is tasked with protecting those resources from damage or threats posed by wildlife. It works in every state to conduct a program of integrated wildlife damage management in response to local requests. Wildlife damage management is a specialized field within the wildlife management profession.
History and Mission.
Wildlife Services’ goals and objectives have evolved significantly since its establishment in 1895 as part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. At first the program focused on rodent management and predator control activities. Although its mission and legal authority have not changed, the range of activities has increased over time due to changing social needs. 
Wildlife Services was formerly known (until 1997) as Animal Damage Control (ADC). From 1939 until 1985, Wildlife Services was part of the U.S. Department of the Interior. It returned to USDA, where it remains as part of APHIS, the agency whose mission is to protect the health and value of U.S. agriculture, natural and other resources. 
The program is committed to the principle that wildlife is a publicly owned resource held in trust and carefully managed by state and federal agencies.
Responding to increasingly diverse requests for assistance, Wildlife Services has expanded its operational and research activities beyond its early emphasis on rabies and rodent control and livestock protection. Current programs now include threatened and endangered species conservation, the protection of public health and safety, wildlife disease surveillance and monitoring, research efforts emphasizing nonlethal methods, and other activities and programs. Wildlife Services plays a vital role in the Nation’s efforts to eliminate the negative environmental effects of invasive species. 
The program’s mission is to provide Federal leadership among many groups to address wildlife-related problems in a science-based manner. Its primary statutory authorities are found in two acts of Congress: The Act of March 2, 1931, (46 Stat. 1468; 7 U.S.C. 426-426b) as amended, and The Act of December 22, 1987 (101 Stat. 1329-331, 7 U.S.C. 426c). 
In many situations, the individual or institution requesting assistance, the cooperator, contributes financially to the management activity conducted by Wildlife Services. Congressional appropriations fund some programs and projects, such as surveillance for disease. Many operational activities are partnerships with local, state and other federal agencies. 
Wildlife Services promotes an integrated wildlife damage management approach. That means conflicts are resolved by using a wide variety of methods to protect the valued property or agricultural resource, such as excluding wildlife from access and managing wildlife. Its staff responds to more than 200,000 human–wildlife interactions annually. Most are resolved using nonlethal methods including habitat modification, repellents, noise- and light-devices, and altered animal husbandry practices. It offers training to individuals and businesses.
The cost for Wildlife Services operational activities is shared, using federal funds and those supplied by the recipients of services. In FY10, more than one-third of Wildlife Services operational funds protected human health and safety (35%). Agricultural resources protection accounted for 40 percent, with remaining work protecting natural resources and property. Projects were conducted on local, Tribal or state lands (41%), private property (32%) and federal lands (27%).
Wildlife damage management can engender controversy, often around the use of lethal controls. Most wildlife encountered in damage situations (80.1%) are dispersed. Removal of non-native species, such as European starlings, feral swine and nutria, account for most of the animals removed. A 20-member National Wildlife Services Advisory Committee, appointed by the Secretary of Agriculture, advises the program and serves as a public forum.
Programs.
The Wildlife Services Operational Program provides wildlife damage management assistance to the public, and is administered through two Regional Offices (Fort Collins, CO and Raleigh, NC) as well as State and District Offices in the 50 states, District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Guam. Program wildlife biologists provide technical advice and direct management assistance to individuals with problems related to wildlife. The public may access Wildlife Services assistance by calling 1-800/4USDA-WS (1-866-487-3297).
The Airport Wildlife Hazards Program provides leadership in addressing the conditions that contribute to aircraft-wildlife strikes throughout the Country. It works with the civil and military aviation community, specifically airports, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) to minimize wildlife strikes to aircraft and protect public safety. 
The National Environmental Program ensures that program activities comply with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), which requires federal agencies to evaluate environmental impacts within their decision-making processes. It ensures that environmental information is available to public officials and citizens before making decisions and taking actions. To fulfill this responsibility, Wildlife Services prepares analyses of the environmental effects of program activities. 
The National Rabies Management Program, a multi-agency cooperative program led by Wildlife Services, implements a coordinated program to contain and eventually manage rabies in wildlife. With partners, the program conducts rabies control efforts in 25 states, including distributing oral rabies vaccination (ORV) and/or conducting enhanced wildlife rabies surveillance. The focus is on specific rabies virus strains in raccoons, coyotes, gray foxes, and feral dogs. It works closely with the Centers for Disease Control and Canadian and Mexican partners through the North American Rabies Management Plan. 
The National Wildlife Disease Program safeguards agricultural trade by conducting surveillance activities in all 50 states in partnership with other organizations and promotes development of wildlife disease monitoring programs worldwide. It's Surveillance and Emergency Response System is the country’s only comprehensive, nationally coordinated system with the capability of addressing diseases in wildlife. Its wildlife disease biologists can mobilize and arrive on-site within 48 hours of a request. The program represents APHIS’ first line of defense against wildlife diseases that can move to humans and livestock.
The National Wildlife Research Center (NWRC) is devoted to resolving problems caused by the interaction of wild animals and society. NWRC applies scientific expertise to develop practical methods to resolve these problems and to maintain the quality of environments shared with wildlife. It evaluates damage situations and develops methods and tools to reduce or eliminate damage and resolve land-use conflicts. NWRC scientists study birds, mammalian predators, rodents, and other wildlife that cause serious, but localized, damage problems. It conducts studies to ensure that the methods developed are biologically sound, effective, safe, economical, and socially responsible. NWRC scientists produce the appropriate methods, technology, and materials for reducing animal damage. Through the publication of results and the exchange of technical information, NWRC provides valuable data and expertise to the public and the scientific community, as well as to APHIS's Wildlife Services program.

</doc>
<doc id="20747975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747975" title="Shiori Asahi">
Shiori Asahi


</doc>
<doc id="20747981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747981" title="Minuscule 34">
Minuscule 34

Minuscule 34 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A19 (Von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 10th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels with three lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, 22 lines per page, on 469 parchment leaves (). It is elegantly written. The headpieces and the initial letters are ornamented with colours.
The leaves 1-3 were supplied by a later hand, with "Homilien" of Psellus.
The text is surrounded by a catena (in Mark of Victorinus). Text of Mark 16:8-20 has not a commentary. Catena is similar to that of 194.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 241 Sections, the last section in 16:20), but there are no references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables, prolegomena, pictures, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, with numbers of στιχοι, and pictures (portraits of the four Evangelists).
The commentary of Victorinus in Gospel of Mark, from the same original as in codex 39.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V. It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
It lacks . The text of the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is marked as a doubtful. It has note at the margin: "mais c'est une erreur. None avone verifie le passage avec soin et cette note n'y existe nulle part".
It contains text of Luke 22:43-44 without obelus or asterisk, but it has questionable scholion at the margin.
History.
The manuscript was dated by Scholz and Martin to the 10th century. It is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The manuscript was written on the Mount Athos, it belonged to the Stavronikita monastery. It was brought by Pierre Seguier to France and became part of the Fonds Coislin.
The manuscript was examined and described by Montfaucon, Wettstein, Scholz, Tischendorf, Paulin Martin, and Burgon. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Coislin Gr. 195) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20748028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748028" title="St. Patrick's Church, Patrington">
St. Patrick's Church, Patrington

St. Patrick's Church, Patrington is a parish church in the Church of England located in Patrington, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The church is a Grade I listed building.
History.
The church dates to the medieval era.
It is commonly known as the Queen of Holderness.
The church, an extensive edifice, situated in the centre of the town, is the handsomest in Holderness. It is dedicated to St. Patrick, and is valued in the Liber Regis at £22. Patron, the master and fellows of Clare hall, Cambridge. In plan, this church comprises a nave and aisles, transepts and aisles, and a spacious chancel, with a tower and lofty spire* in the centre. The west front is made into three divisions by buttresses, those at the angles being double, and all finished with square pinnacles, ending in pyramidal caps, with crockets and finials. This front rises to an apex, and on it is a foliated cross. The centre window is large, of five lights, with a transom, the sweep of the arch filled with elegant tracery. In each of the front aisles is a pointed window of two lights, and in the sweep of the arch three trefoils conjoined. The nave is made into four divisions by buttresses, similar to those in the west front; three of these divisions have windows similar to the west front, and in the second division from the west is a large projecting porch, in two stories: at the angles are double buttresses, and in the lower story is a pointed arched entrance. The whole of this part of the church is finished with a string-course and parapet. Some of the buttresses have grotesque gargoyles, of full-length human figures, making a singular appearance.
Parish status.
The church is part of a group of parishes which includes:
Organ.
The organ was built by Forster and Andrews in 1891. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20748030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748030" title="Olle Larsson">
Olle Larsson

Olof "Olle" Hindrik Larsson (June 21, 1928 – January 13, 1960) was a Swedish rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Torsö and died in Trollhättan.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Swedish boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event. He was also part of the Swedish boat which finished fourth in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20748057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748057" title="Biatorellaceae">
Biatorellaceae

The Biatorellaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. The family is monotypic, and contains the single genus Biatorella. Species are found in northern temperate regions, especially in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20748058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748058" title="Calycidiaceae">
Calycidiaceae

The Calycidiaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. It is a monotypic family, containing the sole genus Calycidium, which contains two species: the type "C. cuneatum", known from Australia and New Zealand, and "C. polycarpum", found in Argentina, Australia, Chile, and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20748059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748059" title="Catillariaceae">
Catillariaceae

The Catillariaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution, especially in temperate areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20748060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748060" title="Crocyniaceae">
Crocyniaceae

The Crocyniaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. This is a monotypic family with the sole genus Crocynia], which has primarily a tropical distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20748061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748061" title="Dactylosporaceae">
Dactylosporaceae

The Dactylosporaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. This is a monotypic family, containing the sole genus Dactylospora, which has a wide distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20748064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748064" title="Gypsoplacaceae">
Gypsoplacaceae

The Gypsoplacaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. This is a monotypic family, containing the single genus Gypsoplaca, which has a widespread distribution. "Gypsoplaca" is also monotypic, with the sole species Gypsoplaca macrophylla.

</doc>
<doc id="20748065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748065" title="Harry Fielder">
Harry Fielder

Harry Fielder (born 26 April 1940 in Islington, London) is an English actor and supporting artist who has worked extensively in British films and television since the 1960s.
Despite being based entirely in Britain, Harry has appeared in a large number of American films, due to filming taking place partly or entirely in Britain. His film credits include "", "McVicar", "Highlander" and "Oliver!".
Harry has appeared in a wide range of TV shows including "Doctor Who", "Blake's 7", "Shoestring", "The Sweeney", "Minder" and "The Professionals".
Harry co-presented "CBTV", a Thames TV programme for younger viewers, in the 1980s where he played the Security Guard, Harry, who Jim Sweeney and Steve Steen would have to sneak past on the gates of Teddington Studios.
He is sometimes credited as Harry H. Fielder or Harry Aitch Fielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20748066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748066" title="Haematommataceae">
Haematommataceae

The Haematommataceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. This is a monotypic family, containing the single genus Haematomma, which has a widespread distribution in tropical and temperate areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20748067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748067" title="Lecanoraceae">
Lecanoraceae

The Lecanoraceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20748068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748068" title="Megalariaceae">
Megalariaceae

The Megalariaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20748069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748069" title="Miltideaceae">
Miltideaceae

The Miltideaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. This is a monotypic family, containing the single genus Miltidea that is known only from Sri Lanka and Australasia.

</doc>
<doc id="20748079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748079" title="Pilocarpaceae">
Pilocarpaceae

The Pilocarpaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. The species of this family have a cosmopolitan distribution and have been found in a variety of climatic regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20748081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748081" title="Psoraceae">
Psoraceae

The Psoraceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20748082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748082" title="Language exchange (Austrian education)">
Language exchange (Austrian education)

Language exchange () is an option of language learning offered by the School Education Act in Austria. If a curriculum of a school includes both mandatory foreign language instruction and classes in the student's native language which is not German, then the student's first language is graded according to the standards for the official language of instruction (German). This practice is not widespread. 

</doc>
<doc id="20748084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748084" title="Ramalinaceae">
Ramalinaceae

The Ramalinaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. The family name is synonymous with the name "Bacidiaceae". Species of this family have a widespread distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20748087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748087" title="Scoliciosporaceae">
Scoliciosporaceae

The Scoliciosporaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales.

</doc>
<doc id="20748089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748089" title="Sphaerophoraceae">
Sphaerophoraceae

The Sphaerophoraceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution, especially in southern temperate regions. The genus contains 5 genera and 32 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20748092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748092" title="Stereocaulaceae">
Stereocaulaceae

The Stereocaulaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. Species of this family are widely distributed in temperate boreal and austral regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20748121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748121" title="Appalachian Gospel">
Appalachian Gospel

Appalachian Gospel is the sixth studio album by singer Stella Parton.
Track listing.
The track listing is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20748132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748132" title="William W. Murdoch">
William W. Murdoch

William W. Murdoch (born 1939) is a Charles A. Storke II professor of population ecology at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Over the years, his research has focused primarily on the subjects of population regulation, predator-prey dynamics, and biological control. He has also contributed extensively to understanding the scientific and socioeconomic ramifications caused by human overpopulation and environmental degradation. He was the recipient of the 1990 Robert H. MacArthur Award granted by the Ecological Society of America.
Education.
William W. Murdoch received his bachelor's of science degree in zoology (with honors) at the University of Glasgow. After graduation, he headed to the University of Oxford to study insect population dynamics at the Bureau of Animal Population under Charles Sutherland Elton. Upon obtaining his doctorate in population ecology, Murdoch won a Guggenheim Fellowship that allowed him to undertake postdoctoral research at the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor.
Professional Appointments.
In 1965, Murdoch joined the faculty of the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he has conducted research until the present. He has held visiting professorships at various universities around the world including the University of California, Berkeley, the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, and University College London. Murdoch has also been a McMaster Fellow in Australia, a Miller Research Professor at the University of California, Berkeley, director of the University of California Natural Reserve System, and editor in chief of the journal "Issues in Ecology".
Research.
Murdoch's main research studies focus on understanding what regulates populations in abundance. He is interested in the mechanisms that maintain the stability of interacting consumer and resource populations when the consumer keeps the resource population far below the level set by its resources. His research objective is to develop models of particular systems, do experiments to understand these systems and test these models, as well as to develop more general theory. Two experimental systems are used in Murdoch's research: the "Aphytis"-California Red Scale and daphnia-algae systems. Murdoch's work in biological control has been instrumental in demonstrating that stability of parasitoid-host interactions in pest control can be achieved by non-equilibrium mechanisms.
Selected Books.
Poverty of Nations
In "The Poverty of Nations: the Political Economy of Hunger and Population", Murdoch concludes that populations are irresponsibly expanding in a finite world and that this has put the planet at risk of exhausting its resources and of destroying its fundamental life support systems. The great challenge ahead, he notes, will be to make possible the control of population size and growth. A bottom-up approach, nonetheless, will be required to ensure success in this task. Profound changes to the sociopolitical infrastructure of the less developed countries must be achieved, with joint cooperation from the developed world, to guarantee that high fertility is no longer the inevitable outcome of the conditions in which people live in poor nations.
Environment
In "Environment", William W. Murdoch synthesizes a collection of environmental studies aimed at instructing new generations of ecology students. He was prompted to work on the subject by an over accumulation of data that resulted from the public’s growing interest on environmental problems of the day. The scope of his study focuses primarily on the interplay of science, technology, human values, and institutions that make environmental science not only fascinating, but also relevant to the evolving sociopolitical dynamics of our world. This 1975 book demonstrates how Murdoch’s general theories on population ecology and environmental science were starting to shape up and presents an opportunity for comparison to later works and perspectives.
Selected Articles.
Murdoch, W.W., Chesson, J., and Chesson, P.L. 1985. Biological control in theory and practice. "The American Naturalist" 125: 344-366. [http://eebweb.arizona.edu/Faculty/chesson/Peter/Reprints/1985_Biological%20control%20in%20theory%20and%20practice.pdf]
Murdoch, W. W. 1994. Population regulation in theory and practice. "Ecology" 75: 271-287.[http://artifex.org/~ecoreaders/lit/Murdoch1994.pdf] 
Murdoch, W. W., Luck, R.F., Swarbrick, S.L., Walde, S., Yu, D.S., and Reeve, J.D. 1995. Regulation of an insect population under biological control. "Ecology" 76: 206-217. [http://www.jstor.org/pss/2265696] 
Murdoch, W. W. and Briggs, C.J. 1996. Theory for biological control: Recent developments. "Ecology" 77: 2001-2013.[http://www.esa.org/history/papers/Murdoch_WW_MA.pdf] 
Murdoch, W. W., Briggs, C.J., and Swarbrick, S.L. 2005. Host suppression and stability in a parasitoid-host system: experimental demonstration. "Science" 309: 610-613.[http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/309/5734/610]

</doc>
<doc id="20748139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748139" title="Brodiaea stellaris">
Brodiaea stellaris

Brodiaea stellaris is a species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common name starflower brodiaea.
The bulb is endemic to northern California, where it grows on the serpentine soils of the North California Coast Ranges.
Description.
"Brodiaea stellaris" is a perennial that produces a short inflorescence only a few centimeters tall which bears flowers on pedicels. Each flower has six blue-purple tepals up to 1.5 centimeters long. At the center of the flower are large white sterile stamens called staminodes which surround the distinctive forked fertile stamens.

</doc>
<doc id="20748140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748140" title="Norman Tipton">
Norman Tipton

Norman Tipton is a British actor who worked primarily on television in the 1970s.
Career.
He appeared in the television series "Doctor Who", "Shoestring" and "Yes Minister".
Tipton is also known for appearing in an advertisement for the Hamlet cigar brand.

</doc>
<doc id="20748142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748142" title="1992–93 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1992–93 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1992-93 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 66th season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Three, then the fourth tier of English football, finishing first, winning promotion to Division Two.

</doc>
<doc id="20748163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748163" title="Jean-Louis Pierdait">
Jean-Louis Pierdait

Father Jean-Louis Pierdait was a French priest born at Châtillon-en-Bazois on 27 January 1857 and who died at Fontenelle Abbey on 24 December 1942. He succeeded Father Joseph Pothier as abbot of Saint-Wandrille.

</doc>
<doc id="20748175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748175" title="Feehan">
Feehan

Feehan is an Irish surname.
Feehan may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20748178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748178" title="Feehan (name)">
Feehan (name)

Feehan is an Irish surname. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20748179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748179" title="Did You Say Chicks?!">
Did You Say Chicks?!

Did You Say Chicks?! is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Esther M. Friesner, with a cover by Larry Elmore. It consists of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in February 1998. It was the second of a number of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner.
The book collects nineteen short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors, with an introduction by Friesner and a section of notes about the authors.

</doc>
<doc id="20748186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748186" title="Brad Savage">
Brad Savage

Brad Savage (born December 9, 1965) is an American actor best known for his role as Danny in the 1984 movie "Red Dawn", for which he received a nomination for the Young Artist Award in the category "Best Young Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture Musical, Comedy, Adventure or Drama".
Life and career.
Savage was born in Livonia, Michigan in 1965. His mother, Judy, became a talent agent after Brad began his acting career. His sister, Tracie Savage, is also an actor. While known for "Red Dawn", Savage was a prolific child actor who appeared in many television shows in the 1970s and 1980s, including "Salem's Lot", "CHiPs", "Mork & Mindy", "Emergency!" and "The Love Boat". He also appeared in several other films including "The Apple Dumpling Gang", "Echoes of a Summer", "No Deposit, No Return", "Return from Witch Mountain" and "Islands in the Stream".
Currently plays bass guitar and sings in the celebrity group "Band From TV" with Greg Grunberg, Hugh Laurie, James Denton, Bob Guiney, Bonnie Somerville and others.
Savage is married to Bronwen R. Craig with two children. His son Keaton Savage is also an actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20748197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748197" title="Cell-cycle nonspecific antineoplastic agents">
Cell-cycle nonspecific antineoplastic agents

Cell-cycle nonspecific antineoplastic agents (CCNS) refer to a class of pharmaceuticals that act as antitumor agents at all or any phases of the cell cycle.
Alkylating antineoplastic agent are an example.

</doc>
<doc id="20748199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748199" title="Gösta Eriksson (coxswain)">
Gösta Eriksson (coxswain)

Gösta Vilhelm Eriksson (July 19, 1900 – April 7, 1970) was a Swedish rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Vaxholm.
In 1920 he was the coxswain of the Swedish boat which was eliminated in the first round of the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20748202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748202" title="Johnny Priest">
Johnny Priest

John Gooding Priest (June 23, 1891 – November 4, 1979) was a Major League Baseball infielder. He played in 10 games for the New York Highlanders over two seasons ( and ), five of them at second base.

</doc>
<doc id="20748209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748209" title="Sternarchogiton porcinum">
Sternarchogiton porcinum

Sternarchogiton porcinum is a species of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae. It is native to deep river channels in the Río Huallaga, Río Napo, and Río Amazonas in Peru, and in the Río Orinoco in Venezuela. Many specimens once identified as "S. porcinum" from the Brazilian Amazon Basin and the Venezuelan Orinoco are now known to be a different species, "S. preto".
"S. porcium" is distinguishable from all other "Sternarchogiton" species by the straight dorsal profile of its laterally compressed head. The eyes are small and covered by a thin membrane. The mouth is terminal, with the upper jaw longer than the lower. There are no teeth on the premaxilla and one row of 11 tiny conical teeth on the dentary. Both upper and lower pharyngeal tooth plates are present, bearing 8 and 10 teeth respectively. There is no sexual dimorphism in cranial morphology.
The body is compressed and knife-shaped, with 4-6 rows of scales above the lateral line. The pectoral fins are broad and pointed, containing 15-18 soft rays. The long anal fin contains 182-216 rays. The tail is compressed and moderately long, terminating in a small lanceolate caudal fin with 14-22 rays. The whip-like dorsal electroreceptive appendage inserts in the posterior half of the body. The coloration is uniform white on the sides, tinged pink due to underlying capillaries. The back of the body and head are brown, with white-pink scale margins and white electroreceptor pits. The upper and lower jaws are white. The fins are hyaline, becoming dark brown or grayish black at the margins. The maximum known length is 30 cm.
Like other apteronotids, "S. porcium" generates a weak electric field for electrolocation and communication. This electric organ discharge has a fundamental frequency around 900 Hz and has a waveform similar to that of "S. nattereri". Like "S. nattereri", "S. porcinum" is able to modulate the frequency and amplitude of its EOD to produce communication signals categorized as "chirps" (high frequency elevation, short duration) and "gradual frequency rises" (low frequency elevation, long duration).

</doc>
<doc id="20748232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748232" title="Bromus alopecuros">
Bromus alopecuros

Bromus alopecuros is a species of brome grass known by the common name weedy brome.
It is native to the Mediterranean Basin, and it is known in other places, including Australia, South Africa, and California, as an introduced species and sometimes a weed. It is an annual grass producing stems up to 45 centimeters tall. The inflorescence is a dense packet of spikelets with tangling, curved awns.

</doc>
<doc id="20748246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748246" title="Mycoblastaceae">
Mycoblastaceae

The Mycoblastaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. Species from this family have a widespread distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20748257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748257" title="Gösta Eriksson">
Gösta Eriksson

Gösta Gunvald Eriksson (born January 26, 1931) is a Swedish rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Skee, Strömstad Municipality.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Swedish boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event. He was also part of the Swedish boat which finished fourth in the eights competition.
Fours years later he and his partner Lennart Hansson were eliminated in the repechage of the coxed pairs event and in the first round of the coxless pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20748286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748286" title="Pachyascaceae">
Pachyascaceae

The Pachyascaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. This is a monotypic family, containing the single genus Pachyascus. It is known only Arctic Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20748289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748289" title="RNA Biology">
RNA Biology

RNA Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of ribonucleic acid (RNA) research. It is indexed for MEDLINE. The editor-in-chief is Renee Schroeder (University of Vienna).
Wikipedia initiative.
The journal launched a new section for descriptions of families of RNA molecules in December 2008 and requires contributing authors to also submit a draft article on the RNA family for publication in Wikipedia. The journal submits the draft article to peer review and then publish it in Wikipedia. This initiative is a collaboration between the journal and the consortium that produces the Rfam database of RNA families.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 5.597.

</doc>
<doc id="20748294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748294" title="Ivar Aronsson">
Ivar Aronsson

Ivar Mauritz Aronsson (born March 24, 1928) was a Swedish rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Romelanda, Kungälv Municipality.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Swedish boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event. He was also part of the Swedish boat which finished fourth in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20748303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748303" title="2008 Tour de las Américas">
2008 Tour de las Américas

The 2008 Tour de las Américas season consisted of 15 golf tournaments, hosted in eight different countries across Latin America. Six events were played in Argentina, two each in Chile and Venezuela and one each in Colombia, Costa Rica, Mexico, Paraguay, and Peru.
The Tour de las Américas continued its close association with the PGA European Tour, with three events being co-sanctioned by the Challenge Tour, Europe's official development tour. It also began an association with the Canadian Tour, co-sanctioning three events.
Tournament results.
In 2008 the prize funds ranged from US$40,000 to US$200,000. The richest events are the first three, which are co-sanctioned by the Challenge Tour, and the last three, co-sanctioned by the Canadian Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20748311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748311" title="Martin Beck (painter)">
Martin Beck (painter)

Martin Beck is an American painter, living and working in Pittsburgh, PA. Beck's "social conscience grew up with him about 20 blocks from the famous suburban Love Canal eco-disaster in Niagara Falls, New York." Beck received a BFA from State University of New York at Buffalo. in 1986 and an MFA from Carnegie Mellon University in 1992. Martin Beck is a noted artist who received two New Jersey State Council on the Arts Fellowships, (1994, 2000). He is featured on the Discover Jersey Arts Artists Gallery. Beck's exhibitions have been reviewed in "ArtPapers", "The New York Times", "The Sunday Star Ledger" and has also been featured in "American Artist", (July 1999). Beck's work can be found in private collections primarily in New York, NY, Pittsburgh, PA and Santa Monica, CA. His portrait commissions include corporate clients such as Carnegie Mellon University Highlands Circle, and private clients.

</doc>
<doc id="20748328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748328" title="Émile de Najac">
Émile de Najac

Comte Émile de Najac (December 1828 – 11 April 1899) was a French librettist. He was a prolific writer during the Second Empire and early part of the Third Republic, supplying plays and opéra comique librettos, many in one act. 
Biography.
Émile de Najac was born in Lorient, France, the descendant of naval commander and bonapartist Benoît Georges de Najac. He died in Paris aged 70 years. His son Raoul Charles Eugène was also a writer for the stage.
Works.
With Paul Ferrier he wrote the libretto for Lecocq’s "La vie mondaine" (1885) and with Paul Burani the libretto for Chabrier’s "Le roi malgré lui" (1887).
For Émile Jonas he provided the libretto to the opéras bouffe "Estelle et Némourin" (1882, with Henri Bocage) and "Le Premier baiser" (1883, with Raoul Toché). For Pierre-Louis Deffès, Victorien Sardou and de Najac wrote the words for "Les Noces de Fernande" (1878).
The play "Divorçons" (1880), in collaboration with Sardou, survives in the French stage repertory to this day, and formed the basis for Ernst Lubitsch’s 1941 film "Illusions perdues (That Uncertain Feeling)". Apart from Sardou, de Najac collaborated with Scribe, About and Millaud.

</doc>
<doc id="20748329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748329" title="Lenihan">
Lenihan

__NOTOC__
Lenihan is an Irish surname. Variants include "Lenighan," "Lenegan" and "Lennihan." People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20748338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748338" title="ITunes Live from Sydney (The Presets EP)">
ITunes Live from Sydney (The Presets EP)

iTunes Live from Sydney is an EP by The Presets released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20748340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748340" title="Quest Learning and Assessment">
Quest Learning and Assessment

Quest Learning and Assessment is a web-based tool for instructors and students of mathematics and science created at the University of Texas at Austin College of Natural Sciences and has been adopted at over 1,000 U.S. institutions. Instructors can create homework, quizzes and exams from a large pool (60,000) of Mathematics, Physics, Biology, Chemistry, Physical Sciences and Computer Science questions, and assign to their students. Most questions have built-in variations, so Quest can create custom assignments for each student. Students get immediate feedback when answering questions and can view step-by-step solutions after the assignment due date has passed.
Grading system.
Questions are graded using a "guessing neutral" system similar to the SAT grading scheme. If a student gets an answer correct they are awarded points, however points are subtracted for incorrect answers to discourage guessing.
Integration of in-class assessments.
In Fall 2008, the Quest system added a utility to enable student submission of answers in class using the iClicker audience response system and have the results uploaded into the Quest system at the end of the session. This instructional tool is independent of the manufacturer's iClicker software used to poll the class. The Quest utility also allows test answer submission via the iClickers instead of scan sheets.

</doc>
<doc id="20748347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748347" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 14 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20748351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748351" title="Anthology (Stella Parton album)">
Anthology (Stella Parton album)

Anthology is the fourth compilation album by singer Stella Parton.
Track listing.
The track listing is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20748353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748353" title="Toronto Film Critics Association Awards 2008">
Toronto Film Critics Association Awards 2008

12th TFCA Awards<br>
December 17, 2008
Best Film: <br>
The 12th Toronto Film Critics Association Awards, honoring the best in film for 2008, were given on December 17, 2008.
Winners.
Runners-Up: Sean Penn – "Milk" and Jean-Claude Van Damme – "JCVD"
Runners-Up: Anne Hathaway – "Rachel Getting Married" and Meryl Streep – "Doubt"
Runners-Up: "Kung Fu Panda", "Persepolis" and "Waltz with Bashir"
Runners-Up: Danny Boyle – "Slumdog Millionaire" and Andrew Stanton – "WALL·E"
Runners-Up: "Standard Operating Procedure" and "Up the Yangtze"
Runners-Up: "Rachel Getting Married" and "WALL·E"
Runners-Up: "The Band's Visit" and "Frozen River"
Runners-Up: "A Christmas Tale" • France, "The Class" • France and "I've Loved You So Long" • France/Germany
Runners-Up: "Doubt" – John Patrick Shanley and "Frost/Nixon" – Peter Morgan
Runners-Up: Josh Brolin – "Milk", Robert Downey, Jr. – "Tropic Thunder" and Philip Seymour Hoffman – "Doubt"
Runners-Up: Penélope Cruz – "Vicky Cristina Barcelona" and Viola Davis – "Doubt"
Runners-Up: "Continental, a Film Without Guns" and "Up the Yangtze"

</doc>
<doc id="20748354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748354" title="Edward Threlfall">
Edward Threlfall

Edward Threlfall was an English professional footballer. He spent eleven years at Blackpool in the early 1900s, making over three hundred Football League appearances for the club. He played as a defender.
Career.
Threlfall made his debut for Blackpool in the opening League game of the 1900–01 season, a goalless draw at New Brighton Tower. He went on to appear in 29 of their remaining 33 League games that season. He also became possibly the first Blackpool player to be sent off in a League game. During the fixture against Burslem Port Vale on 15 December, Threlfall was given his marching orders for "rough play" when "a regrettable incident occurred about three minutes off time". Threlfall later complained that he had not been cautioned "before the referee took this extreme course".
In 1901–02, Threlfall missed only two of Blackpool's 34 League games. He also scored his first goal for the club, in a 1–1 draw at home to Glossop North End on 1 February.
He made 26 League appearances in 1902–03, including one game at right-back while Bob Birkett was unavailable. He scored two goals — the first in a 2–1 defeat at Woolwich Arsenal on 8 November; the second in a 2–0 victory over Manchester United at Bloomfield Road on 13 February.
Threlfall chalked up thirty League appearances in 1903–04, scoring one goal — in a 2–1 victory at home to Gainsborough Trinity on 19 March.
He scored the fifth goal of his career the following season, 1904–05, in a 6–0 home victory over Barnsley on 7 January, en route to making 32 League appearances. He also made his FA Cup debut for the club on 14 January, in a 2–1 defeat at Bristol City.
Threlfall missed only one game of Blackpool's 1905–06 League campaign, scoring one goal in the process — in a 3–0 home win against Clapton Orient on 27 April, in the final League game of the season. He also scored once in the FA Cup to take Blackpool to a second first-round replay against Crystal Palace.
In 1906–07, Threlfall made 36 League appearances. He also scored three goals, all at Bloomfield Road — in a 4–1 victory over Glossop North End on 20 October, in a 2–1 defeat to Nottingham Fores on 24 November, and in a 4–3 victory over Grimsby Town on 20 April, in the penultimate League game of the season.
Starts for Threlfall were sporadic in 1907–08. He made twenty League appearances in total, but he sat out fifteen consecutive games between November and February. He scored one goal, in a 3–0 home win over Grimsby Town on 1 April.
Threlfall made 28 League appearances in 1908–09. He scored one goal, in Blackpool's 2–0 FA Cup first-round victory over Hastings & St Leonards on 16 January.
In 1909–10, his tenth season with Blackpool, Threlfall made 31 League appearances.
1910–11 proved to be Threlfall's final season with Blackpool. He made eighteen League appearances, the final one occurring on 25 February, in a 2–1 defeat at Clapton Orient.

</doc>
<doc id="20748364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748364" title="Bromus arenarius">
Bromus arenarius

Bromus arenarius is a species of brome grass known by the common name Australian brome. 
It is native to much of Australia, and it is known in New Zealand and parts of North America as an introduced species. It is an annual grass growing up to 60 centimeters tall. Its narrow leaves are coated in soft hairs. The inflorescence is a wide array of nodding, flat spikelets, each on an individual stalk that may be curved or wavy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20748366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748366" title="Oregon Department of Justice">
Oregon Department of Justice

The Oregon Department of Justice (DOJ), headed by the Oregon Attorney General (currently Ellen Rosenblum), is the main legal branch of the government of the U.S. state of Oregon. The DOJ is part of Oregon's executive branch, and most of its employees work in Oregon's capital, Salem. Employing about 1200 employees state-wide, the department's biennial budget is approximately US$280 million.
The DOJ provides legal counsel to the state anytime Oregon is a party or has an interest in a civil action or other legal proceeding. As ordered by the Oregon State Legislature, the Department of Justice is also tasked with running programs concerning child support payments, charitable activity enforcement, district attorney assistance, crime victim compensation, and protecting consumers. The divisions responsible for these and other programs are the Trial Division, Appellate Division, Criminal Justice Division, General Counsel Division, Administrative Services Division, Child Support Division, Civil Enforcement Divisions, and the Crime Victims' Services Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20748371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748371" title="Real RAM">
Real RAM

In computing, especially computational geometry, a Real RAM (random access machine) is a computational model that operates with real numbers in the mathematical sense, as opposed to standard computers that support only approximate computations with floating-point arithmetic (e.g., IEEE 754), or exact arithmetic which is restricted to integer or rational numbers. Not to be confused with RAM (random access memory). Brattka and Hertling described a theoretical implementation based on a Turing machine.
The model is sometimes referred to as Blum–Shub–Smale machine and the two models are equivalent.

</doc>
<doc id="20748374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748374" title="Grey relational analysis">
Grey relational analysis

Grey relational analysis uses a specific concept of information. It defines situations with no information as black, and those with perfect information as white. However, neither of these idealized situations ever occurs in real world problems. In fact, situations between these extremes are described as being grey, hazy or fuzzy. Therefore, a grey system means that a system in which part of information is known and part of information is unknown. With this definition, information quantity and quality form a continuum from a total lack of information to complete information – from black through grey to white. Since uncertainty always exists, one is always somewhere in the middle, somewhere between the extremes, somewhere in the grey area.
Grey analysis then comes to a clear set of statements about system solutions. At one extreme, no solution can be defined for a system with no information. At the other extreme, a system with perfect information has a unique solution. In the middle, grey systems will give a variety of available solutions. Grey analysis does not attempt to find the best solution, but does provide techniques for determining a good solution, an appropriate solution for real world problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20748378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748378" title="Evert Gunnarsson">
Evert Gunnarsson

Sven Evert Gunnarsson (born December 28, 1929) is a Swedish rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Ljungskile, Uddevalla Municipality.
In 1948 he and his partner Bernt Torberntsson were eliminated in the repechage of the coxless pairs event.
Four years later his partner was again Bernt Torberntsson when they were eliminated in the semi-final repechage of the coxless pairs event.
At the 1956 Games he was a crew member of the Swedish boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event. He was also part of the Swedish boat which finished fourth in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20748384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748384" title="Heinrich Konen">
Heinrich Konen

Heinrich Matthias Konen (16 September 1874 in Köln – 31 December 1948 in Bad Godesberg) was a German physicist who specialized in spectroscopy. He was a founder and organizer of the Emergency Association of German Science, and he was a member of the "Senate" of the Kaiser Wilhelm Society, the Reich Physical and Technical Institute, and the Reich Chemical and Technical Institute. When he was forced out of academia in 1933 due to his opposition to National Socialism, he became an advisor in the industrial sector, especially the Troisdorf Works. After World War II, Konen became rector of Bonn University and then headed the Culture Ministry of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Education.
From 1893 to 1898, Konen studied at the "Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn" (Bonn University). He was awarded his doctorate there in 1897.
Career.
From 1899, Konen was a teaching assistant at Bonn University. From 1902, he was a Privatdozent there, as well as a part-time teacher at the Bonn "Gymnasium" (secondary school).
Konen was an "ausserordentlicher Professor" (extraordinarius professor) of theoretical physics at "Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster" from 1905 to 1912, and from 1919 to 1920 he was an "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) there. In 1920, due to his relationship with Friedrich Schmidt-Ott, Konen was involved in the founding and organization of the "Notgemeinschaft der Deutschen Wissenschaft" (NG, Emergency Association of German Science) and he became a longstanding member of its main committee. In 1920, he also succeeded Heinrich Kayser as "ordentlicher Professor" at the Bonn University. From 1927 to 1929, he additionally was president of the "Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft" (German Physical Society). Konen’s opposition to National Socialism resulted in his forced retirement from academia in 1933, the year Adolf Hitler came to power in Germany. Also until 1933, he was on the supervisory board of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Gesellschaft (KWG, Kaiser Wilhelm Society), an influential member of the board of trustees of the "Physikalisch-Technische Reichsanstalt" (PTR, Reich Physical and Technical Institute – today, the "Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt"), on the board of trustees of the "Chemisch-Technische Reichsanstalt" (CTR, Reich Chemical and Technical Institute), and on the board of the "Deutsches Museum" (German Museum) in Munich. When Konen left academia, he became an advisor in industry, especially for "Troisdorfer Werke" ("Dynamit Nobel AG", a chemical and weapons company whose headquarters was based in Troisdorf).
At Bonn University, Konen was the "Doktorvater” (thesis advisor) to Wolfgang Finkelnburg, who received his doctorate in 1928. Finkelnburg would go on to play a major role in the campaign against and political victory over the "deutsche Physik" movement, as the organizer of the Münchner Religionsgespräche, known as the “Munich Synod.” 
After 1945, Konen became rector of Bonn University and then headed the Culture Ministry of North Rhine-Westphalia. In 1949, after formation of the Deutsche Bundesrepublik, Konen used his position in the Culture Ministry to re-found the "Notgemeinschaft der Deutschen Wissenschaft", which had become inactive in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20748385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748385" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Juniata County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Juniata County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Juniata County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Juniata County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 7 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20748390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748390" title="Francisco Javier de Elío">
Francisco Javier de Elío

Francisco Javier de Elío (Pamplona, 1767 – Valencia, 1822), was a Spanish military, governor of Montevideo and the last Viceroy of the Río de la Plata. He was also instrumental in the Absolutist repression after the restoration of Ferdinand VII as King of Spain. For this, he was executed during the Trienio Liberal.
Viceroy of Río de la Plata.
Francisco Javier de Elío was governor of Montevideo between 1807 and 1809, when he plotted with Martín de Álzaga against his superior Santiago de Liniers, Viceroy of the Río de la Plata. This failed because Liniers was supported by Cornelio Saavedra and criollo militias. 
In May 1810, Liniers' successor Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros was deposed by the May Revolution. Elío remained in control of Montevideo and the Banda Oriental and declared himself Viceroy of Río de la Plata, which was confirmed by the Junta of Cadíz on January 19, 1811. 
One month later the rural population of the Banda Oriental under José Gervasio Artigas also rebelled against Spain, and in May the troops of Elío were beaten in the Battle of Las Piedras.
Only left in control of Colonia del Sacramento and Montevideo, Elío returned to Spain on November 18, 1811, and resigned as Viceroy in January 1812.
Back in Spain.
When King Ferdinand VII of Spain returned in 1814 from exile in France, he was requested by the Cortes to respect the liberal Spanish Constitution of 1812, which seriously limited the royal powers. Ferdinand refused and went to Valencia instead of Madrid. 
Here, on April 17, general Elío invited the King to reclaim his absolute rights and put his troops at the King's disposition.
Fervent follower of the absolutist cause, Elío played an important role in the repression of the supporters of the Constitution of 1812. For this, he was arrested during the Trienio Liberal and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="20748400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748400" title="Bruinsma">
Bruinsma

Bruinsma is a surname of Dutch origin. Notable people with this surname include:
Bruinsma means Son of Brown
Friesland Origins

</doc>
<doc id="20748401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748401" title="Robert M. Cutler">
Robert M. Cutler

Robert Mollison Cutler (October 9, 1784 – May 1883) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1818 to 1829.
He was born in Guysborough, Nova Scotia, the son of Thomas Cutler, and was educated there. In 1809, Cutler married Sophia Reynolds. He served as custos rotulorum for Guysborough County. In 1838, he was named to the province's Legislative Council. Cutler was also deputy prothonotary, crown clerk and postmaster.
His daughter Harriet married James Ballaine, who represented Sydney County in the provincial assembly. His daughter Maria married William Frederick DesBarres, a judge and also a member of the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20748402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748402" title="PSRK">
PSRK

PSRK (short for Predictive Soave-Redlich-Kwong)
is an estimation method for the calculation of phase equilibria of mixtures of chemical components. The original goal for the development of this method was to enable the estimation of properties of mixtures which contain supercritical components. This class of substances cannot be predicted with established models, for example UNIFAC.
Principle.
PSRK is a group contribution equation of state. This is a class of prediction methods which combines equations of state (mostly cubic) with activity coefficient models based on group contributions, such as UNIFAC. The activity coefficient model is used to adapt the equation of state parameters for mixtures by a so-called mixing rule.
The use of an equation of state introduces all thermodynamic relations defined for equations of state into the PRSK model. This allows the calculation of densities, enthalpies, heat capacities, and other properties.
Equations.
As stated previously, the PSRK model is based on a combination of the Soave-Redlich-Kwong equation of state with a mixing rule whose parameters are determined by the UNIFAC method.
Equation of State.
The equation of state of Soave is defined as follows:
formula_1
The original α-function has been replaced by the function of Mathias-Copeman
formula_2
The parameters of the Mathias-Copeman equation are fitted to experimental vapor pressure data of pure components and provide a better description of the vapor pressure than the original relation. The form of the equation is chosen as it can be reduced to the original Soave form by setting the parameters c2 und c3 to zero. Additionally, the parameter c1 can be obtained from the acentric factor, using the relation:
formula_3
This may be performed if no fitted Mathias-Copeman parameter is available.
Mixing Rule.
The PSRK mixing rule calculates the parameters a and b of the equation of state by
formula_4
and
formula_5
Where the parameters ai and bi are those of the pure substances, their mole fractions are given by xi and the excess Gibbs energy gE. The excess Gibbs energy is calculated by a slightly modified UNIFAC model.
Model Parameters.
For the equation of state PSRK needs the critical temperature and pressure, additionally at a minimum the acentric factor for all pure components in the considered mixture is also required.
The integrity of the model can be improved if the acentric factor is replaced by Mathias-Copeman constants which have been fitted to experimental vapor pressure data of pure components.
The mixing rule uses UNIFAC which needs a variety of UNIFAC-specific parameters. Aside from some model constants, the most important parameters are the group interaction parameters --- these are obtained from parametric fits to experimental vapor-liquid equilibria of mixtures.
Hence, for high-quality model parameters experimental data (pure component vapor pressures and VLE of mixtures) are needed. These are normally provided by factual data banks like the Dortmund Data Bank which has been the base for the PSRK development.
In few cases additionally needed data have been determined experimentally if no data have been available from other sources.
The latest available parameters have been published in 2005. The further development is now taken over by the UNIFAC Consortium.
Example Calculation.
The prediction of a vapor-liquid equilibrium is successful even in mixtures containing supercritical components.
However, the mixture has to be subcritical. In the given example carbon dioxide is the supercritical component with Tc=304.19 K and Pc=7475 kPa. The critical point of the mixture lies at T=411 K und P≈15000 kPa. The composition of the mixture is near 78 mole% carbon dioxide und 22 mole% cyclohexane.
PSRK describes this binary mixture quite well, the dew point curve as well as the bubble point curve and the critical point of the mixture.
Model Weaknesses.
In a PSRK follow-up work (VTPR) some model weaknesses are quoted:

</doc>
<doc id="20748410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748410" title="Doran Godwin">
Doran Godwin

Doran Godwin (born 1 January 1950) is a British actress.
She is mainly known for her roles as Erica Bayliss in the popular TV detective series "Shoestring" and as Philippa Yeates in "The Irish R.M.", opposite Peter Bowles. She also played the title role in a BBC production of "Emma" (1972). She has appeared extensively in the theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20748414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748414" title="Georgios Chortatzis">
Georgios Chortatzis

Georgios Chortatzis (c. 1545–1610) was a Greek dramatist in Cretan verse. He was, along with Vitsentzos Kornaros, one of the main representatives of a school of literature in the vernacular Cretan dialect that flourished in the late 16th and early 17th centuries under Venetian rule. His best-known work is "Erofili" (or "Erophile"), a tragedy set in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20748429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748429" title="Superiority and inferiority ranking method">
Superiority and inferiority ranking method

The superiority and inferiority ranking method (or SIR method) is a multi-criteria decision making model which can handle real data and provides six different preference structures for the system user. It also incorporates outranking rationale to deal with the 'poor' true-criteria preference structure which appears in selecting proper equipment. The superiority and inferiority scores are produced through the generalized criteria. The SIR method can also analyze different criteria without compiling them into a small scale as GAs.

</doc>
<doc id="20748442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748442" title="Rafael Landívar University">
Rafael Landívar University

Universidad Rafael Landívar is a private, Jesuit University in Guatemala. The main campus is in Zone 16 of Guatemala City and is known as Vista Hermosa III, and there are satellite campuses in Quetzaltenango, Huehuetenango, Cobán, Zacapa and other parts of the country.
Many recent Guatemalan presidents have studied there, including Ramiro de León Carpio, Álvaro Arzú, and Óscar Berger.
The university is organized around the following schools:<br>
<br>
Architecture and Design<br>
Agricultural and Environmental Sciences<br>
Health Sciences<br>
Economics and Business<br>
Law and Social Sciences<br>
Political Sciences<br>
Humanities<br>
Engineering<br>
Theology

</doc>
<doc id="20748466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748466" title="Claude Bergeaud">
Claude Bergeaud

Claude Bergeaud (born on 30 April 1960 in Artigat, Ariège, France) is a French basketball coach. From 2008 to 2010, he was the director general of the club Pau-Orthez.
Honours.
Clubs.
With Pau-Orthez, he won :

</doc>
<doc id="20748468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748468" title="Georges Récipon">
Georges Récipon

Georges Récipon (January 17, 1860 - May 2, 1920), son of the Odiot goldsmith / silversmith Paul Edmond Récipon (1832–1898), was a French painter and sculptor whose major work is probably his sculpture at the Grand Palais in Paris, two monumental and exuberant quadrigas on the building's roof.
Other work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20748478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748478" title="Johanna Wolff">
Johanna Wolff

Johanna Wolff, née Kielich (born 30 January 1858 in Tilsit, died 3 May 1943 in Orselina, Switzerland) was a popular German writer.
Life.
Johanna, the daughter of Adolf Kielich by his marriage to Caroline Lukoschewitz, was orphaned at the age of seven. With the support of Father Urbschat, a preacher of the Mucher movement, she received a formal training as a nursery nurse. She worked from 1877 as a deaconess and from 1887 as a Red Cross Sister in Hamburg, and later in Vienna. In 1897 she married Otto Gustav Wolff in Hamburg.
With Agnes Miegel she was an important figure of East Prussian women's literature. She was influenced by the works of Friedrich Nietzsche, Detlev von Liliencron and Richard Dehmel. Johanna Wolff's first published work was "Namenlos - Frauenlieder" in 1896 during her time in Vienna. Her most successful work was the autobiographical novel "Hanneken: Ein Buch der Armut und Arbeit" (1912). Until 1939 she published numerous poetry books, plays and novels. 
In 1930 Johanna Wolff received the honorary citizenship of Tilsit and in 1943 the Meerwischer Elementary School in Tilsit was named after her and still honors Johanna Wolff today. 

</doc>
<doc id="20748480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748480" title="Fortune Island (Philippines)">
Fortune Island (Philippines)

Fortune Island is a resort island in Batangas province in the Philippines. The island lies about off the coast of Nasugbu town in Batangas. The island is located at Latitude: 14° 3' 0 N, Longitude: 120° 28' 60 E; and it is within the boundaries of Batangas.
Ownership and development.
The island was long owned by José Antonio Leviste, a former governor of Batangas Province. Leviste opened the Fortune Island Resort Club on the island in 1995. The beach resort was built along a 20-metre (65.6 ft) stretch of pristine white sand. Several rest houses facing the water. The resort features a salt-water swimming pool, clubhouse, cabana, basketball court, helipad, desalinator for freshwater consumption, and a small serpentarium, a reptile zoo for snakes. The beach also has an acropolis with Grecian pillars and statues on the edge of the island overlooking the sea. There is also a museum dedicated to the "San Diego", a Spanish warship that sank off the island (see below).
This island has since been parceled out into seven lots reportedly titled in the names of three companies: Fortune Resort Club, Inc., Meridian Pacific Hotel Corp., and Batangas Bay Development, Inc. Leviste holds either majority stocks or has interests in these companies. 
Some government officials believe that Leviste’s ownership of Fortune Island underwent “scheming procedures” to acquire both judicial and administrative titles. These officials believe that these titles should never have been granted for two reasons, firstly, the island is classified as a marine reserve under Proclamation 1801, issued in 1978 by President Ferdinand Marcos and, secondly, Section 16 of Presidential Decree 705 (the Revised Forestry Code), which provides that “areas less than 250 hectares which are far from, or are not contiguous with, any certified alienable and disposable land" are “areas needed for forest purposes and may not, therefore, be classified as alienable and disposable land.” Some government officials further contend that subdividing Fortune Island into lots was a “ploy” to skirt environmental and other pertinent laws.
Shipwrecks.
It was near this island (approximately 900 meters (2953 ft) northwest of the island) that the galleon "San Diego" was sunk on December 14, 1600 by the Dutch warship "Mauritius" under the command of Admiral Oliver Van Noort. The shipwreck was discovered in 1992 by French underwater archaeologist Franck Goddio. 
This island has also been the site of modern shipwrecks. On December 13, 1995, the MV "Kimelody Cristy", a passenger ferry owned and operated by Moreta Shipping Lines Incorporated, caught fire and sank off Fortune Island as it was on its way to Mindoro, leaving 17 people dead and 16 people missing. On September 18, 1998, the "MV Princess of the Orient", a passenger ferry owned by Sulpicio Lines, sailed during a typhoon on its way to Cebu City from Manila and sank off Fortune Island, resulting in the deaths of 70 people.
References.
[http://prosportsconsultant.multiply.com/journal]

</doc>
<doc id="20748484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748484" title="Teeling">
Teeling

Teeling may refer to:
In people:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="20748487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748487" title="Mali Air">
Mali Air

Mali Air is an Austrian business aviation company with its homebase located at the Graz-Thalerhof airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20748499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748499" title="Christopher Long">
Christopher Long

Christopher Long may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20748501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748501" title="Mein Ruf nach dir">
Mein Ruf nach dir

"Mein Ruf nach dir" (My call for you) is a song by Piera Martell that represented Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 1974. The song was composed by Pepe Ederer.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night of the contest, following Germany's Cindy & Bert with "Die Sommermelodie" and preceding Portugal's Paulo de Carvalho with "E depois do adeus". It received 3 points, placing 14th (last) in a field of 17, along with Germany, Portugal and Norway.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1975 contest by Simone Drexel with "Mikado".

</doc>
<doc id="20748509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748509" title="Bertil Göransson">
Bertil Göransson

Bertil Edvard Göransson (February 9, 1919 – April 10, 2004) was a Swedish rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Limhamn and died in Vårgårda.
In 1956 he was the coxswain of the Swedish boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event. He was also the coxswain of the Swedish boat which finished fourth in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20748514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748514" title="Krushari Municipality">
Krushari Municipality

Krushari Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Dobrich Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in Southern Dobruja geographical region, bounded by Romania to the north. It is named after its administrative centre - the village of Krushari.
The municipality embraces a territory of 417.5 km² with a population of 5,296 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
Settlements.
Krushari Municipality includes the following 19 places, all of them are villages: 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="20748515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748515" title="1970 Stanford Indians football team">
1970 Stanford Indians football team

The 1970 Stanford Indians football team represented Stanford University during the 1970 college football season.
Season.
The Indians won the Pac-8 conference with an overall record of 9–3 and went on to beat #2 Ohio State in the 1971 Rose Bowl. With eighteen passing and three rushing touchdowns added to his 2,715 passing yards on the year (which broke his own conference record), Rose Bowl MVP Jim Plunkett was awarded the Heisman Trophy. The 1970 college season had been the "Year of the Quarterback," and Plunkett beat out Notre Dame's Joe Theismann and Archie Manning of Ole Miss to win the award. 
Plunkett was the first Latino to win the Heisman Trophy. Aside from the Heisman, he captured the Maxwell Award for the nation's best quarterback and was named player of the year by United Press International, "The Sporting News", and "SPORT" magazine. In addition, the American College Football Coaches Association designated him as their Offensive Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20748533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748533" title="St. Thomas' Anglican Church (Moose Factory, Ontario)">
St. Thomas' Anglican Church (Moose Factory, Ontario)

St. Thomas' Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church edifice built by the Hudson's Bay Company in Moose Factory, Ontario, Canada.
History.
Construction began in 1864 but was not completed until 1885. St. Thomas' origins date to the late 1840s when officials of the Hudson's Bay Company requested the bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Rupert's Land to send someone to continue the missionary work of the Rev. George Barnley, a Wesleyan minister who had been in Moose Factory from 1840-1848. The bishop sent an English schoolteacher, John Horden who arrived on August 26, 1851, with his bride. Horden set about learning the local Cree language and translating portions of the Bible, the Book of Common Prayer and hymns into it. He also started a school and started holding services for what would become St. Thomas' Church.
Horden was ordained to the priesthood while serving in Moose Factory and in 1872 became the first bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Moosonee whose see was then in Moose Factory.
Current use.
St. Thomas' Anglican Church is still an active parish in the Anglican Diocese of Moosonee. Services are conducted in the Cree language and in English. Since October 2006, the historic church has not been used for services and needs significant repairs. The congregation uses another building that was formerly a Catholic church. The Rev. John B. Edmonds retired as priest in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20748539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748539" title="Herdt">
Herdt

Herdt is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20748543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748543" title="Prince George's County Fire/EMS Department">
Prince George's County Fire/EMS Department

"Not to be confused with Prince George County Fire Department (Virginia)"
The Prince George's County Fire/EMS Department (PGFD) is a combination career/volunteer county-level agency that provides "..fire prevention, fire protection, emergency medical services, and community outreach programs" for residents of Prince George's County, Maryland. The Department is composed of volunteers from 33 different fire companies throughout the county, as well as career firefighters affiliated with The Prince George's County Professional Firefighters and Paramedics Association, IAFF Local 1619. According to the Firehouse Magazine 2010 Combination Fire Department Run Survey The Prince George's County Fire/EMS Department covers a response area of approximately 580 miles, protects approximately 900,000 people, and has an annual operating budget of 132 million dollars. The same survey attributes 29,038 fire calls to the county along with 104,680 EMS calls for a total of 133,718 calls for service in 2010, making the PGFD the busiest combination department to submit statistics.
History.
In 1742, the town of Bladensburg became the first governmental entity to pass a fire prevention ordinance. The simple ordinance stipulated that all residential and commercial buildings had to be equipped with a smoke chimney. In 1886, the town of Hyattsville organized the first volunteer fire company in the county. With a donated budget of $27, the fire company bought a two-wheeled hand truck equipped with a barrel, pump, and hose. Two years later, in 1888, the town of Upper Marlboro organized the Marlboro Fire Association following two major town fires. John C. Wyvill had the first fire station built at a cost of $342.
It wasn't until the 1930s that the County organized its fire services at is known today. The University of Maryland created a Fire Service Extension to train firefighters and is widely regarded as a focal point for fire training for departments located east of the Mississippi River.
In 1966 the county incorporated paid firefighters within its volunteer force based on the Yarger Study which stated:
The Department of Fire Protection was created on June 14, 1968 which consumed all other previous fire organizations under a single command.
In May 2009, the PGFD received local media attention following a massive natural gas explosion at a Forestville stripmall. PGFD Captain Robert Rouse (Engine 823) was one of 8 firefighters and 1 gas worker injured during the event.
List of Fire Chiefs.
Lawrence R. Woltz<br>
Frank Briguglio<br>
M.H. (Jim) Estep<br>
Steven T. Edwards<br>
Lemuel A. Roberts<br>
AD. Bell, Sr.<br>
Ronald J. Siarnicki<br>
Ronald D. Blackwell<br>
Lawrence H. Sedgwick, Jr.<br>
Eugene A. Jones<br>
Marc S. Bashoor<br>
Organization.
The Prince George's County Fire/EMS Department is composed of 4 distinct commands, Emergency Operations, Administrative Services, and Support Services, and Volunteer Services. Each of the commands are headed by a Deputy Fire Chief (formerly known as Lt. Colonel) who reports directly to the Fire Chief.
Operations.
The Emergency Operations Command (EOC) is the largest and most visible to the public. The EOC includes daily operations and of all emergency services, both Fire and EMS. The EOC incorporates both sworn career and volunteer Fighterfighter/EMT's. The EOC is further split into Northern and Southern Divisions. The dividing line between North and South within the fire department is Central Avenue or Maryland Route 214 Within each division there are a set of battalions, Battalions 1,2,4,and 6 are located in the Northern Division and Battalions 3,5,and 7 are located within the Southern Division. "The PGFD's busiest service areas are located within Battalions 1,3,and 5 which includes the area commonly bordered by the District line to the west, Central Avenue to the north, the Capitol Beltway to the east, and Allentown Road to the South. These areas represent better than 60% of the PGFD's total calls for service, as they contain the highest population densities."
Battalions.
The Prince George's County Fire/EMS Department is organized into seven battalions. A breakdown of the battalions into communities and stations within the county is as follows:
Battalion 1 serves the communities of Capitol Heights, Landover, Seat Pleasant, and Largo. It includes stations 5, 6, 8, 30, 33, 37, 38, and 46.<br>
Battalion 2 serves the communities of New Carrollton, Lanham, Bowie,and Glenn Dale. It includes stations 16, 18, 19, 28, 39, 43, and 48.<br>
Battalion 3 serves the communities of District Heights, Morningside, Hillcrest Heights, Suitland,and Forestville. It includes stations 17, 23, 26, 27, and 29.<br>
Battalion 4 the communities of Langley Park, Chillum, Brentwood, College Park,and Riverdale. It includes stations 1, 7, 9, 12, 13, 34, 44, and 55.<br>
Battalion 5 serves the communities of Accokeek, Camp Springs,and Oxon Hill. It includes stations 21, 24, 32, 42, and 47.<br>
Battalion 6 serves the communities Laurel, Greenbelt, Beltsville,and Berwyn Heights. It includes stations 10, 11, 14, 31, 35, 41, and 49.<br>
Battalion 7 serves the communities Upper Marlboro, Clinton,and Brandywine. It includes stations 20, 25, 36, 40, and 45.
The Administrative Services command includes Human Resources, Logistics and Supply, Fiscal Affairs, Facilities and Resource Planning, and Apparatus Maintenance. The Administrative services command incorporates both sworn career firefighters and career civilian employees.
The Special Operations Command includes The Office of the Fire Marshal, Risk Management and Safety, Professional Standards, The Fire/EMS Training Academy, and Technical Services. Technical Services includes, but is not limited to the department's HazMat Team, Bomb Squad, and specialty rescue companies.
Fire Stations and Apparatus.
Abbreviations:
Special Designations.
Co. 15 - Fire Investigators & Bomb Squad
Co. 56 - Water Rescue & Recovery Team<br>
Dive Unit, Dive Support Unit, 22' Boston Whaler, (2) 14' Support Boats
Co. 58 - Fire Boat "Lawrence Woltz"<br>
36' Metalcraft
Co. 62 - Apparatus Maintenance
Co. 65 - Fire/EMS Training Academy
Disbanded Fire Stations/Companies.
Co. 2 - Cottage City Volunteer Fire Company<br>
Consolidated into Company 55
Co. 3 - Mount Rainier Volunteer Fire Company<br>
Consolidated into Company 55
Co. 4 - Brentwood Volunteer Fire Company<br>
Consolidated into Company 55
Co. 6 - Hillside Volunteer Fire Department<br>
Disbanded in 1999. This station was located at 1234 Larchmont Avenue in Capitol Heights. When the new station on St. Joseph's Drive in Largo opened it was given 6 as its number designation
Co. 22 - Tuxedo-Cheverly Fire Station<br>
Closed until further notice, all units have moved to Station 6 on St. Joseph's Drive.
Co. 53 - Special Operations Division (Haz Mat/Bomb Squad)<br>
Services relocated to other stations/offices.
Equipment.
The PGFD is a progressive agency with a full complement of modern fire training, equipment, and vehicles. PGFD utilizes county owned 2006 & 2012 Freightliner ambulance and medic units. Other fire departments within PGFD can purchase their own ambulance unit. Ambulance units respond to Basic Life Support calls and are staffed with certified Maryland EMTs. Medic units respond to Advanced Life Support calls such as trouble breathing or cardiac arrest, and are staffed with certified Maryland Paramedics. Engines respond to both medical calls and fire calls. Trucks respond generally to fires and odor of gas within a structure. Rescue squads and rescue engines respond to incidents generally described as more life-threatening such as car accidents or accidents with one trapped. A special service (Truck/Tower/Rescue Squad/Quint) can act as RIT (Rapid Intervention Team) on a working fire if needed. The Rapid Intervention Team is used to search for firefighters or any other people on the fire scene if lost or trapped. 
PGFD issues every Firefighter/EMT a Cairns Metro 660C helmet, but firefighters can purchase their own Cairns Sam Houston, Model N6A1, leather helmet with shell liner and approved eye protection, Cairns Classic 1000 and 1010, Cairns 1044 w/EES Innerzone 2 goggles, standard, the Kevlar or fiberglass composite version of the Sam Houston style, and the Morning Pride Ben 2 Plus Fire Helmet if they choose. Every Firefighter/EMT is also issued a coat, Nomex hood, pants, gloves, rubber boots, and face piece. PGFD uses Scott Safety 4.5 Self Contained Breathing Apparatus (SCBA) for their breathing tool, and the Scott AV-3000 for their individual firefighter face piece. They generally use Seagrave and Pierce as their fire trucks, as most of them are owned by their respective volunteer companies throughout the county. 
Blue Helmet - EMS Only
Red Helmet - A Firefighter that does not have a Firefighter I certification from MFRI yet; they can do anything except go into interior fires. 
Yellow/Black Helmet - Firefighter/EMT
White helmet w. regular coat - Lieutenant, Captain
White helmet w. white coat - Chief Officer
Basic Response Guidelines.
A Street Assignment is an odor of natural gas inside of structure, investigation of something burning inside of structure, electrical socket sparking, chimney fire, and other similar things.
A Box Alarm is the report of smoke or fire in ANY structure, such as a house, building, apartment, condo, townhouse, or school.

</doc>
<doc id="20748553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748553" title="Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards 2008">
Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards 2008

The 15th Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards honoring the best in film for 2008 were announced on December 17, 2008. These awards "recognizing extraordinary accomplishment in film" are presented annually by the Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association (DFWFCA), based in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex region of Texas. The organization, founded in 1990, includes 32 film critics for print, radio, television, and internet publications based in north Texas. The Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association began presenting its annual awards list in 1991.
Unlike most years, no one film dominated the 2008 DFWFCA awards. Two films led the pack with just two wins each: "Slumdog Millionaire" took top honors in the Best Picture and Best Director (Danny Boyle) categories while "The Dark Knight" took Best Supporting Actor (Heath Ledger) and Best Cinematography (Wally Pfister).
Along with the 11 "best of" category awards, the group also presented the Russell Smith Award to "Wendy and Lucy" as the "best low-budget or cutting-edge independent film" of the year. The award is named in honor of late "Dallas Morning News" film critic Russell Smith.
Winners and runners-up.
Winners are listed first and highlighted with boldface. Other films ranked by the annual poll are listed in order. While most categories saw 5 honorees named, some categories ranged from as many as 10 (Best Film) to as few as 2 (Best Cinematography, Best Animated Film, Best Screenplay).

</doc>
<doc id="20748580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748580" title="Thomas Cutler">
Thomas Cutler

Thomas Cutler (November 11, 1752 – February 8, 1837) was a lawyer, judge, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Sydney County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1793 to 1799.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Thomas Cutler and Sarah Reade. He was educated at Yale College and settled at Hatfield, Massachusetts. Cutler joined the British forces at the start of the American Revolution. Cutler married Elizabeth Goldsbury in 1783 and they settled in Nova Scotia later that year. He was named a justice of the peace and served as the first town clerk for Guysborough. Cutler also later served as probate judge for Sydney County and a justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas. He also became lieutenant-colonel in the county militia. He died at Guysborough at the age of 84.
His son Robert M. Cutler also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20748589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748589" title="Ngangla Gewog">
Ngangla Gewog

Ngangla Gewog (Dzongkha: ངང་ལ་) is a gewog (village block) of Zhemgang District, Bhutan, bordering India. Ngangla Gewog is also a part of Panbang Dungkhag (sub-district), along with Goshing, Bjoka, and Phangkhar Gewogs.
In the 2005 census, the gewog had a population of 1018.

</doc>
<doc id="20748600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748600" title="Clarence Acox, Jr.">
Clarence Acox, Jr.

Clarence Acox, Jr. is an American band director and jazz drummer. He is a native of New Orleans, and has been heard in a variety of settings in the Northwest.
He is director of jazz bands at Garfield High School, where he has taught since arriving from Southern University in New Orleans in 1971, initially hired to rejuvenate the school's marching bands. Under his tutelage since 1979, the Garfield Jazz Ensemble has won every major competition on the West Coast, including competitions in Nevada, California, Oregon, Idaho, and Washington.
The Garfield jazz ensemble has made ten European tours, performing at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland, the North Sea Jazz Festival in the Netherlands, Jazz á Vienne in France, and the Umbria Jazz Festival in Italy, as well as many concerts in Paris, and Innsbruck, Austria. The band has also been a finalist in the Essentially Ellington High School Jazz Band Competition and Festival held at Lincoln Center in New York City for eight successive years as of 2008. The jazz ensemble won the Second Place Trophy at the Ellington Festival in 2002 and 2008 and the First Place Trophy in 2003 and 2004, as well as 2009 and 2010, making it the only group in the history of the competition to accomplish this feat four times. Rival Roosevelt High School has won three competitions.
Acox was named Educator of the Year by "Down Beat" magazine in 2001. In 2003 he was presented the Impact Award by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, the organization that sponsors the Grammy Awards. In 2004 the Seattle Music Educators Association recognized him as its Outstanding Music Educator. In 2007 he was presented the Mayor's Arts Award by Seattle mayor Greg Nickels. In 2008 "Seattle Metropolitan" magazine named him one of the 50 most influential musicians in the history of Seattle music. In 2010, he and Roosevelt High School's Scott Brown shared the Impact Award at Seattle's second annual City of Music Awards.
Acox is a regular on the club scene in the Seattle area. He has performed with the Floyd Standifer Quartet (now Legacy Quartet) at the New Orleans Creole Restaurant since 1986. His drum style also drives the Seattle Repertory Jazz Orchestra, which he co-founded in 1995 with University of Washington saxophone instructor Michael Brockman.

</doc>
<doc id="20748601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748601" title="Little Blitzen River">
Little Blitzen River

Little Blitzen River is a tributary of the Donner und Blitzen River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Little Blitzen River rises on the west flank of Steens Mountain about southeast of Frenchglen and about south of Burns in Harney County. Flowing west in a steep-walled canyon, it joins the South Fork Donner und Blitzen River at to form the Donner und Blitzen main stem, which continues north about another to its mouth at in Malheur Lake. The Donner und Blitzen River was named by soldiers of German origin and translates as "thunder and lightning". Little Blitzen River brings to mind one of Santa Claus's reindeer.
As part of the Omnibus Oregon Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 1988, Congress designated "the 12.5-mile segment of the Little Blitzen from its headwaters to its confluence with the South Fork Blitzen" as a National Wild and Scenic River. It is part of the nation's first Great Basin redband trout reserve, established by Congress in 2000. The American Hiking Society has listed Little Blitzen Gorge Trail among its 10 "hidden gems".
Geology.
Little Blitzen Gorge, down which the river flows, is one of four huge U-shaped trenches carved by ice on the western face of Steens Mountain during the most recent glacial period. The mountain, long, is the largest fault-block mountain in the northern Great Basin. Although its eastern face is almost vertical, its western face slopes more gradually. Cut through basalt, the western canyons are up to deep. Little Blitzen River begins at about above sea level near the top of the mountain and loses about in elevation between source and mouth.
Conservation.
Much of Little Blitzen's watershed lies within the Steens Mountain Cooperative Management and Protection Area (CMPA), established in 2000 to protect the region's long-term environmental integrity. The CMPA encompasses about of public land managed by the federal Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and the Steens Mountain Advisory Council. About along the top of the mountain are protected as "livestock-free wilderness". Little Blitzen Research Natural Area (RNA), a protected area of , lies at the head of Little Blitzen Gorge. The RNA protects terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems as well as individual plant species such as wedgeleaf saxifrage, Steens Mountain whitlow grass, and Davidson's penstemon. The Donner und Blitzen system, including Little Blitzen River, provides habitat for a unique population of Great Basin redband trout, protected in the nation's first-ever redband trout reserve. The reserve consists of "the public land portion of the Donner und Blitzen River and tributaries upstream of its confluence with Fish Creek to the longitudinal extent of current and future redband trout distribution, and the
width of the flood prone area."
Recreation.
Little Blitzen River is a National Wild and Scenic River, a designation applied to the Donner und Blitzen River and all of its major tributaries from the headwaters to the southern boundary of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Frenchglen. Recreational opportunities along the river include wildlife watching, camping, fishing, and hiking. The Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife limits fishing on Little Blitzen to catch-and-release throughout the year. The American Hiking Society and American Rivers have listed Little Blitzen Gorge Trail, with its wildflowers and waterfalls, among their "Ten Hidden Gems of the National Landscape Conservation System".

</doc>
<doc id="20748618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748618" title="Egerton (name)">
Egerton (name)

The name Egerton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20748631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748631" title="Lauderdale Mansions South">
Lauderdale Mansions South

Lauderdale Mansions South, is a block of 142 apartments in Lauderdale Road, Maida Vale, London W9. Built in 1897, Lauderdale Mansions South was the first of a swathe of mansion flat buildings for the middle classes that spread across central Maida Vale in the 1897-1907 period.
The building's freehold company (in which all flat owners have a share) is unusual in that it is believed to be the only one in the UK whose constitution specifies a ‘first-past-the-post’ secret ballot for electing directors, with any shareholder being entitled to stand for election.
Lauderdale Mansions South is divided into 15 blocks, each with its own entrance hall leading to 9-11 flats. Behind the building lies a communal garden in which there is also a meeting room for residents housed in a former Boiler House. The basement areas include storage units and bicycle storage areas.
Most apartments in the building are 950 to . The upper floor flats have balconies overlooking Lauderdale Road, while lower ground floor flats back on to the communal garden. 
For most of the 20th century the freehold of Lauderdale Mansions South was owned by the Church Commissioners, the property investment arm of the Church of England. But in 1989 the freehold was sold to the flat owners.
The freehold company is Manyplans Ltd, a subsidiary of Lauderdale Mansions (South) Ltd. The articles of association are also unusual for companies of this type in that they specify that board meetings should be open to shareholder observers, and that board minutes should be made available to shareholders.
Sir Alec Guinness, whose best known screen roles included playing eight different characters in Kind Hearts and Coronets, Fagin in Oliver Twist and Colonel Nicholson in The Bridge on the River Kwai, was born in a ground floor flat in the building on 2 April 1914.
More recent former residents of Lauderdale Mansions South have included Kathryn Flett, Observer TV critic and star of the BBC’s ‘Grumpy Old Women’ series, and Mary McCartney, celebrity photographer and daughter of Paul and Linda McCartney. 
In 2009 Lauderdale Mansions South was featured in Channel 4 television's The Home Show.

</doc>
<doc id="20748633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748633" title="Project Kuwait">
Project Kuwait

Project Kuwait is a $7 billion, 25-year plan, first formulated in 1997 by the SPC, to increase the country's oil production (and to help compensate for declines at the mature Burgan field), with the help of international oil companies. In particular, Kuwait aims to increase output at five northern oil fields—Abdali, Bahra, Ratqa, Raudhatain, and Sabriya (Kuwait's third largest field) -- from their current rate of around 650,000 bbl/d to 900,000 bbl/d within three years.
The project was criticized by Ahmed Sadoon and Musallam Al-Barrak of the parliamentary opposition group Popular Action Bloc for allowing international companies a role in developing the fields. Al-Barrak stated that they should be developed by Kuwaiti companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20748639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748639" title="Erre XI">
Erre XI

Erre XI was a Puerto Rican reggaetón duo. They were signed with Luny Tunes Mas Flow Inc. label. Composed of Gerry "Lionize" Capó Hernández and Rafael "Raphy" Flores Ramírez, the duo made its recording debut in 2007 on the Luny Tunes album with the song "Vete". In 2008 the duo released their full-length debut album titled which spawned the single "Carita Bonita" featuring Pee Wee of Kumbia All Starz. The album was largely produced by Luny Tunes. 
In August 2009, Lionize announced the break-up of the duo with Luny Tunes. Luny will keep the name 'Erre XI', but both Lionize and Raphy will be replaced by two other members. It is currently unknown if Lionize and El Raffe will continue to be a duo, or if both artists will pursue their solo-careers. As for the reasoning of the separation, a statement has yet to be given. 
Recently Lionize has started his solo career as Gerry Capo and Raphy has been using his name Raphy Flores, and it was announced that Dyland & Lenny were the replacements of Erre XI but they did not want to take the name away from the original artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20748664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748664" title="Francisco de la Rosa">
Francisco de la Rosa

Francisco de la Rosa Jiménez (March 3, 1966 – January 6, 2011) was a professional baseball pitcher. He made two appearances in Major League Baseball with the Baltimore Orioles during the 1991 season. Listed at 5' 11", 185 lbs., he threw right-handed.
Born in La Romana, Dominican Republic, he developed as a ballplayer around the San Pedro de Macoris area, a hotbed of future major league talent at the time. He signed with Toronto Blue Jays scout Epy Guerrero in 1985, and spent one season with the GCL Blue Jays, in which he went 0–1 with a 5.52 earned run average in 16 relief appearances, before being released by Toronto.
De la Rosa joined the Baltimore Orioles organization in 1988, and went 3–4 with a 4.61 ERA for the Hagerstown Suns of the Carolina League. Though he had been used primarily as a reliever, he was converted to a starter with Hagerstown in 1990, now of the double A Eastern League. In that role, De la Rosa was 9–5 with a 2.06 ERA.
After compiling a 4–1 record with a 2.67 ERA for the triple A Rochester Red Wings in 1991, De la Rosa received a September call-up to the Orioles, making his major league debut on September 7 against the Kansas City Royals. Inheriting a bases loaded, two out situation, he retired Bill Pecota on a fly ball to left to end the eighth inning. He then loaded the bases himself in the ninth before escaping the inning without giving up a run.
De la Rosa's next appearance came a month later against the New York Yankees. Entering the game with the Yankees having already scored five runs in the third inning, De la Rosa recorded the final two outs of the inning without giving up another run. He pitched a perfect fourth before the Yankees got to him for three runs in the fifth.
Prior to the start of the 1992 season, the Orioles sent De la Rosa to the Yankees to complete an earlier deal in which they acquired Alan Mills for a player to be named later. In two seasons with the Yankees' triple A affiliate, the Columbus Clippers, De la Rosa was 7–2 with a 4.93 ERA.
De la Rosa pitched for the St. Louis Cardinals' Triple-A affiliate, the Louisville Redbirds in 1995, and the Thunder Bay Whiskey Jacks of the independent Northern League in 1996. He also played for a long time with the Estrellas Orientales of the Dominican Winter Baseball League, earning the nickname "Tiger Tamer" for his performance against the Licey Tigers.
De la Rosa continued to pitch in independent leagues in New York and Philadelphia before moving to Baltimore, Maryland, where he lived with his brothers until his death at 44.

</doc>
<doc id="20748673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748673" title="Stanislav Procházka">
Stanislav Procházka

Stanislav Procházka (, born June 11, 1973 in Pardubice) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He plays forward for HC Liberec in the Czech Extraliga. He has played for Pardubice and České Budějovice, always in Extraliga. He was captain for Liberec during the seasons 2007-2008, before Jaroslav Modrý, the actual captain, has arrived.

</doc>
<doc id="20748680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748680" title="Artemisia, Messenia">
Artemisia, Messenia

Artemisia (, before 1927: Τσερνίτσα - "Tsernitsa") is a mountain village in the municipality of Kalamata, Messenia, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 291 for the village and 310 for the municipal district. It is situated at 860 m above sea level. Many of its residents live there only during the summer months.
It is located in the west part of Taygetos on the GR-82 (Pylos - Kalamata - Sparta) between Kalamata and Sparta. Its nature consists mostly of green pines, walnuts and chestnuts and the village has many running waters and taverns.
Location and transportation.
Artemisia is located SSW of Tripoli, 35 km west of Sparta around 70 km northwest of Gytheio, around 110 km north of Areopoli and 24 km east of Kalamata.
The village has about 9 km of paved road, 5 km of gravel road and has about 8 km of hydro and phone lines.
Geography and location.
Artemisia is a village and a municipal district in Kalamata. Until 1927, the village was named Tsernitsa (Τσερνίτσα) or Tsernitza (Τζερνίτζα). According to the 1991 census, the village had 339 inhabitants and 310 according to the 2001 census. From 1835 until 1912, it was part of the municipality of Alagonia with the name Tsernitsa.
The six villages included in the former municipality of Alagonia were: Alagonia (Sitsova), Artemisia (Tsernitsa), Karveli (Koutsava), Lada (Upper Koutsava), Nedousa (Megali Anastasova) and Piges (Mikri Anastasova).
It is built on the location of ancient Denthaliatis that has several historic sites; among them the temple of Limnatian Artemis in Volimno, the monastery of Mele (Μελέ), the castle of Mele and Kato Chora (Κάτω Χώρα). The monastery of Mele housed a medieval school and the school of the national benefactor Petros Dimakis, who visited the region in 1854. The school of Dimakis offered education to notorious members of the administration that flourished after Kalamata's liberation.
It is the easternmost Messenian point in the Kalamata-Sparta trail, founded at the 23rd km from Kalamata and 34th km from Sparta and has a junction with buses that unite the two cities.
Artemisia is the largest village of the wider geographic area along with the Pera, Rogkozonitsa and Volimnos crosslands, marking up an area of 38,797 hectars, slightly smaller than that of Kalamata and nearly double than that of the other villages. Artemisia is located in the central part of the municipality, surrounded by other villages (Alagonia, Pigi, Lada and Karveli, Mikri and Megali Anastasova, Sitsova and Koutsava).
As a result of the Slavic invasion, Artemisia was named "Tsernitsa" (meaning "an area with many mulberry trees"). The village was previously located in Kato Chora, the ancient Denthaliatis, where only gardens and ruins are to be found nowadays.
History.
Artemisia is mentioned for the first time in the verses of Homer. In ancient times, Artemisia was united with Kato Chora and Meles, constituting the settlement of Denthalioi, famous for its vineyards and the wine of Denthe (Δένθη) (the wine's name can be traced back to 800 BC). During the same period of time, there was also the settlement of Limnai in the Volimnos area, a religious center for Messenians and Lacedaemons that attracted pilgrims from everywhere in Peloponnesus.
Since the settlement was considered holy both by the Messenians and the Lacedaemons, it consitituted a point of dispute and one of the motives of the Messenian Wars.
The area of "Pisina Choria" (literally meaning "the villages behind the mountain") in the Taygetos' area of Kalamata, with the help of the Mardatsi monastery and Sideroporta played a strategic role during the Greek War of Independence, using the monastery of Velanidia as a base for military operations. Kolokotronis, Nikitaras and Papaflessas on 23 March 1821 set out from the aforementioned villages, joining their forces with the Mavromichalis clan from Mani, in order to liberate Kalamata.

</doc>
<doc id="20748706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748706" title="David Morrissey filmography">
David Morrissey filmography

The filmography of English actor David Morrissey encompasses both acting and directing roles in film and television over a nearly 30-year period.
Morrissey made his screen acting debut in 1983 as a main cast member in Willy Russell's "One Summer". Since then he has appeared notably in "The Knock" (1994), Tony Marchant's "Holding On" (1997), Andrew Davies's "Our Mutual Friend" (1998), Paul Abbott's "State of Play" and Peter Morgan's "The Deal" (both 2003), Peter Bowker's "Blackpool" (2004), and Andrew Davies' "Sense and Sensibility" (2008). In 2010, he produced and starred in "Thorne", a television adaptation of Mark Billingham's Tom Thorne novels for Sky1. In film he has appeared in "Hilary and Jackie" (1998), "Some Voices" (2000), "Derailed" (2005), "Basic Instinct 2" (2006), and "The Reaping" (2007).
On stage, after a period working with the Royal Shakespeare Company and the National, he appeared in "Peer Gynt" (1990), "Much Ado About Nothing" (1993), "Three Days of Rain" (1999), and "In A Dark Dark House" (2008).
He was nominated for a British Academy Television Award for Best Actor for his role in "State of Play", was nominated for a Royal Television Society Award for Best Male Actor for his role in "Holding On", and won the RTS Award for his role in "The Deal".

</doc>
<doc id="20748711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748711" title="HB Studio">
HB Studio

The HB Studio (Herbert Berghof Studio) is a school offering professional training in the performing arts.
Founded in 1945 by Herbert Berghof and located in Greenwich Village, New York City, its curriculum includes classes in a variety of areas, including acting, directing, playwrighting, screenwriting, musical theatre, movement and dance, puppetry, dialect study, and scene analysis. Select classes require an audition for admission.
In 1948, Uta Hagen joined the Studio as Berghof's artistic partner, and the two wed ten years later. Her master classes led to the writing of her books "Respect for Acting" and "A Challenge for the Actor".
In 2010, HB Studio founded the Hagen Institute, which offers full-time immersion in the practical approach to acting craft that characterized Uta Hagen’s legendary master classes and classic acting texts. Its two key programs, The Hagen Summer Intensive and The Hagen Core Training, are highly structured, integrated courses for students with serious professional and artistic intent.
As of the Spring 2013 semester, the faculty includes George Bartenieff, Mark Blum, Arthur French, Helen Gallagher, Rita Gardner, Sam Groom, Jack Hofsiss, Louise Lasser, Anne Meara, Geoffrey Owens, Austin Pendleton, and Amy Wright.
Notable alumni.
Notable alumni include F. Murray Abraham, Marco Aponte, Anne Bancroft, Candice Bergen, Jeff Bridges, Matthew Broderick, Stockard Channing, Jill Clayburgh, Robert Culp, Whoopi Goldberg, George Roy Hill, Hal Holbrook, Harvey Keitel, Jessica Lange, Jack Lemmon, Kenneth Lonergan, Anne Meara, Marsha Mason, Bette Midler, Liza Minnelli, Cynthia Nixon, Geraldine Page, Sarah Jessica Parker, Charles Nelson Reilly, Christopher Reeve, Jason Robards, Herbert Ross, Kyra Sedgwick, Ray Sharkey, Maureen Stapleton, Jon Stewart, Jerry Stiller, Barbra Streisand, Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Sigourney Weaver, and Gene Wilder.

</doc>
<doc id="20748716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748716" title="National Association of Flight Instructors">
National Association of Flight Instructors

The National Association of Flight Instructors (NAFI) is a United States professional organisation for flight instructors. Founded in 1967, NAFI is dedicated exclusively to "raising and maintaining the professional standing of the flight instructor in the aviation community". NAFI was affiliated with the Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA) from 1995 until 2010. NAFI is governed by a board of directors composed of eleven members. The organisation works with other groups such as AOPA, EAA, and the Federal Aviation Administration. In 2008, Jason Blair became the organisation's Executive Director. 
In 1997, NAFI completed development of its prestigious Master CFI, program. The first person designated by NAFI as a Master CFI was Greg Brown, a well known flight instructor, aviation author, and AOPA Pilot magazine editor. Since then, NAFI has expanded the program to include ground instructors as well as flight instructors. In June, 2009, an updated version of the program was approved by the FAA. Master instructor accredition is valid for two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20748724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748724" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 32 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. One site is further designated as a National Historic Landmark and another is designated as a National Historic Site.

</doc>
<doc id="20748733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748733" title="Beulah Beach, Ohio">
Beulah Beach, Ohio

Beulah Beach is a census-designated place located adjacent to Lake Erie in Erie County, Ohio, United States. It is located within Vermilion Township.
Geography.
Beulah Beach is located at . It is about above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20748736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748736" title="DD Metro">
DD Metro

DD Metro also known as DD 2 was Doordarshan's Hindi language general entertainment channel. At the time, DD Metro was on air, the channel was kept as a terrestrial channel, instead of exclusive satellite channel. However, it was available on many of the cable operators in India. On November 3, 2003, the Prasar Bharati Corporation replaced DD Metro channel with their new news channel, DD News.
DD Metro programming consisted of many genres of television programmes, including family dramas boasting female protagonists, comedy series, reality shows, and others.DD Metro's Prime Time shift Metro Gold was a landmark in Indian television history,and DD Metro replaced STAR Plus as no.1 Hindi Entertainment TV Channel in year 2000-2001. DD Metro also telecast some of the top Indian television programmes from its sister channel, DD National. In addition, DD Metro was also known for dubbing the most popular Hollywood movies into Hindi.
Programming.
Note:Following is a list of programmes that were broadcast on DD Metro channel at the time it was on-air. Most of these shows have also been re-aired on other Indian television channels.

</doc>
<doc id="20748740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748740" title="Ron Roy">
Ron Roy

Wallace Ronald Ron Roy, pen name Ron Roy was born on April 29, 1940. He is a writer of mystery books for children. He is best known for the series A to Z Mysteries and Capital Mysteries. A new series, the Calendar Mysteries, is designed for first and second graders.
He grew up in East Hartford, Connecticut and has lived in Connecticut most of his life. He was a fourth grade teacher until selling his first book in 1978; since then he has been a full time writer.
External links.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="20748742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748742" title="William O. Heffernan">
William O. Heffernan

William Owen Heffernan (– April 3, 1876) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1859 to 1867.
He was born in Guysborough, Nova Scotia, the son of D. Heffernan, who was an assistant surgeon in the British Navy, and was educated there. Heffernan married Lucretia Wylde. He was a lieutenant-colonel in the county militia. Heffernan retired from business in 1864. In 1867, he was named to the province's Legislative Council. He died in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="20748751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748751" title="Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium, Neuss">
Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium, Neuss

The () is a "Gymnasium" in Neuss, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The eponym is Alexander von Humboldt (1769–1859). The school has approximately 100 teachers and 950 students.

</doc>
<doc id="20748756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748756" title="Super Bowl counterprogramming">
Super Bowl counterprogramming

Although it is consistently one of the most watched television programs in the United States annually, broadcasters have sometimes attempted to intentionally counterprogram against the Super Bowl by running new original programming against the game as an alternative, often during its halftime break.
The most prominent success of the concept came in 1992, when Fox broadcast a special, live edition of its sketch comedy program "In Living Color" during halftime at Super Bowl XXV, taking advantage of the then-unpopular format of Super Bowl halftime shows, successfully drawing 22 million viewers, and prompting the NFL to book more prominent pop music acts to compete.
History.
The practice was popularized by Fox: in the 1970's and 80's, the majority of Super Bowl halftime shows were themed, musical spectacles that often featured marching bands and performance ensembles such as Up with People (who performed in four Super Bowl halftime shows between 1976 and 1986, the most of any act in the game's history, and performed at the pre-game show of Super Bowl XXV in 1991). These halftime shows were frequently lambasted by critics for being dated and out of touch with modern popular culture, with Up With People's shows being considered the worst in Super Bowl history. As an alternative, Fox aired a special episode of its popular sketch comedy show "In Living Color" during halftime at Super Bowl XXVI (which featured a halftime show entitled "Winter Magic", a Winter Olympics-themed show starring Gloria Estefan). The live episode, which featured football-themed sketches and a clock counting down to the end of halftime, drew 22 million viewers; Nielsen estimated that CBS lost 10 ratings points during halftime as a result of the special.
The unexpected success of the "In Living Color" special prompted the NFL to take steps to prevent the further loss of viewers at halftime during future games: beginning at Super Bowl XXVII, the league began to invite major pop music performers to perform during the halftime show. The first of these, featuring Michael Jackson, led to a dramatic increase in viewership between halvesthe first in the game's history. This practice continued until 2005, after an incident at Super Bowl XXXVIII's halftime show involving Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson (where Timberlake ripped a part of Jackson's outfit off, briefly exposing one of her breasts) prompted a string of halftime shows featuring "safer" acts (including classic rock performers such as Bruce Springsteen, Paul McCartney and The Rolling Stones), which aimed to prevent a repeat of the incident. The streak lasted until Super Bowl XLV, where The Black Eyed Peas became the first pop act in six years to perform at the Super Bowl halftime show. 
Counterprogramming efforts are not limited to television; for Super Bowl XLV in 2011, WCHK-FM, a station in the Green Bay, Wisconsin area announced it would counterprogram the game with dead air, since the hometown Packers were in the game. However, its goal was not to attract listeners from the game, but to do the opposite.
List of notable Super Bowl halftime counterprograms.
Recurring Super Bowl counters have included Animal Planet's annual "Puppy Bowl", a special featuring dogs at play in a model football stadium (which itself spawned imitators in the form of the "Kitten Bowl" and "Fish Bowl"), and the "Lingerie Bowl", a series of pay-per-view broadcasts of all-female football games played in lingerieproving popular enough to be spun-off into its own Lingerie Football League. The LFL has since re-launched as a more conventional women's football league, the "Legends Football League", and moved its season to run during the NFL off-season instead. 
As all four major U.S. television networks now have ties in some way to the NFL (CBS, Fox, and NBC alternate airing the Super Bowl yearly, while ABC's parent company owns ESPN, who also broadcasts NFL games), they now traditionally air reruns against the game so that they do not compromise the viewership of the Super Bowl; Phil Rosenthal of the "Chicago Tribune" believed that there was now "zero likelihood some broadcast network is going to launch a broadside against the NFL's showcase." Fox itself provided somewhat of an exception in 2010, when it aired new episodes of '"Til Death" during the game, though that was more to quietly burn off the series, which finished its run solely in its last two seasons to compile enough episodes for syndication. Cable channels often air special marathons of existing programming prior to or against the game: in 2009, AMC aired the first three "Death Wish" films, DIY Network broadcast a marathon of bathroom-related programming known as the "Toilet Bowl", and ESPN aired a marathon of the "World Series of Poker".

</doc>
<doc id="20748771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748771" title="Metallo-Chimique">
Metallo-Chimique

Metallo-Chimique International N.V., based in Beerse, Belgium, also described simply as Metallo, is a privately held metals and mining company (controlled/owned by Non-Ferrous International). The company, which has between 51 and 200 employees, was incorporated in 1919. Metallo now specializes in the recycling and refining of metalliferous materials (e.g. copper, tin, lead, zinc, as well as cable, waste from the electronics sector, car catalysts, and the like), to produce pure tin and lead, electrolytic copper, copper anodes and solder from a wide variety of scrap and residues.
Metallo has estimated annual sales between 10 and 100 million Euro, and claims to be 'active on the international plane,' operating a number of 'warehouses' in Europe and offering clients 'full service solutions.'
The company produces approximately 10,000 tons of cu-anodes, 1,500 tons of lead-ingots and 800 tons of tin-ingots per month. It is the leading producer of pure tin in Europe. All Metallo-Chimique final products are made out of scrap and by-products. The company buys and processes a wide range of different scrap grades and qualities including complex materials such as ashes, slags, oxides, and sludges. Due to this what it describes as "this unique situation", Metallo-Chimique sources its raw materials from all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20748774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748774" title="Mausoleum of the Yellow Emperor">
Mausoleum of the Yellow Emperor

The Mausoleum of Yellow Emperor () is the burial site of the Chinese legendary Yellow Emperor, located in Huangling County, Yan'an City, Shaanxi Province, China. According to legend, the Yellow Emperor attained immortality and was taken up to heaven, leaving behind only his clothing and cap to be entombed.
The Mausoleum is located on Qiao Mountain, north of Yan'an proper. In 1961, the Chinese State Council proclaimed it as the first National State-Protected Great Cultural Site, with the identifier "Ancient Tomb #1" and the moniker "The First Tomb Under Heaven". The Mausoleum was anciently called "The Qiao Tomb", and was an important location where generations of emperors and famous people made offerings to the Yellow Emperor.
According to historical records, the earliest offerings to the Yellow Emperor at the Mausoleum's location began in 442 BC. From the establishment of a shrine proper in the ninth year of Tang Emperor Daizong (AD 770), it was the scene of regular national offerings and sacrifices. The site has been rebuilt and restored several times, most recently beginning in 1993. The Yellow Emperor Mausoleum Foundation was established to raise money for the reconstruction process, which was divided into two phases. The first phase was completed in August 2001, and in 2004 yearly national offerings to the Yellow Emperor at the Mausoleum resumed.
Scenic Area.
The Yellow Emperor Mausoleum Scenic Area covers an area of approximately 333 hectares and is classified as a AAAAA scenic area by the China National Tourism Administration. It contains over 60,000 mature cypress trees, of which 30,000 are over one thousand years old, making the area one of the best old cypress forests in China. The Scenic Area is divided into two parts: the Tomb Area and the Xuanyuan Area.
Tomb Area: On the right side of the stone path leading to the Tomb Area lies a stone entitled the "Horse-Dismounting Stone". Upon the stone is written in Chinese calligraphy the words "Wen and Wu and their officials arrived at this point and dismounted their horses", a reference to King Wen of Zhou and King Wu of Zhou. Nearer to the Tomb lies the "Emperor Wu of Han Immortal Platform".
According to tradition, as Emperor Wu of Han was returning from a northern campaign against the Xiongnu, he stopped at the Mausoleum and made offerings.
The current Mausoleum is 3.6 meters tall, 48 meters in circumference, and is surrounded by a brick wall. On the south side stands a Ming Dynasty stone stele that reads "The Qiao Mountain Dragon Rider" (橋山龍馭), a reference to the story of the Yellow Emperor and his family riding into the west on a golden dragon. The eastern side's stele hallway preserves 57 Imperial stele commissioned by various emperors. On the western side stand returned commemoration stele from Hong Kong and Macao.
In the main hall, called the "Great Hall of Man and Civilizations's First Ancestor" (人文初祖大殿), stands a relief sculpture of the Yellow Emperor, as well as a niche shrine decorated with the four great spirit animals of Chinese astrology: the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise. In the memorial pavilion are arranged several dedicatory inscriptions from modern Chinese leaders Sun Yat-sen, Chiang Kai-shek, Mao Zedong, and Deng Xiaoping. In front of the tomb is a pavilion for offerings, in the middle of which stands a stone stele with the three characters "Yellow Emperor Mausoleum". The stele was erected by Chiang Kai-shek during the Second Sino-Japanese War but was chiseled blank in 1956 before being restored in 1963 by Guo Moruo.
Xuanyuan Shrine: a second part of the sacrificial temple complex, and part of the post-1993 restoration architecture. The shrine is approximately 8000 square meters in size and is made entirely of granite.
Past Offerings and Restorations.
The emperors of Chinese dynasties venerated the Yellow Emperor's mausoleum, and most would dispatch a closely trusted high-ranked official, bearing an imperial monument written by the Emperor himself, to conduct the ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="20748817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748817" title="Empires of the Sands">
Empires of the Sands

Empires of the Sands is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the first edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book was published in 1988 and written by Scott Haring, with cover and interior art by Jeff Easley.
Contents.
The sixty-four page booklet, which is wrapped in a removable cover, includes a one page introduction, explaining that this book covers three major areas of in the southwest corner of the continent of Faerûn known as the Empires of the Sands: Amn (pages 3–20), Tethyr (pages 21–47), and Calimshan (pages 48–62). Each of the nations located along the southern coast of the Sea of Swords, an area with a warm climate and large areas of dry, inhospitable land, receives its own section, and each section begins with a general description including the races present, followed by information covering their languages, social customs, monsters, history, government and politics, religions, geography and climate, trade, cities, places of interest, and important characters.
Most cities receive only a column of text on the average, with some descriptions consisting of just noting what each city is renowned for, its exports, population, government, and location. The center of the booklet is taken up with one blank character sheet, seven character sheets filled in with the statistics for the Company of Eight from Tethyr, and reduced maps of the area. The last page, page 64, features an index to the book. The book also includes two maps which match the edges of the maps in the Forgotten Realms Campaign Set. The pair of fold-out color poster maps depict the three countries at a scale of 30 miles to the inch, making them compatible with other maps in the series.
Amn is the northernmost of the three countries, a place where everything is geared towards the acquisition of money, and the conspicuous consumption of the rich is evident everywhere. Conversations are filled with references to money, whether or not the current topic has any connection with financial transactions. The country was once divided, with its cities banding together only for mutual defense, while the rest of the time they struggled with each other over trade routes. During one trade war, the Council of Six, with a mysterious membership comprising some of Amn's most powerful trade houses, emerged as leaders of a united country. With the council promoting free enterprise, the making of money takes precedence over everything else, and anyone who can make money is well respected. Adventuring groups and magic-users are actively discouraged from plying their trades, unless they are properly licensed with the government.
In neighboring Tethyr, anarchy rules. The former royal family have all been killed, and the country is fractured into petty kingdoms, independent villages and towns, and bandit holdings. The Company of Eight is a group of eight adventurers dedicated to promoting peace in Tethyr.
The Calim desert covers a sizable area of Calimshan, and dominates much of Calimshan's life and outlook as a result. The lands bordering it are only slightly more fertile. In Calimshan, wealth is of the utmost importance, which is sought after so that the seeker can lead a life of leisure. While few attain this goal, most Calimshanites aspire towards it. Gadgets and magical items are commonly found in Calimshan, where they are widely used as labor-saving devices. Magic-users are held in high esteem, being the providers of the much-sought-after magical devices. Calimshan is ruled by the Pasha in Calimport, although each city governs itself in practice, with the Pasha being unable to carry out any major actions without the permission of at least some of the cities' viziers. The magic-users of Calimshan have accidentally or intentionally summoned and released a substantial number of other-planar beings; after a good time running amok through their summoners’ homes and villages, those planar beings who are unable to undertake the return trip home on their own gravitate toward the Calim Desert, which they find greatly to their liking.
Publication history.
FR3 "Empires of the Sands" was written by Scott Haring, with art by Jeff Easley, and was published by TSR with product code TSR 9224 in 1988 as a sixty-four page booklet with two large color maps and an outer folder. Editing is by Karen S. Martin, and cartography is by Dave S. LaForce. "Empires of the Sands" was Haring's first big project at TSR, and after its publication he answered readers' questions in "Dragon" No. 138 (October 1988).
Reception.
Jim Bambra reviewed "Empires of the Sands" for "Dragon" magazine No. 140 (December 1988). Bambra commented that the name "Empires of the Sands" is strange for the three countries described in the set, as none "is an empire in the formal sense, and only Calimshan has a desert worth mentioning. Still, the lands down here are very arid and, to a northerner used to rolling grasslands, the sparce patches of scrub and brush which dot the southern landscape could well appear to be desert." He felt that "Empires of the Sands" is really three source packs in one, with each country being described in its own separate section, and felt that the booklet has the same high standard of production as "Waterdeep and the North" and "Moonshae", although like FR2 "Moonshae", the inside of the folder cover was left blank and could have been used for some purpose. He felt that the writing, "while lacking the flavor of FR2 "Moonshae", is informative, readable, and easy to reference during play".
He criticised the lack of detail for locations, particularly cities, due to the large area covered by the supplement: "While information is provided on each city, not all of the cities make for interesting reading. [...] All of this information could easily have been presented in the form of a table, thereby making it more accessible and providing more space for other aspects of the campaign area to be described." Bambra commented that most of the content in the center of the booklet "looks like filler, perhaps an indication that this project wasn't quite big enough to fill its allocated page count". Bambra concluded his review with an overall evaluation: ""Empires of the Sands" has a much wider focus than ["Watedeep and the North" and "Moonshae"], and yet it still manages to convey the atmosphere of each country in a satisfying manner. However, [dungeon masters] are required to put in a fair amount of work to bring these countries to life. With three countries to choose from, though, it's really only necessary to develop one of them for campaign play. With its lack of centralized government, Tethyr makes an ideal setting for power hungry adventurers. Calimshan is a good place for magical research, and Amn is the kind of area that most adventuring groups will find very unhealthy."

</doc>
<doc id="20748826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748826" title="Mike Watkins">
Mike Watkins

Michael "Spikey" John Watkins (born 9 January 1952 in Abercarn) is a former Welsh rugby union player who won four caps for as a hooker. He played club rugby for Cardiff and Newport and county rugby for Monmouthshire.
Rugby career.
Watkins played rugby from a young age, and represented several youth and school teams from the Newport area, including Cwmcarn Youth, Gwent Schools and South Monmouthshire Schools. After spending two seasons with Crumlin, Watkins moved to first class team Cardiff. Two years after joining Cardiff, Watkins gained his first Welsh trial in 1977. In 1978, Watkins was selected for the Welsh tour of Australia, though he was not chosen for either of the two tests. Watkins was selected for the Wales B team several times during the 1970s, but did not gain his first full cap until 1984 when he had switched club to Newport.
Watkins gained his first international cap in a match against Ireland as part of the 1984 Five Nations Championship. Watkins did not only represent his country he was also given the captaincy, making him only the fourth Welsh player to be given the captain's role on his debut. The Welsh and Watkins were victorious, beating the Irish 18-9 at Lansdowne Road. Watkins played a further three games for Wales, all as captain. His final game was against the touring Australian team in 1984 at the Cardiff Arms Park. Watkins resigned from international rugby in 1984, along with past Welsh captains, Eddie Butler and Gareth Davies.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20748833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748833" title="Ouled Hamla">
Ouled Hamla

Ouled Hamla (In Arabic أولاد حملة) is a town located in Daira of Ain M'lila - Wilaya 
d Oum El Bouaghi - Algeria. 
Bordered on the north-west by the municipality of Teleghma (wilaya of Mila), the Commune 
Souk Naaman south-west by the municipality of Khroub (wilaya of Constantine) to 
North-east, and by Ain M'lila south-east. The commune of Ouled Hamla covers an area of 152 km ². The population is estimated at 11,546 inhabitants, or a density of 75.96 inhabitants 
km2. 
The main crops have been maintained over the centuries, including ereal, including wheat and barley. Other important agricultural products include potato, tomato, pepper, carrot ... etc. 
Etymology.
The old name of Ouled Hamla was Bertaux, the word indicates a name of a French colonel who lived in Ouled Hamla during the French colonization.

</doc>
<doc id="20748853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748853" title="Ballagh">
Ballagh

Ballagh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20748868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748868" title="Mount Field (cricket ground)">
Mount Field (cricket ground)

Mount Field was a cricket venue located in Faversham, Kent.
It hosted one first-class match in 1876, where Hampshire County Cricket Club defeated their hosts Kent by an innings and six runs. Most of the ground is now built over, with a small strip remaining intact as part of the King George V playing fields.

</doc>
<doc id="20748870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748870" title="List of members of the United States House of Representatives who served a single term">
List of members of the United States House of Representatives who served a single term

One-term congressmen are members of the United States House of Representatives that spent only one two-year term (or less) in office usually either due to death, resignation, or defeat. In some rare cases freshmen members have decided to run for another office or not run for reelection. A good many members that serve in the House for only one term are viewed as accidental congressmen due to having been elected in a fluke election or by riding in on the coattails of a popular presidential candidate. Among the most famous one-term congressmen were Abraham Lincoln, who served as a Whig in the 30th Congress of 1847-1849 and was later the 16th President of the United States; John Marshall, who was elected as a Federalist to the 6th Congress and was later the 4th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; William Pennington, who served as a Republican in the 36th Congress and was the first sitting Speaker of the House to be defeated in a bid for re-election; Joseph Pulitzer, the famed newspaper man that resigned from office during his first term; George Sutherland, who served as a Republican in the 57th Congress and was later an associate U.S. Supreme Court justice; and William M. "Boss" Tweed, who served as a Democrat to the 33rd Congress and later went on to become infamous for his leadership of Tammany Hall, the dominant political machine in New York City throughout the nineteenth century; and Isidor Straus, the co-owner of Macy's department store who died in the sinking of the Titantic.

</doc>
<doc id="20748927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748927" title="Jeeri R. Reddy">
Jeeri R. Reddy

Dr. Jeeri Reddy is an India-born American biologist who became an entrepreneur, developing new generation preventive and therapeutic vaccine for stroke. He has been an active leader in the field of biopharmaceutical industry, commercializing diagnostics and vaccines through JN-International Medical Corporation. He currently serves as Scientific Director and President of the Corporation that created the world's first serological rapid tests for Tuberculosis to facilitate acid-fast bacilli microscopy for the identification of smear-positive and negative cases. Prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV was achieved in South East Asia by the use of rapid tests developed by Reddy in 1999. Reddy through his Corporation donated $173,050 worth of Rapid Diagnostic Tests (RDTs) for malaria in Zambia and actively participated in prevention of child deaths due to Malaria infections. Reddy was personally invited by the President George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush to the White House for Malaria Awareness Day sponsored by US President Malaria Initiative (PMI) and PEPFAR on Wednesday, April 25, 2007.
A notable inexpensive vaccine developed by Reddy is for Meningococcal meningitis for prevention of Meningitis disease outbreaks in sub-Saharan Africa, His main objective is to facilitate affordable biological medicines to the resource poor countries. His leadership on global health matters in Africa and South East Asia is encouraged by former President Bill Clinton through the Clinton Global Initiative. Every year, Reddy with the help of a French physician Noel Kouame supply childhood vaccines to sub-Saharan Africa for vaccinating one million people for prevention of Bacterial Meningitis, Poliomyelitis, Diphtheria, Tetanus and Pertussis. Reddy has been dedicated in prevention of infectious diseases by promoting public awareness and education about immunization for vaccine-preventable diseases in under developed countries. The people who have helped him to become a businessman are his own class mates and friends from the school of Microbiology and Pharmaceutical Sciences. He has created jobs in Nebraska, USA, Africa and South East Asia through his company. Prior to forming the corporation by him in 1997, Reddy served as microbiologist, visiting professor and laboratory director at ICRISAT, Kansas State University and Central States Research Center, Oakland, Nebraska. Reddy is an inventor on five U.S. & International (PCT) Patents and publishes Journal articles of its research and technologies in the field of human Infectious Diseases and Neurological Disorders.
Reddy earned a doctoral degree in Microbiology and Infectious diseases from University of California at Berkeley and a Bachelor of Science degree and Master of Science degree in Biology and Microbiology from India. In June 1993, he was awarded by The Society of Phi Zeta of Kansas State University for his research findings of a vaccine against enteric, respiratory and reproductive disease causing virus.

</doc>
<doc id="20748935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748935" title="The Magister">
The Magister

The Magister is an accessory for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting of the first edition "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 9229, was published in 1988 by TSR. It was written by Ed Greenwood and Steve Perrin, with cover art by Jeff Easley and interior art by Valerie Valusek.
Contents.
"The Magister" is a supplement which describes magic items and spells specific to the Forgotten Realms setting, and includes rules for magic item creation, random tables for generating magical treasure, and descriptions of new magic items. Elminster, a fictional wizard, narrates the book, and provides descriptive detail, history, and game mechanics for the magic he presents. The spells and spell descriptions are explicit and detailed, and the tomes that contain these spells are described in appearance and history. The book provides lore and descriptions of magical armor, clothing, rings, wands, swords, and miscellaneous magical items, as well as a short section on the creation of magical items.
The 64-page book includes a one-page foreword and introduction by Ed Greenwood, which outlines the subject of the book—new spells and magic items—and cites "Pages From The Mages", a series of articles from "Dragon" magazine in which some of the content had previously appeared. "How To Use This Book", an article by Steve Perrin, explains how the book can be useful to both Dungeon Masters and players. The book details magical books of the Realms, each of which has its own unique properties and contains a number of spells. The spells themselves are elaborated by means of a chart which lists them by level, name, spell school, and which spellbook they may be found in. The book describes a variety of magic items unique to the Realms, including magic armor, clothing, miscellaneous magic items, potions, rings, rods, staves, and wands, unique swords, and other weapons. It details various methods by which characters may create magic items. The book's inside front cover contains a table for randomly determining magical treasure found in this book, and the inside back cover details saving throws involved in creating magical items.
Publication history.
"The Magister" (FR4) was written by Ed Greenwood and Steve Perrin, with a cover by Jeff Easley. It was published by TSR in 1988 as a 64-page book.
Reception.
Ken Rolston reviewed "The Magister" for "Dragon" magazine #147 (July 1989). He calls "The Magister" "a superior treatment of "AD&D" game magic at its best". He wrote that the style of presentation in "The Magister" is similar to that of the magical tomes of the original "Forgotten Realms Campaign Set"—"one of the best features of that product." Rolston found the tone of the presentation appealing, and stated that the new spells were "imaginative and colorful, with neat twists on standard spell effects that promise to be useful in play without inflating or disrupting the balance of power established in the 1st Edition "Players Handbook" magic spells". Regarding the new magical items, he called them "useful and are not simply handy power tools for popping open monsters. The tweaking of game effects and advantages is subtle and imaginative." He stated that the section on creating magical items "offers some interesting rationalizations and elaborations of the standard rules for item creation. The ideas are faithful to the basic rules, with some useful original interpretations of the limits of the powers of certain items." Rolston concluded that ""The Magister" is a good example of the best that "AD&D" game magic can produce. The virtues are mostly in the trappings—the descriptive bits, the colorful effects, and the histories and legends attached to the spells and items. I recommend it to gamers who'd like to punch up the style and texture of the magic in their "AD&D" campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="20748946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748946" title="Animal mummy">
Animal mummy

Animal mummies were started by Egyptians. They mummified various animals. An enormous part of Egyptian culture, not only in their role as food and pets, but also for religious reasons. They were typically mummified for four main purposes — to allow beloved pets to go on to the afterlife, to provide food in the afterlife, to act as offerings to a particular god, and because some were seen as physical manifestations of specific gods that the Egyptians worshipped.
In 1888, an Egyptian farmer digging in the sand near Istabl Antar discovered a mass grave of felines, ancient dogs that were mummified and buried in pits at great numbers.
Egyptian beliefs about animals.
Throughout the history of Ancient Egypt, animals were highly respected. In no other culture have animals been as influential in so many aspects of life, nor has any culture depicted animals as often in their artwork or writing. It is estimated that 2 in every 4 or 5 Egyptian hieroglyphs relates to animals. Egyptians believed that animals were crucial to both physical and spiritual survival—vital to physical survival because they were a major source of food and to spiritual survival based on how well a person treated animals during their life on earth. Some animals were considered to be literal incarnations of the gods, and therefore, it is understandable why Egyptians would have wanted to hold such animals in the highest regard, giving them a proper burial through mummification. The Egyptian religion taught of life after death. In order to determine a person’s admittance or denial to the afterlife, the gods would ask a series of judgment questions. One of these crucial questions would be whether they had mistreated any animals during their life on earth. Because of this religious belief, the killing of an animal was considered a serious crime punishable by death. Diodorus Siculus, a Greek historian from the 1st century B.C., witnessed the lynching of a Roman who had accidentally killed a cat during a visit to Egypt. Understandably, this punishment frightened many Egyptians to the point that if one would happen upon a dead animal, they would flee from it as to avoid the accusation of being its killer.
Beloved pets.
Long before animal mummies were used as religious offerings, animals in Egypt were occasionally mummified for a more personal reason—as beloved pets that were to keep the deceased company in the afterlife. The most common Egyptian pets included cats, dogs, mongooses, monkeys, gazelles, and birds. Many Egyptians loved their pets, and the customary process of mourning the loss of a loved pet included crying and shaving one’s eyebrows. Ancient Egyptian pets were given names like we name our pets today, evidenced by over 70 names deciphered inscriptions identifying pet dog mummies.
Pets were often depicted on the tombs of Egyptians, indicating their masters’ affection toward the animals. Egyptians believed that mummification was imperative in order to gain admittance to the afterlife, and therefore the belief was that the mummification of these pets would ensure the animals’ immortality.
Specific archaeological findings have confirmed that pets were mummified. The most famous example of this is the Theban Queen Makare’s adult Green Monkey (Chlorocebus aethiops). When her tomb was discovered, there was a small, mummified bundle present at her feet, which was initially believed to be her child. This puzzled archaeologists because Queen Makare was a High Priestess who had taken a serious vow of celibacy. If this had been her child, it would have meant that she had, at some point, broken the oath she had taken as High Priestess, raising a slew of other questions regarding her life. Finally, in 1968, an x-ray was done on the small mummy, and it was determined to be an adult Green Monkey (Chlorocebus aethiops), not a child. Similarly, Makare’s half sister, Esemkhet, was discovered buried with a mummified pet—she had a mummified gazelle in her tomb. Prince Tuthmosis of the Dynasty XVIII was also buried with a beloved animal—his pet cat was mummified and placed in a stone coffin in his tomb. Another Egyptian, named Hapymen, had his pet dog mummified, wrapped in cloth, and placed at the side of his coffin. At the tomb KV 50 in the Valley of Kings, a mummified dog and baboon were discovered buried together, though the owner is unknown.
Food for the afterlife.
Egyptians believed that the afterlife would be a continuation of this one, allowing for the transportation of items from this life to the next. In order to bring food to the afterlife, Egyptians would surround human mummies by what are known as victual mummies. These animals were prepared by dehydrating the meat and wrapping it in linen bandages, to indicate that the animals were food, not pets. They were not mummified to the same meticulous extent that a pet or human mummy would be, but the animals were nonetheless carefully preserved using natron and other special salts. This food was included in tombs in order to sustain the deceased person’s soul, called the ka, during the journey to the next world. A variety of food has been found in many tombs, mostly breads, meats, and fowl. King Tutankhamen’s tomb held several coffin shaped wooden boxes containing this type of mummified animal, in his case duck and other types of meat.
Religious purposes.
Ancient Egyptian religion was characterized by polytheism, the belief in multiple gods. Prior to the unification of Upper and Lower Egypt, there were a tremendous number of these gods, each representative of a different element of the natural world. After the great unification, a more limited list of gods developed. These gods were usually depicted as having a human body and an animal head, further emphasizing the importance of animals in Egyptian religion. Over time, religious cults emerged for the worship of each specific god. Two main types of worship distinguished the cults—the first choosing to worship the god through mass mummified animal offerings and the second selecting a totem animal to represent the god, which was mummified at the time of its death.
Votive offerings.
The vast majority of Egyptian animal mummies were religious offerings. If an Egyptian sought a favor from a god, he would purchase or make an offering and place it at the appropriate temple of the god he wished to please. Before animal mummification became common, these offerings were usually bronze statues depicting the animals. However, eventually a cheaper alternative to bronze statues—animal mummies—became the most popular form of offering. Literally millions of these mummified animals have been discovered throughout Egypt. Inspection of these mummies, usually done through CT scans which allow researchers to examine the skeletons of the mummies without damaging the outer wrappings, has suggested that these types of animals were bred for the sole purpose of offerings. As the process of animal mummification for the purpose of offerings grew, mummification techniques became progressively less meticulous. Studies have revealed many of the large-scale animal offerings to be ‘fakes’ — the wrappings containing only a few bones, feathers, reeds, wood, or pieces of pottery. The animals were raised on temple grounds, and then sold to pilgrims or regular citizens. The animals’ necks were often broken, an indication that their sole purpose in life was to be sacrificed as offerings. When visiting the temples, Egyptians of the general public would purchase these pre-mummified animals and offer them to the gods.
Cats.
Cats were mummified as religious offerings in enormous quantities and were believed to represent the war goddess Bastet. This cult was primarily centered at Thebes and Beni Hasan beginning in the Ptolemaic Period. At Beni Hasan, there were so many cat mummies that at the end of the 19th century, a total of 19 tons of mummified Egyptian cats were shipped to England to be used as fertilizer. In addition, thousands of cat mummies have been found at the catacombs of Saqqara. Cats who were bred to become offerings of this type usually died due to strangulation or the breaking of their necks. During mummification, the cat bodies would be dried and filled with soil, sand or some other kind of packing material. They were either positioned with their limbs folded closely to their bodies or in a sitting, lifelike position. The wrapping was usually completed through intricate, geometric patterns. Early in the development of animal mummification, cat mummies were placed in little bronze or wooden sarcophagi. More expensive mummies were typically adorned with features drawn in black paint and colored glass, obsidian or rock crystal eyes. Kittens and fetuses were mummified and buried inside the stomach of a statue that represented their mother. As time went by, like all mummies designed for this purpose, the mummification became less precise. In fact, Sir T. C. S. Morrison-Scott, Director of the British Museum of Natural History, unwrapped a large number of cat mummies, but discovered many were simply stuffed with random body parts of cats and not mummified with detailed care.
Ibises.
The ibis cult was established primarily during the Ptolemaic and Roman periods and was dedicated to the god of wisdom, Thoth. The number of mummified ibises is extraordinary. Saqqara alone is estimated to contain nearly 500,000 of these mummies and is also thought to have produced 10,000 mummified offerings per year. In addition, approximately four million ibis burials have been uncovered at the catacombs of Tune el-Gebel. Mummification of the ibis included desiccation and evisceration. Usually, the head and neck of the bird were bent backwards and pressed on the body. The body was then dipped in tar and wrapped tightly with linen. The vast number of mummified ibises suggests that this was done in a mass production, as many times the mummies contained only a part of the body. After serving their ritual purposes, the mummified bodies were placed in ceramic pots, coffins or sarcophagi.
Baboons.
Baboons also represented Thoth, the god of the moon as well as the god of wisdom. The appearance of baboons on canopic jars, which housed the organs of human mummies, is testament of the animals’ tremendous cultural significance. Baboons were reared in mass quantities at temples, though the numbers of baboon mummies that have been discovered are not as large as cats or ibises. Around 400 were uncovered at the tombs of Saqqara. Most baboons were mummified with the use of plaster and buried in wooden chests. Baboon mummies that have been discovered have provided significant evidence that they were bred and mummified as offerings. This evidence includes proof that the baboons usually did not die from natural causes, and that the majority suffered from malnutrition, fractures, osteomylitis, and vitamin D deficiency.
Crocodiles.
The crocodile was regarded as an extremely fierce animal, often used to terrify enemies during war. The crocodile cult was devoted to Sebek, god of fertility, and the sun god, Re. Typically, crocodiles were raised in a life of complete luxury, indulged until they died. In the early years of this cult, dead crocodiles were lavishly mummified with gold and other precious things. However, as mummification gradually became a production process, less effort was exerted in their mummification and eventually consisted simply of cloth wrappings and the application of resin, a preserving agent. When found in extremely large quantities, crocodile mummies, like many other sorts of animal offerings, contained only reeds or random body parts.
Fish.
Fish were mummified in mass quantities as offerings to the god. They were wrapped in linen and held together by bands of cloth soaked in sticky resin, permanently encasing the mummies. Many times, black circles representing the eyes were painted on the hardened linen. Several species of fish have been identified, but due to the deteriorating condition of the mummies, scientists are unable to conclude if the organs were typically removed during the process of mummification.
Miscellaneous animals.
Additional animals mummified and the corresponding god they represented:
Sacred animals.
Instead of worshipping every animal of a particular species, a few animal cults would select one specific animal, chosen because of its special markings, to be the totem of the particular god. Each sacred animal was pampered and cared for until its death, when elaborate burial proceedings took place. The animal was then mummified as a sign of respect to the god. Next, a new symbolic animal was chosen. Only one animal at a time would be chosen as the sacred one. These animal cults reached the pinnacle of popularity during the Late and Graeco-Roman Periods. The cycle of selecting a new totem animal continued for hundreds of years. Though the animals were undoubtedly considered sacred, Egyptians did not worship the individual animals themselves, but rather the invisible deity believed to be present within the animal symbolizing the deity. In certain cases, such as the Apis bull, the animal could even be a way to communicate the desires of the god. The Apis bull cult was the main source of this type of religious animal mummy in Ancient Egypt, as most other animals were mummified in large quantities for religious offerings.
Bulls.
The Apis bull cult is estimated to have originated as early as 800 B.C., the first cult supported by archaeological evidence. The earliest and largest of all animal cults, the Apis bull cult considered the bull to be a symbol of strength and fertility, representing the creator gods Ptah and Osiris. Mummification was a key part in the worshipping of these animals. While alive, the bull would be housed in a special temple, lavishly pampered for its entire life. Priests believed that the Apis bull was a medium of communication between the two creator gods, so its movements were carefully observed and sometimes consulted as an oracle. These sacred animals were allowed to die a natural death unless they reached the age of 28, at which time they were killed*. When an Apis bull died, the entire country went into mourning. It was afforded an elaborate funeral and intricate burial procedures. Because the bulls were so large, the process of mummification was lengthy and complicated. Enormous alabaster embalming tables were constructed at Memphis, the center of the cult. They were complete with engravings and fluid drainage channels. After the funerary ceremonies, the bull would be transported to these tables where it would be strapped to the table. Its internal organs would be destroyed through intra-anal oils. The animal’s body would be dried out using natron salts and packed with sand. It would then be wrapped in linens. Artificial eyes and an artistic plaster head would be added, ensuring the bull still looked like itself*.
Differences between human and animal mummification.
The distinguishing factor between the process of animal and human mummification is when the two types were mummified. Humans had been mummified consistently since the days of the early conquerors of Lower Egypt, hundreds of years before even the first animal was mummified. The earliest signs of animal mummies are dated to the Badarian Predynastic Period (5500–4000BC) after the unification of upper and lower Egypt. It is likely that animal mummies did not exist earlier on because mummification was less accessible primarily due to cost. 
In general, the mummifying of animals was not given the careful attention afforded to humans. Mummies sold to pilgrims as offerings were only minimally treated, and unlike humans, even the most sacred of animals, such as the Apis bulls, did not have their internal organs preserved. The large scale of production indicates that relatively little care and expense was involved in animal preparation compared to human mummies. However, recent radiological studies by archeologists indicate that animal mummification may more closely follow human mummification than was originally thought. The accepted view is that animals were merely wrapped in coarse linen bandages and/or dipped in resin before death. However, as with human mummification there was a range in terms of the quality of treatments. A simple visual analysis of the mummies suggests that some animal mummies were treated with the same complexity as those of humans. Egyptians treated animals with great respect, regarding them both as domestic pets and representatives of the gods. The presence of fats, oils, beeswax, sugar gum, petroleum bitumen, and coniferous cedar resins in animal mummies shows that the chemicals used to embalm animals were similar to those used on humans.

</doc>
<doc id="20748963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748963" title="Boydell">
Boydell

Boydell is an English surname.
Boydell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20748966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748966" title="Boydell (name)">
Boydell (name)

Boydell is an English language surname. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20748970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748970" title="The Love Song (Jeff Bates song)">
The Love Song (Jeff Bates song)

"The Love Song" is the title of a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music Jeff Bates. It was released in December 2002 as the lead-off single from his debut album "Rainbow Man", released on RCA Nashville. The song was also Bates' highest-charting single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, reaching a peak of #8. Bates wrote this song with Kenny Beard and Casey Beathard.
Content.
"The Love Song" is a mid-tempo ballad accompanied by piano and a string section, with electric guitar solos preceding the second verse and bridge. In it, the male narrator recalls various instances in his life where love was involved. These include being held by his mother as a young child, playing baseball with his father, meeting his girlfriend next door, marrying her and finally, seeing the birth of their child.
Critical reception.
Rick Cohoon of Allmusic gave the song a favorable review, comparing Bates' vocal delivery to that of Conway Twitty. Of the lyrics, he said, that they " to that almost universal moment when our heart does flip-flops for another and finally to the magic of bringing a child into the world."
Chart positions.
"The Love Song" debuted on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts dated for the week ending January 4, 2003. It spent thirty weeks on the charts and reached a peak of number 8.

</doc>
<doc id="20748981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748981" title="Adoption in France">
Adoption in France

Adoption in France is codified in the French Civil Code in two distinct forms: "simple adoption" and "plenary adoption".
Simple adoption.
Simple adoption () is a type of adoption which allows some of the legal bonds between an adopted child and his or her birth family to remain. It is formalized under articles 343 and following of the French Civil Code.
Simple adoption is less restrictive in its requirements and less radical in effects than plenary adoption.
Plenary adoption.
Plenary adoption () is an alternate form of adoption which terminates the relationship between birth parent and child. Thus, all rights and status which the child may have had from the birth family are revoked and replaced with the rights and status granted by the adopting family.
The term "plenary adoption" distinguishes it from the other form of adoption practised in France, simple adoption, which allows some of the legal bonds between an adopted child and his or her birth family to remain.

</doc>
<doc id="20748982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748982" title="Bromus arizonicus">
Bromus arizonicus

Bromus arizonicus is a species of brome grass known by the common name Arizona brome. 
It is native to the Southwestern United States, California, and Baja California, where it grows in many types of grassy valley and desert habitat. It is an annual grass growing 40 to 90 centimeters tall with an open, branching inflorescence. The spikelets are flat and hairy and have awns up to 1.5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20748985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748985" title="Whipped Cream (band)">
Whipped Cream (band)

Whipped Cream was a rock band from Gothenburg, Sweden, formed in 1989.
History.
Whipped Cream formed in 1989 with an initial line-up of Elisabeth Punzi (vocals), Jörgen Cremonese (vocals, guitars), Jonas Sonesson (bass), and Lars Erik Grimelund (drums). With a sound heavily influenced by late 1960s/early 1970s psychedelic rock, and gaining comparisons to My Bloody Valentine, they released their debut album, "...and Other Delights", in 1990. The album was well received, and the band was invited to record a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show in 1991. The 1992 follow-up, "Tune In the Century", received widespread critical acclaim, with one Swedish reviewer calling it "a milestone in Swedish recording history", and featured a cover version of Captain Beefheart's "Observatory Crest", which was issued as a single the same year. The band's third album, the much more heavy-rock sounding "Horse Mountain" (1994), by now with Fredrik Sandsten (later of The Soundtrack of Our Lives) on drums, was followed by a split in the band, with Sandsten and Sonesson leaving. 
The band was reformed by Punzi for a proposed 1996 album "Possessed", with musicians including King Diamond guitarist Snowy Shaw, Mercyful Fate bassist Sharlee D'Angelo and keyboard player Charlie Storm, although the album was never released. Punzi later worked with The Mole Session.

</doc>
<doc id="20748992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20748992" title="Risco, Badajoz">
Risco, Badajoz

Risco is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 167 (2007) and an area of 39.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20749014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749014" title="Hydrogen internal combustion engine vehicle">
Hydrogen internal combustion engine vehicle

A hydrogen internal combustion engine vehicle (HICEV) is a type of hydrogen vehicle using an internal combustion engine. Hydrogen internal combustion engine vehicles are different from hydrogen fuel cell vehicles (which use hydrogen + oxygen rather than hydrogen + air); the hydrogen internal combustion engine is simply a modified version of the traditional gasoline-powered internal combustion engine.
History.
Francois Isaac de Rivaz designed in 1806 the De Rivaz engine, the first internal combustion engine, which ran on a hydrogen/oxygen mixture. Étienne Lenoir produced the Hippomobile in 1863. Paul Dieges patented in 1970 a modification to internal combustion engines which allowed a gasoline-powered engine to run on hydrogen.
Mazda has developed Wankel engines that burn hydrogen. The advantage of using ICE (internal combustion engine) such as wankel and piston engines is that the cost of retooling for production is much lower. Existing-technology ICE can still be used to solve those problems where fuel cells are not a viable solution as yet, for example in cold-weather applications.
Recently, BMW tested a supercar named the BMW Hydrogen 7, powered by a hydrogen ICE, which achieved 301 km/h (187 mph) in tests. At least two of these concepts have been manufactured.
HICE forklift trucks have been demonstrated based on converted diesel internal combustion engines with direct injection.
Alset GmbH developed a hybrid hydrogen systems that allows vehicle to use petrol and hydrogen fuels individually or at the same time with an internal combustion engine. This technology was used with Aston Martin Rapide S during the 24 Hours Nürburgring race. The Rapide S was the first vehicle to finish the race with hydrogen technology.
Low emissions.
The combustion of hydrogen with oxygen produces water as its only product:
Combustion of high temperature combustion fuels, such as hydrogen, kerosene, gasoline, or natural gas, with air can produce oxides of nitrogen, known as NOx emissions. Although these are only produced in small quantities, research has shown that the oxides of nitrogen are about 310 times more harmful as a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide. Tuning a hydrogen engine to produce the greatest amount of emissions possible, results in emissions comparable with consumer operated gasoline engines from 1976. 
Adaptation of existing engines.
The differences between a hydrogen ICE and a traditional gasoline engine include hardened valves and valve seats, stronger connecting rods, non-platinum tipped spark plugs, a higher voltage ignition coil, fuel injectors designed for a gas instead of a liquid, larger crankshaft damper, stronger head gasket material, modified (for supercharger) intake manifold, positive pressure supercharger, and a high temperature engine oil. All modifications would amount to about one point five times (1.5) the current cost of a gasoline engine. These hydrogen engines burn fuel in the same manner that gasoline engines do.
The power output of a direct injected hydrogen engine vehicle is 20% more than for a gasoline engine vehicle and 42% more than a hydrogen engine vehicle using a carburetor.

</doc>
<doc id="20749021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749021" title="Polish II Corps in Russia">
Polish II Corps in Russia

The Polish II Corps in Russia () was a Polish military formation formed in revolutionary Russia in 1917.
History.
The Corps was formed at the initiative of the Chief Polish Military Committee ("Naczelny Polski Komitet Wojskowy"), a Polish faction in the revolutionary and split Russian Empire military. It was formed on 21 December 1917 in Soroca (now in Moldavia), then a Bessarabian region disputed by revolutionary Ukraine and Romania. The corps was formed primarily from Poles serving in the former Imperial Russian Army. It was a counterpart to the Polish I Corps in Russia formed in the north, in Belarus and the Polish III Corps in Russia in central Ukraine.
It was commanded initially by General Sylwester Stankiewicz (some sources also indicate it was briefly commanded by General Władysław Glass). In February 1918 the corps merged with the Brigade II of the Polish Legions and by late March Stankiewicz (and/or Glass) was replaced by the brigade commander, General Józef Haller.
The Corps avoided major engagements, and concentrated on protecting the Polish inhabitants of the region.
In March 1918 the corps had about 8,000 soldiers, and was equipped with weapons passed down from the Russian 29th Corps. At that time, the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk was signed between Russia and the Central Powers. The Germans demanded that the Polish forces surrender. 
Combat.
The Poles refused to lay down their arms and General Haller took control of the forces which were then challenged by the Austrians at the battle of Rarańcza (15-16 February 1918). The Poles won the battle and broke through the frontlines to the Ukrainian side. Later, however, they were attacked by German forces. This time the engagement ended in defeat at the battle of Kaniów (10-11 May).
The corps was disbanded afterwards, with most of its soldiers imprisoned by the Germans. General Haller avoided capture and made his way to France. Some soldiers who also avoided capture (mostly from the 4th Rifle Division), moved toward Odessa.
Organization.
The corps was considered part of the Blue Army and was composed of two divisions:
The corps also had supporting units (two cavalry regiments, artillery, engineer and others).

</doc>
<doc id="20749040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749040" title="National mapping agency">
National mapping agency

A national mapping agency is an organisation, usually publicly owned, that produces topographic maps and geographic information of a country. Some national mapping agencies also deal with cadastral matters.
History.
Ordnance Survey.
The first national mapping agency was the Ordnance Survey in the United Kingdom; its roots go back to 1747, when the compilation of a map of the Scottish Highlands was proposed. This survey at a scale of 1 inch to 1000 yards (1:36,000) was the starting point of the Principal Triangulation of Great Britain (1783–1853), and led to the creation of the Ordnance Survey itself; work was begun in earnest in 1790, when the Board of Ordnance began a national military survey at one-inch-to-the-mile (1:63,360 scale). During the next thirty years, roughly a third of England and Wales was mapped (see Principal Triangulation of Great Britain), as other military matters took precedence.

</doc>
<doc id="20749053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749053" title="Strigkos">
Strigkos

Strigkos () is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Tegea, Arcadia, Greece. It is situated in the plain of Tripoli, at 650 m above sea level. As of 2001, it has a population of 132 for the village, and 260 for the community, which includes the village Demiri. Strigkos is 1 km west of Kerasitsa and 7 km southeast of Tripoli. The Greek National Road 39/E961 (Tripoli - Sparta - Gytheio) passes east of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20749095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749095" title="Bromus briziformis">
Bromus briziformis

Bromus briziformis is a species of brome grass known by the common name rattlesnake brome. 
It is native to Eurasia and it can be found in North America as an introduced species. It is an annual grass growing up to 70 centimeters tall. The inflorescence is an open arrangement of nodding, flat spikelets. Each spikelet is composed of rounded fruits which are layered and resemble the rattle of a rattlesnake. The Latin name of the grass comes from its resemblance to grasses of the genus "Briza", particularly "Briza maxima".

</doc>
<doc id="20749097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749097" title="Canaanville, Ohio">
Canaanville, Ohio

Canaanville is an unincorporated community in Athens County, Ohio, United States. It has an elevation of and is located at .
According to the Centennial Atlas of Athens County (1905), the community originally called Canaanville was slightly to the west, west of where Ohio State Route 690 now intersects with US Route 50. There still is an historic house at that location, at the intersection of McAfee Road with the connector road to US-50 at County Road 24A. The community now called Canaanville was then called Detroit. Both communities were originally on the railroad: at first, the Marietta and Cincinnati Railroad, which was later the B&O Railroad. Today, that line has been long since abandoned and obliterated.
One of the oldest houses in Athens County lies on the east side of Canaanville, known as the Savage-Stewart House. For a period of some years, there was a restaurant and bakery on the north side of Canaanville, known as the Big Chimney Bakery because of the old chimney of a mining facility.
When US Route 50 was upgraded to a four-lane divided highway, Canaanville was cut in two lengthwise. Today, there are roads fronting on both sides of the highway, each with a row of houses on the side away from the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20749101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749101" title="Turtleback Mountain (New Hampshire)">
Turtleback Mountain (New Hampshire)

Turtleback Mountain is a mountain in the Ossipee Mountains located in Carroll County, New Hampshire, standing above Bald Knob. The summit features columnar jointing and was once home to an observation tower.

</doc>
<doc id="20749104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749104" title="Gornja Rijeka">
Gornja Rijeka

Gornja Rijeka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20749127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749127" title="William F. Wharton">
William F. Wharton

William F. Wharton (1847–1919), was a Boston attorney who became the United States Assistant Secretary of State.
Early years.
William Fisher Wharton was born in the Jamaica Plain section of Boston, Massachusetts on June 28, 1847; he was the son of William Craig and Nancy W. Wharton. Both of his parents were well known in upper-class Boston society. William attended Harvard College, graduating in 1870 with honors in Greek, Latin and Ancient History. He graduated from Harvard Law School in 1873 and was admitted to the bar not long afterwards. After traveling in Europe for several years, he began practicing law in Boston in 1875. In 1877, he married Fanny Pickman, but she died three years later. He subsequently remarried, to Susan Carberry Lay. He was the father of one son with his first wife, and a son and a daughter with his second wife.
Massachusetts political career.
Wharton entered politics in late 1879, when he first ran for office. In December of that year, Boston elected a Democratic mayor, Frederick O. Prince, but Republicans won the majority in the Common Council (later known as the City Council); among the elected Republicans was William F. Wharton. He was appointed to two committees: finance and ordinances. He became known for his work revising and updating city ordinances, and by 1884, after having been re-elected twice, he was named chairman of the ordinances committee. Wharton also became known for being fiscally prudent while serving on the finance committee; for example, he disapproved of granting pay raises to city officials, saying he believed they were making a sufficient amount of money already. Wharton was well-regarded by the city's political establishment: the Boston Herald praised his work on the council, saying he had become "one of the most influential members of the lower branch of the city government." Subsequently, Wharton continued to move up in Massachusetts politics, getting elected to the House of Representatives in 1885. He served there until 1888, becoming the chairman of the rules committee as well as working on issues related to the railroads.
National politics.
Wharton was chosen by Republican President Benjamin Harrison to serve as Assistant Secretary of State. He took the oath of office on April 11, 1889. It does not appear that Wharton had as influential a role in national politics as he had in Massachusetts: newspaper articles of that time rarely mentioned him, focusing instead on Secretary of State James G. Blaine. But when Blaine became ill in 1892, Wharton's duties and responsibilities increased. And towards the end of Harrison's term in office, Wharton was doing Blaine's job; he served as acting secretary of state for about a month. When Harrison's presidency ended, Wharton decided he was no longer interested in politics, and told the press he planned to return to Boston and resume the practice of law.
After politics.
William F. Wharton moved back to his home on Beacon Street in downtown Boston, and while he remained a loyal supporter of Republican causes, he did not run for office again, despite calls by the Boston Herald for him to do so. He was active in the Boston Bar Association, as well as the Massachusetts Bar Association. He and his wife had a summer home in Groton, where they socialized with members of Boston's most influential families. Wharton died at his Boston home, on May 20, 1919, at the age of 72. Despite being very influential in local politics in Massachusetts in the 1880s and 1890s, today it is all but forgotten: a Boston Globe article in January 2013 noted that "Some of the even more obscure of State include William F. Wharton, who was acting secretary of state twice in the early 1890s. He is so forgotten that he does not even have his own Wikipedia page." But although Wharton remains relatively unknown, at least now, he does have his own Wikipedia entry. 

</doc>
<doc id="20749128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749128" title="Ice jacking">
Ice jacking

Ice jacking is occurs when water invades a confined space in a structural support, or geologic formation, and upon freezing causes structural fracture as the ice expands. The phenomenon has been blamed for the failure of a ski gondola in the Canadian ski resort of Whistler, B.C.
Geologic Engineering.
Rock slope failures can occur due to the presence of water; ice jacking occurs when water between joint or fissure surfaces freezes and expands. This type of failure is progressive, resulting in incremental weakening over time, often requiring several cycles before failure. This is one form of rock erosion.
Ice heaving.
Ice heaving is some times called ice-jacking, this can be damaging to property on a lake shore. If a one mile diameter lake's ice temperature rises from 14 to 32 degrees Fahrenheit, the ice sheet will expand on to shore about 3 feet. This can occur in a matter of hours when there is no snow cover on the ice sheet to provide insulation Ice heaving-ice-jacking is in the form of jumble ice. 

</doc>
<doc id="20749142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749142" title="Young Celts">
Young Celts

Young Celts is a 2008 studio album by Scottish brother band The MacDonald Brothers, who were contestants on "The X Factor". The album was released on 13 October 2008.
Background.
"Young Celts" was released on October 13, 2008 on Sony BMG (Sony Music Entertainment) and Syco Records, owned by Simon Cowell. The album, featuring mostly Scottish songs (hence the title), featuring songs such as "Loch Lomond" and other songs such as "500 Miles" (by The Proclaimers) and "Ae Fond Kiss".
Album recording.
The album was recorded after the release of their third album "With Love" which was released earlier in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20749149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749149" title="Pennsylvania Medical Society">
Pennsylvania Medical Society

The Pennsylvania Medical Society is the professional association for the state’s physicians and physicians in training. 
Headquartered in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania., the non-profit organization represents about 20,000 physicians, residents, fellows, medical students, and practice administrators. Its mission is to represent physicians, support professional advancement in public health and public policy, as well as in medical science, education, practice, and ethics, and serve as patient advocates, both on the state and national levels.
The Pennsylvania Medical Society, which was founded in 1848, is a democratic organization governed by its physician members. It focuses on four guiding principles—patients, practice, politics, and professionalism.
History.
Originally named The Medical Society of the State of Pennsylvania, when it was first founded in 1848, it became the 16th state medical society in the United States. Others included New Jersey, 1766; Massachusetts, 1780; South Carolina, 1789; Delaware, 1789; Connecticut, 1792; Maryland, 1798; Georgia, 1804; New York, 1807; Rhode Island, 1812; Vermont, 1813; Michigan, 1819; Virginia, 1821; Tennessee, 1830; Wisconsin, 1841; and Alabama, 1846. It was not until 1847 that these organizations formed the American Medical Association.
Prior to the founding of The Medical Society of the State of Pennsylvania, the Keystone State had few county or district medical societies. Those in existence were the College of Physicians, 1787; Philadelphia County Medical Society, 1796; Warren County Medical Society, 1821; Medical Faculty of Berks County, 1824; Franklin County Medical Society, 1825; Chester County Medical Society, 1828; Susquehanna County Medical Society, 1838; Mercer County Medical Society, 1843; Lancaster City and County Medical Society, 1844; Schuylkill County Medical Society, 1845; Northern Medical Association of Philadelphia, 1847; Lebanon County Medical Society, 1847; Mifflin County Medical Society, 1847; and the Medical Faculty of Montgomery County, 1847.
The Pennsylvania Medical Society was organized on April 11, 1848, at the Methodist Episcopal Church in Lancaster. Today, at this location is an historical marker that reads "Founded April 11, 1848, at the First Methodist Episcopal Church on this site. Its purpose was to foster the advancement of medical knowledge, relieve suffering, and promote the health of the community. Samuel Humes, M.D. of Lancaster was the first president." The marker was dedicated on October 16, 1998. It is located at North Duke & Walnut Streets, Lancaster, or GPS coordinates LNG: -76.30512, LAT: 40.0429

</doc>
<doc id="20749153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749153" title="Barry Bannan">
Barry Bannan

Barry Bannan (born 1 December 1989) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English Premier League club Crystal Palace and the Scotland national football team.
Career.
Early years.
Born in Airdrie, Bannan began playing at local youth team Lenzie Youth Club. In 1999, as a nine-year-old ball boy for Albion Rovers, he came to prominence during a match against Montrose, when after fetching the ball, he began juggling it and then flicked it over the head of a Montrose player running towards him. The bit of skill sent the crowd wild and Albion Rovers chairman Davie Shanks was impressed, saying "He's the best player out there". Bannan later joined Celtic's youth team in 2002, until he was fourteen when he chose to accept a trial offer from Aston Villa. Whilst on trial at the Academy of the English club, he took part in the Ergenzingen Tournament in Germany. The Villa youth outfit won the tournament courtesy of a 1–0 final victory over FSV Mainz, with Bannan being named player of the tournament. Shortly after, the young Scot was offered a two-year contract with the club.
Aston Villa.
In the 2007–08 season, he scored 13 goals in 32 matches for Villa's' academy team as they won the Premier Academy league title, as well as playing for the reserve team as they won the Premier Reserve League South. Following the season's end he signed a two-year professional contract with the club.
In November 2008, Bannan was named "Young Player of the Month" by local radio station BBC WM, the first "Villa" player to win the award twice. His first team debut came on 17 December, as a substitute in a 1–3 UEFA Cup group stage defeat to German side Hamburger SV at the Volksparkstadion, and made his full début in the same competition's Round of 32, a 0–2 defeat away to Russian Premier League side CSKA Moscow on 26 February 2009.
Derby County (loan).
Bannan joined Championship side Derby County on loan for one month in March 2009. He scored on his "Rams" debut, his first competitive league goal, in a 2–4 defeat to Sheffield United at Bramall Lane and his loan was extended to the end of the season, making a total of ten appearances and scoring once. Bannan was able to return to the Aston Villa reserve side that were champions of the Premier Reserve League South, and played in their 3–1 win over Premier Reserve League North winners Sunderland reserves in the play-off final.
Blackpool (loan).
In November 2009, Bannan joined Championship side Blackpool on loan, making his debut as an 87th-minute substitute in the 1–1 West Lancashire derby with Preston North End at Bloomfield Road. His full début came in a 3–0 win away to Middlesbrough on 8 December. In January 2010 the loan was extended to the end of the season, and two days later Bannan scored his first goal for the club, with a 30-yard lob, in a 1–1 draw away to Coventry City.
In February 2010, Bannan was one of three players, along with Ishmel Demontagnac and Neal Eardley, disciplined by Ian Holloway, when they were seen out at a nightclub two days previously in Blackpool following the home defeat to Leicester City. Bannan came on for the final two minutes at Wembley as Blackpool won the Championship play-off final against Cardiff City and secured promotion to the Premier League.
First-team breakthrough at Aston Villa.
Bannan returned to Villa for the 2010–11 season, and made his Premier League debut on the opening day of the season, coming on as an 89th minute substitute against West Ham United. He scored his first goal for Villa in a Europa league qualifier against Rapid Vienna. On 6 November, Bannan was handed his first start of the season against Fulham and started the following two games against Blackpool and Manchester United. He was given a run of games in the first team by manager Gérard Houllier due to the absence of many first-team players through injury. Bannan scored his first goal in the Premier League for Villa with a 57th minute penalty against Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road on 25 September 2011.
On 25 November 2011, Bannan was given an 18-month driving ban after crashing his car and fleeing the scene on the M1 motorway whilst being almost twice over the legal drink-drive limit. Towards the end of the 2012–13 season, Bannan found his first team opportunities limited and a move away from the club looked increasingly likely. On 26 July 2013, Blackburn Rovers were reported to have tabled a bid of £750,000 to sign Bannan from Villa. However the move failed to materialise as terms could not be agreed with Bannan's representatives.
Leeds United (loan).
On 7 March 2011, Bannan joined Leeds United on loan until the end of the 2010–11 season. Bannan made his Leeds debut as a second half substitute against Preston North End. He made his home debut at Elland Road on 12 March as a second half substitute against Ipswich Town. Bannan was recalled from his loan spell at Leeds on 28 April 2011.
Crystal Palace.
Bannan signed a three-year contract with Crystal Palace on 2 September 2013, for an undisclosed fee. He was signed by Ian Holloway, with whom he had worked at Blackpool. His first Palace goal in the Premier League was on 23 November, the only goal in a 1-0 away win at Hull City.
International career.
Bannan played for the Scotland under-21 team in their first five games of the 2011 UEFA Under-21 qualification campaign. He made his début in a 1–0 victory over Albania on 28 March 2009. On 15 November 2009 he helped the under-21s beat Azerbaijan 4–0 at the Tofik Bakhramov Stadium in Baku. Bannan scored his first goal for the under 21s in a win against Austria that earned qualification for the play-offs.
He also has one B cap, earned in a 3–0 win over Northern Ireland B on 6 May 2009. On 11 November 2010, Bannan received his first call up to the senior squad for the friendly against Faroe Islands.
Bannan made his debut for the Scotland national team against Faroe Islands on 16 November 2010. Bannan's performance prompted manager Craig Levein to call him a future star of Scottish football. Bannan was then called up to the Scotland squad to face Brazil in March 2011. Bannan made his first competitive start for Scotland in Euro 2012 qualifier against Lithuania in September 2011. Bannan was named man-of-the-match and got a standing ovation from the Hampden Park crowd after setting up the winning goal.
Playing style.
Bannan is primarily a central midfielder but also can play as a winger. He is particularly useful with his left foot.
Bannan's height and playing style have also led to Scotland team-mate Darren Fletcher comparing him to the likes of Xavi, Iniesta and Paul Scholes. The Manchester United midfielder stated that Bannan "is in the mould of the best midfielders in the world", and said "I'm talking about Xavi, Iniesta and Paul Scholes". John Mullen, a football coach that taught Bannan as a youngster at St. Margaret's High School, said in 2010 that he was unsurprised at the success of the midfielder. He claimed that Bannan "had all the attributes you could ask for in a player", was "always motivated" and "gave a lot to the team".
In December 2010, Houllier was again full of praise for him. He said "Xavi, Iniesta, Messi, Pedro. You can watch and wonder if they are playing in the youth team sometimes. They have fast technique and young Barry has all of that." Houllier then defended Bannan's size, and insisted it won't hold him back. Houllier said "The Premier League has got more physical but it is not about a matter of size. Obviously you need size in some positions but it's also a matter of commitment and physical commitment. Barry is competitive."
Bannan, however, claimed that former Aston Villa boss Martin O'Neill had doubts over his ability due to his size.
Personal life.
Bannan was born in Airdrie, to James and Kathleen, who now live in Coatbridge.
By the time he had reached the age of seven, Bannan had undergone four operations. The first was for a hernia; two more followed for a blocked tube into his kidney; and the fourth was for the removal of his appendix.
Bannan is a big Celtic supporter. His boyhood hero is midfielder Stiliyan Petrov, who he played with at Aston Villa.
Former Aston Villa player Pat Heard, coincidentally, was Bannan's driving instructor.

</doc>
<doc id="20749156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749156" title="Yamamoto Shōun">
Yamamoto Shōun

, who is also known as Matsutani Shōun, was a Japanese print designer, painter, and illustrator. He was born in Kōchi, Kōchi into a family of retainers of the Shogun and was given the name Mosaburo. As a teenager, he studied Kanō school painting with Yanagimoto Doso and Kawada Shoryu. At about age 17, he moved to Tokyo, where he studied Nanga painting with Taki Katei. At 20 years of age, he was employed as an illustrator for "Fugoku gaho", a pictorial magazine dealing with the sights in and around Tokyo. In his latter career, Shōun primarily produced paintings. He died in 1965, at the age of 96.
In addition to his magazine illustrations, Shōun is best known for his woodblock prints of beautiful women and a group of humorous "shikishiban" (prints about 7 by 8 inches). Shōun is considered a bridge between ukiyo-e and shin hanga. His career spans the Meiji (1868-1912), Taishō (1912-1926) and Shōwa (1926-1989) periods. 
Yamamoto Shōun signed most of his works with a very small compact signature reading “Shōun” (昇雲).

</doc>
<doc id="20749157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749157" title="Louisa Martindale (feminist)">
Louisa Martindale (feminist)

Louisa Martindale, née Spicer (25 June 1839 – 15 March 1914) was a British activist for women's rights and suffragist.
She was born in Woodford Green, Essex. Her father, James Spicer, was a wholesale stationer with a successful family business. The family were prominent Congregationalists.
She founded the Ray Lodge Mission Station in Woodford Green in 1865. During her time in Brighton, she was one of the founders of the Women's Liberal Association (1891), Women's Co-operative Movement and a women's dispensary that later became the New Sussex Hospital for Women and Children. She was also involved with the British and Foreign Bible Society and the Women's Suffrage Society. She assisted her brother, Albert Spicer, a Liberal MP for the Monmouth Boroughs (1892–1900) and Hackney Central (1906–18), who himself worked on issues such as the admission of women into county councils.
Her interest in women's rights dated from 1867. She spoke in Spicer's Monmouth constituency on issues such as the aforementioned admission of women into county councils, wrote lectures on the rights of women and related topics, and supported women's right to preach. In 1904, she attended (with her daughter Hilda) the International Congress of Women in Berlin, where she met Susan B. Anthony; she was a member of the executive committee of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies, and a vice-president of the Central Society. Not just content with political action, Martindale engaged in a practical manner to improve the situation of women. In the 1880s, she opened her house for shop girls on alternate Saturdays, and took a number of underprivileged young women under her wing, among whom was Margaret Bondfield, later the first female Cabinet member of the United Kingdom.
Personal life.
In 1871, she married William Martindale, a merchant. Their marriage was short-lived; he died only a few years later. Their children included Louisa, a surgeon, and Hilda, a civil servant Hilda Martindale. A third daughter died in infancy. After her husband's death in around 1874, she travelled with her young daughters in England and Europe, eventually settling in Brighton. In 1903, she moved to Horsted Keynes in Sussex, where she built a Congregational church.
Death.
Martindale died from pneumonia in Horsted Keynes on 15 March 1914, aged 74.
Legacy.
Louisa Martindale's legacy is by now well-recognized. The history of her work in Horsted Keynes, as a founder of the Congregationalist "Free Church" there, as a community leader, and as an advocate of women's religious rights, is maintained in the Martindale Centre, in the heart of the village.
Perhaps her legacy is best symbolized by her brother James Spicer's great-granddaughter, Harriet Harman QC MP, a Labour politician who has attained high-ranking functions such as Deputy Leader, and Party Chair of the Labour Party, Leader of the House of Commons, Lord Privy Seal, and Minister for Women and Equality.

</doc>
<doc id="20749166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749166" title="Scientology in New Zealand">
Scientology in New Zealand

__NOTOC__
Scientology has been established in New Zealand since 1955.
The 2006 census gives 357 people affiliated to The Church of Scientology although the Church claims that it has 5000 followers.
The church is registered as a charity and Inland Revenue Department has granted charitable status to the church for tax purposes. Marion Moffat is the chairperson of Church of Scientology of New Zealand.
In 1969 the government instituted a Commission of Inquiry into Scientology which resulted in the Dumbleton-Powles Report.
Censorship.
In 2008 a protest against the church as part of Project Chanology was held in some parts of New Zealand by "Anonymous", a world-wide group that has concerns about internet censorship by Scientologists.

</doc>
<doc id="20749168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749168" title="Borjan Canev">
Borjan Canev

Borjan Canev (born in Skopje, 1973) is a Macedonian conductor trained at the Royal College of Music in London. Back then, he served as Sir Colin Davis' assistant conductor at his 2001 production of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Don Giovanni". 
He is the principal conductor of the Makedonska Filharmonija (1999- ) and the Skopje Soloists Chamber Orchestra (2004- ), and the Sofia Philharmonic's principal guest conductor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20749176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749176" title="Marek Černošek">
Marek Černošek

Marek Černošek (born July 22, 1976, in Prostějov, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward. He has played for various clubs in the Czech Extraliga and Czech First League, also he has appeared for the national team, recently in 2008 LG Hockey Games. He won Czech Extraliga in 2006 with Sparta Praha.

</doc>
<doc id="20749177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749177" title="Rex Repass">
Rex Repass

Rex L. Repass is a regional and national public opinion and marketing researcher. He is President and CEO of R.L. Repass & Partners, Inc., located in Cincinnati, Ohio and Charleston, West Virginia.
Biography.
In 1980, Mr. Repass developed The West Virginia Poll for the Charleston Daily Mail, WSAZ Television and The Associated Press. The West Virginia Poll was the first media sponsored scientific measurement of public opinion in West Virginia. In 2009, his firm developed the MindField Poll, a national omnibus survey of consumers in the U.S.
The Repass firm specializes in corporate reputation research (see also - corporate reputation management)and brand equity research and analysis. Mr. Repass' firm provides survey research and consulting services to Fortune 500 corporations, state and national trade associations, and governmental agencies.
Mr. Repass has also directed public opinion and marketing research for media clients including The Arizona Republic, The Sunday Examiner-Chronicle in San Francisco, The Poynter Institute for Media Studies and more than 40 newspapers and media companies in the United States and Canada.
Education.
In 1977, Mr. Repass received a master of science degree in communications from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tennessee with a special emphasis in public opinion and advertising research. He is a 1976 graduate of Marshall University, Huntington, West Virginia. Mr. Repass was a member of the Young Thundering Herd (see Marshall Thundering Herd Football)football team in the early 1970a following the tragic plane crash that claimed the lives of 75 players, coaches, athletic administrators, and team boosters. In 1994, he received Marshall's W. Page Pitt School of Journalism distinguished alumni award. Mr. Repass is a member of the American Association for Public Opinion Research, the American Marketing Association, The American Association of Trial Consultants and the Council of American Survey Research Organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20749186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749186" title="Kauko Hänninen">
Kauko Hänninen

Kauko Antero Hänninen (January 28, 1930 – August 26, 2013) was a Finnish rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kinnula.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Finnish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event. He was also part of the Finnish boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the coxless fours competition.
Four years later he was eliminated with the Finnish boat in the semi-finals of the coxed fours event.
At the 1964 Games he was a member of the Finnish boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the coxless fours competition.
His last Olympic appearance was in 1968 when he and his partner Pekka Sylvander were eliminated in the repechage of the coxless pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20749220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749220" title="Württemberg Tssd">
Württemberg Tssd

The Württemberg Tssd was a class of German, narrow gauge, steam locomotive operated by the Royal Württemberg State Railways. They were initially deployed on the "Öchsle" Railway in 1899 between Biberach an der Riß and Ochsenhausen. In addition they worked the Federsee Railway between Schussenried and Riedlingen, the Zabergäu Railway between Lauffen am Neckar and Leonbronn and the Bottwar Railway between Marbach am Neckar and Heilbronn Süd. A total of nine units were delivered in three series of three engines in 1899, 1901 and 1904 with railway numbers 41–49. They were initially classified as Tss locomotives and later as Tssd 41–49.
T is the abbreviation for tank locomotive, ss means that it is a narrow gauge locomotive with a rail gauge of 750 mm, and the letter d, added later, was the abbreviation for duplex locomotive, because the steam was expanded twice, first in the high-pressure cylinders and then in the low-pressure cylinders. Today duplex locomotives are described as compound locomotives.
All the engines were taken over by the Deutschen Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft and given the numbers 99 631 to 99 639. After the Second World War four engines were still in service. They were retired as follows:
Two locomotives, numbers 99 633 and 99 637 have been preserved. Locomotive 99 633 was under the ownership of the German Railway History Company ("DGEG") and was loaned to the "Öchsle Schmalspurbahn" (Öchsle Narrow-Gauge Railway) and displayed in the Ochsenhausen shed, its original home. In 2007 the society bought it outright. Since the very first transmission of the SWR television programme, Eisenbahn-Romantik, it has featured in the introduction and the programme's logo.
Number 99 637 is on display as a monument at the former station forecourt in Bad Buchau, its last home station.
The engines carried 2.5 m³ of water (the third series had larger water tanks with a 3.0 m³ capacity) and 1.0 tonne of coal. The maximal train load was 140 t on an incline of 1:40.

</doc>
<doc id="20749245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749245" title="Reino Poutanen">
Reino Poutanen

Reino Richard Poutanen (born February 21, 1928) is a Finnish rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Turku.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Finnish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event. He was also part of the Finnish boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the coxless fours competition.
Four years later he was eliminated with the Finnish boat in the semi-finals of the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20749252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749252" title="David Aldous (actor and broadcaster)">
David Aldous (actor and broadcaster)

David Aldous is an English actor and broadcaster. He has appeared in TV series, such as "The Bill" and "Casualty", and in the film "Loved Up". He has also presented the programmes "In Depth" for GOD TV and "Passages of Life" for Premier Christian Radio. Since 27 July 2009, he has presented "Hope in the Night" from 1am to 4am on Premier Christian Radio.
Family life.
David Aldous lives in Essex and has four children.
Teaching.
He was a drama teacher at Hassenbrook School in Essex.
Videos.
David Aldous directed the Christian music video "How Deep", sung by Charlotte Lauren, music by Stuart Townend.

</doc>
<doc id="20749275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749275" title="Nojoom Al Baazah">
Nojoom Al Baazah

Nojoom al Baazah () is a Libyan football club currently playing the Libyan Second Division. The club is based in Baazah, a city in Zliten, near Misrata. They are in Group B of the Second Division.
History.
The idea of founding the club Baazah Club of Zleetn was initially gathered by the youth sports area in the city of Zliten, and this idea was accepted with much encouragement by the people of the region.
This forum (Bazh Sports Forum) was established on 23 July 1984. The adoption of the forum secretariat by the General Sports Committee was accepted officially on 11 October 1984 and the people of the region participated in many events and games at national level, under the name of Baazah Sports Forum.
Then began the important transformation and development, which was most important for the city of Baazah in Zliten, when the Forum became Baazah Sporting, Social and Cultural Club on 31 December 1984.
The adoption of this sporting, social and cultural club was the result of an agreement of Baazah Sports Forum to all of the conditions that the National Commission of Sports proposed for transfer to a Sporting, Social and Cultural Club. And so Baazah Sports Forum changed its name to Baazah Stars Sporting, Social & Cultural Club.
Those credited with the founding of Baazah Sports Forum and its subsequent change to Baazah Stars Sporting, Social & Cultural Club are:
Management Committee.
After the approval from the People's Committee for Sports under the resolution No. 36 of 1984. the Administrative Committee of the Forum was adopted, which was as follows:
First Participators.
The football club began its participation in the 1985-86 season.
Current squad.
"correct as of 22 December 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="20749277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749277" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 32 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20749313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749313" title="List of hydrogen internal combustion engine vehicles">
List of hydrogen internal combustion engine vehicles

A hydrogen internal combustion engine vehicle (HICEV) is a vehicle powered by a hydrogen-fueled internal combustion engine. Some versions are hydrogen/gasoline hybrids.
Francois Isaac de Rivaz
Étienne Lenoir
BMW:
Ford:
Mazda:
Revolve:
Ronn Motor:

</doc>
<doc id="20749317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749317" title="Carthagena, Ohio">
Carthagena, Ohio

Carthagena is an unincorporated community in Mercer County, Ohio, United States. It has an elevation of and is located at .
History.
Carthagena is named after Carthage a village in Africa. The village was started by Charles Moore from Harrison County, Kentucky around the same time Mercer County was established. Charles Moore was a black man and owned 160 acres of land in Carthagena. Black people lived in Carthagena for over 100 years, the last known member of the black community in Carthagena was Albert Bowles who died in 1957 and is buried in the black cemetery there. The land a black school stood on (Emlen Institute) was purchased by the Missionaries of the Precious Blood (C.P.P.S.) for $4500 on March 14, 1861. A seminary was built and named "Saint Charles Seminary" the Saint Charles Center has been operated by the Missionaries of the Precious Blood since then.

</doc>
<doc id="20749322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749322" title="Veli Lehtelä">
Veli Lehtelä

Veli Veikko Valtteri Lehtelä (born September 6, 1935) is a Finnish rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sääksmäki and is the father of musician and rower Jorma Lehtelä.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Finnish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event. He was also part of the Finnish boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the coxless fours competition.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with his partner Toimi Pitkänen in the coxless pairs event.
At the 1964 Games he and his partner Toimi Pitkänen finished sixth in the coxless pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20749325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749325" title="Javier Calleja">
Javier Calleja

Javier Calleja Revilla (born 12 May 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a left midfielder.
He amassed La Liga totals of 192 games and nine goals over the course of one full decade, mainly with Villarreal (six seasons) and Osasuna (three). He also represented Málaga in the competition, in a professional career which lasted 16 years.
Club career.
After growing unsuccessfully through the ranks of Real Madrid and making his professional debuts with lowly RSD Alcalá, also in the area, Madrid-born Calleja was bought by Villarreal CF, but spent some months with its feeder club CD Onda. He made his first-team debuts in the second division, playing nine games in the 1999–2000 campaign as the side returned to La Liga and contributing with one goal, in the 1–3 away loss against CA Osasuna. 
In his first three seasons in the category Calleja was a very important member for the "Yellow Submarine", scoring four goals in 35 matches in 2001–02. On 5 April 2003 he netted a penalty kick as a late substitute in a 2–0 home win over FC Barcelona, dedicating the goal to his mother who had died hours before; however, the emergence of Santi Cazorla and two consecutive serious knee injuries limited him to just 25 appearances the following three campaigns combined.
In 2006–07, Calleja left Villarreal joining Málaga CF. In Andalusia he was an instant first-choice, appearing in 38 contests in his second season as the club returned to the top flight after a two-year .
After a serious injury to teammate Adriano Rossato, Calleja spent much of the following campaign playing as left back. On 12 June 2009, after his link with Málaga expired, he moved to Osasuna in a 2+1 years deal.

</doc>
<doc id="20749329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749329" title="Little Big Town discography">
Little Big Town discography

The discography of Little Big Town, an American country music group, consists of five studio albums and thirteen singles. 
Little Big Town released their self-titled debut album on Monument Nashville in 2002, though they only managed one Top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart with it. They returned in 2005 with "The Road to Here", which was released on Equity Music Group. This album produced four Top 20 hits, including "Boondocks" and "Bring It on Home," both of which reached the Top Ten. They followed this album with "A Place to Land", though the lead single ("I'm with the Band") was unsuccessful and the group was left without a label shortly after the album's release when Equity folded. Little Big Town was quickly resigned by Capitol Nashville, who re-released "A Place to Land" and promoted two more singles from it. In 2010, Little Big Town scored their first Top 10 hit in four years with "Little White Church," the lead single to their fourth studio album, "The Reason Why". Their fifth studio album, "Tornado", was released on September 11, 2012, and includes the lead single, "Pontoon," which became Little Big Town's first Number One hit on the Hot Country Songs chart. The second single, the title track, reached number two on the Country Airplay chart in 2013.
Music videos.
All of Little Big Town's singles have featured music videos (except "The Reason Why"). The video for "Life in a Northern Town" was filmed live in concert.

</doc>
<doc id="20749343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749343" title="Heinz Brandt">
Heinz Brandt

Generalmajor Heinz Brandt (11 March 1907 – 21 July 1944) was a German Wehrmacht staff officer who served during World War II as an aide to Generalleutnant Adolf Heusinger, who was the head of the operations unit of the General Staff. He is notable for winning an equestrian olympic gold medal and for possibly saving Adolf Hitler's life unwittingly by moving the 20 July plot bomb planted by Oberst Claus von Stauffenberg.
Life and career.
Early life.
He was born in Charlottenburg, Berlin and enlisted in the Reichswehr in 1925. He attended a course at the cavalry school in Hanover from 1927 to 1928 and was commissioned a lieutenant. In 1936 he was a member of the gold medal winning German show jumping team in the equestrian event at the Berlin Summer Olympics, on his horse Alchemy.
World War II.
At the outbreak of World War II he was a Hauptmann on the general staff of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht. After serving in an infantry division he was promoted to Major in January 1941 and Oberstleutnant in April 1942. On 13 March 1943 Generalmajor Henning von Tresckow asked Brandt to carry a package containing bottles of what he claimed was Cointreau onto Hitler's Condor plane for delivery to Oberst Helmuth Stieff as payment for a lost bet. The package in fact contained a primed bomb which in the event failed to detonate.
In May 1943 Brandt was promoted to Oberst.
20 July bomb.
On 20 July 1944 he arrived at the Wolf's Lair headquarters in Rastenburg, East Prussia for a situation conference attended by Hitler. With the assistance of Major Ernst John von Freyend, Oberst von Stauffenberg put a briefcase containing a primed bomb at Brandt's feet as close as possible to Hitler and to the right of General Heusinger who was standing next to him. Stauffenberg then made an excuse that he had a phone call and left the room. Soon after he left Brandt wanted to get a better look at a map on the table, he found the briefcase in his way and moved the briefcase to the other side of a thick strong table leg. Seven minutes later the bomb exploded and blew one of Brandt's legs off.
Death.
Brandt died the next day after surgery in Rastenburg hospital and was posthumously promoted to Generalmajor by Hitler. Three other people also died as a result of the explosion. It was later concluded that its exact positioning next to a leg of the map table was a crucial factor in determining who in the room survived.
In Film.
In the 1971 Eastern Bloc co-production "Liberation: Direction of the Main Blow", Brandt was portrayed by the East German actor Fritz-Ernst Fechner. In the 2008 film "Valkyrie", Heinz Brandt is portrayed by British actor Tom Hollander, who is shown as an antagonist of Claus von Stauffenberg in the beginning of the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20749366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749366" title="Songbook (Woodpigeon album)">
Songbook (Woodpigeon album)

Songbook is the debut studio album by Canadian indie rock band Woodpigeon, originally released in 2006.
Vocalist/guitarist Mark Hamilton states that the album: is a diary set to music of my return to Canada, told in flashback after the introduction of "Home as a Romanticized Concept Where Everyone Loves You Always and Forever." I wanted to wrap sad words with pretty pop music. I wanted to build a mini-orchestra with my friends. I wanted to make a record that was both small and huge, and sometimes both of those things at the same time. Some people get over things by talking about them to anyone who’ll listen, but for me, it’s a lot easier to just sing my heart out and hope whoever’s listening gets a little something out of it too.

</doc>
<doc id="20749380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749380" title="Milton Caraglio">
Milton Caraglio

Milton Joel Caraglio Pérez (born 1 December 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer that currently plays for Argentine Primera División club Arsenal as striker.
He started his football career at Rosario Central youth, being promoted to the first adult team in the 2007 season for play the Apertura Tournament of that year, in where his professional debut came on 17 March against San Lorenzo de Almagro in a 1–0 home defeat and his first goal was scored against Huracán at Buenos Aires during the 2008 Apertura Tournament, scoring the following two seasons, seven goals in 29 games. In July 2010, Caraglio joined West Ham United on trial, making his debut on 28 July when he played for 64 minutes in a 2–0 win against MK Dons. However, he failed to pass the stringent medical that West Ham put him through and he returned to Argentina.
On 2 August 2011, Caraglio completed his move to Major League Soccer side New England Revolution as the team's first ever designated player. After of score three goals in 12 games at the American club, in December of the same year, he signed for Chilean Primera División club Rangers for play the 2012 Apertura Tournament.
In May 2009, Caraglio was called by coach Diego Maradona for a national team formed exclusively with Argentine based players against Panama; however, a knee injury forced him to leave the squad, and Esteban Fuertes was chosen as his substitute in his stead.

</doc>
<doc id="20749385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749385" title="Rukshan Soza">
Rukshan Soza

Rukshan Soza (born Christopher Rukshan Soza on 24 December 1966) was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Berkshire. He was born in Colombo.
Soza, who picked up three Youth Test and two Youth One Day International appearances for Sri Lanka Young Cricketers during a 1986 tour of England, made a single List A appearance for Berkshire, in the 1996 NatWest Trophy.
From the opening order, Soza scored 10 runs, though Berkshire lost the match by a 106-run margin.
He currently works as a freelance Oracle Consultant in UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20749386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749386" title="Lloyd Sluman">
Lloyd Sluman

Lloyd Sluman (born 13 February 1952) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Berkshire. He was born in Helston, Cornwall.
Sluman, who represented Berkshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1984 and 1986, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1985 NatWest Trophy, against Hampshire. From the tailend, Sluman scored 12 not out, and took the wicket of South African-born England Test cricketer Robin Smith.
Since 2007, Sluman has played for Cornwall in the Over-50s County Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20749387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749387" title="Mike Taylor (cricketer, born 1944)">
Mike Taylor (cricketer, born 1944)

Mike Taylor (born George Mike Taylor on 15 August 1944) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Stockport, Cheshire.
Taylor, who represented Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1980 and 1982, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1981 NatWest Trophy, against Hampshire. From the upper-middle order, he scored 10 runs.
Taylor's son, Andrew Bond, played for Suffolk in the Minor Counties Championship between 1996 and 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20749388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749388" title="Bryan Lowe">
Bryan Lowe

Bryan Lowe (born 5 November 1925) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Cheshire. He was born in Worsley, Salford, Lancashire.
Lowe, who had played with the team in the Minor Counties Championship since 1948, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1964 Gillette Cup, against Surrey. From the upper-middle order, he scored a duck.

</doc>
<doc id="20749389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749389" title="Philip Dunkley">
Philip Dunkley

Philip Dunkley (born 3 March 1951) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Cheshire. He was born in Sandbach, Cheshire.
Dunkley, whose career began with Liverpool in the Liverpool and District Cricket Competition in 1971, and who played in the Second XI Championship for Lancashire, made a single List A appearance for Cheshire, during the 1981 NatWest Trophy. From the lower-middle order, he scored 16 before having to retire hurt from the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20749390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749390" title="Ian Cowap">
Ian Cowap

Ian Cowap (born 10 June 1950) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Nantwich, Cheshire.
Cowap, who represented Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1974 and 1983, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1981 NatWest Trophy, against Hampshire. From the lower-middle order, he scored a duck.

</doc>
<doc id="20749391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749391" title="David Parry (English cricketer)">
David Parry (English cricketer)

David Parry (born December 9, 1956) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Middlewich, Cheshire.
Parry, who played two matches in the English Estates Trophy and a single match in the Minor Counties Championship, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1985 NatWest Trophy, against Yorkshire. Parry did not bat in the match, and took bowling figures of 0-32.

</doc>
<doc id="20749392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749392" title="Hugh de Prez">
Hugh de Prez

Hugh de Prez (9 November 1951 – 9 July 2008), born Peter Hugh de Prez, was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born and died in Warrington.
De Prez, who made his debut in the Minor Counties Championship in 1970, but whose most active seasons in the league were 1978 and 1986, made a single List A appearance, in the 1987 NatWest Trophy. He scored 11 runs and took bowling figures of 0-33 from 9 overs.

</doc>
<doc id="20749393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749393" title="Simon Dyson (cricketer)">
Simon Dyson (cricketer)

Simon Dyson (born 14 February 1948) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Guildford, Surrey.
Dyson, who played for Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship and Holt Cup between 1988 and 1989, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1989 NatWest Trophy. From the tailend, he scored a duck.

</doc>
<doc id="20749394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749394" title="John Potts (cricketer)">
John Potts (cricketer)

John Potts (born 4 July 1960) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
Potts, who played for one season with Leicestershire Second XI, having previously played for Staffordshire, made his debut List A appearance in the 1992 NatWest Trophy, against Cheshire. From the lower order, he scored a duck with the bat, and took figures of 0-47 with the ball. 
He played in the following year's competition, against Nottinghamshire, taking one wicket and scoring a single run.

</doc>
<doc id="20749395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749395" title="Timothy Standing">
Timothy Standing

Timothy Paul Andrew Standing (born 6 August 1964 in Hyde, Cheshire) is a former English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Cheshire.
Standing, who debuted for Cheshire in the 1992 Holt Cup, and who played in the Minor Counties Championship between 1992 and 1993, made two List A appearances for the team, in the NatWest Trophy. From the lower order, he scored a duck in his first match, and two runs in his second.

</doc>
<doc id="20749396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749396" title="Paul Simmonite">
Paul Simmonite

Paul Simmonite (born 17 March 1971) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Burnley, Lancashire.
Simmonite began his career in the Lancashire League, in which he played for Colne between 1985 and 1990. He played for Derbyshire Second XI between 1990 and 1992.
Simmonite played for Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship during the 1994 season, making a single List A appearance for the team, against Durham. From the opening order, he scored two runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20749397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749397" title="Andrew Greasley">
Andrew Greasley

Andrew Greasley (born 23 March 1960) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Leicester.
Greasley, who played for Leicestershire Second XI in the Second XI Championship between 1979 and 1983, before taking seven years out of the game, played for Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1990 and 1997.
Greasley made a two List A appearances for the team, between 1995 and 1996, in the NatWest Trophy. From the tailend, he scored 2 runs in the first match in which he played, and a duck in the second. 

</doc>
<doc id="20749398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749398" title="Edward Garnett (cricketer)">
Edward Garnett (cricketer)

Edward Garnett (born 2 June 1965) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Lancaster.
Garnett, who represented Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1993 and 2000, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1996 NatWest Trophy, against Cheshire. From the lower order, he scored 0 not out.

</doc>
<doc id="20749399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749399" title="Paul Tipton">
Paul Tipton

Paul Tipton (born 26 May 1954) was an English cricketer and is now one of the UK's leading dentists. 
He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Lancashire and Cheshire. He was born in Manchester.
Paul Tipton played for England Schools U-19's in 1972 and 1973 and joined the Lancashire staff in 1974. He played for Lancashire from 1974 until 1978. He then represented Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1980 and 1983 and made two single List A appearances against Middlesex and also Kent in the NatWest Trophy. 
He was also part of the Cheshire team that won the inaugural Minor Counties knock out cup in 1983.
Paul Tipton then went on to pursue a career in dentistry. He is now an internationally acclaimed Prosthodontist who has worked in private practice for more than 30 years. He is the founder of Tipton Training Ltd, one of the UK’s leading private dental training academies and the author of over 100 scientific articles for the dental press.
He was voted one of the ‘most influential dentists in the UK’ by his peers in Dentistry Magazine in 2013 and finished in the top three dentists in Aesthetic Dentistry’s poll in November 2012.
Dr Tipton qualified from Sheffield University in 1978 and in 1982 opened his own referral practice in Manchester. He continued to build his skills, studying at Eastman Dental Hospital in London, where after two years of study, he obtained a Masters Degree in Conservative Dentistry in 1989. In the same year he started teaching on the University of Manchester’s MSc in Restorative Dentistry. He is now a lecturer on their MSc programme in Aesthetic and Restorative Dentistry and also lectures at Kings College London (LonDEC).
In 1992, Dr Tipton was awarded an honorary Diploma in General Dental Practice from the Royal College of Surgeons of England and was appointed a member of the British Dental Association’s Independent Practice Committee. In 1999, he was certified as a Specialist in Prosthodontics by the General Dental Council.
In 2013, Paul was awarded with the title of ‘Visiting Professor' following his appointment as programme leader for the City of London Dental School’s new MClintDent modules in Restorative and Cosmetic dentistry. He uses his expertise to assist the faculty in delivering one of six postgraduate dental programmes at BPP University.
Dr Tipton is also on the editorial board of Private Dentistry Magazine, Restorative & Aesthetic Practice and Implant Dentistry and is a medical writer and part of the advisory board at Expert Beauty Magazine and ‘Woman’s’ magazine. He was a founding member and on the Board of Directors of the British Academy of Aesthetic Dentistry and the British Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry.
He is currently the President of the British Academy for Restorative Dentistry and was recently elected Fellow of the International Academy of Dental Facial Esthetics (IADFE).

</doc>
<doc id="20749401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749401" title="Stuart Cummings (cricketer)">
Stuart Cummings (cricketer)

Stuart Cummings (born 17 November 1960) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Cheshire. He was born in Whitehaven, Cumberland.
Cummings, who represented Cheshire in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship between 1986 and 1987, made two appearances in the NatWest Trophy. In his debut against Surrey, he scored 1 not out and took two stumpings.
In his second match, the following year, against Glamorgan, he scored a duck.

</doc>
<doc id="20749408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749408" title="Australian Air Defence Areas">
Australian Air Defence Areas

The Australian Air Defence Areas were air defence commands set up in Australia, during World War II, as part of the South West Pacific Area (SWPA).
Five areas for air defence purposes were created.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20749412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749412" title="Strategic studies">
Strategic studies

Strategic studies is an interdisciplinary academic field centered on the study of conflict and peace, whether as an independent or a dependent variable. It has often devoted special attention to the relationship between international politics, geostrategy, international diplomacy, international economics, and military power (Strategy), such as the role of intelligence, diplomacy, and international cooperation for security and defense. The subject is normally taught at the post-graduate academic or professional, usually Strategic-Political and Strategic-Military levels.
The academic foundations of the subject began with classic texts initially from the Orient such as Sun Tzu’s "Art of War", went onto a European focus with Von Clausewitz’s "On War". In recent times, the major conflicts of the nineteenth century and the two World Wars have spurred strategic thinkers such as Mahan, Giulio Douhet, Liddell Hart and, later, Andre Beaufre.
The subject is taught at the University of Exeter, University of Aberdeen, University of Reading, University of Hull, King's College London, University of Leeds, University of Rome III, Università degli Studi di Milano and Aberystwyth University in Europe; at Georgetown University, Johns Hopkins University, Missouri State University, Temple University, the U.S. Army War College, Air War College, U.S. Naval War College and the National Defense University in the United States, in Malaysia University of Malaya, and University of Allahabad, in India. Other institutions teaching strategic studies include the National Academy of Political and Strategic Studies, Ministry of Defense, Chile, Australian National University, University of Calgary and the Royal Military College in Canada, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul and Universidade Federal Fluminense in Brazil, the Université Paris 13 Nord in France, University of Punjab & Institute of Strategic Studies Islamabad Pakistan, and the University of Granada in Spain. Turkish War Academy has also Strategic Research Institute (SAREN) in which the subject is taught at both masters and doctoral levels.

</doc>
<doc id="20749420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749420" title="History of the Jews in Kenya">
History of the Jews in Kenya

The Jewish community in Kenya dates back to the 1900s when, in 1903, the British colonial secretary Joseph Chamberlain offered the Zionists a part of the territory in Kenya and Uganda known as the Uganda Program for their own autonomous country at the Sixth Zionist Congress. The suggestion created much controversy among the international Jewish community, and was rejected at the Seventh Zionist Congress, in 1905. Although this proposal was reverted, several Jewish families immigrated to Kenya. In 1913, there were 20 Jewish families living in Kenya. Most resided in Nairobi. When the Holocaust ended, some Jews started to immigrate to Kenya. The Jewish community also built a synagogue there. As of 2008 there were about 400 Kenyan Jews. The community mainly resides in Nairobi. Shabbat services are held.

</doc>
<doc id="20749427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749427" title="Toimi Pitkänen">
Toimi Pitkänen

Toimi Johannes Pitkänen (born May 23, 1928) is a Finnish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kuhmalahti.
In 1952 particiated with the Finnish boat in the coxed pairs competition and finished sixth.
Four years later he was a crew member of the Finnish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event. He was also part of the Finnish boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the coxless fours competition.
At the 1960 Games he won the bronze medal with his partner Veli Lehtelä in the coxless pairs event.
His last Olympic appearance was in 1964 when he and his partner Veli Lehtelä finished sixth in the coxless pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20749479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749479" title="Giuseppe De Stefano">
Giuseppe De Stefano

Giuseppe De Stefano (born Reggio Calabria, 1 December 1969) is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, the Calabrian mafia. He was a fugitive from 2003 until his capture on 10 December 2008, in his hometown Reggio Calabria. He was arrested in an apartment in the centre of Reggio Calabria, accompanied by his wife and children. He was unarmed and did not resist arrest. During his time on the run he was included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy.
He is the son of 'Ndrangheta boss Paolo De Stefano, who was murdered in 1985, and he is considered to be one of the highest-ranking leaders of the 'Ndrangheta. He has been sentenced "in absentia" to 18 years in prison on charges of drug trafficking and 30 years for membership of a criminal organisation.
He had taken over the leadership of the De Stefano 'ndrina after the arrest of his father’s brother Orazio De Stefano in February 2004. His elder brother Carmine De Stefano had been arrested in December 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20749484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749484" title="W39BT">
W39BT

W39BT is a Christian religious television station in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The station broadcasts locally on channel 39 as an affiliate of TBN.
TBN took W39BT silent April 13, 2010 due to declining support, which has been attributed to the digital transition. W39BT returned to the air on April 11, 2011. On April 13, 2012, TBN sold 36 of its translators, including W39BT, to Regal Media, a broadcasting group headed by George Cooney, the CEO of the EUE/Screen Gems studios.

</doc>
<doc id="20749485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749485" title="Desmoxytoides">
Desmoxytoides

Desmoxytoides hasenpuschorum is a species of millipede and the only species in the monotypic genus Desmoxytoides. It lives in Australia. This species is closely related to the dragon millipedes of the genus "Desmoxytes", and there is some speculation, even by Robert Mesibov, the genus authority, that the split may not be necessary. While "Desmoxytoides hasenpuschorum" is similar to the millipedes of "Desmoxytes" in paranotal form and metatergite sculpture, it has a simpler gonopod telopodite with an unprotected solenomere which gives it its own monotypic genus. This species has the ability to produce hydrogen cyanide to ward off predators.

</doc>
<doc id="20749496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749496" title="Yorkshire Main Colliery">
Yorkshire Main Colliery

Yorkshire Main Colliery was a coal mine situated within the village of Edlington, south west of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.
The colliery was created by the Staveley Coal and Iron Company, which bought land in Edlington and leased the right to exploit the coal reserves under this and adjoining land from the Battie-Wrightson of Cusworth estate in several transactions in 1909 and 1910. William Wrightson of Cusworth had acquired the Edlington estate in 1803 from the Molesworth family, which had owned it since the late seventeenth century.
Two shafts were sunk in 1909 and 1910. The new colliery, originally known as "Edlington Main" had a name change in September 1911 and became "Yorkshire Main". It reached the Barnsley seam at a depth of 905 yards in July 1911, however this was on a fault. The main seam was relocated in October 1912. Extraction of the Dunsil seam, about 18 yards lower, began in the 1950s, and the Swallow Wood seam in the 1970s. Plans had also been made to open up the Parkgate seam, but these were abandoned when the mine was closed in 1985.
The Colliery first produced a million tons of coal in 1923 and in 1939 it achieved a record output of 1,138,512 tons.
Underground, the colliery covered an area of about one and a half by three miles. Neighbouring pits were Rossington Colliery to the east, Maltby Main Colliery to the south, Silverwood Colliery to the south-west, and Cadeby Colliery to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20749498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749498" title="Shōun">
Shōun

Shōun, Shôun, and Shoun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20749499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749499" title="Paul Marak">
Paul Marak

Paul Patrick Marak (born August 2, 1965 in Lakenheath, England), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Atlanta Braves. He batted and threw right-handed. Marak had a 1-2 record, with a 3.69 ERA, in seven games, in his one year career. 
Marak attended Trinidad State Junior College in Trinidad, Colorado. He was drafted by the Braves in the 11th round of the 1985 amateur draft. He retired from professional baseball in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20749510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749510" title="Matti Niemi (rower)">
Matti Niemi (rower)

Matti Juhani Niemi (born 6 June 1937) is a Finnish rower.
He was born in Viljakkala. At the 1956 Summer Olympics he was the coxswain of the Finnish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20749558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749558" title="Project Thread">
Project Thread

Project Thread was a Canadian police operation that resulted in the arrest of 24 immigrants in the Greater Toronto Area in 2003 amidst incorrect allegations they formed a threat to national security, and maintained "suspected ties to al-Qaeda". It was later determined that police had based their operation on "flimsy evidence and stereotypes".
After investigating an unregistered diploma mill, police had seized a copy of the names of the 400 students who had attended the school and arrested 24 of them, allegedly gathering the Muslim names off the list and finding dubious connections between them to report as a disrupted terrorist plot. Among the accusations, authorities alleged that the "al-Qaeda sleeper cell" had experimented with explosives, that one had taken flight training and others had been seen loitering around the Pickering power plant, and may have been targeting the CN Tower in Toronto. After criticism that the Muslim community in Canada had ignored the plight of the falsely accused men, 18 different men from the Greater Toronto Area were arrested three years later by Canadian authorities and charged with almost identical offences.
Eventually the government backed away from its initial alarms of terrorism, and re-labeled the case a simple charge of "immigration fraud". When they were eventually deported from the country, despite the admission they "faced the possibility of persecution", the men found themselves harassed and threatened by a country that now believed they were terrorists. 
The men claimed that their lawyers and friends had been threatened and harassed by Canadian authorities. Critics claimed the arrests had been "trying to placate US security officials".
Entry to Canada.
The men were held at Maplehurst Correctional Complex. Each was also noted as having the name "Muhammad" in their full name.
All of the men had entered the country on student visas between January 1998 and September 5, 2001, and a number of them had cited Ottawa Business College (OBC) as their chosen institution. The former director of the school which had closed in 2001, Luther Samuel, admitted to selling C$700 registration letters to approximately 400 immigration applicants to improve their ability to apply for residence in Canada, and offering small amateurly produced courses across six rented classrooms. When the students expressed fears this was just a diploma mill taking thousands of dollars in tuition money from them, the director assured them they were just in a small branch of a larger downtown school. Those who left the school, realising that it was a scam, said they were afraid they would lose their immigration status if they reported the situation to police.
Investigation.
The investigation began when suspicions were raised about Khalid Jahinger, who left Lahore, Pakistan to travel to Nanaimo, British Columbia, on a student visa in December 1998. He moved to Ontario where he studied at OBC and George Brown College. He travelled to Mexico City to apply for permanent residency, which must be done from outside the country, where his C$40,000 bank account — inheritance from his recently deceased father — raised eyebrows and led to the beginning of the investigation. In May 2003, police stormed his apartment and arrested him and his roommate Aamir Nadeem and held them for five months until they volunteered to be deported to end their detention. Upon his return to Pakistan, Jahinger was questioned for eight full hours and released.
The remaining students at OBC were under investigation for months by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Immigration services.
Arrests.
The first 19 arrests, carried out by an anti-terrorism taskforce, occurred on August 14, 2003, targeting 18 men from Punjab, Pakistan and one from southern India.
The later arrests involved the following;
For five days following the arrests, the men were held incommunicado and not allowed access to lawyers. It was ten days before Pakistani consular officials were notified about the arrests.
The men were initially asked to give Canadian interrogators the location of Osama bin Laden, despite the fact they protested that they had never had any contact with militants or been to Afghanistan. One was accused of having given money to Global Relief Foundation, a charity later blacklisted for supporting Islamic militancy. An apartment "linked to the men" was also alleged to have had a poster of airplane schematics on the wall, as well as a picture of guns, while another apartment had an "unexplained" fire in the kitchen leading to claims that it "could" have been from testing explosives.
Immigration official Stephanie Mackay stated that several of the men had travelled to the United States between May 2001 and January 2002, noting that the September 11th attacks occurred in that timeframe, leading the "National Post" to announce a possible link between the immigrants and the terrorist attack.
Legal hearings.
Aziz was the first of the men to be given a legal hearing, at which he was denied bail. The following day, Mohammad Akhtar was released on C$10,000 bail.
A number of the arrested men appeared "confused" at their bail hearings, and did not have legal representation. Some voluntarily offered to be deported.
Former Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) director Reid Morden was interviewed by the CBC, and stated that the arrests were legitimate, since the agency needs "only to suspect someone of being a threat before it can act".
Aftermath.
Once in Pakistan, Muhammad Asif Aziz, Muhammad Wahid, Kashif Siddiq, Imran Yunus Khan and Mudassar Awan announced their intentions to sue the government of Canada for falsely accusing them of terrorism and ruining their lives. 
Canadian politician Diane Ablonczy argued that the arrests had made Canada less safe, since the embarrassment would leave law enforcement skittish in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20749570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749570" title="Kranji Racecourse">
Kranji Racecourse

The Singapore Racecourse is a venue for Thoroughbred horse racing in the Kranji area of Singapore. Built and operated by the Singapore Turf Club, it opened in 2000 as a modern replacement for the Bukit Timah Race Course.
The Singapore Racecourse hosts a number of important domestic races as well as two major international events, the Singapore Airlines International Cup and the KrisFlyer International Sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="20749593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749593" title="FaceKoo">
FaceKoo

Facekoo is a social networking service created and designed by the Facekoo,Inc. which targets the Chinese-Language market. It offers a unique way of face recognition system to connect each member in order to create a social circle. According to Alexa ranking, its page views went beyond MySpace China for a while in November 2008 and December 2008.
Launch.
Facekoo () is a social networking branch created by a private proprietorship, the Facekoo, Inc.,based in Beijing, China. Facekoo, its name is derived from face and koo (a homonym for cool in Chinese). In the Chinese-language based market, this innovative social networking target on teenagers and the adolescents.
FaceKoo was created by co-founders Calvin Pak, CEO, David Yan, Chief technical officer, and Sheryl Liu, CMO, which are all well-educated Chinese Americans with extensive business track records in the Silicon Valley. Facekoo offers numerous features, such as one of the most representative capability, Mojing, a magic mirror that can link users to another Facekoo member by systematically of facial analysis. Facial features can be opted by users in which they can find their ideal “koo-friend”. Online games and other interactive applications are also fascinating features available on Facekoo.
Facekoo has rapidly grown since the initial in March, 2008 in China. The Facebook sound alike website, Facekoo, is considered as one of the major Chinese social networking site that can fit into the Eastern culture, said Facekoo’s founder. According to San Francisco Chronicle, Facekoo has 350000 users since its introduction in 2004. Another database, CrunchBase, stated that Facekoo already possess more than 1.2 million members since they launched this social media networking in March, 2008.
Competition.
Facekoo has earned profits from online advertising, sale of digital goods and their special e-commerce operation. Koo-dollar, a virtual currency used in Facekoo, allows you to purchase any additional digital goods. Although Facekoo has earned over 7 million koo-dollar, Facekoo’s leading income sources are still sourcing from online advertising.
Pengyou is another popular social network that has million of users and growing. 360quan is a major rival of Facekoo that has received more than $20 million USD in funding but is still behind Facekoo in daily ranking. While Facekoo is ahead of 360quan, its page views have also exceeded Cyworld China, which is the most popular site in Korea, and iPart China, the most visited site in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="20749604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749604" title="Len Henson">
Len Henson

Leonard "Len" Henson (6 August 1921 - 8 May 2008) is an English former professional footballer. He joined Gillingham at the conclusion of the Second World War, and was a regular in the team which won the Kent League in the 1945–46 season. After the club moved up to the Southern League in 1946 his first team chances were limited, but he did manage 12 appearances in the 1948–49 season when the team won the Southern League championship. He remained on the books at Priestfield Stadium even after Gillingham gained election to The Football League in 1950, but played only eight League matches in three seasons before moving to non-league Whitstable Town as player-manager. He eventually gave up playing in 1956. In 1967 he was appointed manager of another Kent-based non-league club, Maidstone United, but his spell in charge was short.

</doc>
<doc id="20749605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749605" title="Yves Hocdé">
Yves Hocdé

Yves Hocdé (born 29 April 1973 in Nantes) is a French competition rower, world champion and Olympic champion.
Hocdé won a gold medal in "Lightweight coxless fours", at the 2000 Summer Olympics . He is world champion from 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20749606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749606" title="Segura de León">
Segura de León

Segura de León is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 2,170 (2007) and an area of 106 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20749617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749617" title="Canebrake (region of Alabama)">
Canebrake (region of Alabama)

The Canebrake refers to a historical region of west-central Alabama that was once dominated by thickets of "Arundinaria", a type of bamboo, or cane, native to North America. It was centered on the junction of the Tombigbee and Black Warrior rivers, near Demopolis, and extended eastward to include large parts of Hale, Marengo, and Perry counties. Portions of Greene and Sumter were also often included.
Cane thickets once covered hundreds of thousands of acres in Alabama, but this area, lying within the Black Belt, had the most extensive stands and was known as "The Canebrake." It was noted by naturalist William Bartram as he traveled along the Tombigbee River in 1775. He described cane that was "thick as a man's arm, or three or four inches in diameter; I suppose one joint of some of them would contain above a quart of water." 
The cane began to disappear with the large-scale arrival of white settlers following the Creek Wars. The settler's introduced crops that replaced the native cane and their suppression of fire allowed the cane in other areas to be overtaken by species that would have naturally been kept in check by fire. However, as late as 1845 Scottish geologist Charles Lyell noted the height and density of the canebrakes along the Black Warrior River.

</doc>
<doc id="20749642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749642" title="Computing the permanent">
Computing the permanent

In mathematics, the computation of the permanent of a matrix is a problem that is known to be more difficult than the computation of the determinant of a matrix despite the apparent similarity of the definitions.
The permanent is defined similarly to the determinant, as a sum of products of sets of matrix entries that lie in distinct rows and columns. However, where the determinant weights each of these products with a ±1 sign based on the parity of the set, the permanent weights them all with a +1 sign.
While the determinant can be computed in polynomial time by Gaussian elimination, the permanent cannot. In computational complexity theory, a theorem of Valiant states that computing permanents, even of matrices in which all entries are 0 or 1, is #P-complete putting the computation of the permanent in a class of problems believed to be even more difficult to compute than NP. It is known that computing the permanent is impossible for logspace-uniform ACC0 circuits .
The development of both exact and approximate algorithms for computing the permanent of a matrix is an active area of research.
Definition and naive algorithm.
The permanent of an "n"-by-"n" matrix "A" = ("a""i,j") is defined as
The sum here extends over all elements σ of the symmetric group "S""n", i.e. over all permutations of the numbers 1, 2, ..., "n". This formula differs from the corresponding formula for the determinant only in that, in the determinant, each product is multiplied by the sign of the permutation σ while in this formula each product is unsigned. The formula may be directly translated into an algorithm that naively expands the formula, summing over all permutations and within the sum multiplying out each matrix entry. This requires "n!" "n" arithmetic operations.
Ryser formula.
The fastest known general exact algorithm is due to Herbert John Ryser ().
Ryser’s method is based on an inclusion–exclusion formula that can be given as follows: Let formula_2 be obtained from "A" by deleting "k" columns, let formula_3 be the product of the row-sums of formula_2, and let formula_5 be the sum of the values of formula_3 over all possible formula_2. Then 
It may be rewritten in terms of the matrix entries as follows
Ryser’s formula can be evaluated using formula_10 arithmetic operations, or formula_11 by processing the sets formula_12 in Gray code order.
Glynn formula.
Another formula that appears to be as fast as Ryser's is closely related to the polarization identity for a symmetric tensor .
It has the formula (when the characteristic of the field is not two)
where the outer sum is over all formula_14 vectors formula_15.
Special cases.
Planar and "K"3,3-free.
The number of perfect matchings in a bipartite graph is counted by the permanent of the graph's biadjacency matrix, and the permanent of any 0-1 matrix can be interpreted in this way as the number of perfect matchings in a graph. For planar graphs (regardless of bipartiteness), the FKT algorithm computes the number of perfect matchings in polynomial time by changing the signs of a carefully chosen subset of the entries in the Tutte matrix of the graph, so that the Pfaffian of the resulting skew-symmetric matrix (the square root of its determinant) is the number of perfect matchings. This technique can be generalized to graphs that contain no subgraph homeomorphic to the complete bipartite graph "K"3,3.
George Pólya had asked the question of when it is possible to change the signs of some of the entries of a 01 matrix A so that the determinant of the new matrix is the permanent of A. Not all 01 matrices are "convertible" in this manner; in fact it is known () that
there is no linear map formula_16 such that formula_17 for all formula_18 matrices formula_19. The characterization of "convertible" matrices was given by who showed that such matrices are precisely those that are the biadjacency matrix of bipartite graphs that have a Pfaffian orientation: an orientation of the edges such that for every even cycle formula_20 for which formula_21 has a perfect matching, there are an odd number of edges directed along C (and thus an odd number with the opposite orientation). It was also shown that these graphs are exactly those that do not contain a subgraph homeomorphic to formula_22, as above.
Computation modulo a number.
Modulo 2, the permanent is the same as the determinant, as formula_23 It can also be computed modulo formula_24 in time formula_25 for formula_26. However, it is UP-hard to compute the permanent modulo any number that is not a power of 2. 
There are various formulae given by for the computation modulo a prime formula_27.
Firstly there is one using symbolic calculations with partial derivatives.
Secondly for formula_28 there is the following formula (Grigoriy Kogan, 1996) using the determinants of the principal
submatrices of the matrix:
where formula_30 is the principal submatrix of formula_19 induced by the rows and columns of formula_19
indexed by formula_33, and formula_34 is the complement of formula_33 in formula_36
(The determinant of an empty submatrix is defined to be 1).
This formula implies the following identities over fields of Characteristic 3 (Grigoriy Kogan, 1996):
for any invertible formula_19
for any unitary formula_33 , i.e. a square matrix formula_33 such that formula_41 ,
where formula_43 is the matrix whose entries are the cubes of the corresponding entries of formula_33.
Approximate computation.
When the entries of "A" are nonnegative, the permanent can be computed approximately in probabilistic polynomial time, up to an error of ε"M", where "M" is the value of the permanent and ε > 0 is arbitrary. In other words, there exists a fully polynomial-time randomized approximation scheme (FPRAS) ().
The most difficult step in the computation is the construction of an algorithm to sample almost uniformly from the set of all perfect matchings in a given bipartite graph: in other words, a fully polynomial almost uniform sampler (FPAUS). This can be done using a Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithm that uses a Metropolis rule to define and run a Markov chain whose distribution is close to uniform, and whose mixing time is polynomial.
It is possible to approximately count the number of perfect matchings in a graph via the self-reducibility of the permanent, by using the FPAUS in combination with a well-known reduction from sampling to counting due to . Let formula_45 denote the number of perfect matchings in formula_46. Roughly, for any particular edge formula_47 in formula_46, by sampling many matchings in formula_46 and counting how many of them are matchings in formula_50, one can obtain an estimate of the ratio formula_51. The number formula_45 is then formula_53, where formula_54 can be approximated by applying the same method recursively.

</doc>
<doc id="20749675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749675" title="Davy (album)">
Davy (album)

Davy is Coconut Records' 2009 second release. The album is, as was "Nighttiming", the product of Jason Schwartzman, who wrote all of the songs and performs the majority of the instruments.
The first official single for the album was "Microphone". A portion of "Any Fun" is in a teaser video on the Coconut Records MySpace page. The tracklisting and album art first appeared on the independent online music store Amie Street.
Like "Nighttiming", the CD pressing of "Davy" contains demo and alternate versions of the album's songs after the final track.
The songs "Wires" and "I Am Young" were featured on the "Funny People" original soundtrack.
Two music videos were made for this album; "Microphone" and "Any Fun".
Cover art.
The album's artwork was inspired by the book cover of the Penguin Books' edition of Aldous Huxley's novel Island.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jason Schwartzman.

</doc>
<doc id="20749679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749679" title="Stadler KISS">
Stadler KISS

The Stadler KISS is a bilevel electric multiple unit commuter train developed by Stadler Rail of Switzerland. It is operated by the Swiss Federal Railways under the classification RABe 511. In the early stages of development it was known as the Stadler DOSTO.
Name.
The original name, "DOSTO", is derived from the German word "Doppelstock", meaning "double decker". Since September 2010, Stadler refers to the train as "KISS", an acronym for "komfortabler innovativer spurtstarker S-Bahn-Zug", meaning "comfortable, innovative, sprint-capable suburban train".
The trains's power plant is capable of delivering brief bursts (several minutes) of "sprint" power, over 6,000 kilowatts, enabling it to overtake other trains on short express tracks.
Features.
The KISS vehicles are the third generation of vehicles for the S-Bahn Zürich. Compared to previous generations, they are characterized mainly by a higher number of standing passengers per car, in part because the longer trains have proportionately fewer cabs. Also, 15 cm width was won by placing the HVAC channels under the ceiling instead of the side panel. The headroom is still two meters, because friction stir welded floor panels made from aluminium extrusions are used. The number of seats, however, is slightly lower than in the previous models. Like in the KISS's predecessors, low-floor entrances, vehicle air conditioning and vacuum toilets (two, including one wheelchair accessible) are available. There are also two multi-functional areas with storage space for strollers, bicycles and the like.
The six-car train set consists of two power cars and four trailers. In the power heads, all axles are powered.
Customers.
In 2008, the Swiss Federal Railways ordered 50 units, at a price of 1 billion CHF, for use in the Zürich S-Bahn. The first trains were scheduled to be delivered in 2010. The first train entered service on S-Bahn line S14 in December 2011 under the designation RABe 511. Trains were subsequently transferred onto the S12 and S15 lines, where they are a common sight. They can also be found on S5 services, particularly on weekends.
On 15 April 2010, prior to the delivery of the first train, SBB confirmed an option for purchasing a further 24 four-car trains of the same type. Of the total 74 units are 13 six-car and 24 four-car trains to be used on regional express lines between Geneva-Lausanne, Zürich, Schaffhausen, Basel-Frick, Zürich, Bern, Biel and Bern-Olten. The remaining trains are intended for the Zürich S-Bahn.
On 12 October 2010, Stadler announced an order of 8 dual-voltage, three-car KISS trainsets for Luxemburgian railways CFL. They will be used on the Luxemburg - Koblenz relation.
WESTbahn in Austria also operate 7 six-car long KISS trainsets, on their services between Vienna and Salzburg in competition to the government-owned ÖBB.
In February 2013 it was announced that the Russian Aeroexpress operator ordered 16 four-car and eight six-car KISS units for usage for Moscow airport shuttle services.

</doc>
<doc id="20749736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749736" title="Bremen school shooting">
Bremen school shooting

The Bremen school shooting was a school shooting that occurred on June 20, 1913 at St. Mary's Catholic School ("St.-Marien-Schule") in Walle, a quarter of Bremen, Germany. The gunman, 29-year-old unemployed teacher Heinz Schmidt from Sülze, indiscriminately shot at students and teachers, causing the death of five girls and wounding more than 20 other people, before being subdued by school staff. He was never tried for the crime and sent directly to an asylum where he died in 1932.
Shooting.
At approximately 11:00 a.m. Heinz Schmidt entered St. Mary's Catholic School, carrying a briefcase packed with six to ten revolvers or Browning pistols (depending on sources) and about 1000 rounds of ammunition, which he had bought several weeks prior to the shooting. Because of the large number of rounds, the owner of the gun-shop, where Schmidt had bought his arsenal, deemed it necessary to contact police, though the incident was not found to be important and thus not investigated any further.
In the hallway on the first floor Schmidt encountered Marie Pohl, a teacher at the school, who was just stepping out of classroom 8b, and, seeing his agitated appearance, questioned him about his business at school. Without answer, Schmidt proceeded to shoot at her, barely missing her head. While Miss Pohl fled into a classroom nearby Schmidt entered room 8b, which was occupied by 65 girls, most of them being 6 or 7 years old, and immediately began firing at them. Also shooting at the children after they hid under their tables the gunman instantly killed two of them and wounded another 15. When the girls fled out of the classroom, Schmidt followed them, still shooting. While trying to escape, one of the girls fell down the stairs, broke her neck and died.
The gunman then went back and unsuccessfully tried to enter another classroom that had been locked by a teacher who had realized what had been happening. Schmidt shot at the school janitor, Butz, who attempted to apprehend him, hitting him in the face, before going upstairs where he was tackled by teacher Hubert Möllmann. When Schmidt managed to break free from Möllmann's grip he shot the teacher twice, hitting him in the stomach and shoulder, whereupon he proceeded to shoot out of a window at the children on the schoolyard, injuring five boys. The shots also wounded a roofer working nearby, who, together with his colleagues and other people alarmed by the shooting, then rushed into the school building, though as they arrived on the first floor the gunman had already been subdued by janitor Butz and a teacher named Hartlage. When Schmidt was led away by police he was met by an angry crowd outside, which beat him up and attempted to lynch him, until the police officers managed to hold the mob at bay with their sabres.
In total, Schmidt had fired 35 rounds, three girls died instantly, while two more later succumbed to their wounds – the last victim dying some time in mid-July – and 18 children, as well as three other persons were injured.
Victims.
Five schoolgirls had died in the shooting, one indirectly:
More than 30,000 people attended the funeral procession when the girls were brought to the cemetery.
Perpetrator.
Heinz Jakob Friedrich Ernst Schmidt was born in Sülze on September 24, 1883. He worked as a teacher at a school in Stolp until May 1912, when he had to quit due to a mental breakdown. After a stay at a sanatorium and having to quit another job afterwards he went to Bremen in December the same year. People later described him as an odd and shy person.
According to letters he had written, Schmidt felt strong resentments against the Jesuits, calling them a danger for the people and holding them responsible for the death of his father, a pastor, who had died the day before the shooting. Schmidt was examined at the St. Jürgen-asylum in Ellen, where he was found to be insane. He remained there until March 31, 1932 when he died of tuberculosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20749745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749745" title="Manfred Rulffs">
Manfred Rulffs

Manfred Rulffs (March 6, 1935 – January 15, 2007) was a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kiel and died in Ratzeburg.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20749755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749755" title="Chicks 'n Chained Males">
Chicks 'n Chained Males

"Chicks 'n Chained Males" is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Esther M. Friesner with the assistance of Martin H. Greenberg, with a cover by Larry Elmore. It consists of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in May 1999. It was the third of a number of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner.
The book collects eighteen short stories by various fantasy authors, with an introduction by Friesner.

</doc>
<doc id="20749764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749764" title="1993–94 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1993–94 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1993–94 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 67th season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Two, then the third tier of English football, finishing nineteenth.

</doc>
<doc id="20749799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749799" title="Xavier Dorfman">
Xavier Dorfman

Xavier Dorfmann (born 12 May 1973 in Grenoble) is a French competition rower and Olympic champion.
Dorfmann won a gold medal in "Lightweight coxless fours", at the 2000 Summer Olympics .

</doc>
<doc id="20749800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749800" title="Walter Schröder">
Walter Schröder

Walter Schröder (born December 29, 1932) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20749809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749809" title="Porto Santo Golfe">
Porto Santo Golfe

Porto Santo Golfe is a 27-hole golf club on the scenic island of Porto Santo in Madeira, Portugal. It opened on 1 October 2004 and was designed by the Spanish 5-time major winner, Seve Ballesteros.
The 7,041 yard, par 72 layout features spectacular views, particularly on the back nine, as holes 13, 14 and 15 run alongside the rugged coastline. The signature hole is the par 3 13th, which measures 200 yards and requires a shot over a gorge to reach the cliff-top green.
In addition to the full length course, there is a nine-hole pitch and putt. There are also tennis facilities and a horse riding centre on-site.
Porto Santo Golfe hosts the Madeira Islands Open on the European Tour. Changes made to the course for the tournament include a new back tee for the 14th and the shortening of the par 5 3rd, so that it plays as a par 4. The course therefore plays as a 6,983 yard par 71 as opposed to the standard par 72 layout.

</doc>
<doc id="20749818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749818" title="Pequea Valley High School">
Pequea Valley High School

Pequea Valley High School is the only secondary school in the Pequea Valley School District. It is located in Kinzers, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, USA.
Statistics.
Attendance at Pequea Valley Senior High School during the 2005–2006 school year was 92.91%, somewhat higher than the 87.97% scored in the prior year. Students were 57.1% proficient in math, 73.4% proficient in reading.
In 2012, the school's varsity soccer team won the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="20749828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749828" title="Frank Schepke">
Frank Schepke

Frank Schepke (born April 5, 1935) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Königsberg, Germany.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20749851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749851" title="Mark Thomas (disambiguation)">
Mark Thomas (disambiguation)

Mark Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20749854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749854" title="Kraft Schepke">
Kraft Schepke

Kraft Schepke (born March 3, 1934) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Königsberg, Germany.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20749862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749862" title="Haruka (Melody song)">
Haruka (Melody song)

This is single is also her last with Toy's Factory. Her next release was her fourth album, "Lei Aloha", and she subsequently released a " collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20749864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749864" title="List of most-listened-to radio programs">
List of most-listened-to radio programs

In the United States radio listenership is gauged by Arbitron and others for both commercial radio and public radio. Arbitron and similar services provide estimates by regional market and by standard daypart, but does not compile nationwide information by host. Because there are significant gaps in Arbitron's coverage in rural areas, and because there are only a few markets where Arbitron's proprietary data can be compared against competing ratings measurers, there is a great deal of estimation and interpolation when attempting to compile a list of the most-listened-to radio programs in the United States. 
"Talkers Magazine", a trade publication focusing on talk radio, compiles a list of the most-listened-to commercial long-form talk shows in the United States, based primarily on Arbitron data and estimated to the nearest 250,000 listeners. In addition to Talkers' independent analyses, radio companies of all formats include estimates of audience in news releases. The nature of news releases allows radio companies to inflate their listener totals by obscuring the difference between listeners at any given time, cumulative listenership over a time frame, and potential audience.
The total listenership for terrestrial radio in the year 2005 was 230 million. Sirius XM Radio has a base of 18.5 million subscribers . American Top 40 attracts over 20 million listeners per week. Rush Limbaugh's show has been the number one commercial talk show since at least 1991 when record keeping began. NPR's Morning Edition and All Things Considered are the two most popular news programs.
Until the development of portable people meters, Arbitron did not have the capability to measure individual airings of a program the way Nielsen Ratings can for television, and as such, it only measures in three-month moving averages each month. Portable people meters are currently only available in the largest markets Arbitron serves. Thus, it is impossible under current survey techniques to determine the listenership of an individual event such as the Super Bowl.
Popular radio shows in the United States.
"Talkers Magazine" compiles Arbitron's data, along with other sources, to estimate the minimum weekly audiences of various commercial long-form talk radio shows. NPR and APM compile Arbitron's data for its public radio shows and releases analysis through press releases.
Included is a list of the top 15 most-listened-to radio shows in the United States according to weekly cumulative listenership, followed by a selection of shows of various formats that are most-listened-to within their category.
Note on dayparts: because of the effects of time on North American broadcasting, nationally syndicated shows that air live will end up on different dayparts in different time zones. The above list makes note of this. Note that although shows such as Beck's and Levin's are listed under "West Coast" drive times, that their shows are based on the East Coast (and thus air in early midday and early evening time slots there). Their dayparts are indicated as such for the purposes of clarity and consistency.
Sirius XM Radio was monitored directly by Arbitron from 2007 to early 2008. The latest numbers available, from early 2008 (prior to when XM and Sirius merged), have "The Howard Stern Show" being the most listened-to show on either platform, with Stern's Howard 100 channel netting a "cume" of 1.2 million listeners and Howard 101 (the secondary and replay channel) netting an additional 500,000 listeners. Eastlan Ratings, a service that competes with Arbitron in several markets, includes satellite radio channels in its local ratings; Howard 100 has registered above several lower-end local stations in the markets Eastlan serves, the only satellite station to do so.
The highest rated local talk program in the United States is "John and Ken" in Los Angeles. Talkers estimates their audience at 1 million listeners.
Virtually all of the most-listened-to radio programs in the United States are in English. Only Spanish has an audience large enough to establish national networks. Data for shows in Spanish are much more limited. Other languages (Chinese, Korean, various languages of India, and French) are broadcast only on a local level.
Past top programs in the United States.
From 1933 to 1935, "Maxwell House Show Boat" was the top radio show in the United States. At his peak in the late 1930s, commentator Charles Coughlin was renowned for his large and passionate listener base; determining how many listeners he had has proven difficult, with modern estimates pegging his listenership at approximately 30 million listeners. In 1948 Walter Winchell had the top rated radio show when he surpassed "The Fred Allen Show" and "The Jack Benny Program".
A. C. Nielsen rated the top ten radio shows in 1955:
Before moving to satellite radio in 2006, "The Howard Stern Show" peaked at 20 million listeners on syndicated terrestrial radio. At the time of both shows' departure from Talk Radio Network in fall 2012, "The Savage Nation" was estimated to have an audience of 9 million listeners and "The Laura Ingraham Show" was estimated at 6 million listeners. The later revivals of both of those shows were much smaller, each only registering an estimated 3 million listeners as of April 2013. Prior to his retirement, Neal Boortz registered approximately 5.75 million listeners. The public radio series "Car Talk with Click and Clack" had approximately 4 million listeners immediately prior to ending its original run, ranking it among the most-listened-to weekend radio programs in the United States. "Talk of the Nation" registered at 3.2 million listeners prior to its cancellation in 2013. Immediately prior to Blair Garner's departure from the show in July 2013, "After Midnite" was quoted as drawing 2.7 million listeners, the most of any country music show for which listenership estimates are made available.
Current top stations in the United Kingdom.
Total listenership in the United Kingdom in December 2010 was 46.73 million, all BBC programming had 34.51 million listeners, and all commercial programming had 33.06 million listeners. The figures counted listeners over the age of 15 who tuned in for at least five minutes. 

</doc>
<doc id="20749879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749879" title="The Chick is in the Mail">
The Chick is in the Mail

The Chick is in the Mail is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Esther M. Friesner with the assistance of Martin H. Greenberg, with a cover by Larry Elmore. It consists of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in October 2000; a hardcover edition was issued the same year. It was the fourth of a number of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner.
The book collects fifteen short stories and novelettes and one poem by various fantasy authors, with an introduction by Friesner and a section of notes about the authors.

</doc>
<doc id="20749884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749884" title="British International School of Brussels">
British International School of Brussels

The British International School of Brussels (BISB) is a small primary school in Belgium. It was established in 2000 and in April 2008 expanded into separate infant and junior departments. The school provides education based on the English National curriculum for children of more than 30 different nationalities.
BISB is an independent, fee financed school situated in the south of Schaerbeek near the RTBF television centre. The school’s 2008 Independent Schools Inspectorate report notes that “Pupils have a strong sense of self-esteem. They feel valued and are happy and confident, as the school has an atmosphere of respect and care for others”. 
The school was the first school in continental Europe to have Promethean interactive whiteboards installed with the integrated projector and now has interactive whiteboards installed in every classroom from the Nursery to year 6.
BISB is a non-selective entry school and prior to admission, most pupils undergo informal interviews with the Headteacher, if they are in Belgium. Admission is also subject to the availability of spaces in the required year group.

</doc>
<doc id="20749903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749903" title="Ramsey East railway station">
Ramsey East railway station

Ramsey East railway station was a railway station in Ramsey, Cambridgeshire, which is now closed.
It opened on 16 September 1889, and closed to passenger traffic on 22 September 1930, and to freight traffic on 17 September 1956. The site is now occupied by the west side of Bury Road Industrial Estate, and a new housing development aptly called Signal Road and The Sidings.
It was the terminus of a branch line connected via Warboys railway station to Somersham, where it joined the main Great Eastern Railway line between St Ives and March, which at the its upper end towards March is now occupied by the route A141 between Chatteris and March.

</doc>
<doc id="20749908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749908" title="Decatur Waterworks">
Decatur Waterworks

The Decatur Waterworks was a facility that obtained drinking water for the city of Decatur, Georgia, from the local Peachtree Creek. Abandoned since the 1940s, the Waterworks have fallen into disrepair and are covered with graffiti. The Decatur Waterworks, referred to locally as "The Ruins," are now located in Mason Mill Park, near the city of Decatur. The facilities were built in 1906.
Historical Designation.
On March 15, 2006, the Decatur Waterworks was designated by the State of Georgia as a historical site, due to its former industrial significance. 
The Decatur Waterworks was nominated as a historic location by the Georgia state government based on engineering and its significance in landscape architecture and politics.
A Brief History of the Decatur Water Works.
Near Decatur Georgia, before the Civil War, in the 1850s, Ezekiel Mason built a flour mill on the bank of Burnt Fork Creek near where it flows into the south fork of Peachtree Creek. This is the mill from which Mason Mill Road and Mason Mill Park derive their names. After the deaths of Mr. Mason and his wife in the late 19th century the land was inherited by their nephew, James Mason. James Mason sold the property to the City of Decatur in the early 20th century.
In 1907 the City of Decatur built the first public water system in the area on this land. The Decatur Water Works consisted of two aeration and solid removal tanks, two storage tanks, an office building and two dams, one dam on South Peachtree Creek and one on Burnt Fork Creek. The remains of all of these structures can still be seen today and are often referred as ‘the old Decatur Water Works’ or sometimes simply ‘the ruins’.
The Decatur Water Works supplied water to the city until the 1940s. In the 1930s a Works Progress Administration (WPA) project built a number of recreational amenities on the site to support the use of the grounds and lakes as a public park. These amenities included granite benches, cooking grills, tables and a stone bridge over Burnt Fork Creek. These things also can be seen today. The stone bridge is part of the new trail that has been recently constructed in the park. The WPA also built a stacked stone fountain that remains and can be seen very near the stone bridge.
By 1941 it was apparent the of water per day produced by the water works was no longer enough to satisfy the growing needs of Decatur. The property was leased to DeKalb County, which operated the water works and sold the water to Decatur. DeKalb used revenue from the facility to fund a county-wide treatment plant in the Dunwoody area that uses water from the Chattahoochee River. Initially called the Laurel Plant, it is now called the Scott Candler Plant after the county commissioner who led the development process.
During WWII the Decatur Water Works was used as the exclusive water supply for the Naval Air Station that is now Peachtree DeKalb Airport and an Army Hospital in the area. The property was declared off limits for civilian use and was not used for any recreational purpose or as a civilian water supply during the war. At the end of the war the water works land was returned to the county, but was not used to supply water.
For a time the office building at the water works was used for storage by the county. In 1951 a bond issue to finance development of the land was voted down. The water works fell into disuse and disrepair. By the mid-1960s the lakes had begun to fill with silt and there were complaints of flooding from local residents who lived in the adjacent neighborhoods that were built in the 1950s and 1960s. In about 1965 the dams were dynamited and the reservoirs drained.
In 1988 the county worked with local resident groups to make a development plan for Mason Mill Park that included the water works land, but the plan was never funded. In 2006 the Decatur Water Works was declared a historic site by the state of Georgia. A second plan was developed in 2008 and, with partial funding from the PATH Foundation, is being implemented. This plan and the 1988 plan can be seen on the DeKalb County web site (http://www.co.dekalb.ga.us/parks/pr-mason-mill-park.html).
A historical image of the water works can be found here
http://www.co.dekalb.ga.us/parks/pdf/OldDecaturHistoricWaterWorks.pdf
Additional history can be seen at the Clairmont Heights site.
http://clairmontheights.org/earlyhistory

</doc>
<doc id="20749940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749940" title="Haunting Julia">
Haunting Julia

Haunting Julia is a 1994 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about Julia Lukin, a nineteen-year-old brilliant musician who committed suicide twelve years earlier, who haunts the three men closest to her, through both the supernatural and in their memories. In 2008, it was presented as the first play of "Things That Go Bump" (2002 play "Snake in the Grass" and new play "Life and Beth" being parts two and three).
Background.
The inspiration for "Haunting Julia" came the stage adaptation of "The Woman in Black", written by Susan Hill, adapted for the stage by Stephen Mallatratt. It premièred at the Stephen Joseph Theatre (then at the Westwood site) in 1987, directed by Alan Ayckbourn's co-director, Robin Herford, whilst Ayckbourn was on sabbatical at the Royal National Theatre, London. He considered that the ability to make audiences jump was little to do with special effects and a lot to do with acting and a tense storyline. This idea grew into "Haunting Julia", performed seven years later. However, as Ayckbourn acknowledged, although the play remained a ghost story, the theme that grew to dominate the play were three men, and their relationships to Julia, a gifted musician who took her life aged nineteen.
The departure from a straight ghost story may also have been down to Ayckbourn wishing to explore the conventions of the ghost story format rather than ghosts themselves. Ayckbourn deliberately sought to keep the character of Julia as one that ordinary teenage girls could relate to, in particular the way that ordinary parents push their children to achieve things on their behalf. Her character was also influence by gifted people having little concept of the needs of others, like a "slight autism" – a characteristic Alan Ayckbourn said he slightly shares. Nonetheless, Ayckbourn said he once felt the presence of his father's ghost in Scarborough a few years after his death.
This play has the unique characteristic of being the only Ayckbourn play to have been written for the proscenium but premièred in the round. At the time of writing the play, it was planned that the Stephen Joseph Theatre would have moved to its new (and present-day) site at the old Odeon cinema, where there would be both a round and an end-stage theatre available. However, it turned out the new theatre was not ready until 1996. An idea to open the end-stage theatre concurrently with the existing theatre in the round was considered and quickly rejected, and Ayckbourn decided to go ahead with "Haunting Julia" at the current site as Westwood.
Characters.
There are three male characters in the play, they are:
There are also two voice parts in the play: one of Julia (or, more accurately, an actress imitating her voice speaking words the real Julia would probably never have said), and a sombre male voice talking about her death.
It was originally intended that Joe would be the central character of the story, but Ayckbourn eventually considered the central character of the story to be Julia herself. He also considered two other offstage characters – Dolly, Joe's late wife, and Kay, the woman Andy married instead of Julia – to be strong characters.
Setting.
The entire play takes place in the Julia Lukin Music Centre, an uneasy mixture between a public music facility and shrine from Joe to his daughter. The room in question is Julia's room as a student (albeit a far more tidy version than the real Julia's room), now with a walkway installed for public viewing.
In a format used only the second time in a full-length Ayckbourn play, "Haunting Julia" is a 'real-time' play ("Absent Friends" being the first), with a single continuous scene running throughout the whole play. It was intended that the entire play would be performed without an interval to maximise the tension. However, an interval was inserted in certain productions due to pressure from falling bar takings.
The published script is for the proscenium, but the Stephen Joseph theatre used both this format and the round format in various productions. The version in the round originally had the problem that the door to Julia's room that flies open dramatically at the end was invisible to part of the audience. This problem was addressed in the 2008 revival by making the entrance to the room a trapdoor instead.
Synopsis.
Andy wanders into a near-perfect reproduction of Julia's room, says, in astonishment, "My God". He pushes a button, and a recorded voice of an actress as Julia Lukin speak, fondly talking about her room and her music. Then a man's voice solemnly announces that it was this room where she was found dead aged nineteen. Whilst he listens, Joe, Julia's father, joins him, and proudly talks about the exhibition. It is part of the Julia Lukin centre, the pet project of Joe that Andy was invited to see. Andy listens patiently and ignores some tactless remarks about his wife, but hints that he wants to get back to his family soon. Joe, however, insists Andy stays and listens to a couple of other Julia recordings. One of them has whispers of "No" in the background, and the other has an unhappy laugh – something which Joe believes is an attempt by Julia to contact him.
Andy suggests that, after twelve years, it's time to let it go. Undeterred, Joe talks about Julia's childhood and her discovery, giving away that he dominated the lives of his daughter, and, also his wife, Dolly, who died recently. Understanding little about music himself, he is proud of the title the press gave her of "Little Miss Mozart" (something Julia actually hated). Joe questions the verdict of death by misadventure, and dismisses Andy's suggestion that the likely alternative was suicide. Although he doesn't suspect Andy, who was at a party the night she died, he suspects a man Julia referred to as "my secret admirer" (someone whom Andy now thinks she invented).
The doorbell rings and Joe leaves. The guest, Ken Chase, arrives and introduces himself to Andy, as mortuary attendant who had "an enforced career change". When Joe returns (having rung Andy's wife, Kay, to say he'll he late), Ken correctly guesses Andy is a music teacher, before going on to claim he is a psychic. He explains, in a calm and factual manner, that it is a gift that most people could use if they wanted. Andy reacts to this with hostility, especially after discovering Ken is here at Joe's invitation after seeing the exhibition and writing him a letter.
Ken crosses the ropes and, he claims, is struck with a feeling of unhappiness. This coincides with a coldness that Joe and Andy felt in the roped area (and, as it turns out, all the areas where the original house used to be). He opens the original door to the room but finds only a brick wall, for the other side now houses an air-conditioniong plant. Asking for something close to Julia, he picks up the teddy bear, and (after setting off an alarm the first time), he reacts virgously with emotion. Julia, he says, is unhappy, not because of Joe or Andy, who she loves, but because of the music. Then, promoted by hints dropped by Andy, Joe realises the bear is not Julia's but a replacement for the stolen original.
Now Joe and Andy both turn on Ken, who confesses he knew Julia (or "Julie" as he always referred to her). Andy realises he was the janitor who used to live in the basement. Ken admits he was Julia's "secret admirer", not, as Joe first assumes, a sexual relationship, but merely that she visited him and his family from time to time (in contrast to never visiting Joe who moved to be near her). She spent her time playing their out-of-tune piano, playing games, and helping with the cooking and sewing (badly), but never discussing her own music. Ken explains that on the afternoon before she died, she seemed a different person, saying, for the first time, she loved her parents, and he now wonders if it was her way of saying goodbye. Choosing to pretend they hardly knew her in the media scrum following her death, it is only now that he is setting the record straight.
Agreeing they should go home, Ken and Andy leave Joe alone for a moment. A discordant piano starts playing, and Joe, shouting for Julia,flings open the door only to see the wall. Andy and Ken return, and whilst Joe searches for intruders, Ken politely confronts Andy, whom he saw leaving the house the day she died, and Andy confesses he knows the real reason she died. For over a year, he had been coming to her house and never had any affection returned, until he met Kay. On that day, he went to her house to tell Julia he was seeing Kay and probably wouldn't see her again, only to find her waiting for him, room tidied, hair brushed and bed made. When he went ahead and told her, she pleaded with him, and Andy, angry that she hadn't cared about his feelings all thing time, left, and went to a party, and got drunk.
Returning to the music and the door, Andy, who has consistently dismissed supernatural explanations, suggests Joe may have set this all up himself. However, when the lights start dimming, a woman starts crying, and Joe returns denying anything to do with that, Ken suggests Andy is running out of options, and Andy begrudingly agrees to wait and see. Joe talks about never seeing the body, and how his wife reacted violently when he told her the news. Suggesting it was just as well Joe didn't see the body, Andy tells them what he saw. Simplifying the events of the previous night to "a row", Andy says he went back in the morning thinking he should make things up. The first thing he saw was blood all over the sheets, for Julia had taken not only sleeping pills but everything she could get her hands on. He then saw her body between the bed and the desk, and he believes she tried to get back to her music.
Suddenly, the piano plays again, and stops. Footsteps are heard where the stairs used to be, and there is a knock on the door, with Julia's voice saying "Dad ... dad ... dad ..." The door then flies open, and everything in the room is hurled about. Andy and Ken and thrown to the ground, but Joe, it seems, can see Julia. As he calls out to her, blood starts spreading out on the bed. Ken tells Joe that Julia is now released, and they both leave the room. Andy is the last to leave, saying once more "My God". After leaving, the voice of Julia plays one more time.
Productions.
The original production at the Stephen Joseph Theatre had its first performance on 12 April 1994, and an opening night on 20 April 1994, featuring the following cast:
The production team were:
Owing to the lack of an available end-stage theatre, the interval-free play was performed, in the round. This led to difficulties as some of the audience could not see the door that flies open at the end of the play. As a result, the play had mixed success. It did not tour, and the script was not published.
In 1999, with the Stephen Joseph Theatre moved to its new venue and a proscenium theatre available, the play was revived in its intended end-stage format, with John Branwell as Joe, Bill Champion as Andy and Richard Derrington as Ken. Under pressure from bar takings, an interval was introduced into the play. This time, the play had more success, and the production toured, although it did not include London. The script was published as part of "Plays 3" in 2005, although the interval was removed from the published version.
In 2008, "Haunting Julia" was again revived by Stephen Joseph Theatre Company as part of the "Things That Go Bump" trilogy, along with 2002 play "Snake in the Grass" (generally regarded as a female companion play) and new play "Life and Beth", which combined the cast of these two plays. Ian Hogg and Adrian Adrian McLoughlin reprised their roles from 1994, with Richard Stacey playing the role of Andy. Richard Derrington also re-appeared as Director. With the other two plays written for the Round, it was decided to revert to a performance in the Round, and the problem with the door was overcome by changing it to a trapdoor. The interval was also removed. This play toured to New Vic Theatre as part of the trilogy.
In 2012, "Haunting Julia" made its North American premiere at The Little Theatre of Norfolk, with Joel Nathan King as Joe, Ryan McIntire as Andy and Philip Odango as Ken.
Critical reviews.
Although the critics of the original production were unanimous in recognising the play as a new departure for Ayckbourn, the reviews were heavily polarised. Robin Thornber for "The Guardian" praise the play for building the character of Julia effective in spite of her never being on stage, as did David Jeffels of "The Stage". Kate Bassett for "The Times" drew comparisons with the child Wolfgang Mozart and the death of Kurt Cobain, although she had some doubts about the ending. However, Charles Spencer of the Daily Telegraph held the opinion that the play aimed to be both a ghost story or a study of grief and failed to do either, although he liked the character of Ken and the final ten minutes. Paul Taylor for The Independent was just as scathing, dismissing Joe's shrine to Julia and Ken's 12-year wait to tell Joe what he knew as implausible.
It has been suggested that the difference in opinion may have been down to reviewers being split between those who favoured Ayckbourn's move towards more contemporary themes, and those who preferred his earlier plays concentrating on social realism.
The 1999 and 2008 revivals, however, were generally received positively.

</doc>
<doc id="20749950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749950" title="Karl-Heinrich von Groddeck">
Karl-Heinrich von Groddeck

Karl-Heinrich Erich Moritz von Groddeck (19 July 1936 – 14 December 2011) was a German rower who won three Olympic medals for the Unified Team of Germany: a silver in the coxed pairs in 1956 and a gold and a silver in the eights in 1960 and 1964, respectively. He also won one world and five European titles in these two rowing events between 1956 and 1964. In 1964 he retired from competitions.
Back in 1958, von Groddeck moved from Wiesbaden to Hamburg to work for Axel Springer AG as a journalist in the sports section of a newspaper. For many years he was reporting the history of German rowing. Later he worked as a freelance journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20749951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749951" title="Miha Novak">
Miha Novak

Miha Novak (born 24 March 1987) is a Slovenian football midfielder, who plays for NK Domžale in Slovenian PrvaLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20749958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749958" title="Gloom (card game)">
Gloom (card game)

Gloom is a tabletop card game created by designer Keith Baker and published by Atlas Games in 2004. It won the Origins Award for Best Traditional Card Game in 2005. Four expansion packs have been created since the release of the original game called, "Unhappy Homes", "Unwelcome Guests", "Unquiet Dead" and "Unfortunate Expeditions". Additionally, In August 2011, Cthulhu Gloom, which serves as either a standalone game or a fourth expansion pack, was released, and one Cthulhu expansion pack has been released, called "Unpleasant Dreams".
Gameplay.
The game is for two to four players who each are given control of an eccentric family. The object of the game is to lower the self-worth points of the player's own family with cards that cause negative events, eventually killing them. At the same time, positive points are played on opponent's family members. After one family is completely killed off, the player with the lowest Family Value (the total points of all dead family members) is the winner of the game.
Other Versions.
Expansion packs are available for the game, which each add an additional family and allow for more than 4 players in the game. The packs also include new modifiers and Untimely Deaths. There is also a spin-off of the game, "Cthulhu Gloom", which is played separately from the original "Gloom". This game uses a Lovecraftian theme for the game. A new element in that game are Story cards, which add special effects through the game, or extra points at the conclusion of the game. "Cthulhu Gloom" can be played with 5 players without an expansion pack.
Critical reception.
An element of the game that was appreciated by game designer Greg Costikyan was the optional aspect of storytelling involved when playing an event card, where a player can choose to explain the events that happen in the course of the character's life. Costikyan stated that this added "a unique aspect to game play and the game play particularly enjoyable".

</doc>
<doc id="20749962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749962" title="Warboys railway station">
Warboys railway station

Warboys railway station was a railway station in Warboys, Cambridgeshire, which is now closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20749966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749966" title="Euconulus fulvus">
Euconulus fulvus

Euconulus fulvus is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20749976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20749976" title="Euconulus praticola">
Euconulus praticola

Euconulus praticola is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Czech Republic

</doc>
<doc id="20750003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750003" title="Semilimax semilimax">
Semilimax semilimax

Semilimax semilimax is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20750009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750009" title="Semilimax kotulae">
Semilimax kotulae

Semilimax kotulae is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20750014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750014" title="Karl-Heinz Hopp">
Karl-Heinz Hopp

Karl-Heinz Hopp (November 20, 1936 – February 11, 2007) was a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Allenstein (today Olsztyn, Poland) and died in Lübeck.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20750031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750031" title="Michel Andrieux">
Michel Andrieux

Michel Andrieux (born 28 April 1967) is a French competition rower and Olympic champion.
Andrieux won a gold medal in "coxless pairs", at the 2000 Summer Olympics .

</doc>
<doc id="20750044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750044" title="IPassConnect">
IPassConnect

iPassConnect is mobility software produced by iPass in 1999, which allows mobile devices, such as laptop computers, PDAs, and other internet enabled devices (iPod Touch), to connect to the Internet over Wi-Fi hotspots, Ethernet, Dialup, and mobile broadband network services, such as HSUPA, EVDO, 1xRTT, GPRS and UMTS. The Wi-Fi services are available in hotels and airports across the world, allowing travelling individuals to access the Internet without paying per-location fees. The software validates the authentication of a hotspot and then encrypts a user's authentication data. If a guest is using iPass in a hotel that provides internet connection from an alternative ISP, then the user will not be able to use iPass authentication for the connection and will possibly be required to pay the hotel fees for access..

</doc>
<doc id="20750051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750051" title="Klaus Bittner">
Klaus Bittner

Klaus Bittner (born 23 October 1938) is a retired German rower who won two Olympic medals for the Unified Team of Germany: a gold and a silver in the eights in 1960 and 1964, respectively. He also won four European titles in fours and eights between 1959 and 1964. 

</doc>
<doc id="20750052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750052" title="Vitrea contracta">
Vitrea contracta

Vitrea contracta is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20750055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750055" title="Turn the Other Chick">
Turn the Other Chick

Turn the Other Chick is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Esther M. Friesner, with a cover by Mitch Foust. It consists of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in hardcover by Baen Books in November 2004; a paperback edition followed in March 2006. It was the fifth and last of a series of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner. (The first three books were collected as "Chicks Ahoy" in 2010).
The book collects twenty-two short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors, with an introduction and a section of notes about the authors by Friesner.

</doc>
<doc id="20750064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750064" title="Vitrea crystallina">
Vitrea crystallina

Vitrea crystallina is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20750072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750072" title="Vitrea diaphana">
Vitrea diaphana

Vitrea diaphana is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
This is the type species of the genus "Vitrea".
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is alpine and southern-European.

</doc>
<doc id="20750081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750081" title="Hans Lenk">
Hans Lenk

Hans Lenk (born March 23, 1935) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Berlin.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20750090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750090" title="Vitrea subrimata">
Vitrea subrimata

Vitrea subrimata is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is alpine and southern-European.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20750096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750096" title="Vitrea transsylvanica">
Vitrea transsylvanica

Vitrea transsylvanica is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20750116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750116" title="Mgive">
Mgive

mGive, founded in 2005, is a Denver based Wireless Application Service Provider. mGive offers mobile giving services, and is an approved mGive Foundation Wireless Application Service Provider.
mGive"' introduced text message donations February 1, 2008 with the launch of a mobile giving campaign for the United Way. The campaign was promoted in a 10 second commercial during Super Bowl XLII.
mGive has been a leader in the mobile industry with milestones such as:
-First and most successful major college football mobile fundraising campaign
-First and most successful text donation campaign during national US concert tour
-First to market with text donation call to action on nationally broadcast telethon
-First to market with $5 mobile donation campaigns
-First to market with $10 mobile donation campaigns
-First to market with Volunteer by Text solution
-First to market with donor data collection mobile web page solution
-First to market with Facebook Mobile Giving solution and viral Mobile Giving web applications
mGive enables nonprofit organizations to accept donations via text messaging. mGive also offers mobile content delivery, SMS subscription services, and WAP website creation. mGive works with organizations such as The United Way, American Red Cross, Keep A Child Alive, The Salvation Army, Amberwatch Foundation, and over 200 more nonprofit organizations.
Along with a partnership with the US State Department ([www.state.gov]), mGive and the Red Cross launched a mobile campaign to support relief efforts of the devastating earthquake in Haiti on January 12, 2010. Wireless users can text the keyword HAITI to 90999 to donate $10.00 to the Red Cross. Donors reply with a YES confirmation and the transaction is added to their next wireless bill. The campaign has raised over $10 million to date and has been the most successful mobile campaign ever.
mGive and parent company Mobile Accord (www.mobileaccord.com) were awarded the Mobile Marketing Associations 2009 Award for Social Impact on November 18, 2009 at their annual awards dinner. http://mmaglobal.com/news/2009-mma-global-mobile-marketing-award-winners-announced-during-fifth-annual-awards-ceremony-mo
Other awards received by Mobile Accord and mGive include:
-2009 Fearless Fundraising Award from Fundraising Success Magazine
-2009 Fundraising Professionals of the Year - Special Contribution to Fundraising Sector
-2009 NTEN Nonprofit Technology Network - Best of the Best - Presentation
-2008 MMA Global Finalist - Leadership in Innovation/Creativity
Text Message Donations.
Making a text message donation involves sending a text message with a keyword chosen by a nonprofit organization to a shortcode approved by The mGive Foundation. For example, Keep a Child Alive’s text message donation campaign uses the keyword ALIVE and the mobile giving shortcode 90999. Text message donations (SMS) use "premium-rated short messages" (PSMS) to bill donations to the wireless subscriber’s phone bill. SMS donations use a double opt-in process to protect donor’s security and privacy. Currently, The mGive Foundation and wireless carriers have approved $5 and $10 one-time text message donations.
Making a text message donation appears to initiate further text messages from the mGive Foundation Alerts, which may result in text message charges to the donor for their usual wireless carrier fees.
Wireless carriers collect payment from the users and send 100% of the donations to The mGive Foundation, which wires 100% of the funds directly to the appropriate charity within ninety days.

</doc>
<doc id="20750122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750122" title="Willi Padge">
Willi Padge

Willi Padge (born October 4, 1943) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Mölln.
In 1960 he was the coxswain of the German boat which won the gold medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20750128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750128" title="Lights (Journey song)">
Lights (Journey song)

"Lights" is a song recorded by American rock band Journey and written by Steve Perry and Neal Schon, released in 1978.
Background and writing.
The song is a ballad about Journey's city of origin, San Francisco, although it was actually written in and originally intended to be about Los Angeles. It was one of Steve Perry's first Journey songs, and was recorded soon after his joining the band. In an interview, Perry said, "I had the song written in Los Angeles almost completely except for the bridge and it was written about Los Angeles. It was 'when the lights go down in the city and the sun shines on LA.' I didn't like the way it sounded at the time. And so I just had it sitting back in the corner. Then life changed my plans once again, and I was now facing joining Journey. I love San Francisco, the bay and the whole thing. 'The bay' fit so nice, 'When the lights go down in the city and the sun shines on the bay.' It was one of those early morning going across the bridge things when the sun was coming up and the lights were going down. It was perfect." 
Released as a single in 1978, it was originally a minor hit, reaching number 68 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at the time. It has, however, become more popular over the years and is now one of Journey's most popular and easily recognizable songs and is often played in Classic Hits/Oldies radio stations. It is frequently played at San Francisco Giants baseball games (including versions led by Perry himself at Game 2 of the 2010 World Series and Games 1 and 2 of the 2012 World Series) and the cross-bay Oakland Athletics after-game fireworks starts.
Journey released a live version of the song in 1993 for the "Time³" box set.
The song was the last to be played during the Top 40 era of KFRC 610, a legendary San Francisco station, before the flip to a nostalgia/adult standards format in 1986.
KIII-TV of Corpus Christi, Texas used this song during their sign offs in the late 1980s.
This song is also covered by current Journey frontman Arnel Pineda.

</doc>
<doc id="20750138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750138" title="Jože Benko">
Jože Benko

Jože Benko (born 23 March 1980 in Murska Sobota) is a Slovenian football striker, who is currently playing for Jennersdorf.
Club career.
During his career he has played for the both top clubs from Prekmurje, Mura and Nafta Lendava. He has also played for Domžale in the Slovenian league.

</doc>
<doc id="20750139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750139" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Calvert County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Calvert County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Calvert County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Calvert County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20750142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750142" title="Tristan Pfaff">
Tristan Pfaff

Tristan Pfaff (born 1985) is a French pianist, trained at the Paris Conservatory under Michel Béroff.

</doc>
<doc id="20750149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750149" title="A. G. van Hamel">
A. G. van Hamel

Anton Gerard van Hamel (5 July 1886, Hilversum - 23 November 1945, Utrecht)) was a Dutch scholar, best known for his contributions to Celtic and Germanic studies, especially those relating to literature, linguistics, philology and mythology. He is not to be confused with his uncle, Anton Gerard van Hamel (1842-1907), who was a theologian, professor of French and editor of "De Gids".
Education.
Having completed secondary education at the municipal grammar school (now Barlaeus Gymnasium) in Amsterdam, Van Hamel went on to study Dutch language and literature at the University of Amsterdam (UvA) between 1904 and 1908. In addition, he attended colleges and private schools in Ireland and Germany. An avid student, he published articles in "Propria Cures" on (early) Germanic and Celtic studies, subjects which would later become his special field of expertise. In 1911, he was awarded a doctorate, cum laude, for his research on "De oudste Keltische en Angelsaksische geschiedbronnen" (‘The oldest Celtic and Anglo-Saxon historical sources’) under the supervision of R.C. Boer.
Early career (1910-1923).
Van Hamel’s early career was characterised by a number of ebbs and flows, in which his ambition to obtain an academic chair of his preference was thwarted by either controversy or plain ill fortune. In 1910, Van Hamel taught Dutch at the municipal grammar school in Middelburg, but felt unhappy about his position and low pay. In 1912, an attempt to obtain the chair of English professor at the UvA failed as he was openly accused of a poor grasp of English. The same year, he was teaching Dutch again, then at the Erasmiaansch Gymnasium in Rotterdam. New prospects emerged during the First World War, when he received the post of extraordinary professor of Dutch language and literature at the University of Bonn. However, troublesome experiences with the German government led Van Hamel to take recourse to The Netherlands — ostensibly in order to visit his ill father, but he did not return to Germany. In 1917, he found a position as librarian at the Netherlands School of Commerce (Nederlandsche Handels-Hoogeschool) in Rotterdam. His nomination in 1918 for the chair of Dutch language and literature held by Jan te Winkel at the UvA projected him unfavourably into the spotlight, as several linguists voiced their objections, often in favour of another scholar of their choice. Van Hamel remained librarian, though he saw opportunity to combine his work with a private teaching position of Celtic at Leiden University. In 1921, he moved from Rotterdam to Den Haag, being appointed librarian of the Peace Palace.
Chair of early Germanic and Celtic studies (1923).
1923 finally saw a breakthrough in Van Hamel’s career. After eleven years of fruitless endeavours and cul-de-sacs, he obtained the Chair of early Germanic studies at the State University of Utrecht. Significantly, Celtic studies were added to the chair’s curriculum at his special request, as he was convinced, and convinced others, that the two disciplines were closely related. His improved situation enabled him to devote his time and energy more fully to the publication of text editions and critical studies. In 1925, Van Hamel became a member of the Royal Dutch Academy of Sciences ("Koninklijke Akademie van Wetenschappen").
Late 1930s – Second World War.
A new personal crisis unfolded towards the close of the 1930s, when Van Hamel’s writing output came to a standstill. The interruption was related to political developments which were spreading over Europe, but possibly also to his homosexual nature. During the Second World War and the German occupation of The Netherlands, A.G. van Hamel came to be active again, but the new situation stood in the way of communication with foreign contacts and greatly limited his prospects at publication. After the academic crisis of 1943, when the Germans had unsuccessfully attempted to impose a ‘declaration of loyalty’ on all students and faculty members, Van Hamel’s work for the university was quickly slimmed down and he therefore focused on his publications instead.
Death.
About six months after the liberation of The Netherlands, Van Hamel was suddenly hospitalised for an emergency surgery due to an intestinal disease. He died in narcosis, aged 59.
Stichting A.G. van Hamel voor Keltische studies.
A Dutch organisation founded in 1991 for the promotion of Celtic studies, particularly in The Netherlands, has named itself after and in honour of the Dutch scholar: Stichting A.G. van Hamel voor Keltische studies ('A.G. van Hamel Foundation for Celtic studies'). Its regular activities include the organisation of lectures, notably the 'Van Hamel Lecture' and an annual colloquium, and the publication of a Dutch quarterly called "Kelten".

</doc>
<doc id="20750165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750165" title="Aluminium magnesium boride">
Aluminium magnesium boride

Aluminium magnesium boride or BAM is a chemical compound of aluminium, magnesium and boron. Whereas its nominal formula is AlMgB14, the chemical composition is closer to Al0.75Mg0.75B14. It is a ceramic alloy that is highly resistive to wear and has a low coefficient of sliding friction, reaching a record value of 0.02 in lubricated AlMgB14−TiB2 composites. First reported in 1970, BAM has an orthorhombic structure with four icosahedral B12 units per unit cell. This ultrahard material has a coefficient of thermal expansion comparable to that of other widely used materials such as steel and concrete.
Synthesis.
BAM powders are produced by heating a nearly stoichiometric mixture of boron, aluminium and magnesium for a few hours at a temperature in the range 900–1500 °C. Spurious phases are then dissolved in hot hydrochloric acid. To ease the reaction and make the product more homogeneous, the starting mixture can be processed in a high-energy ball mill. All pretreatments are carried out in a dry, inert atmosphere to avoid oxidation of the metal powders.
BAM films can be coated on silicon or metals by pulsed laser deposition, using AlMgB14 powder as a target, whereas bulk samples are obtained by sintering the powder.
BAM usually contains small amounts of impurity elements (e.g., oxygen and iron) that enter the material during preparation. It is thought that the presence of iron (most often introduced as wear debris from mill vials and media) serves as a sintering aid. BAM can be alloyed with silicon, phosphorus, carbon, titanium diboride (TiB2), aluminium nitride (AlN), titanium carbide (TiC) or boron nitride (BN).
Properties.
Structure.
Most superhard materials have simple, high-symmetry crystal structures, e.g., diamond cubic or zinc blende. However, BAM has a complex, low-symmetry crystal structure with 64 atoms per unit cell. The unit cell is orthorhombic and its most salient feature is four boron-containing icosahedra. Each icosahedron contains 12 boron atoms. Eight more boron atoms connect the icosahedra to the other elements in the unit cell. The occupancy of metal sites in the lattice is lower than one, and thus while the material is usually identified with the formula AlMgB14, its chemical composition is closer to Al0.75Mg0.75B14. Such non-stoichiometry is common for borides (see crystal structure of boron-rich metal borides and boron carbide). The unit cell parameters of BAM are "a" = 1.0313 nm, "b" = 0.8115 nm, "c" = 0.5848 nm, "Z" = 4 (four structure units per unit cell), space group "Imam", Pearson symbol oI68, density 2.59 g/cm3. The melting point is roughly estimated as 2000 °C.
Optoelectronic.
BAM has a bandgap of about ~1.5 eV. Significant absorption is observed at sub-bandgap energies and attributed to metal atoms. Electrical resistivity depends on the sample purity and is about 104 Ohm·cm. The Seebeck coefficient is relatively high, between −5.4 and −8.0 mV/K. This property originates from electron transfer from metal atoms to the boron icosahedra and is favorable for thermoelectric applications.
Hardness.
The microhardness of BAM powders is 32–35 GPa. It can be increased to 45–50 GPa upon alloying BAM with of TiB2 or by depositing a quasi-amorphous BAM film. Addition of AlN or TiC to BAM reduces its hardness. By definition, a hardness value exceeding 40 GPa makes BAM a superhard material. In the BAM−TiB2 composite, the maximum hardness and toughness are achieved at ~60 vol.% of TiB2. The wear rate is improved by increasing the TiB2 content to 70–80% at the expense of ~10% hardness loss. The TiB2 additive is a wear-resistant material itself with a hardness of 28–35 GPa.
Thermal expansion.
The thermal expansion coefficient (TEC) for AlMgB14 was measured as 9 K−1 by dilatometry and by high temperature X-ray diffraction using synchrotron radiation. This value is fairly close to the COTE of widely used materials such as steel, titanium and concrete. Based on the hardness values reported for AlMgB14 and the materials themselves being used as wear resistant coatings, the COTE of AlMgB14 could be used in determining coating application methods and the performance of the parts once in service.
Friction.
A composite of BAM and TiB2 (70 volume percent) has one of the lowest values of friction coefficients, which amounts to 0.04–0.05 in dry scratching by a diamond tip (cf. 0.04 for Teflon) and decreases to 0.02 in water-glycol-based lubricants.
Applications.
BAM is commercially available and is being studied for potential applications. For example, pistons, seals and blades on pumps could be coated with BAM or BAM + TiB2 to reduce friction between parts and to increase wear resistance. The reduction in friction would reduce energy use. BAM could also be coated onto cutting tools. The reduced friction would lessen the force necessary to cut an object, extend tool life, and possibly allow increased cutting speeds. Coatings only 2–3 micrometers thick have been found to improve efficiency and reduce wear in cutting tools.

</doc>
<doc id="20750168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750168" title="Frankland Range">
Frankland Range

The Frankland Range is a mountain range in South West Tasmania, Australia. It is a less popular site of bushwalking than other, more famous, ranges in Tasmania's South West, and is for much more advanced walkers due to its length, isolation and terrain.
It bordered on the north by the impoundment Lake Pedder. Access routes are by boat from the lake, or the roads at Strathgordon or Scotts Peak Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="20750176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750176" title="Edward Arthur Thompson">
Edward Arthur Thompson

Edward Arthur Thompson (22 May 1914 – 1 January 1994) was an Irish classicist, medievalist and professor at the University of Nottingham from 1948 to 1979. He wrote from a Marxist perspective, and argued that the Visigoths were settled in Aquitaine to counter the internal threat of the peasant bagaudae. Thompson's work remains the most substantial study of the Goths in Spain.
Biography.
Thompson was born on 22 May 1914 in the town of Waterford, Ireland to an Presbyterian family of both Irish and Scottish descent. Although taught to read only at the age of eight, Thompson proceeded to attend and finish at The High School, Dublin, with which he maintained sufficient links to be requested by its then-headmaster, Dr. John Bennett, to send a copy of "A History of Attila and the Huns" when Thompson published the book in 1948.
Although his father worked for the administration of the National Health Insurance, Edward Thompson would be the first of his family to enter university: he graduated with First Class Honours in Classics from Trinity College, Dublin in 1936, later attributing his selection of the classics as a discipline to the arbitrary choice of his headmaster at The High School.
Thompson's first appointment in academe, as Lecturer in Classics, was a two-year stint at Trinity College, Dublinalthough initially appointed for one year, Thompson's contract was renewed, and he stayed on (though at a reduced salary) until 1941. Already prepared to enter the Second World War with an enlistment in the British Army, Thompson finally secured an appointment at the University of Swansea, having learned of an opening for somebody who could teach Greek from a friend, Swansea classicist Ben Farrington.
From Swansea, Thompson transferred to King's College, London, teaching as a classics lecturer from 1945 to 1948. It was during this time that Thompson's first book, "Ammianus Marcellinus", was published in Britain. He subsequently moved once morethis time to direct the classics department at the University of Nottingham, where Thompson worked from 1948 to 1979. Until his retirement in 1979, Thompson served as the first Chairman of the Editorial Board of the scholarly journal "Nottingham Medieval Studies", founded by Lewis Thorpe in 1957.
He was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 1964the first University of Nottingham academic to be so honoured.
Although Thompson left the staunchly pro-Soviet Communist Party of Great Britain in 1956, the year of the Soviet Union's intervention in Hungary, Thompson's academic work continued to demonstrate a Marxist-oriented outlook on history. No longer active in political life, he continued his enthusiastic interest for politics. Thompson's interest in the class structure of societies, and in their material basis, continued to direct the structure of his studies. He died, aged 79, in Nottingham.
Works.
"In reverse chronological order:"

</doc>
<doc id="20750178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750178" title="Polydesmida">
Polydesmida

Polydesmida is the largest order of millipedes, containing approximately 3,500 species, including all the millipedes reported to produce hydrogen cyanide (HCN).
Description.
Members of the order Polydesmida are also known as "flat-backed millipedes", because on most species, each body segment has wide lateral keels (paranota). These keels are produced by the posterior half (metazonite) of each body ring behind the collum. Polydesmids have no eyes, and vary in length from . Including the telson, adults have 19 or 20 rings, while juveniles may have from 7 to 19 rings. Many of the larger species show bright coloration patterns which warn predators of their toxic secretions.
Ecology.
Polydesmids are very common in leaf litter, where they burrow by levering with the anterior end of the body.
Classification.
The c. 3500 species of Polydesmida are variously classified into four suborders and 28 families, the largest (numerically) including Paradoxosomatidae, Xystodesmidae, and Chelodesmidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20750189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750189" title="Jean-Christophe Rolland">
Jean-Christophe Rolland

Jean-Christophe Rolland (born 3 July 1968 in Condrieu) is a French competition rower and Olympic champion.
Rolland won a gold medal in "coxless pairs" at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He will succeed Denis Oswald as President of FISA, the International Rowing Federation, in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20750199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750199" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Caroline County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Caroline County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Caroline County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Caroline County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20750218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750218" title="Perpolita hammonis">
Perpolita hammonis

Perpolita hammonis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae. In modern sources usually classified in the genus "Nesovitrea".
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20750224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750224" title="Perpolita petronella">
Perpolita petronella

Perpolita petronella is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20750230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750230" title="William Horlick">
William Horlick

William Horlick, Sr. (23 February 1846 – 25 September 1936) was an English-born food manufacturer and the original patent holder of malted milk. He emigrated to the U.S. in 1869, settling in Racine, Wisconsin, where he started a food company with his brother, James. Horlick was a well-known philanthropist in the Racine area. He was also a major sponsor of the Racine Legion, which played in the National Football League from 1922 until 1924. He died 25 September 1936 at the age of ninety.
Biography.
Early life and family.
He was born in Ruardean, in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, England, the youngest surviving child of James Horlick (1809-1878), a saddler, and his wife Priscilla Griffiths (1817-1874). He was sent to school in Hampshire with his brothers Peter (1842-1901) and James (1844-1921), before becoming apprenticed to a local saddler. At the same time, his brother James began working for the Mellin Food Company in London, which produced a powdered baby food from malt and bran. When at home in Ruardean, James, William and their father began experimenting with ways of making a granulated powder based on wheat and malted barley which could be stored for long periods in sealed containers.
Malted milk.
After immigrating to the U.S. in 1869, Horlick settled in Racine. In 1872, he moved to Chicago to begin a food manufacturing business with his brother, James. This was the genesis of the Horlick Food Company, which the two founded in 1875, and moved to Racine in 1876. At around the same time, William began working on creating a dried milk product. This work culminated with a U.S. patent in 1883 and a product that was originally called "Diastoid," but was later trademarked as "malted milk" in 1887.
The company continued to expand, with new branches opening in New York City in 1889, and in England after James returned there in 1890. James Horlick was knighted in 1914, and raised to the baronetcy of Cowley Manor. New manufacturing plants were opened in Racine in 1902 and 1905. William served as the company's treasurer until his brother's death in 1921, at which time he became company president, holding that position until his death in 1936.
Philanthropy.
Horlick was a prominent philanthropist, especially in the Racine area. Gifts in Racine include Memorial Hall, a maternity wing at St. Luke’s Hospital (in memory of his daughter Alice), Island Park, and Horlick Athletic Field, and the land for the high school named in his honour (William Horlick High School).
Horlick also supported several polar expeditions, including one to the Antarctic by Richard Byrd and another to the North Pole by Roald Amundsen. Horlick not only supported the expeditions financially, but his malted milk product also provided a non-perishable source of nutrition to the explorers. Because of his contributions, Byrd named the Horlick Mountains in Antarctica after William Horlick.
Pro Football.
In 1919, Horlick sponsored what was then called the "Horlick-Racine Legion". The team was sponsored by him and the American Legion Racine Post no. 76. Horlick paid the debts incurred for operating the Racine Legion. He also gave free use of his athletic field to both the Horlick-Racine Legion and Racine Tornadoes Football teams. He contributed substantial sums of money to convert Horlick Athletic Field to accommodate professional football and expended over $100,000 to cover the expenses of three 1920s seasons.
Personal life.
He married his second cousin Arabella Horlick (1850-1938) in 1870, while in the US. They had two children, William Jr. and Mabelle.

</doc>
<doc id="20750249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750249" title="Oxychilus depressus">
Oxychilus depressus

Oxychilus depressus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in the Czech Republic, Ukraine and other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20750250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750250" title="Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act">
Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act

The Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act or the DPBO Act (, ) is a piece of United States legislation that would allow LGBT federal employees to give their unrecognized same-sex spouses and partners health insurance, life insurance, government pensions, and other employment related benefits and obligations that married heterosexual federal employees enjoy by being married and heterosexual.
110th Congress.
The House version of the bill was originally introduced December 19, 2007 by Rep. Tammy Baldwin (D-WI). The bill garnered 90 cosponsors and was referred to the Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties but was not acted upon.
The Senate version of the bill was also introduced on December 19, 2007, by Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-CT). The bill was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of which Lieberman himself was the chair.
A hearing was held on September 24, 2008, with testimony coming from the deputy director of the United States Office of Personnel Management, an executive at IBM, the president of the National Treasury Employees Union and two others. Though it garnered 21 Democrats, 1 Republican and 1 Independent as cosponsors, the Senate bill also died when the committee did not vote on it.
111th Congress.
The act was reintroduced in the 111th Congress on May 20, 2009. The measure is sponsored by Reps. Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) & Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL) in the House of Representatives and by Sens. Joe Lieberman (I-CT) & Susan Collins (R-ME) in the Senate. The legislation has 140 cosponsors in the House and 31 in the Senate as of May 27, 2010.
In May 2009, Rep. Barney Frank told an interviewer from the "Washington Blade" that he believed supporters of the act "have a shot" at passing the bill. On June 17, 2009, President Obama announced his support for the Domestic Partners Benefits and Obligations Act, which he called "crucial legislation that will guarantee these rights for all federal employees."
On November 18, 2009, the bill was reported out of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee by a vote of 23-12. On December 16, 2009, the bill was reported out of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs by an 8-1 vote. Senator Bob Bennett (Junior senator, Utah) was the sole Committee vote against the bill.
112th Congress.
The Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act of 2011 was approved by voice vote by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs on May 16, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20750252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750252" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Dorchester County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dorchester County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Dorchester County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 25 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20750264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750264" title="Oxychilus glaber">
Oxychilus glaber

Oxychilus glaber is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20750273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750273" title="Oxychilus mortilleti">
Oxychilus mortilleti

Oxychilus mortilleti is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae.
The specific name "mortilleti" is in honor of French scientist Louis Laurent Gabriel de Mortillet (1821-1898).
Distribution.
The type locality is Lombardia, northern Italy.
This species is known to occur in:
External links.
"Species summary for "Oxychilus mortilleti"". AnimalBase.

</doc>
<doc id="20750274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750274" title="I'm Not Going Out Like That">
I'm Not Going Out Like That

"I'm Not Going Out Like That" was the first single released from Run–D.M.C.'s fourth album "Tougher Than Leather". It was released in 1988 by Profile Records and produced by Davy D. "I'm Not Going Out Like That" was not as successful as the other two singles from the album, "Mary, Mary" and "Run's House", peaking at number 40 on "Billboard"'s Hot Black Singles chart in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="20750287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750287" title="Hurns Brewing Company">
Hurns Brewing Company

The Hurns Brewing Company Limited is brewery company which brews a range of Welsh beers and ales. Hurns own several pubs in Wales.
History.
The Hurns Brewing Company was originally established as the Hurns Mineral Water Co by Arthur A Hurn. Hurns first premises were based in Northampton Lane in Swansea and their initial range of products were bottled soda water, ginger beer, lemonade and cordials. The Hurns Brewing Company acquired the Tomos Watkin brewery in 2002.
Tomos Watkin.
The present incarnation of Tomos Watkin was started in 1995 by Simon Buckley. Tomos Watkin first operated from a small brewery in Llandeilo, Carmarthenshire and later opened a larger brewery in Swansea. Tomos Watkin now brew several beverages from their brewery in the Swansea Enterprise Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20750300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750300" title="Daudebardia brevipes">
Daudebardia brevipes

Daudebardia brevipes is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae which belongs to the "Limacoid clade".
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is central-European and southern-European.
It occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20750321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750321" title="Phoenix Film Critics Society Award for Best Cinematography">
Phoenix Film Critics Society Award for Best Cinematography

The Phoenix Film Critics Society Award for Best Cinematography is an annual award given by the Phoenix Film Critics Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20750346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750346" title="Akonangui FC">
Akonangui FC

Akonangui Fútbol Club is an Equatoguinean football club based in the city of Ebebiyín.
It was dissolved in 2010, but returned for the 2012 season in Second Division, ascending to First Division next year.
2014 CAF Champions League's squad.
[http://www.camfoot.com/actualites/ligue-des-champions-les-astres,18054.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20750356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750356" title="Hans Hirning">
Hans Hirning

Hans Hirning was an Oberscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Hans Hirning was born on the 14 November 1922 at Ulm, he volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the 3rd SS Division "Totenkopf".
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in October 1941 and the 1st class award in July 1942.
He was a Rottenführer in the Mortar section of the 6th Company, 1st Infantry Regiment, SS "Totenkopf" when he was awarded the Knight's Cross in October 1942.
Hans Hirning was killed in action at Dürnholz in Czechoslovakia on the April 30th, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20750361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750361" title="Oklahoma Sooners football, 1940–49">
Oklahoma Sooners football, 1940–49

__NOTOC__
1949.
Schedule.
"Source: Oklahoma Sooners football results, 1940-1949"

</doc>
<doc id="20750402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750402" title="Gerd Cintl">
Gerd Cintl

Gerd Cintl (born December 11, 1938) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Düsseldorf.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20750404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750404" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Garrett County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Garrett County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Garrett County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Garrett County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20750406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750406" title="Károly Escher">
Károly Escher

Károly Escher (21 October 1890 - 16 February 1966) was a Hungarian photographer. Escher was born in Szekszárd, in the Tolna region of Hungary. He worked as a cinematographer on news reels during the briefly lived Hungarian Soviet Republic. Later he worked for the newspaper "Pesti Napló" during the 1930s and 1940s. He died at age 75 in Budapest in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20750426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750426" title="Arion circumscriptus">
Arion circumscriptus

Arion circumscriptus, common name Brown-banded arion, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae.
Description.
Slug is up to 40mm when mature. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:
It has been introduced in:
Parasites.
Parasites of "Arion circumscriptus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20750427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750427" title="Tender Forever">
Tender Forever

Tender Forever is the performing name of musician Melanie Valera. She was born in 1977 in South West France and currently lives in Portland, Oregon. Valera has worked on multimedia projects, including collaborations with film maker Ted Passon, artist Nick Lally and producer Christopher Doulgeris. Most recently, she performed at the Time-Based Art Festival 2010 in Portland, Oregon, the Whitney Museum of American Art in New-York City and La Cité Internationale Universitaire in Paris. Valera is currently recording her fourth album and received the RAAC (Regional Arts & Culture Council) Grant to complete a collaborative project called "MAZED" with Peter Burr.
She is openly lesbian.

</doc>
<doc id="20750432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750432" title="Arion fasciatus">
Arion fasciatus

Arion fasciatus, common name the Orange-banded Arion, is a species of air-breathing, completely shell-less, land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae, the round-back slugs, first described by Sven Nilsson in 1823.
Distribution.
"Arion fasciatus" are originally from Northern Europe, but spread to other cool, wet climates, including the British Isles, Canada and the Northern United States. They originally got across the Atlantic Ocean during the colonial era. These slugs are generally found in ecotonal habitats.
Description.
"Arion fasciatus" is very similar to most slugs in almost all ways. They are hermaphroditic with a head, mantle, and foot.
These slugs have two sets of retractable tentacles on their heads. The upper pair have light sensing organs, and the lower two are used to smell. These slugs have a mantle that covers much of the top of the first third of the body, with its pneumostome located on the back right portion of the mantle.
The foot has three sections horizontally across, and in the middle, on the head, is where the mouth and radula is. The orange banded arion has a darkened stripe that extends along the entire body and mantle length on both sides of the body, and is gray, off-white, or tan, with a very light colored foot.
The "Arion fasciatus" is about six centimeters in length when moving, secreting a clear mucus behind it. However, when disturbed, the mucus becomes denser and stickier. A study found that the thicker mucus can prevent predation by Carabid beetles, but that this mucus becomes exhausted after three minutes of stimulation. It then takes up to a day to get mucus production up to pre-attack levels, leaving the slug susceptible to other predators.
Feeding habits.
A study was done on the eating habits of "Arion fasciatus", which found that it does not find fresh leaves as palatable, likely because they generally feed under the leaf litter layer. This is not to say that the orange-banded arion does not eat fresh vegetable matter.
This study also found that the diet of the orange-banded arion is variable throughout the year. For example, an increase in animal material during May and June. The hypothesis is that during the colder months slugs don't move much under the leaf litter, and take in a lot of leaves where the chlorophyll as already broken down, and during the warmer months, they take advantage of the earthworms and small arthropods who have high mortality rates.

</doc>
<doc id="20750436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750436" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Wicomico County, Maryland">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wicomico County, Maryland

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Wicomico County, Maryland.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 22 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20750439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750439" title="Arion intermedius">
Arion intermedius

Arion intermedius is a species of land slug in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs. It is known commonly as the hedgehog slug, hedgehog arion, or glade slug. It is native to Western Europe, and it is known as an introduced species in many other regions, including North America, Australia, New Zealand, North Africa, South Africa, and the Pacific Islands.
Description.
This slug is 1.5 to 2 centimeters long. It is variable in color and patterning, being white, orange, or gray, with or without banding, and it has gray tentacles and a yellow or orange sole. It becomes compact and "nearly bell-shaped" when contracted. The tubercles that texture the dorsal surface of its body taper to sharp, prickle-like points, inspiring the common name hedgehog slug.
Biology.
This species occurs in natural habitat such as grasslands and forests, and on cultivated or otherwise human-altered land, such as pastures, orchards, and hedges. It feeds on plants and fungi.
For a long time, this hermaphroditic slug was thought to reproduce only by self fertilization; solitary captive specimens produced offspring and the species had never been observed mating. Genetic analysis provided evidence of crossing and the species is now believed to have a mixed breeding system, with an individual having the ability to fertilize itself or cross-fertilize, exchanging sperm with a mate.
It is a univoltine species, laying one brood of eggs per year, generally in the fall. Most adults do not live through the winter.
As a pest.
This is not considered to be a severe pest or invasive species, but some reports of such problems have been made. While most exotic slugs and snails are often found in altered environments, this species has a greater potential to invade natural habitat, such as forests. It may also displace native gastropod taxa. Its ability to self-fertilize allows a single individual to enter new habitat and then reproduce. It is also known as a pest of clover-seeded pastures in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20750444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750444" title="Arion silvaticus">
Arion silvaticus

Arion silvaticus is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20750446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750446" title="United States Senate election in Washington, 2010">
United States Senate election in Washington, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Washington was held on November 2, 2010 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democrat U.S. Senator Patty Murray won re-election to a fourth term.
General election.
Candidates.
The top 2 candidates from the blanket primary advanced to the general election.
Campaign.
Rossi has heavily criticized Murray for her support of the 2009 economic stimulus package; however, Rossi's economic promises are nearly identical to those of President Bush who asked for the stimulus. Rossi supports repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. He has also criticized Murray for her support for earmarks. In response, Murray said, "You bet that seniority and leadership has a big thing to do with it, but the other part of it is, I get up every day and I work hard and I believe in this and I am going to continue fighting for the community I represent."
Debates.
Rossi offered six debates, five of which would be in-state and one nationally. Murray agreed to two debates, and only two debates were held.

</doc>
<doc id="20750447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750447" title="Horst Effertz">
Horst Effertz

Horst Effertz (born 4 August 1938) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal in the coxed fours at the 1960 Summer Olympics. Four years later he competed in the coxless fours and finished in sixth place. Effertz won two European titles in 1959 and 1964 and finished second in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20750452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750452" title="Per Haddal">
Per Haddal

Per Haddal (born 1942) is a Norwegian film critic.
Born in Levanger, he has an M.A. in English. He started working for the newspaper "Vårt Land", where he remained from 1969 to 1978. He also worked freelance for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in the period 1975 to 1987. In 1978 he became the main film critic for the newspaper "Aftenposten", where he has worked since. In 2008 he led the film critics' jury at the Berlin Film Festival. Haddal has written books about the animator Ivo Caprino and the actress Liv Ullmann.

</doc>
<doc id="20750467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750467" title="Klaus Riekemann">
Klaus Riekemann

Klaus Riekemann (born May 19, 1940) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dorsten though he lived most of his life in Marl before moving around Europe and America.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event. It was after this event, that Klaus Riekemann entered into the newspapers due to an unfortunate accident. Whilst warming down after his event, he was jumping on a trampoline and misjudged his landing and badly shattered his ankle. His recuperation took a while at an Italian hospital near to Lake Como where the event took place.
External links.
He rowed at the European Championships. He was also present in the East side of Berlin at the building of the Berlin Wall.

</doc>
<doc id="20750474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750474" title="Return to order">
Return to order

The return to order was a European art movement that followed the First World War, rejecting the extreme avant-garde art of the years up to 1918 and taking its inspiration from traditional art instead. The movement was a reaction to the War. Cubism was abandoned even by its creators, Braque and Picasso, and Futurism, which had praised machinery, violence and war, was rejected by most of its followers. The return to order was associated with a revival of classicism and realistic painting.
This change of direction was reflected and encouraged by the magazine "Valori Plastici" published in Italian and French from 1918 to 1922. The term "return to order" to describe this renewed interest in tradition is said to derive from "Le rappel a l'ordre", a book of essays by the poet and artist Jean Cocteau published in 1926. 

</doc>
<doc id="20750486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750486" title="Jürgen Litz">
Jürgen Litz

Jürgen Litz (born October 8, 1938) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Essen.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20750503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750503" title="Michael Obst">
Michael Obst

Michael Obst (born June 22, 1944) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leipzig.
In 1960 he was the coxswain of the German boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20750514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750514" title="Minuscule 35">
Minuscule 35

Minuscule 35 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ309 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on 328 parchment leaves (). Paleographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. The manuscript has complex contents, marginalia, and many corrections.
Description.
The codex contains the entire New Testament with many corrections. The order of books: Gospels, Acts, Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles, and Book of Revelation. The text is written in 1 column per page, in 27 lines per page. It has "Homilie" of Chrysostomos at the end of the Pauline epistles.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with the ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is no a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains tables of the ("tables of contents") before each book, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), ("lessons"), liturgical books with hagiographies (Synaxarion and Menologion), subscriptions at the end of each book (with numbers of στιχοι), and many corrections. It has lectionary equipment for the Acts, the Euthalian Apparatus for the Catholic and Pauline epistles, and scholia for the Book of Revelation.
Text.
It has very regular orthography, and differs only slightly from familiar printed editions of the Byzantine text. Currently it is considered to be one of the best witness of the Byzantine text-type, and became the basis for "The Gospel According to John in the Byzantine Tradition".
According to Hermann von Soden it is a member of the textual family Family Kr. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kr in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It creates the subgroup 35.
To the subgroup 35 (lacks reading 37 in Luke 1) belong the manuscripts: 141, 170, 204, 394, 402, 516 (corr), 521, 553, 660 (corr), 758 ("prima manu"), 769, 797, 928, 1250, 1482, 1487, 1493, 1559, 1572, 1600, 1694 (prima manu), 2204, 2261, and 2554.
In 1 Corinthians 2:4 it reads πειθοι σοφιας ("plausible wisdom"), the reading is supported only by Old-Latin manuscripts Codex Augiensis and Codex Boernerianus.
For publication in "The Gospel According to John in the Byzantine Tradition" the text of the manuscript was changed in only 18 places in the Gospel of John. In 10 places a different orthography was adopted:
In 8 places the edited text follows the corrector instead of the first hand because of an error of the first hand:
Sometimes scribe of 35 presented alternative to the running text. In these four instances the editors preferred to leave the uncorrected text as the base text and note the correction in the critical apparatus:
Also, in the edition the text John 7:53-8:11 is marked on the margin by an obelus (÷). This is in conformity with the practice of the manuscript itself.
History.
The manuscript was dated to the 11th or 12th century. Currently it has been assigned by the INTF to the 11th century.
Formerly it was held at the Athos peninsula in Great Lavra. Between 1643 and 1653 the manuscript was acquired for the collection of Pierre Séguier (1588-1672), the great-grandfather of Henri-Charles de Coislin, Bishop of Metz. It became a part of the Fonds Coislin. It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein.
Bernard de Montfaucon was the first who examined and described this manuscript. Then it was examined and described by Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885. The text of Revelation was collated by Hoskier (1929). 
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Coislin, Gr. 199) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20750570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750570" title="Christina Goulter">
Christina Goulter

Christina Goulter is a New Zealand-born and educated British military historian who is a senior lecturer in the Defence Studies Department of King's College London. Between 1994 and 1997 Goulter served as an Associate Visiting Professor of Strategy at the US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
Goulter researches and teaches on air power, intelligence and counter-insurgency studies. Her works include one book, "A Forgotten Offensive: Royal Air Force Coastal Command's Anti-Shipping Campaign 1940-1945" (London: Frank Cass, 1995), and various articles on current aerospace subjects, intelligence, the Special Operations Executive in World War II, and counter-insurgency warfare. A forthcoming book will deal with British intervention in the second round of the Greek Civil War, with a particular focus on urban counter-insurgency.
Goulter is a member of the CAS Air Power Workshop, a small working group of scholars and other theorists convened by the Chief of Air Staff (the head of the Royal Air Force). She is also Committee member, Royal Aeronautical Society, and is on the Advisory Panels of several journals, including Strategic Studies Quarterly. She is also a member of the Academic Advisory Panel of the Royal Air Force Centre for Air Power Studies.
In August 2006 she was quoted as arguing that it was the Royal Navy, not the Royal Air Force, that won the Battle of Britain in 1940. Goulter, along with two other historians, later issued a rebuttal, arguing that their holistic view of British defences had been seriously misrepresented. She said that that British Air Power, as a whole played the decisive role in victory, and this included Bomber and Coastal Commands, as well as the Fleet Air Arm. 

</doc>
<doc id="20750574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750574" title="Rowland George">
Rowland George

Rowland David George DSO OBE (15 January 1905 – 9 September 1997) was a British rower who won gold in the 1932 Summer Olympics. As a World War II wing commander he was the only member of the Royal Air Force Equipment Branch to be awarded the Distinguished Service Order. Until his death he was the oldest surviving British Olympic gold medallist.
Early life and Olympic success.
George was born at Bath, Somerset, the third son (fourth child) of John Ellis George and May Louise George. He was educated at Wycliffe College and Lincoln College, Oxford. He started rowing at Oxford, but was not yet at a standard to compete in the Boat Race. After one race a doctor ordered him never to set foot in a boat again as he was so exhausted. He entered business with E. S. & A. Robinson(later part of Dickinson Robinson Group), a firm of printers and packing manufacturers in Bristol, and in 1929 he was transferred to the London office in Colliers Wood, which gave him the opportunity to start rowing again. 
In 1930 he joined Thames Rowing Club. In 1931 at Henley Royal Regatta, he was in the winning Thames coxless four in the Wyfold Challenge Cup and in the Thames eight that lost narrowly in the final of the Grand Challenge Cup. In 1932 at Henley he was in the runner-up Thames eight in the final of the Grand again and was also the winning Thames crew in the Stewards Challenge Cup. The Thames coxless four was then chosen to represent Great Britain rowing at the 1932 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal in a hard race against the German crew.
George married Hon. Sylvia Beatrice Norton, daughter of Cecil Norton, 1st Baron Rathcreedan and Marguerite Cecil Huntington, at St Mary's Henley on 22 April 1933 and had three sons and a daughter.
World War II.
In World War II, George joined the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve serving in the Equipment Branch as he was too old for flying training. He was commissioned as an acting pilot officer on 9 November 1939, promoted pilot officer on 8 January 1940 flying officer on 1 December 1940, and temporary flight lieutenant on 1 March 1942. In late 1942, as an acting squadron leader, he commanded the RAF unit responsible for supplies passing through the harbour at Bone, Algeria, as part of the Operation Torch landings. He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 1943 King's Birthday Honours in recognition of his efforts supporting the operation while under considerable harassment from the Luftwaffe.
In 1943 as an acting wing commander, and due to the reputation he had gained in Algeria, he was appointed to the staff planning the Allied invasion of Sicily. He was in charge of the supply system from the beaches to the airfields during the Salerno landings. He landed on the beaches with the first assault troops on 10 September 1943 and came under fire on the beaches and on the way to the supply dumps and airfields. He carried on even though he was wounded when his tented camp was hit by two bombs. He was subsequently awarded the Distinguished Service Order, and the citation published on 26 May 1944 read:
He was also Mentioned in Despatches on 14 January 1944, and again on 8 June 1944. Though an acting wing commander, his substantive rank was still flight lieutenant, he was promoted war substantive squadron leader on 18 June 1944. He was also awarded the US Legion of Merit (degree of Officer) in 1944.
Later life.
After the war George returned to work for Robinsons, becoming Managing Director of their subsidiaries in Colliers Wood and, later, Ipswich. He retained an RAFVR commission and on 13 April 1948 transferred to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force as a squadron leader in the Aircraft Control Branch. He became commanding officer of the County of Suffolk Fighter Control Unit, relinquishing the post on 1 June 1951 when he transferred to the reserve. He also returned to Colliers Wood at this time.
In 1959 George took early retirement as he wished to return to his roots in Bath. Here he was active as a Christian Scientist, and was also chairman of the Bath Council of Social Services, the Bath Society for the Blind and secretary of the Bath Preservation Trust. He was increasingly affected by deafness resulting from his war service, but this did not prevent him learning Spanish when he was invited to the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, a guest of the British Olympic Association 60 years after winning in Los Angeles.
George died at the age of 92 and was buried in the cemetery at Berkeley, Gloucestershire. Sylvia had died in 1984, one son also predeceased him.

</doc>
<doc id="20750595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750595" title="Peyman Hooshmandzadeh">
Peyman Hooshmandzadeh

Peyman Hooshmandzadeh (born 1969 in Tehran) is an Iranian photographer and author.
Education.
He studied photography at the Azad University of Tehran.
Work.
He is known for his series of photographs: "Cafe Shooka" and "Teahouse". Today he works as a photojournalist for several newspapers in Iran (Gozaresh e rooz Newspaper (works as a photo-editor), Isatis Monthly Magazine, Asia Newspaper and Goonagoon Newspaper (works as a photo-editor)) and abroad (Reuters, Panos Picture Agency, Polfoto Agency). He published a compilation of short stories "Two Dots" was published in April 2000 and "When two Sundays meet" was published in April 2001. A compilation of short notes "Alcohollypsis" was published in February 2004. He is also one of the founding members of 135 PHOTOS agency in Iran.
Photographs by Peyman have appeared in several personal and group exhibitions in Tehran: at the Museum of Contemporary Art, the Photography Biennal and the Silk Road Gallery in Tehran. Two times in 1999 and 2000 has won the annual Press Photography Festival award in Tehran.
In November 2007 he participated in the First Biennale of Images of the World (Photoquai), organized by Musée du Quai Branly in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20750598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750598" title="Grade I listed buildings in North Yorkshire">
Grade I listed buildings in North Yorkshire

The county of North Yorkshire is divided into 11 districts. The districts of North Yorkshire are Selby, Borough of Harrogate, Craven, Richmondshire, Hambleton, Ryedale, the Borough of Scarborough, the City of York, Redcar and Cleveland, Middlesbrough, and Stockton-on-Tees.
As there are 364 Grade I listed buildings in the county they have been split into separate lists for each district.

</doc>
<doc id="20750599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750599" title="Lorne Abony">
Lorne Abony

Lorne Abony (born August 26, 1969) is a Canadian businessman and the former CEO of Mood Media Corporation, a public company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange. Abony has also been instrumental in the founding of a number other media ventures. He co-founded FUN Technologies in 2001 and in 2004 as CEO of FUN became the youngest CEO of a listed company on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). Additionally, Abony is an accomplished tennis player and member of the Competition Committee of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).
Career and business experience.
Abony was born and raised in Toronto. After graduating from the University of Windsor law school in 1994, Abony practiced corporate and securities law at the Toronto firm Aird & Berlis. Abony left the law profession in 1996 to embark on an entrepreneurial career. In his role as CEO and founder of a number of successful ventures, Abony has raised over C$1.3 billion through the public and private debt and equity markets, including over $100 million for Petopia.com, $190 million for FUN Technologies and over $820 million for Mood Media.
Mood Media.
Abony is currently CEO and Chairman of the Board of Mood Media Corporation ("Mood Media"). Mood Media provides in-store media to over 575,000 locations worldwide, including clients such as McDonald's, Gucci, H&M, Abercrombie & Fitch, Nike, Hilton Hotel and AT&T. Mood Media has offices in 48 countries employs over 2,700 employees and plays over 115 million songs and 10 million on-hold and on-premise messages daily.
In 2011 Mood Media was named Canada's fastest growing company by "Profit".
Mood Media currently has an market cap value of approximately $176 million.
FUN Technologies.
In 2002, Abony co-founded Columbia Exchange Systems Software PLC with Andrew Rivkin after the two raised C$1.8 million from initial investors. Later renamed FUN Technologies, Abony became the company's CEO and the largest individual shareholder. In 2003, FUN completed an IPO on the London Stock Exchange raising over $11 million. Soon after, FUN listed its shares on the TSX raising over $56 million from a group of investors including Fidelity Investments, AGF Management and the Ontario Teachers Pension Fund. FUN became one of the fastest growing companies on the TSX and in three years raised over $160 million in five rounds of equity financing. FUN and its subsidiaries acquired seven businesses during Abony's tenure as CEO, including SkillJam Technologies Corporation, Don Best Sports, Fanball Interactive LLC, Octopi Inc., Teagames, WorldWinner Inc. and Fantasy Sports Inc.
The Meridian, Colorado-based Liberty Media acquired a majority interest in FUN Technologies stock in 2005. Liberty Media purchased the rest of FUN Technologies in late 2007. The company was valued at nearly C$500 million at the time of its final sale to Liberty Media.
Petopia.com.
In January 1998, Abony founded and served as the initial president of the online pet-supply business Paw.net in San Francisco. The company, which was eventually renamed Petopia.com, grew to 200 full-time employees within two years and raised over $114 million in financing. Petopia.com was sold to Petco in 2001.
Green Dot (German: Der Grüne Punkt) Duales System Deutschland GmbH (DSD).
Abony was part of the private equity syndicate that acquired Der Grüne Punkt (Green Dot) "DSD" from Kohlberg Kravis Roberts in 2011. Abony sits on the board of DSD and is one of its largest shareholders. DSD was founded in 1990 and was the first company to introduce a dual take-back system in Germany, in response to the Packaging Ordinance & Waste Act. The Green Dot (German: Der Grüne Punkt) is the license symbol of a European network of industry-funded systems for recycling the packaging materials of consumer goods. The logo is trademark protected worldwide. DSD employs 247 people in Germany, and is considered the largest dual take-back systems provider in Europe. In 2009, DSD recovered approximately 2.75 million tons of sales packaging, saved 60 billion megajoules of energy and reduced CO2 emissions (and its equivalents) by 1.5 million tons. According to Reuters, DSD a former non-profit organization, had 2009 sales of 684 million euros ($943 million).
Charitable Giving.
Abony is a strong supporter of education-based charities and tennis-based charities.
Abony Tennis Center.
In 2012, Abony gave $250,000 to fund the Abony tennis center in Fredericton, NB. The Abony Tennis Centre will be located in Fredericton, New Brunswick, and will focus on developing tennis at the grassroots level. The Community Tennis Centre will be the only six-court tennis facility in the Maritime Provinces and, as such, will be a regional center for the growth of tennis and could serve as the Eastern Canadian regional training center. Additionally, it will attract indoor international events and will be a primary venue for provincial tournaments, wheelchair events, school programs, and programs for children, adults, and seniors.
Weiss School.
In April 2012, Abony gave $500,000 to The Weiss School
the premier school for gifted education in Florida, to fund scholarships for gifted children and to build a new kindergarten. Abony also organizes the The Weiss School Tennis Pro-Am, a tennis tournament bringing professional players such as Vince Spadea, Rick Leach, Potito Starace, Guillermo Canas, Jared Palmer, Donald Johnson and others with amateur players like Abony to compete, with all proceeds going directly to The Weiss School. In 2011, Abony helped raise over $200,000 for the school.
Israel Tennis Centers.
In November 2010 Abony made a $250,000 donation to Israel Tennis Centers.
Education, Academia and Awards.
Abony earned an MBA from Columbia Business School, an LL.B/J.D. from the International Law Center at the University of Windsor and a B.A. from McGill University. He is a recipient of Canada's Top 40 Under 40 award and an Ambassador for the Province of New Brunswick and in 2006 was a recipient of the University of Windsor's Odyssey award.
Abony sat on the Fraser Institute, a leading Canadian think tank Board of Trustees from 2006 to 2007.
Tennis.
ATP (Association of Tennis Professionals).
In August 2012, Abony was selected as one of two Players Representatives to sit on the newly formed 6-member Competition Committee of the ATP. The Competition Committee is composed of distinguished members of the international tennis community including former Wimbledon champion Richard Krajicek. The Competition Committee was created to "explore new and creative ideas for enhancing the competition and presentation of the sport."
Competitive Tennis.
Abony is a competitive tennis player. He was a member of the Team Canada men's tennis team which competed in the 2009 Maccabiah Games in Israel. He also competes in the USTA Men's NTRP 5.0 Florida Section, where he was ranked fourth in the state in 2010.
Abony also competes in both the ITF and USTA men's over-40 divisions in both the state and national level in both singles and doubles. Abony's doubles' partner in the men's over-40 category is Jared Palmer, formerly the world #1-ranked doubles player and Wimbledon and Australian Open doubles champion. As of July 3, 2012, Abony, along with tennis partner Jared Palmer, is ranked #2 in the USTA's National Men's over-40 Team Doubles rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="20750611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750611" title="Oregon State Beavers men's basketball">
Oregon State Beavers men's basketball

The Oregon State Beavers men's basketball program, established in 1901, is the intercollegiate men's basketball program of the Oregon State University Beavers. The program is classified in the NCAA's Division I, and the team competes in the Pacific-12 Conference. The team is coached by Craig Robinson. OSU is the 20th most successful program of all time as of the end of the 2011–12 season with 111 seasons and a record of 1,640 wins and 1,233 losses. The team plays home games in Gill Coliseum.
NCAA record.
Oregon State holds several NCAA basketball records:
Individual Records
Top Season Performances by Class
Team Records
Coaches.
The Oregon State men's basketball team has had 20 head coaches and one interim head coach. Both Slats Gill and Ralph Miller are members of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. The current coach, Craig Robinson, was hired by OSU in 2008 out of Brown University, where Robinson had just coached the Bears to a school record 19 wins. Robinson is the brother of United States first lady Michelle Obama, and the brother-in-law to United States President Barack Obama. The longest tenured coach is Slats Gill, who was the coach for 36 seasons, winning 599 games in the process.
Rivalries.
Oregon Ducks — The Civil War is Oregon State's main rivalry.
Washington Huskies — The Dog Fight is one of Oregon State's lesser known rivalry games.
Washington State Cougars — The Cougars and Beavers are longtime Pac-12 (and regional) rivals.
Notable players.
Oregon State has had 75 all-conference and 32 All-America selections, five Pac-10 Players of the Year, 42 players selected in the NBA Draft, and 24 players that have gone on to play in the NBA. Additionally, OSU basketball alumni have 4 gold medals at the Olympics, including one by Lew Beck, who never played in the NBA. A total of 7 players have won 11 NBA titles, including three by A. C. Green, two by Brent Barry, two by Mel Counts, and one each by Red Rocha, Dave Gambee, Lonnie Shelton, and Gary Payton.
The players who have gone on to play in the NBA are:
Oregon State has retired the jersey numbers of five players:
Orange Express.
The 1980-1981 Oregon State men's basketball season was arguably one of the best and ironically most upsetting basketball seasons in Oregon State history. The team was referred to as the Orange Express and was led by Beaver legendary coach Ralph Miller. The Orange Express season was Beaver great, Steve Johnson's, last year at OSU. This season would be the first time in OSU history that the Beavers would win at UCLA. The Orange Express spent a school record 25 weeks as #1 in the polls while finishing with a 26-2 record. At 26-1 the team would go into the NCAA tournament as a number one seed and were upset by number eight seed Kansas State 50-48. Miller was awarded UPI and AP Coach of the Year honors and Steve Johnson would receive All-American honors. Throughout 1980-83 OSU held a 77-11 record which at the time was only bested by DePaul's 79-6 record. This record would include a 35-1 record at Gill Coliseum including a school best 24 wins in a row.
Postseason history.
NCAA Tournament (16 appearances)
"1947": lost to Oklahoma 56-54, beat Wyoming 63-46 (West Regional consolation)
"1949": beat Arkansas 56-38, lost to Oklahoma State 55-30 (West Regional final)
"1955": beat Seattle 83-71, lost to San Francisco 57-56 (West Regional final)
"1962": beat Seattle 69-65 OT, beat Pepperdine 69-67, lost to UCLA 88-69 (West Regional final)
"1963": beat Seattle 70-66, beat San Francisco 65-61, beat Arizona State 83-65, lost to Cincinnati 80-46, lost to Duke 85-63 (Final Four third place game)
"1964": lost to Seattle 61-57 (West Regional first round)
"1966": beat Houston 63-60, lost to Utah 70-64 (West Regional final)
"1975": beat Middle Tennessee State 78-67, lost to Indiana 81-71, lost to Central Michigan 88-87 (Midwest Regional consolation)
"1980": (2), lost to (10) Lamar 81-77 (West Regional second round)
"1981": (1), lost to (8) Kansas State 50-48 (West Regional second round)
"1982": (2), beat (7) Pepperdine 70-51, beat (3) Idaho 60-42, lost to (1) Georgetown 69-45 (West Regional final)
"1984": (6), lost to (11) West Virginia 64-62 (Mideast Regional first round)
"1985": (10), lost to (7) Notre Dame 79-70 (Southeast Regional first round)
"1988": (12), lost to (5) Louisville 70-61 (Southeast Regional first round)
"1989": (6), lost to (11) Evansville 94-90 OT (West Regional first round)
"1990": (5), lost to (12) Ball State 54-53 (West Regional first round)
National Invitational Tournament (4 appearances)
"1979": lost to Nevada 61-62 (1st Round)
"1983": beat Idaho 77-59, beat New Orleans 88-71, lost to Fresno State 67-76 (Quarterfinal)
"1987": beat New Mexico 85-82, lost to California 62-65 (2nd Round)
"2005": lost to Cal State Fullerton 83-85 (opening round)
College Basketball Invitational (3 appearances, 1 Championship)
"2009": beat Houston 49-45, beat Vermont 71-70 OT, beat Stanford 65-62 OT, beat UTEP 75-69, lost to UTEP 63-70, beat UTEP 81-73 (Tournament Champions)
"2010": lost to Boston University 78-96 (first round)
"2012": beat Western Illinois 80-59, beat TCU 101-81, lost to Washington State 55-72 (semifinals)
All-time record vs. Pac-12 opponents.
The Oregon State Beavers have the following series records vs. Pac-12 opponents. They lead the series against their arch-rival Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20750618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750618" title="Bernhard Knubel (rower)">
Bernhard Knubel (rower)

Bernhard Knubel (March 2, 1938 – February 23, 1973) was a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Brotdorf.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20750626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750626" title="Charpentieria ornata">
Charpentieria ornata

Charpentieria ornata is a species of small, very elongate, air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is eastern-Alpine.
It occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20750632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750632" title="Daisy Rock (pornographic actress)">
Daisy Rock (pornographic actress)

Daisy Rock (born in England) is a pornographic actress. She frequently appears on the British adult channel Television X and was part of their 15th birthday celebratory photoshoot.

</doc>
<doc id="20750651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750651" title="Shell Shocked (album)">
Shell Shocked (album)

Shell Shocked is the second album by rapperS, Mac. It was released on July 21, 1998 through No Limit Records and was almost entirely produced by Beats By the Pound. Like most of No Limit's releases in the late 90's, "Shell Shocked" peaked very high on the Billboard charts, making it to #10 on the Billboard 200 and #4 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. There was a music video for the single "Boss Chick" feat Mia X, which is one of Mac's biggest hits

</doc>
<doc id="20750653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750653" title="Gerry's Grill">
Gerry's Grill

Gerry’s Grill is a group of restaurants based in the Philippines. It is also among the largest restaurant chains in the country, having 47 stores (44 in the Philippines and 3 in the United States).
History.
Gerardo B. Apolinario had a way of enjoying delicious food with friends and relatives. In this, he dreamed of a place of such pleasant ambience which he would share with them. After gathering his folks for organizing, Gerry's Grill was opened on Valentines Day in 1997. Since then, the restaurant business rapidly expanded. Apolinario's explanation regarding how he founded the chain was:
During the opening of a branch in Cebu, Apolinario once quoted: 
After opening a couple of branches in the United States, the restaurant chain plans to put up and outlet in Singapore. It has been opened at the Marina Bay on December 2010.
Other countries that being considered to have branches soon include Canada, Australia, and Thailand.
Products.
One of its high promoted delicacies is blue marlin (as emphasize by the restaurant logo). This fish is served in four ways.
Their best selling dish however is sisig, a dish of fried pieces of pork which originated from Angeles City in the province of Pampanga and has since become an integral part of Philippine cuisine. This dish also comes in tuna and milk fish versions.
Gerry's Grill has branches all over Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao.
References.
December 12, 2009. Gerry's Grill Press Exposure (Backroom Inc.), Ezine Articles. com, http://ishalleatandcook.blogspot.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20750659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750659" title="Cochlodina dubiosa">
Cochlodina dubiosa

Cochlodina dubiosa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.
Distribution.
This species occurs in

</doc>
<doc id="20750671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750671" title="Greg Ottensmeyer">
Greg Ottensmeyer

Gregory Vernon Ottensmeyer, Sr., b. 15 October 1952 in Baltimore, MD is an American entrepreneur and businessperson. Ottensmeyer’s pioneering efforts in the 1970s helped incubate competition in the US telecommunications industry. His actions along with MCI and others contributed to the U.S. Department of Justice mandated breakup of AT&T, (the Bell System monopoly) in 1984, by decree of the Honorable Harold H. Greene, encouraging a climate that would fuel rapid development of competitive telephony and technological innovations leading to creation of the public Internet.
Present Business.
Today, Ottensmeyer serves as President of TelephoNET, Corp, a technology company he co-founded in April 1996 with partner, D. David Wielech. TelephoNET is a privately held company providing turn-key telephony systems, worldwide.
Early Business History.
In 1976 Ottensmeyer founded the innovative flat-rate long distance calling service that was contested by AT&T, the Bell System Telephone Company monopoly. The Bell System took steps to destroy the budding AT&T competitor. Ottensmeyer's attorneys charged violation of the Sherman Anti-trust Act and litigated his right and others, to compete with the century old monopoly. 
In 1984 Ottensmeyer and Marvin A. Jolson, PhD formed Shortline Systems, Inc, who was permitted to operate its business undeterred until sold in 2003 to USA Datanet.
Background History.
In 1976, while operating the A. A. Telephone Answering Service in Bel Air, MD, Ottensmeyer began patching local phone calls together on a 557B corded switchboard to create flat-rate long distance calls that he resold for 25¢ per-call, far less than the 28¢ to 43¢ per-minute charged at that time by the local telephone company, C&P Telephone Company a division of AT&T – a/k/a Ma Bell - the regulated telephone monopoly. Ottensmeyer and Beryl B. Franklin co-founded Mercury Metro Service believed to be the first application of flat-rate long distance service in the US. Ma Bell attorney’s considered the activity illegal and a violation of tariffs. Bell obtained a warrant from Maryland authorities to search the Answering Service premise and seize telephone equipment used by Ottensmeyer to provide the non-toll calling service.
The Raid.
On March 26, 1979, MD State troopers along with AT&T security personnel raided A. A. Answering Telephone Service premise, which doubled as Ottensmeyer’s home. Police confiscated electronic devices used by Ottensmeyer to provide the service. Immediately after the raid, and without charging Ottensmeyer of any crime, C&P Telephone Company (AT&T) sent notice to each of Ottensmeyer's Answering Service clients advising them that they would disconnect their telephone answering bureau services in 30-days. "Ottensmeyer v. AT&T, 1979-1985"
Antitrust Suit.
Mercedes Samborsky, Esq, who was an answering service subscriber and Brian Nash, Esq, represented the Telephone Answering Service interests. Ottensmeyer's attorney's filed for injunctive relief in MD District court and petitioned the MD Public Service Commission to stay Bell’s threat to put the budding competitor out-of-business. Against a legion of AT&T attorney’s, Ottensmeyer’s counsel convinced the court that AT&T should not be allowed to burden answering service clients because Ottensmeyer violated no law by seeking to compete against AT&T's monopolistic long distance service. Bell attorney’s were compelled to reverse their position and ultimately agreed to allow the answering bureau to continue, without the long distance service, provided Ottensmeyer promised not to enter the business premise. Ottensmeyer was advised to agree to AT&T's mandate, even though it resulted in him being evicted from his home.
In 1980, attorneys for Ottensmeyer retrieved the equipment that was confiscated 1-year earlier by MD State Police and AT&T Security personnel and filed Anti-trust charges against AT&T, et al., claiming that the Bell System's actions constituted "restraint of trade" in violation of the Sherman Act. After years of litigation, the court ruled against Ottensmeyer upholding the telephone company’s claim that his use of Bell telephone lines constituted tariff violations sufficient to justify AT&T’s strong-arm tactics in 1979. 
Ottensmeyer appealed before the United States Court of Appeals, Fourth Circuit. Case No. 84-1068 was argued on December 6, 1984 resulting in affirmation of the lower court ruling. 
Leo George, Esq., notable communications attorney, who provided early legal counsel to MCI and its founders Goeken & McGowan, represented Ottensmeyer's case before Judge Greene in the Bell monopoly Divestiture hearings in 1983, wherein it was ruled in the DOJ's Modified Final Judgment (MFJ) that resale of telephone service shall be permitted. Judge Greene's ruling mandated the divestiture of AT&T and broke-up the Bell System monopoly by creating seven autonomous Baby Bell companies. Judge Greene's ruling is credited with opening the US telecommunications industry to competitive market forces. Consequently, countries around the world opened their telecoms marketplace to free market competition.
References.
1. MCI and its founder Jack Goeken
2. Carterphone is a 1968 decision by the Federal Communications Commission that allowed the Carterfone device to be connected to AT&T's network, as long as they did not cause damage to the system. This ruling {13 F.C.C.2d 420} resulted in a 1968 decision to allow connection of foreign equipment to the Bell telephone network.
3. Hush-a-phone In Hush-a-Phone v. United States, 238 F.2d 266 (D.C. Cir. 1956), although the FCC sided with AT&T to disallow the Hush-a-phone (a small, cup-like device which mounted on the speaking party's phone) the decision affirmed the principle that attachments causing no harm to the Bell telephone network must be allowed, thereby opening the door for future competition.
4. US Court of Appeals, Case No. 84-1068: Titled: Gregory Ottensmeyer, Individually and T/a A.A. Answering Service; Melissa Ottensmeyer, Individually and T/a A.A. Answering Service; Telecom, Inc.; Appellants, v. Chesapeake & Potomac Telephone Company of Maryland, a Maryland Corporation; American Telephone and Telegraph Co., Incorporated in the State of Maryland, Appellees., 756 F.2d 986 (4th Cir. 1985)Federal Circuits, 4th Cir. (February 26, 1985) Docket number: 84-1068. 
5. Genius on Hold (2011), the 90-minute docu-movie by Director Gregory Marquette, provides a historical reference of events leading to the 1984 divestiture of AT&T and features an interview with Ottensmeyer about his experience with challenging the Bell System monopoly.
US Premiere: April 13, 2012, SOHO International Film Festival, NYC, Produced by Walter T. Shaw.
6. 'Genius on Hold’ a cautionary David-and-Goliath story by ROBERT SIMS, Palm Beach Daily News; http://www.palmbeachdailynews.com/news/genius-on-hold-a-cautionary-david-and-goliath-2313269.html
7. "Genius On Hold"-Theatrical Trailer V.1; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkxh4RdMDMY
8. Argot and Ochre, by Daniel Rolnik, APRIL 5, 2011 http://aopublic.com/blog/2011/04/genius-on-hold/
9. "For One More Day" Music Video from "A Genius On Hold" Documentary. http://vimeo.com/21815328
10. Genius on Hold, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1806910/

</doc>
<doc id="20750674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750674" title="Aristocracy (class)">
Aristocracy (class)

The aristocracy are people that a particular social order considers in the highest social class of that society. Specifically, in monarchies, the aristocracy are a class of people ("aristocrats") who either possess hereditary titles granted by a monarch or are related to such people. In some societies—such as Ancient Greece, Rome, and India—aristocratic status may derive from membership of a military caste, although it has also been common for aristocrats to belong to priestly dynasties in lieu of this, as is the case in polities all over the continent of Africa. Aristocratic status can involve feudal or legal privileges. They are usually below only the monarch of a country or nation in its social hierarchy.
The term "aristocracy" derives from the Greek ἀριστοκρατία ("aristokratia' ἄριστος ("aristos") "excellent," and κράτος ("kratos") "power". In most cases, aristocratic titles were and are hereditary, passing on death to another family member, typically the eldest son or eldest child.
Origins of the notion.
The term "aristocracy" (ἀριστοκρατία) was first given in Athens to young citizens (the men of the ruling class) who led armies from the front line. Because military bravery was highly regarded as a virtue in ancient Greece, it was assumed that the armies were being led by "the best". From the ancient Greeks, the term passed on to the European Middle Ages for a similar hereditary class of military leaders often referred to as the "nobility". As in Greece, this was a class of privileged men and women whose familial connections to the regional armies allowed them to present themselves as the most "noble" or "best."
Europe.
Historically the status and privileges of the aristocracy in Europe were below royalty and above all non-aristocrats.
The French Revolution attacked aristocrats as people who had achieved their status by having been born in a wealthy family rather than by merit, and this was considered unjust. In the United Kingdom and other European countries, such as Spain and Denmark, in which hereditary titles are still recognised, "aristocrat" still refers to the descendant of one of approximately 7,000 families with hereditary titles, many still in possession of considerable wealth.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, members of the highest echelon of the aristocracy, the hereditary peers were, until 1999, members of the House of Lords—the upper house of the legislature, the Parliament of the United Kingdom. In 1999, most ceased to be members. However, the Duke of Norfolk, who always serves as Earl Marshal, the hereditary peer who serves as Lord Great Chamberlain (currently the Marquess of Cholmondeley), and a further 90 Representative Hereditary Peers elected by the Hereditary Peers retained membership. Since 1958, non-hereditary "life peers" have been created, who are automatically members of the House of Lords for life with the right to be known by their title. For example, John Gummer became (The Rt Hon.) Lord Deben. 
However, life peers are not considered part of the aristocracy, nor are knights, unless born into an aristocratic or landed gentry family. (Examples include James Douglas-Hamilton, Baron Selkirk of Douglas and Sir Winston Churchill—all born into aristocratic families).
Besides the hereditary peers, the landed gentry, consisting of baronets, Scottish barons and untitled landowning armigerous families are considered part of the aristocracy. Unlike the Continental untitled nobility, British untitled families that belong to the gentry have no legal recognition of their aristocratic position.
India.
In ancient India, starting in the Vedic period, the Kshatriyas formed the military aristocracy. Although the Brahmins—priests and interpreters of religious texts—were theoretically the highest caste, power and prestige rested with the ruling Kshatriya caste.
Indian allochtonous titles.
Under the rule of the Mughal Empire, the titles for those under a king were borrowed from Persia. Most Indian princely families and a large part of the subcontinent's "jagirdars", "thikanadars" and "talukdars" were of the kshatriya rajput caste, as was the case for the rulers of the Deccan. These were often thought of as the Nobility of the Sword.
Zamindar
Many landholding families either held legal or administrative offices, and were sometimes considered the Indian version of the Nobility of the Robe. The princes appointed officers, such as "dewan" and other state level ministers, to run their administrations, who were considered members of the regional nobility. Most of these officers were either relatives of the princes who appointed them, or were themselves substantial landlords under the sovereignty of the Princely States, and most held hereditary titles. Sometimes, educated men belonging to the British Imperial Services were also appointed to the high offices of the Princely States, but their positions were not hereditary and they were seen as career bureaucrats rather than noblemen by their employer's.
Nowadays, aristocratic titles like Chadha, Bhattacharyya, Goswami, Chaudhary, Sardar, Zaildar, Jagirdar, Thakur, Nair, Madampi, Varma and Verma are still used in India.
Nigeria.
Deriving for the most part from the pre-colonial states that existed in the region that would become known as Nigeria, the legally-recognised titles of the Nigerian nobility range from "king" to the ubiquitous "chief". They give their bearers no political authority in theory, but in practice allow them to serve as immensely powerful patrons of the country's political leaders due to their control of popular opinion within its various tribes. Along with those of their titled relatives and courtiers, they also ensure that they serve as the guiding forces behind the varied cultural and religious ceremonies that take place in the country throughout the calendar year.
Titles such as Oba, Amanyanaboh, Mai, Obong, Sarki, Attah and Obi are used by the dynastic heads, while "prince" and "princess" are either used in their English forms or in their native ones by the cadets of their houses. Their ministers, meanwhile, tend to be called either "chiefs" or "elders" depending on what their monarchs are themselves called, with chiefs serving under a ruler who is called a king and elders serving under one called a chief.

</doc>
<doc id="20750692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750692" title="Pseudofusulus varians">
Pseudofusulus varians

Pseudofusulus varians is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
Genus Pseudofusulus is monotypic genus (contains one species only) with "Pseudofusulus varians" as its type species.
It is a relict species from Atlantic period of the Holocene, inhabiting exclusively nature beech and scree forests in Europe.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is Eastern-Alpine and Western-Carpathian. The type locality is High Alps in Styria, Austria.
The key area of its range are Western Alps (from the south-western part of Alps to Croatia, and also to Dolomites in the southern Tyrol).
Description.
The shell is horny or greenish brown and finely ribbed. The shell has 9-10 whorls. The apertural margin is detached. Columellaris is deep inside and forked, hardly visible in a perpendicular view. Palatal wall is white and prominent. There is no lunula. Subcolumellaris is very close to basal furrow, visible in an oblique view. Clausilium is not very concave.
The width of the shell is 2.2–3 mm. The height of the shell is 9–12 mm.
Habitat.
"Pseudofusulus varians" is very exacting on the quality of its environment and its populations are small and quite scattered in the whole of its range.
It lives in virgin-like forests and old-growth forest with fallen dead wood (coarse woody debris) in montane and submontane. It is found in humid and shady habitats in woods, under ground litter and stones, in mountains. In the Czech Republic it is strictly associated with trees, restricted to undisturbed and hardly accessible natural beech forests. "Pseudofusulus varians" is strictly dendrophilous species, so the main threat is dead wood removing and clearcutting.
As it is endangered in the whole Europe, it is very important to protect its modern sites.
Toxicity.
The venom of "Pseudofusulus varians" is used mainly for hunting. It is delivered by a protruding barb has been known to be toxic to humans
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference and CC-BY-3.0 text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="20750695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750695" title="Ian Burgham">
Ian Burgham

Ian Burgham, poet, was born in Auckland, New Zealand in 1950. He is the son of Senior Pilot and Flight Commander, Fighter Component, 835 Squadron, Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm, and C.O. of VC 921 Squadron RCNVR, Lt. Cmdr. Allen Russell Burgham, DSC,MiD,CD (RNZVR and RCNVR) and Barbara Jean Wallace. He has lived in Scotland, and currently resides in Canada. He spent his formative years in Kingston, Ontario and graduated in 1973 from Queen's University with a B.A.(Hons)in English Literature. While at Queen's he studied poetry and poetic theory with Professor George Whalley, poet and well-known Coleridge scholar. In 1973, Burgham moved to New Zealand where he taught at Wellington College. In 1975 he moved to Scotland. He attended Edinburgh University, taking an M. Litt. degree in Blake studies. His thesis, written under the supervision of Professor Michael Phillips, focussed on William Blake's theory of imagination and the origins of Blake's poetry and theories.
History.
Burgham, an associate of Canada's The League of Canadian Poets, worked in Edinburgh with the publishing company Canongate Books as a book salesman and an editor. During his two years at Canongate, he assisted Stephanie Wolfe Murray and Charles Wyld in the development of their list of authors which included Iain Crichton Smith, Sorley MacLean, Andrew Greig, Lady Naomi Mitchison, Harry Horse, Robin Jenkins, Alasdair Gray and Alistair Reid.
In 1980 Burgham became Publishing Manager of Macdonald Publishers of Loanhead. He worked with the publisher and literary icon, Calum Macdonald. With Macdonald, Ian Burgham published the work of Robert Garioch, Iain Crichton Smith, Nigel Tranter, Alexander McCall Smith and others, and re-released novels from out-of-print authors such as Eric Linklater and John Buchan.
In 1982 Burgham returned to Canada to pursue a career in general list, business and medical publishing. He co-founded the publishing company Grosvenor House Press and later became a partner in an international healthcare communications, PR and promotion agency. In 2001 he began work as an adjunct assistant professor in the Centre for Studies in Primary Care at Queen's University at Kingston, Canada in development of contracts pertaining to research and medical education. He resigned that position in 2012. For a short time he helped to promote the Griffin Prize for Poetry to international markets. Up until 2012 he worked as a director of the Rowers' Pub Reading Series, one of Ontario's foremost literary venues for readings by recognized writers and poets. The Reading Series has been in operation since 2008 and now makes its home at the Victory Cafe in Toronto.
Burgham has published four poetry collections; "A Confession of Birds", "The Stone Skippers" (Tightrope Books),"The Grammar of Distance"(Tightrope Books), and "The Unquiet" (Quattro Books). His poems continue to appear in literary journals and anthologies. Journals in which his work has appeared include; the "Literary Review of Canada", "Queen's Quarterly", "Precipice", dANDdelion, "Harpweaver", "Prairie Fire", "Jones Avenue", "Contemporary Verse2" (CV2), "The New Quarterly", "Ascent Aspirations", the Dalhousie Review, Northern Poetry Review, the Toronto Quarterly and others.
In 2012 he moved to Quattro Books of Toronto. His first collection under the Quattro Books imprint, FourPoints Editions "The Unquiet" was edited by A.F. Moritz and Allan Briesmaster and was published in November of 2012. 
In the summer of 2012 he read with Scottish poet Douglas DunnOBE, at the Edinburgh Festival and with Todd Swift. A.F Moritz, and Catherine Graham at Canada House in London, England. He continues to collaborate with a number of artists and is currently working with renowned abstract expressionist painter, Uno Hoffmann, San Francisco-based jewellery designer, Jeanine Payer and poet, Catherine Graham.
Two new collections, "Whereabouts and Elswhere: Letters to an Artist" and "Ian Burgham: New and Selected Poems" are forthcoming in 2014.
Plaudits.
In 2004 he won the Queen's University Well-versed Poetry Award. In that same year, with the support of two principals of MacLean Dubois, Charles MacLean and Alexander McCall Smith, a chapbook, "A Confession of Birds", was published in Edinburgh, Scotland. In 2007, Burgham's first full collection, "The Stone Skippers", (with an introduction by Australian poet Roland Leach) was published in the UK by MacLean Dubois, in Australia and New Zealand by SunLine Press and in Canada by Tightrope Books. These collections were followed by "The Grammar of Distance" in 2010 and "The Unquiet" in 2012. "The Stone Skippers" was nominated for the ReLit Award for the best book of poetry published in Canada in 2007. A review written by Christina Decarie appeared in the autumn edition (No. 159, 2009) of The Antigonish Review describing “The Stone Skippers”:
"“This (collection of poems) is hard work, but it is worth it. For always the opening poem, “The Stone Skippers” is with us. Waking up panicked and rushed with no memory and only a sense of time slipping quickly through our fingers is an easy state to fall into, but it is a miserable one. Facing loss and the spaces it leaves us is painful, dreadful, and has its potential for despair. But it also comes with opportunities, connections and surprises. And this emptiness, in its own way, is full, and the loneliness complete. This collection is a coming to terms with loss, and it leaves us with comfort, not fear."“It is a wonderful terrible collection.”
A review, written by poet Kevin Gillam, appeared in Five Bells, Journal of the Poets Union of Australia:
"“‘The Stone Skippers’ by Ian Burgham is a beautifully published hard-back, generously spaced poems on high quality paper. And the work itself in every way continues this attention to detail, employing word and silence in equal measure. Here is a writer capable of great subtlety, fusing the turning point moment of short story, depth and length of novel, ‘in-breath’ of exalted verse. A small ‘I’ captures nature, philosophy, the quiet moment, the fleeting thought, then magnifies and shapes into word. Many poems possess the intimacy of listening in on someone talking to themselves. Use of form, poetic device, economy and choice of language, blurring of fancy and fiction – all are employed with intelligence and readerly insight.”"
And again
"“‘The Stone Skippers’ is a powerful, evocative, ‘real’ reading experience, quotes and de-construction somehow not doing it justice. Burgham demonstrates the dancing quality and length of well crafted poetry, like the skipping stone, well chosen and flung at
the precise moment. "The poems are to be savoured, lingered over, allowed to resonate and be remembered.” ""
A second critically acclaimed collection of poems, "The Grammar of Distance", edited by poet Catherine Graham, with a Foreword by Jeanette Lynes, was published in 2010 by Tightrope Books, Canada and MacLean Dubois, Scotland. 
Bibliography.
"A Confession of Birds", Chapbook, MacLean Dubois, 2003/4
"The Stone Skippers" publisher, Tightrope Books 2007 isbn=978-0-97386-45-8-8
"The Grammar of Distance", Tightrope Books 2010 isbn=978-1-926639-09-3
" The Unquiet" Fourpoints Editions, Quattro Books,2012 isbn=978-1-927443-24-8

</doc>
<doc id="20750697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750697" title="Leonard Ho">
Leonard Ho

Leonard Ho (1925 – 17 February 1997) was a Chinese movie producer. He formed Golden Harvest in 1970, with Raymond Chow, after leaving Shaw Brothers. The first movie he produced was "A Man Called Tiger" from 1973. In 1989, he was nominated for a Hong Kong Film Award for best picture for the movie "Painted Faces", which was released in 1988. Later productions credits include "Armour of God" and "Rumble in the Bronx".

</doc>
<doc id="20750703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750703" title="Send Her My Love">
Send Her My Love

"Send Her My Love" is a 1983 song by the American rock band Journey. Released in September of that year as the fourth single from their album "Frontiers", this Cain/Perry-penned ballad went to number 23 on the U.S. pop charts later that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20750713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750713" title="Waboba">
Waboba

Waboba () is short for "water bouncing ball", deriving the two first letters in each word into what is both the company as well as the product name. Waboba is also the name of the ballgame that is played in knee- to waist high water, using the Waboba ball. The ball composition is different types of Polyurethane, covered in Lycra, allowing it to bounce and float. The ball is about the same density as water and floats when at rest, but bounces high when thrown. The ball is made to endure some rough handling, but not for bouncing on the ground or against walls. Its build-up gives the ball the same characteristics in water as a rubber ball carries on land. The 2008 edition "extreme ball" has a size of 55 mm and weight of 82 grams. There are other variations of the ball which are larger ("Professional Ball") and lighter ("Blast ball"). The name Waboba is a registered trade mark and the ball is internationally patented.
History.
The idea of the ball originates from the early 1980s when inventor, Swede Jan von Heland, was throwing a Frisbee upside down on the water, trying to get it to bounce. He thought it would be good to have something that used the water to bounce off and began to experiment. From coming up with the idea, he began prolonged experimentation with materials and composition, and eventually patented what has become the Waboba Ball. The ball took several years to perfect, but it is now being sold around the world after first taking off on the beaches of Sweden and Australia.
Geographical spread.
The Waboba was first introduced in Sweden where it was sold for a two years before it was introduced to new markets in Europe in the summer of 2007 as well as the United States (2008), Canada (2008), South Africa (2008) and Australia (2007). During the fall of 2008 and spring 2009, the ball was introduced in Brazil, China, Singapore, Kuwait and Dubai. Introduction in Europe covered in 2008 Germany, UK, Portugal, Scandinavia and continued in 2009 with France, Spain, Cyprus and several Eastern Europe countries. The Waboba ball had in summer 2013 been introduced in all European countries.
The game.
The idea of the game is to pass between team members, minimum two players in each team, without losing the ball to the other team. When all team members have caught the ball at least once, without interruption and with at least one bounce on water in each pass, the team gets one point (one round). The opposing team shall try to interrupt passes and start passing within their team. The first team to win three rounds wins the match. Participants have to pass the ball within 5 seconds after receiving it. It is allowed to tackle opponents, but not the player that has the ball, and participants are further not allowed to hold an opponent. 
Otherwise, as a less serious and more playful option, it can be played between 4+ people, separated into two teams. With four people, 2 would be on one side and 2 on the other, each side having one person from one team and the other person from the other team. Each side gets turns to throw the ball to their team member on the other side. If the member catches the ball, they win 5 points. If they miss, they lose 3 points. At the beginning of the game, a limit can be set (usually a limit of 100 points) and the first team to reach it wins. The distance between the sides can be adjusted, but is normally started at 2 meters apart and expanding as the game goes on.
Pro Waboba
Described as a cross between ultimate frisbee and water polo, the game is played with Waboba’s Pro ball. Teams are 4v4. The object of the game is to bounce the Waboba Pro ball on the water in order to pass to team members and score points by bouncing the ball into a goal.
Product development.
The ball has been modified for every generation, increasing its bouncing and floating capabilities. The first ball was bright yellow and clearly less "bouncy" than the gray/orange extreme version that was introduced 2008. The Pro version originates from the extreme version, but is larger and heavier. The Pro is more demanding as it is heavier, but it is also more accurate in bounces, which makes it perfect for game play. The "Blast" ball, which is designed for families and pool play, is made of gel and gel foam which makes it more lightweight and thus more of a toy in comparison with the sport versions extreme and pro. Waboba launched the "surf" ball 2011. The "surf" has the same feel as the first ball made but has a new special soft gel that makes it easier to catch and easier to bounce than the sport balls. As it stays lower on surface it is also good for match games in larger pools. Waboba has in 2009 and 2010 released several gloves, a designed microfiber towel and other accessories.

</doc>
<doc id="20750714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750714" title="Justin Grant">
Justin Grant

Justin Grant (born April 20, 1972 in Salt Lake City, UT) is an American photographer who specializes in commercial, glamour, fashion, lifestyle, fitness and nude photography.
Grant left software engineering to be a professional digital photographer in 2003. With no formal training, he was prepared to be a "starving artist". Josh Root wrote: "Through boundless energy and a ton of hard work, Justin has succeeded on a scale that would make many photographers jealous."
Grant's work has been published in "Maxim". He has shot UFC champions Mike Swick and former UFC ring girl Rachelle Leah.
Grant has been an official Judge and sponsor to the Miss Utah USA pageant in 2008 and to the Miss Latina US pageant in both 2005 and 2006. He shot the hair collection "Swept Away" for "Shear Genius" star Tyson Daniel and the work was featured on "Behindthechair.com" in 2008. His work with Jake Thompson, was nominated for the Avant Garde category for the North American Hairstyling Awards in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20750716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750716" title="Nvidia Ion">
Nvidia Ion

Nvidia Ion is a product line of Nvidia corporation intended for motherboards of low-cost portable computers. It uses graphics processing units and chipsets intended for small products.
Description.
Nvidia Ion products include a GeForce 9M (9xxxM) series MCP79MX (with integrated GeForce 9400M G GPU) chipset, DDR3-1066 or DDR2-800 SDRAM, and the Intel Atom processor. The original reference platform was based on a Pico-ITXe motherboard designed for netbook and nettop devices. 
In February 2009, Microsoft certified the Ion-based platform for Windows Vista. The small form factor Ion-based computers were released in mid-2009. 
Ion systems were DirectX 10.0 and OpenGL 3.3 capable. This allowed playback of full 1080p high-definition video with true-fidelity 7.1 surround sound audio output with VDPAU or the Third Generation PureVideo HD feature. Ion systems can also use CUDA (Nvidia's General-Purpose Computing on Graphics Processing Units technology), as well as OpenCL. ION-LE–based systems shared the same basic hardware as ION but lacked Vista and DirectX 10 support.
It was originally believed to be unlikely that Ion systems would ever enter into mass production and were thus unlikely to pose competition to Intel's own chipsets for the Atom platform, due to Intel's unwillingness to supply Atom processors separate from the 945GSE and 945GC chipsets with which the CPUs are usually supplied. While manufacturers could still buy an Atom-plus-chipset package and remove the CPU for use on an Ion board, it hardly seems likely given the costs involved, especially given the low-cost leanings of the nettop and netbook market. However, Intel later denied those claims, and a spokesperson for Intel said Intel sells Atom as a stand-alone processor.
Nvidia announced that it would release the Ion platform for the VIA Nano processor some time in Q4 2009.
For full-sized laptops, the Ion platform promised 5x faster graphics and video transcoding with an 80% lower CPU cost when compared to the Intel GM45 graphics. For netbooks and nettops 10x faster graphics and video transcoding when compared to the Intel 945GSE graphics. For all-in-ones, the Ion platform is capable of displaying resolutions up to 2560 × 1600.
Acer announced the release of their Aspire Revo which is the first model available for retail purchase to be built on the Ion platform.
Zotac International launched four Nvidia Ion-based motherboards in Mini-ITX form factor. An Ion system based on their IONITX A-U dual-core Atom 330 motherboard draws 30 watts total from the AC line cord, including hard disk and DVD drives, while playing and upscaling a DVD.
Specifications.
Ion 2 (next-generation Nvidia Ion).
The ION chip in 10-inch netbooks with Pinetrail Atoms offers only eight shader cores and a clock rate of 405 MHz. According to Nvidia, the performance should still be similar to the first generation of ION. The power consumption of 6 watts is rather low, and therefore fully suited for small netbooks.
The 12" version features all 16 cores of the GT218 chip and is clocked at 475 MHz, with a power consumption of 12 watts. The performance should be above the old ION platform.
The desktop version is clocked even higher at 535 MHz as no power restrictions have to be met, since the desktop versions don't communicate through a PCI-Express x1 bus, as the netbook versions do, thus not being restricted to x1 bandwidth.
Existing products.
This list is non-exhaustive.

</doc>
<doc id="20750721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750721" title="B. Scott">
B. Scott

Brandon Scott Sessoms, best known as B. Scott (born March 21, 1981 in Franklin, Virginia) is an American television personality, radio show host and internet celebrity who is known for his YouTube videoblogs and website LoveBScott.com. He is also a contributing editor to The Glam Network, and an "Ebony Magazine" advice columnist.
Scott, who is openly gay and transgender, has become a popular internet personality through his video blogging and his website, LoveBScott.com. Scott's internet presence has contributed to his ability to interview celebrities such as Mariah Carey, Ne-Yo, Chaka Khan, Aubrey O'Day and Ashanti. Following his Internet-based success, has appeared in mainstream media, making appearances on "The Tyra Banks Show", and shows on Oxygen and BET.
Early life.
Scott was born in Franklin, Virginia, and was raised in Hertford County, North Carolina, by parents of African-American, Irish, Jewish and Meherrin ancestry. As a teenager Scott was selected to attend the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics (NCSSM), a two-year public residential high school for students with a strong aptitude and interest in mathematics and science, located in Durham, North Carolina. After graduating from NCSSM in 1999, he attended University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, came out as gay and transgender in his sophomore year. He said in a video blog that he had feelings and was questioning (sexuality and gender)} previously but when he was a sophomore pre-med, he got his first romantic kiss from a man and realized he was gay, and that he was using the intense pre-med education to distract himself from his sexuality. He stopped efforts to become a physician from the realization that it was a self-invented distraction. Scott graduated in 2002 with a B.A. in Psychology. Scott moved to Washington, DC where he briefly practiced as a licensed realtor in the Capitol Hill area.
In June 2005, Scott moved to Los Angeles, California where he continued his work in real estate and as an interior designer. It was during this time that he began his interest in the entertainment industry, while briefly working in print ads as a fashion model.
Video blogging and LoveBScott.com.
On January 1, 2007, Scott launched LoveBScott.com which primarily focuses on five pillars in pop culture: celebrity news, fashion, music, nightlife, and miscellaneous entertainment. The intent is to approach entertainment and celebrity news with a positive spin. The name lovebscott.com was selected in an effort to give his website a readily-identifiable personality with the mission of conveying a positive outlook. In May 2007, B. Scott started incorporating YouTube videos into his website to personally connect with readers. The videos include personal observations, celebrity news, musical performances, political commentary, interviews and messages of encouragement to the audience. The videos are produced out of his Los Angeles residence. His YouTube channel has over 90,000 subscribers, and has won numerous awards for viewership and subscriptions. Scott has won the Best Video Blog by The Black Weblog Awards in 2007 and 2008. In January 2008 Scott became a YouTube company partner.
In 2009, he created "The B. Scott Show", a talk/variety-style internet show that ran concurrent to the original videoblog. Interview subjects included celebrities and important figures in the LGBT community. Interviews are conducted in Scott's home and broadcast on both the YouTube channel and the website. Celebrities interviewed have included Ne-Yo, Ashanti, Eva Marcille, LeToya Luckett of Destiny's Child, Mariah Carey, Jordin Sparks, and Chilli (of TLC). Scott’s YouTube channel has led to recognition from numerous celebrities. Popular blogger Perez Hilton in 2007 named Scott his “Favorite New YouTuber”. In addition, on June 19, 2009, Academy Award winner Jamie Foxx declared on his Sirius Satellite Radio channel “The Foxxhole”, “I love B. Scott. He’s very attractive. He looks like a cross between Prince, Rosario Dawson and Lenny Kravitz.” This unsolicited acclaim helped open B. Scott to a new level of recognition.
Radio.
In April 2010, he premiered "The B. Scott Show" on Jamie Foxx's channel, The Foxxhole, on Sirius XM Satellite Radio. The premiere guest was former Destiny's Child member, Michelle Williams. It was announced via Twitter that Scott would be discontinuing his radio show for personal reasons.
Television.
In 2010, Scott appeared on The Tyra Banks Show as part of the "Ambush Stranger Makeovers segment" and Oxygen (TV channel)'s Hair Battle Spectacular as a guest judge. Prior to these appearances, Scott was a featured contributor to Extra. Scott was also featured in "Too Hot to Handle," a 2013 season 2 episode of Chef Roblé & Co. on Bravo.
"2013 BET Awards: 106 & Park Pre-Show" controversy.
In 2013 Scott served as a red carpet correspondent for "Style Stage" at the "2013 BET Awards: 106 & Park Pre-Show". They were aired live at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles on June 30. Prior to the awards show itself Black Entertainment Television (BET) aired the a pre-show with Scott as the sole style correspondent. He was to have at least 12 one-on-one interview segments scheduled but only completed the first one, and was pulled from the stage in the middle of the second. Scott, who regularly shares personal and public experiences with his fans, went public with allegations that after the first segment of the show he was pulled backstage and forced "to pull my hair back, asked me to take off my makeup, made me changed my clothes and prevented me from wearing a heel." The outfit had been pre-approved, but he was told it was unacceptable, Scott acquiesced changing into men's clothes but was never put back on air, instead being replaced by singer Adrienne Bailon. BET issued a statement that it was a matter of miscommunication and they regret any offense. Scott dubbed the BET statement as a non-apology.
In August Scott sued BET and parent company Viacom for discrimination on the basis of gender identity, gender expression, and sexual orientation. He is seeking $2.5 million in damages. In January 2014, "TMZ" acquired and release internal emails showing BET executives had corresponded with each other before the show that they did not want him looking like a woman. Network Vice President Rhonda Cowen wrote back that she would "speak to him about being less 'womanly.'" After the show another BET executive, Monica Ware, wrote, "Unless we can make public the reason we didn't want him dressed the way he normally does, I would stay away from suits, suit selections, etc." "Huffington Post" also received copies of the emails and confirms "TMZ"'s reporting.
Other appearances.
Since March 2007, Scott has been hired as a celebrity talent; contributing to several publications and hosting events.
On June 7, 2007, he hosted the "White Party" at the Hollywood Black Film Festival in Los Angeles. He also hosted this event in Summer 2008.
On April 4, 2008, Scott kicked off gay Pride month at Yale University.
On October 19, 2008, Scott lead a team for the AIDS Walk Los Angeles and hosted the official AIDS Walk Los Angeles afterparty at Eleven Restaurant & Nightclub in West Hollywood. CA.
On February 28, 2009, Scott attended the 14th Annual Black Solidarity Conference at Yale University as a featured panelists on the “Disrobed: An Exposé of Black Sexuality” panel.
In early 2010, following his interview with Mariah Carey, Scott appeared in her video for "Up Out My Face" featuring Nicki Minaj.
In March 2010, Scott was the featured panelist for the first "Out in the Spotlight" panel discussion at Morehouse College. This appearance, hosted by Morehouse's Safe Space LGBT Organization, was the college's first step at creating a bridge to the LGBT community.

</doc>
<doc id="20750728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750728" title="Macrogastra borealis">
Macrogastra borealis

Macrogastra borealis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
Distribution.
The native distribution of this species is Baltic and Carpathian.
It occurs in the following countries:

</doc>
<doc id="20750731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750731" title="United States presidential election in Georgia, 2008">
United States presidential election in Georgia, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 15 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Georgia was won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 5.2% margin of victory. Prior to the election, 15 of 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a red state. It is situated in the Deep South, entrenched in the Bible Belt, and is normally a much more reliable Republican stronghold. The Peach State has not voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since Bill Clinton won the state in 1992. Continuing on that trend, Republican John McCain was able to keep Georgia in the GOP column in 2008 despite the large African American turnout that kept the margin of victory within single digits. With its 15 electoral votes, Georgia was the second-largest prize for McCain in 2008 (only behind Texas).
Campaign.
An ambitious Barack Obama targeted Georgia as potential state he could flip from red to blue, albeit as a relatively long-shot target. Democrats hoped libertarian candidate Bob Barr - whose home state was Georgia - might take away votes for John McCain and play the role of a spoiler. In the early months, Obama bought ads and even appeared in person to campaign in the state.
However, polling consistently showed McCain with a double-digit lead. Over the summer, Obama's campaign stumbled, and the Illinois senator even fell behind McCain for a short while in September. In light of these difficulties, the Democratic campaign started shifting resources to North Carolina, which they regarded as more competitive. Obama stopped advertising in the state and moved away staff, although he retained a large volunteer force. As the campaign neared the end, Obama jumped to a national lead, helped by the September financial crisis, but remained behind in Georgia polling.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won almost every pre-election poll. The final 3 poll average gave the Republican the lead with 50% to 47%.
Fundraising.
McCain raised $4,835,902. Obama raised $8,568,716.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent over $4,105,888. McCain and his interest groups spent just $49,507. Both McCain and Obama visited Atlanta once.
Analysis.
In terms of the margin, McCain won a quite narrow victory, capturing 52.23% of the popular vote to Democrat Barack Obama's 47.02% popular vote. This margin was significantly lower than that in 2004 when George W. Bush carried this state by a 17% margin, winning 58% of the popular vote to John Kerry's 41%. Obama won huge victories in the two most populous counties, DeKalb County and Fulton County which contains the state capital and largest city of Atlanta, which contributed to his popular vote percentage. He also made significant inroads in Atlanta's normally heavily Republican suburbs. For instance, Obama lost Cobb County by nine points compared to Kerry's 35-point loss. Obama lost Gwinnett County by 11 points compared to a 33-point loss for Kerry. Aside from native son Jimmy Carter winning both counties in 1976 (a year in which he swept every county in the state), neither county has gone Democratic since 1960. However, McCain piled up the votes in the more rural northern and southeastern parts of the state (well over 70 percent in some cases) which gave him the edge and ultimate win. These two areas were among the first regions of Georgia to turn Republican; the old-line Southern Democrats in these areas began splitting their tickets as early as the 1950s, and some areas of north Georgia are among the few ancestrally Republican areas of the South.
The large African American turnout was widely attributed to the narrow margin by which McCain carried the state. However, Obama was unable to improve his percentage amongst white voters. According to exit polls, 77% of white voters supported the Republican candidate - the same as in 2004. This effectively eliminated Obama's chances of winning the state.
Of the several independent and third-party candidates who ran for president in 2008, two of them were from Georgia (those being former Republican Representative Bob Barr (L) (who placed third overall in the popular vote in Georgia) and former Democratic Representative Cynthia McKinney (G)).
During the same election, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Saxby Chambliss was held below 50% of the popular vote in a contentious U.S. Senate race against Democrat Jim Martin and Libertarian Allen Buckley. Abiding by Georgia law, this led to a runoff election in December between Chambliss and Martin. Chambliss brought in 2008 vice presidential nominee Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska to campaign for him and rally the base of the GOP. Former President Bill Clinton campaigned on behalf of Martin. Turnout was lower than in the general election and African Americans didn't turn out as largely as they did in November for Obama, all factors that led up to Chambliss's victory. The incumbent was reelected with 57.44% of the vote while Martin received 42.56%.
During the 2008 U.S. house elections, incumbent Democratic Representatives Jim Marshall (GA-8) and John Barrow (GA-12), each of whom was narrowly re-elected by one percentage point or less in 2006 despite the pro-Democratic political environment that year, were both re-elected by unexpectedly wide margins despite efforts by Republicans to win both of the districts.
At the state level, during the same election, Republicans picked up four seats in the Georgia House of Representatives.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain carried eight congressional districts in Georgia, including all seven held by Republicans and one district held by a Democrat.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Georgia cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Georgia is allocated 15 electors because it has 13 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 15 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 15 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 15 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20750746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750746" title="Macrogastra badia">
Macrogastra badia

Macrogastra badia is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Czech Republic - in Bohemia only.

</doc>
<doc id="20750751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750751" title="James E. Thompson">
James E. Thompson

James E. "Jim" Thompson, GBS (born January 14, 1940) is the founder, chairman and chief executive of The Crown Worldwide Group. 
Early life and education.
Thompson was born in Jersey City, New Jersey and raised in Bayonne. His father was in the United States Navy and Thompson visited and lived in many places during his childhood, including Guam. He eventually made his way to California and attended San Jose State University. While studying at San Jose State University, Thompson was a brother of Alpha Tau Omega (Epsilon Chi Chapter). After graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree in aeronautical engineering, Thompson formed what is now known as The Crown Worldwide Group. 
Career.
Thompson established Crown's first operation in 1965. Thompson was living in Japan at the time and recognized the need for an international moving service. With only US$1,000 in his bank account, he established Transport Services International in Yokohama. In 1970, the company expanded into Hong Kong and thereafter into other Asia Pacific locations. In 1975, Transport Services International became Crown Pacific, and by the early 1980s was established as the leading moving company in Asia. In later years, offices were established across America, Australasia and Europe, and the company was renamed Crown Worldwide Group. Thompson is widely known for his very modest personal demeanor and tends to downplay his extensive charitable activities. He is also seen as the "Leader of the American Community" in Hong Kong not for his wealth and accomplishment but for his modesty and down-to-earth manner. Quite surprisingly for an individual of his business accomplishments he is only spoken of with respect within the community. People often point to Thompson as an example that "nice guys can finish first". 
Thompson was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star, which is presented to eminent persons in Hong Kong who have given distinguished service to the community or who have rendered public or voluntary service of a very high degree of merit.
Organizations and charity work.
Following the opening of Crown’s facility in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, Thompson and his wife Sally traveled to the region, where it was brought to their attention that the village of Proa Chum needed a school. Thompson contacted the Cambodian government and agreed to provide the funds for a school, requesting that it be named in his mother's honor. Early in 2008, Thompson announced the official opening of the Hun Sen Proa Chum Primary School in Phnom Penh.
Thompson is a member of the International Advisory Board of the San Jose State University Business School and serves as the chairman of HKTDC (Hong Kong Trade Development Council) Logistics Services Advisory Committee (where he also served as a council member from 2002 to 2004). He also served as a board member of Ocean Park Corporation for six years, a nature-themed amusement park with a mission to assist in the understanding and practice of wildlife conservation. Although Thompson retired from this post in June 2009, Crown continues to support Ocean Park through a variety of charitable activities and services.
Thompson is also a non-executive director of the board of The Wharf (Holdings), a member of the Investment Promotion Ambassador Scheme, as well as the Hong Kong Trade and Industry Advisory Board (TIAB) and the ICAC (Independent Commission Against Corruption) Advisory Committee on Corruption. He also served two terms as chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce, Hong Kong from 2002-2003.
Additionally, Thompson serves as a member of the Hong Kong Forum and Vision 2047 which are organizations that actively discuss Hong Kong issues with visiting politicians, journalists and academics. He is also a member of the board of the Hong Kong-America Centre and has been a delegate representing Hong Kong on numerous Hong Kong Trade Development Council trade missions around the world. 
Thompson is a member of the Executive Committee of the Society for the Promotion of Hospice Care, is an advisory board member of The Salvation Army and a trustee of Outward Bound Hong Kong. He currently chairs the annual Hike for Hospice charity event.
Thompson and his wife, Sally, are also very active in the Changing Young Lives Foundation and have chaired and organized several fund raising events. Formerly known as Save the Children Hong Kong, Changing Young Lives is a long-established charity organization based in Hong Kong, with a focus on helping children.
Personal life.
Thompson is a U.S. citizen and a permanent resident of Hong Kong, having lived there since 1978 with his wife Sally, who is a British national. Thompson's daughter Jennifer serves as Crown's director of corporate responsibility. She lives in New York City with her husband and three children. Thompson's son James Jr. serves as Crown's regional director of Northern China. He lives in Beijing, China with his wife and young daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20750753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750753" title="Ubay (name)">
Ubay (name)

Obai (Arabic: أبي) is an Arabic given name, most commonly transliterated as "Ubai". also It is also sometimes transliterated as "Obai", "Ubay", "Ubai", "Obay", "Ubayy", & "Obayy" The word is derived from the tri-consonant Arabic word for "refuse" and could possibly mean The one who is refusing the humiliation
The most well-known historical figure to be named Ubai was Ubay ibn Ka'b a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and a person of high esteem in the early Muslim community

</doc>
<doc id="20750767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750767" title="Blažo Perutović">
Blažo Perutović

Blažo Perutović (Cyrillic: Блажо Перутовић, born 8 December 1983) is a Montenegrin football striker, who plays for FK Lovćen in Montenegrin First League.
He played with FK Sutjeska Nikšić, OFK Beograd, FK Mogren Budva, FK Budućnost Podgorica, NK Domžale, OFK Petrovac and FK Lovćen Cetinje.

</doc>
<doc id="20750771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750771" title="Macrogastra tumida">
Macrogastra tumida

Macrogastra tumida is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Czech Republic, Ukraine and other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20750823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750823" title="Midland Railway 2501 and 2511 Class locomotives">
Midland Railway 2501 and 2511 Class locomotives

The Midland Railway 2501 and 2511 Class were two classes of American-built 2-6-0 steam locomotives. The Midland's own Derby Works had reached their capacity, and were unable to produce additional engines at the time, and many British locomotive builders were recovering from an 1897-1898 strike over the eight-hour working day, and thus had large backlogs of unfulfilled orders, so the Midland Railway turned to American builders. Thirty 2501 class locomotives were built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1899, followed by ten 2511 class engines built by the Schenectady Locomotive Works later that same year. Both classes were built in the United States as kits, shipped to Derby, and assembled. 
Appearance.
For the 2501 class engines, little or no consideration was given to British practice, so they were distinctly American in appearance, and their tenders were typical of American practice, featuring two bogies of two axles each, rather than the rigid, three axle tender design more commonly used in Britain. However, when the 2511's were acquired, more consideration was given, as they had tenders of the latter design and their appearance, while still American, had much cleaner lines.
Numbering.
The 2501 class engines were numbered 2501–2510, 2521–2540, and the 2511's numbered 2511–2520. In 1907, the Midland Railway had renumbered its engines, and as such the 2501 and 2511 classes were numbered 2200–2229, and 2230–2239, respectively.
Withdrawal.
Being non-standard, both classes were quickly withdrawn and all were scrapped before the formation of the LMS in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20750833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750833" title="Karlie Simon">
Karlie Simon

Karlie Simon (born August 22, 1987 in England) is a pornographic actress. She won the award for Best New Starlet at the 2007 UK Adult Film and Television Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20750844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750844" title="Remembering Patsy Cline &amp; Jim Reeves">
Remembering Patsy Cline &amp; Jim Reeves

Remembering Patsy Cline & Jim Reeves is a tribute album released in 1982 remembering the music of country stars Patsy Cline and Jim Reeves who were both killed in plane crashes in the early 1960s. It was released by MCA Records.
Background.
The album contains popular hit singles by both artists on each side of the album. However the first Jim Reeves track, "I Fall to Pieces" was overdubbed with Patsy Cline's version to form a duet. This was possible only because in Nashville's early 60's music scene when both hits were recorded, both Chet Atkins at RCA and Owen Bradley at Decca had access to then-brand-new 3-track mastering recorders. In this format, the orchestra was recorded on one, the backup singers on two, and the lead vocal on three, all intended for mixdown to mono in the end.
In 1979, Owen simply played the original 3-track tape and recorded Patsy's isolated vocal onto a 24-track tape, and Chet Atkins did the same for Jim Reeves on another 24-track tape. As the two performances were recorded a semitone apart in key, subsequently, at Columbia Studios, Nashville, producers matched the keys for the two vocals, edited it all down and recorded the final onto still another 24-track tape onto which they added new orchestration, new backing tracks and remixed for stereo. Another album Greatest Hits, Patsy Cline and Jim Reeves RCA used the same format, in reverse. 
As the original Decca label with which Cline had been affiliated had since been merged with MCA, six Patsy Cline songs and five Jim Reeves songs are featured on that album, plus the duet, and as Jim Reeves had been affiliated with RCA, we have the reverse condition of six Jim hits and five Patsy hits on that album plus another duet "Have You Ever Been Lonely?" produced during the same sessions as the duet for"I Fall to Pieces".
The songs were both released as a single from the albums in question and charted at #54 and #11 respectively in 1982. Each was the only song overdubbed on its respective album. 
The tracks recorded by Cline (including the duet) were produced by Decca/MCA's Owen Bradley, Cline's original record producer. Reeves' recordings were produced by RCA's Chet Atkins on the first side of the record and the recordings from the other side of the record were produced by Bob Ferguson. The album was digitally remastered on a CD in 1988.
In 1997 the album was certified Gold by the RIAA for a shipment of over 500,000 copies in the United States.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Chart positions.
Album – Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20750885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750885" title="Bhavani IPS">
Bhavani IPS

Bhavani IPS is a 2011 bilingual, Tamil- and Telugu-language action film starring Sneha in the titular role as the police officer. The film also has Kota Srinivasa Rao, Sampath and Manoj K. Jayan. Among others in cast are Ilavarasu, Manobala, Rajkapur and Vivek. It is the remake of "Vyjayanthi IPS" played by "Vijayashanti". It was released in Tamil on 11 March 2011.
Plot.
Bhavani (Sneha), an honest police officer in Hyderabad, is posted as Assistant Commissioner of police in Tirunelveli upon the request of Tamil Nadu government. The town is controlled by Sivalingam (Kota Srinivasa Rao), a rich and influential baddie and an aspiring politician. He indulges in all unlawful activities.
Bhavani resolves to put an end to all his acts. Meanwhile there is one Surya (Sampath Raj), who voices against Sivalingam. As it happens, Sivalingam's son Ranjith (Aryan) plays spoilsport in the life of Bhavani's sister, Deepa (Yasmin Khan). Efforts to prove him guilty by Bhavani end in vain.
Now a conspiracy is hatched by Bhavani in the company of Suriya and Ranjith is killed. An enraged Sivalingam takes Bhavani head-on. Sivalingam vows vengeance and what happens from there forms the rest of the story.
Development.
Sneha plays the tough police officer in this movie. Sneha will have a look to suit the character. She learned stunts to do stunt scenes in the film and has done bike-racing chasing scenes. She did her stunt scenes on her own for this movie and got hurt too many times. The shooting started in Tirunelveli and the filming was canned for 25 days continuously and second schedule took place in Chennai and third in Hyderabad. The film was shot within a short span of 65 days.
Release and reception.
"Bhavani IPS" was released on 11 March 2011 after a week from the scheduled release date of 4 March 2011 due to financial problems. The movie opened to mixed reviews of critic praising Sneha, for her performance as "It is a Sneha's show all through. The actress is at her best donning the khaakhi. She is agile, fit and active. Especially in stunt sequences, she is at ease." The movie was released with 160 prints in Tamil Nadu and in 12 screens in Mumbai, highest for a non-hero movie. On the opening week-end, the movie collected average returns at the box-office.
As the movie got a good response from the audience, the director has planned for a sequel with a fresh script. Sneha, who is overwhelmed with the response, adds, "It was because of my director I accepted Bhavani since I was initially apprehensive to go for an image makeover. For the sequel, I would take time off and prepare myself before actually getting into action.”

</doc>
<doc id="20750915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750915" title="Carmel Moore">
Carmel Moore

Carmel Moore (born 19 June 1985) is a British former pornographic actress.
Moore is of English and Iranian origin, and she started glamour modelling at age 18, before breaking into the U.S. porn business in California. She was named "Best Female Actress" at the 2007 UK Adult Film and Television Awards for her role in the film "Hug a Hoodie". Also in 2007, she had a small role in the mockumentary "Finishing the Game".

</doc>
<doc id="20750916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750916" title="Fulton, Tennessee">
Fulton, Tennessee

Fulton is a rural unincorporated community in Lauderdale County, Tennessee. Founded in 1827, Fulton is the oldest settlement in Lauderdale County.
History.
Fulton was founded in 1827 on of land owned by James Trimble. In the following two years, the population rose to 600. Around 1830, after a deadly fever struck the community and killed 200, the remainder of the population moved away; no inhabitants remained by 1832. It was re-surveyed and re-founded in 1835.
Economy.
After the abolition of slavery, sharecropping was the primary means of income for low income families in the area. Mostly for the cultivation of cotton, land would be used by sharecroppers in return for a share of the crop to the landowner. Modern machines such as the cotton picker have made the manual cultivation obsolete over time as they took over the work from manual laborers.
As of 2008, there were no industries in Fulton.
Geography.
Fulton is at coordinates . The settlement is located on the banks of the Mississippi River, north of the mouth of the Hatchie River. Fulton is situated on the southeastern edge of the New Madrid Seismic Zone, an area with a high earthquake risk.

</doc>
<doc id="20750932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750932" title="Ammonium iron(III) sulfate">
Ammonium iron(III) sulfate

Ammonium iron(III) sulfate, NH4Fe(SO4)2·12 H2O, also known as ferric ammonium sulfate (FAS) or iron alum, is a double salt in the class of alums, which consists of compounds with the general formula AB(SO4)2 · 12 H2O. It has the appearance of weakly violet, octahedrical crystals. There has been some discussion regarding the origin of the crystals' colour, with some ascribing it to impurities in the compound, and others claiming it to be a property of the crystal itself.
FAS is paramagnetic, acidic and toxic towards microorganisms. It is a weak oxidizing agent, capable of being reduced to Mohr's salt, ferrous ammonium sulfate.
Preparation.
FAS can be prepared by crystallization from a solution of ferric sulfate and ammonium sulfate. Iron(II) in ferrous sulfate is oxidized to Iron(III) in ferric sulfate by addition of sulfuric and nitric acid. Upon addition of ammonium sulfate to the solution and damping in of the solution, ferric ammonium sulfate crystals will precipitate.
Oxidation: 6 FeSO4 + 2 HNO3 + 3 H2SO4 = 3 Fe2(SO4)3 + 2 NO + 4 H2O
Synthesis: Fe2(SO4)3 + (NH4)2SO4 = 2 NH4Fe(SO4)2
Procedure:
The nitric and sulfuric acid is reacted with the ferrous sulfate to make ferric sulfate, nitric oxide, and water. The ferric sulfate is mixed with ammonium sulfate and crystallized to get ammonium iron(III) sulfate. The solution is normally tested to ensure that no more iron(II) is left.
Uses.
Areas of use for FAS include waste water treatment, tanning, production of dyestuffs, and as an etching agent in the production of electronic components. It has been used in a wide area of applications, including adiabatic refrigeration equipment, biochemical analysis and organic synthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="20750933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750933" title="SAN Ecuador">
SAN Ecuador

SAN Ecuador (Servicios Aéreos Nacionales) is a now defunct airline which was based in Guayaquil, Ecuador. It was the domestic branch of also defunct SAETA. Founded in 1964, it flew a fleet of DC-3, Vickers Viscount, Caravelle and later two Boeing 727-100 and one Boeing 727-200. SAN ceased operations in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20750978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750978" title="The Hills (season 1)">
The Hills (season 1)

The first season of "The Hills", an American reality television series, consists of 10 episodes and was broadcast on MTV. It aired from May 31, 2006, until August 2, 2006. The season was filmed primarily in Los Angeles, California, with additional footage in New York City. The executive producer was Liz Gateley.
"The Hills" focuses on the lives of Lauren Conrad, Audrina Patridge, Whitney Port, and Heidi Montag. During the season, Conrad moves from Laguna Beach to Los Angeles. Accompanied by her best friend and housemate Montag, the pair attend the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising, though the latter left the college after receiving employment from Bolthouse Productions. Conrad befriends Port through an internship with "Teen Vogue", while Montag develops a companionship with Patridge after learning that she lives in their apartment building.
Synopsis.
Lauren's road to independence was documented shortly after leaving "" and moving to Los Angeles with her then best friend, Heidi Montag. During her time in LA, Lauren spent her days balancing school at FIDM and working at "Teen Vogue". Audrina Patridge became the girls' first close friend in LA, and always seemed to offer much advice to Heidi. After a hard day of work, Lauren received a shocking phone call from Jason Wahler. After much consideration, Lauren decided to give Jason a second chance. Meanwhile, Heidi confessed that school was not for her; she unofficially withdrew and began working for an event-planning firm, Bolthouse Productions. Heidi was also seen dating Jordan Eubanks, a relationship that grew strong but eventually ended due to his bad temper. Audrina struggled to find love but briefly dated Jason and Jordan's friend Brian Drolet. In the season finale, Lauren was offered a summer internship in Paris that she ultimately turned down so that she could spend the summer with Jason. Fellow intern, Whitney Port, was offered an internship in New York, but when the one in Paris opened up, Whitney immediately took the offer. Heidi confided to Audrina that she was completely over Jordan, and the two began spending their summer nights as single socialites.
Cast.
The main cast receives star billing in the opening credits, and are credited by their first name.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20750999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20750999" title="The Night">
The Night

The Night may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20751010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751010" title="Clausilia bidentata">
Clausilia bidentata

Clausilia bidentata, the 'Two Toothed Door Snail' is a species of door snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the genus "Clausilia" belonging to the familyClausiliidae, all of which have a clausilium.
__TOC__
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in most of European countries, including:
Description.
It is a small cylindrical snail, long and thin. The shell size reaches of length. It is dark brown with evident spiral ribs, slight longitudinal grooves and a horny operculum. 
Habitat.
This species is commonly found under bark of trees or in crevices of rocks. 
These snails can mainly be encountered by night with wet weather, when they usually climb up the trees and feed on lichens.

</doc>
<doc id="20751017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751017" title="All of My Heart">
All of My Heart

"All of My Heart" is a song by the British synthpop group ABC from their album "The Lexicon of Love". It was released as a single in the UK on 27 August 1982 and peaked at number five in the UK Singles Chart. It was written by lead singer Martin Fry and released by Neutron Records. The B-side, "Overture", was an instrumental, orchestral medley of songs from "The Lexicon of Love", arranged by Anne Dudley.
In a retrospective review of the song, Allmusic journalist Mike DeGagne wrote: "The lushness of the instruments and the small amounts of musical detail drape the body of the track, adding a slight classical feel to the song's flow."
In 2005, Jess Harvell of Pitchfork Media listed "All of My Heart" as his favorite UK song of the post-punk "New pop" era, describing it as "ABC's slickest and most gorgeous single, and yet also possibly their most bitter." Harvell wrote: "Martin Fry alternates between open hearted and suspicious, warm and resentful with the turn of a phrase. The outro–a swirl of soundtrack strings, plucked bass, and cascading piano–is the most purely beautiful music of the era."

</doc>
<doc id="20751044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751044" title="Rio Mariah">
Rio Mariah

Rio Mariah (born August 8, 1980 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a pornographic actress. She won the 2006 UK Adult Film and Television Award for Best Female Overseas Actress Of The Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20751049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751049" title="Clausilia cruciata">
Clausilia cruciata

Clausilia cruciata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries including:

</doc>
<doc id="20751060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751060" title="Clausilia pumila">
Clausilia pumila

Clausilia pumila is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20751083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751083" title="A Sense of Purpose Tour">
A Sense of Purpose Tour

A Sense of Purpose Tour was a concert tour by Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames in support of the act's ninth studio album, "A Sense of Purpose", which was released in April 2008.
The tour began in May 2008 with a slot on Gigantour in North American markets, which was headlined by Megadeth. Following runs through Europe and a second North American leg, the tour continued through 2009 with the band's first visit to South America, as well as dates in Australia and Japan.
In February 2009, it was confirmed that lead guitarist Jesper Strömblad would be taking leave from future touring, due to his focus on alcohol rehabilitation. He was replaced with former member Niklas Engelin. Later in the month, an upcoming spring tour of the U.K. and Ireland was cancelled after it was announced that a second member, bassist Peter Iwers, would be taking leave due to the anticipated birth of his child. The band, minus Strömblad, fulfilled all touring commitments up to early April and resumed performing in the summer.
In September 2009, the band commenced a Canadian co-headlining trek with Killswitch Engage. Following the dates in Canada, the group toured the U.S. through early October.
In November 2009, the group teamed up once again with Killswitch Engage for the European leg of the "Taste of Chaos" tour. In January 2010, the band played their final leg of the tour, performing four dates in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20751096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751096" title="CPFF">
CPFF

Commercial Paper Funding Facility (CPFF) was a system created by the United States Federal Reserve Board during the Global financial crisis of 2008 to improve liquidity in the short-term funding markets. The CPFF was created on 27 October 2008 and funded a special purpose vehicle (SPV) that purchased three-month unsecured and asset-backed commercial paper (CP) from eligible issuers. This resulted in greater availability of credit for firms doing business. It worked under the aegis of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York where the NY Fed finances the purchase of highly rated unsecured and asset-backed commercial paper from eligible issuers via eligible primary dealers. The facility expired February 1, 2010. The final CP purchased matured on April 26, 2010. All CP notes purchased were repaid in full.
Explanation.
The CPFF began operations on October 27, 2008 following the collapse of Lehman Brothers and government bailout of AIG and the global credit freeze that ensued. The CPFF method of short-term funding provided liquidity to U.S. issuers of commercial paper through an SPV, which bought unsecured and asset-backed commercial paper for three-month period from eligible issuers with funds made available by the NY Fed. The commercial paper remained in the custody of the SPV until the CP matured. On maturity, the proceeds from commercial paper and other assets were used to repay the loan that was originally taken from the NY Fed. All purchases of the Commercial Papers by the SPV was done through the New York Fed’s primary dealers. This program lent out a total $738 billion before it was closed. 45 out 81 of the companies participating in this program were foreign firms. Research shows that Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) recipients were twice as likely to participate in the program than other commercial paper issuers who did not take advantage of the TARP bailout. The Fed incurred no losses from the CPFF.
This program was created at the same time that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation implemented the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program to increase liquidity in inter-bank lending.
Eligibility.
Only "Active" U.S. issuers of commercial paper (including those with a foreign parent), were eligible to sell commercial paper to the SPV. Active was defined as having at least three consecutive months of commercial paper outstanding during the period starting January 1, 2008 through August 31, 2008.
The commercial paper had to be rated at least A-1/P-1/F1 by a major nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) and, if rated by multiple major NRSROs, must have been rated at least A-1/P-1/F1 by two or more major NRSROs.
As part of the application process to be eligible for this program issuers had to pay a 10 basis point (0.1%) fee based on their maximum CP balance during the active period mentioned above.
References.
[http://www.ny.frb.org/markets/cpff.html]
See also.
CPFF may refer to:

</doc>
