<doc id="20558321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558321" title="Trojeručica">
Trojeručica

Bogorodica Trojeručica (Serbian Cyrillic: Богородица Тројеручица, Greek: Παναγία Τριχερούσα, Panayia Tricherousa, meaning ""Three-handed Theotokos"") or simply Trojeručica ("Three-handed") is a famous wonderworking icon in the Serb Orthodox monastery of Hilandar on Mount Athos, Greece. It depicts Theotokos (Virgin Mary) with young Jesus in the hodegetria position, and is covered with a riza. It is the most important icon of the Serbian Orthodox Church. On the back of the icon is the painting of St Nicholas.
History.
According to the tradition, the icon was painted by or for St John Damascene and it is associated with his miraculous healing around the year 717. According to tradition, while he was serving as Vizier to the Caliph, he was falsely accused of treachery and his hand was cut off. Alternatively this mutilation was by, or at the behest of, the Byzantine Iconoclast emperor Leo the Isaurian, who was indeed a great opponent of St John; though as John remained in Islamic Damascus, the Emperor was unlikely to have been able to reach him himself. Upon praying in front of an icon of the Theotokos his hand was miraculously restored. In thanksgiving, he had a silver replica of his hand fashioned and attached it to the icon. People were surprised at seeing three hands on the holy icon (two of Theotokos plus one more) and named the icon "three-handed" (Tricherousa).
John Damascene became a monk at Mar Sabbas monastery outside of Jerusalem and gave the icon to the monastic community there. Later the icon was given as a present to St. Sava, who gave it to the Hilandar. Until very recently the icon was formally the abbot of Hilandar, with monks elected to serve as its deputy. This icon has two feast days: and .
Art historians think the style of the icon today is more likely from the 14th century, and it may be a copy or re-painting of an earlier prototype. Another version brought to Moscow in 1661 became famous, and resulted in many Russian copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20558322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558322" title="Bangladesh Caterers Association UK">
Bangladesh Caterers Association UK

Bangladesh Caterers Association UK (BCA) is the umbrella organization of approximately 12,000 British Bangladeshi restaurateurs living in the UK. It was established in 1960 to represent the Catering Industry run by the ethnic Bangladeshis. At present, the industry employs more than 90,000 people, mostly Bangladeshi origin, with an estimated yearly turnover of £3.5 billion. BCA organises various activities to promote Bangladeshi cuisine in Great Britain as well as in Europe.
It has asked for positions as ethnic restaurant staff to be designated as a shortage occupation which would make it easier for Bangladeshi citizens to obtain United Kingdom work permits.
Over the years BCA has established itself as the ‘Pride of Bangladeshi Community’ through its relentless efforts in the interest of our community. With the passage of time, BCA is now generating huge business potentials for any suppliers, be it a small cash & Carry or a giant business industry like Cobra or Coca Cola.
BCA is a democratically run organization and every two-year interval, a new executive committee takes over. The present NEC was elected to office in December 2006. Mr Bajloor Rashid is the current President of BCA while Mr Pasha Khandaker acts as the present Secretary General.
NEC is the highest forum of BCA and three key personnel, viz, President, Secretary General and the Chief Treasurer, run the day-to-day activities and all their activities are scrutinised and passed in the following NEC meeting

</doc>
<doc id="20558337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558337" title="Neider dos Santos">
Neider dos Santos

Neider dos Santos is a Brazilian football coach who is currently the manager of Jamaican club side Montego Bay United. He has previously managed Simba SC in Tanzania, as well as the youth teams of Brazilian clubs Vasco da Gama and Botafogo, plus the national teams of Cayman Islands and Guyana. Dos Santos took over as manager of Jamaican club Village United in late 2010, having spent the previous four years as manager of the Bahamas national team. After leaving Jamaican club Village United in early 2011, Dos Santos was hired by newly promoted Montego Bay United in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20558348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558348" title="2003 Big 12 Championship Game">
2003 Big 12 Championship Game

The 2003 Big 12 Championship Game was played on December 6, 2003 in Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. The game determined the 2003 football champion of the Big 12 Conference. The Oklahoma Sooners, winners of the South division of the Big 12, were upset by the Kansas State Wildcats, who won the North division, by a score of 35-7. This was the second time the two teams met in the Big 12 Championship Game. The first was the 2000 Big 12 Championship Game, a game in which Oklahoma won 27-24.
Leading up to the game.
The Sooners came into the game already being called possibly the greatest team in college football history. They were undefeated, boasting a 12-0 record, including 8-0 in conference play.
The Wildcats came into the game 10-3, with a 6-2 mark in conference play. The Wildcats lost at home to Marshall in September, and followed it up with losses to #13 Texas in Austin, and Oklahoma State in Stillwater. The Wildcats would go on to win six games in a row, including their first win in Lincoln against the Nebraska Cornhuskers since 1968, clinching their third division title, and their third Big 12 Championship Game appearance.
Game summary.
In one of the most stunning upsets in national conference championship history, Kansas State upended Oklahoma, consensus No. 1 in the polls for 16 consecutive weeks, 35-7. This was the fourth consecutive win for the North Division champ in an odd-numbered year - Nebraska in 1997 and ’99, Colorado in 2001 and KSU in 2003. 
Kansas State head coach Bill Snyder’s squad played fundamental football in the Wildcats’ third trip to the title game, amassing 519 yards of total offense and clutch defense in the red zone to produce victory. 
It began with a 42-yard Kejuan Jones’ run and Trey DiCarlo PAT kick just 2:49 into the game to give Oklahoma a 7-0 advantage. 
Snyder’s Wildcats then began a 35-0 run almost 15 minutes later in game time as tight end Brian Casey caught a 19-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Ell Roberson. After taking over at their own 27-yard line, the drive lasted four plays and 58 seconds for 73 yards.
The drive a streak of three consecutive touchdown drives on the Wildcats’ next four possessions. After the initial score, Oklahoma’s offense went three-and-out and had a missed field goal during their next five possessions. 
Roberson and All-America running back Darren Sproles turned the tide with a 21-point second quarter. Roberson had 30.3 yards per connection and threw three TD passes in the opening half while Sproles rumbled to an eventual championship record of 235 rushing yards. 
Two of the nation’s testiest defenses entering the game allowed almost 1,000 yards (917 total), but the Wildcats limited the nation’s No. 1 scoring team (48.3 points per game) to a touchdown and added a defensive score to ice the game with 10:16 left to play. Sophomore linebacker Ted Sims returned an interception 27 yards for the fifth K-State touchdown of the night.
Scoring summary.
First Quarter 
OU (0-7) - Kejuan Jones 42-yard run (Trey DiCarlo kick); 12:11 
Second Quarter 
KSU (7-7) - Brian Casey 19-yard pass from Ell Roberson (Joe Rheem kick); 13:57 
KSU (14-7) - James Terry 63-yard pass from Roberson (Rheem kick); 11:34 
KSU (21-7) - Darren Sproles 60-yard pass from Roberson (Rheem kick); 3:18 
Third Quarter 
KSU (28-7) - Antoine Polite 10-yard pass from Roberson (Rheem kick); 3:02 
Fourth Quarter 
KSU (35-7) - Ted Sims 27-yard interception return (Rheem kick); 10:16 
After the game.
Despite the blowout defeat, the Sooners would only fall to #2 in the BCS rankings and go on to play in the 2004 Sugar Bowl (National Championship game), losing to the LSU Tigers, 14-21.
Kansas State went on to lose to the Ohio State Buckeyes in the 2004 Fiesta Bowl, 28 to 35.
This was the last Big 12 Championship Game won by a North division team.

</doc>
<doc id="20558358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558358" title="Vermont Route 36">
Vermont Route 36

Vermont Route 36 is a state highway in Franklin County, Vermont, United States. It is an L-shaped highway running south and east from VT 78 in the village of Swanton in the north to VT 108 in the town of Bakersfield in the east. The portion from St. Albans Bay State Park to the eastern terminus in Bakersfield is maintained by the state while the north–south portion is a town highway minor collector (route number 786).
Route description.
VT 36 begins at an intersection with VT 78 in the village of Swanton two blocks from VT 78's intersection with U.S. Route 7. VT 36 runs south along the eastern edge of Lake Champlain for about , and then turns eastward towards the city of St. Albans. The route briefly overlaps US 7 in the center of the city, and about a half mile (0.8 km) later, intersects VT 104, a state highway providing access to Interstate 89 via exit 19. VT 36 proceeds east out of the city and into the mountains. It passes through the town of Fairfield and ends at an intersection with VT 108 in Bakersfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20558359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558359" title="Dr. Wells">
Dr. Wells

Dr. Wells is a "pepper-style" carbonated soft drink manufactured by The Dad's Root Beer Company, LLC. of Jasper, Indiana, and owned by Hedinger Brands, LLC. The brand is currently available in 12 ounce cans, 20 ounce plastic bottles, 1-liter plastic bottles, and on fountain service in select markets in the United States. The "pepper" segment is the fourth largest flavor segment in the United States.
History.
Dr. Wells was developed and introduced in 1935 as a "pepper-style" carbonated soft drink by Ludford Fruit Products of Los Angeles, California. Ludford Fruit Products was located on S. Western Avenue in L.A., and was also the National Headquarters for Alka-Time and Hollywood Beverages. The Monarch Beverage Company of Atlanta purchased the brand in 1987. In 2007, Dr. Wells was purchased from Monarch, along with Dad's Root Beer, Bubble Up and Sun Crest, by Hedinger Brands, LLC and licensed to The Dad's Root Beer Company, LLC. The company headquarters is now located in Jasper, Indiana.
Advertising.
Prior advertising slogans included: "Makes a Nickel Thirsty" and "The Cooler Doctor"

</doc>
<doc id="20558387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558387" title="Chicago Underground">
Chicago Underground

Chicago Underground may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20558401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558401" title="Giovanni Battista Bussi (1656–1726)">
Giovanni Battista Bussi (1656–1726)

Giovanni Battista Bussi (Viterbo, 31 March 1656 – Rome, 23 December 1726) was an Italian cardinal.
Life.
Born in the Papal States to a family which provided many ecclesiastics, Giovanni studied at the archiginnasio della Sapienza and in 1691 was granted a canonry in St Peter's Basilica and entrusted with the management of the Arcispedale di Santo Spirito in Sassia nearby by Pope Innocent XII. He was sent to Flanders in 1693 to fight the spread of Jansenism and in 1703 contributed to the condemnation for Jansenism of Petrus Codde, apostolic vicar to Holland and archbishop of Sebaste. 
Bussi was elected archbishop of Tarsus "in partibus" and promoted to the nuntiature of "Germania inferiore" at Cologne. He remained in Germany until his election as archbishop of Ancona on 19 February 1710, and he was later made cardinal by Pope Clement XI in the consistory of 30 January 1713. He headed several congregations (Congregation for Bishops, Congregation for the Clergy, Congregation for Borders, Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith, etc.). He died in Rome and was buried in the basilica of Santa Maria in Trastevere, to the right of the chapel dedicated to saint Frances of Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="20558405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558405" title="Dichlorophenylphosphine">
Dichlorophenylphosphine

Dichlorophenylphosphine is an organophosphorus compound with the formula C6H5PCl2. This colourless viscous liquid is commonly used in the synthesis of phosphine ligands.
Dichlorophenylphosphine is commercially available. It may be prepared by an electrophilic substitution of benzene by phosphorus trichloride, catalyzed by aluminium chloride. The compound is an intermediate for the synthesis of other chemicals for instance dimethylphenylphosphine:
Dichlorophenylphosphine undergoes the McCormack reaction upon treatment with dienes to give phospholes.

</doc>
<doc id="20558413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558413" title="St Gabriel's Church, Weoley Castle">
St Gabriel's Church, Weoley Castle

St. Gabriel's Church, Weoley Castle is a parish church in the Church of England located in Weoley Castle, Birmingham.
History.
The church dates from 1934, and is by the architect E F Reynolds.
The parish was assigned out of St. Laurence's Church, Northfield and St. Mary's Church, Selly Oak in 1933.
The land was given by James Goddington Ledsam. Originally it was to be called St. Michael and All Angels, Northfield, but it was consecrated as St. Gabriel, Weoley Castle, perhaps to avoid the risk of confusion with St. Michael and All Angels' Church, Bartley Green.
The calvary was sent in 1948 by Ernest William Barnes, Bishop of Birmingham from Saint Gabriel`s, Deritend and was that parish's memorial of the First World War.
Part of the parish was later transferred to St. David's Church, Shenley Green.
Organ.
The church has an historic organ dating from 1777 by John Snetzler which was originally located in St. James' Church, Wednesbury and then St. Andrew's Church, West Bromwich. It was moved here in 1940. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20558419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558419" title="Immaculate Conception (disambiguation)">
Immaculate Conception (disambiguation)

Immaculate Conception or Immaculata is the Roman Catholic dogma of the Immaculate Conception of Mary.
Immaculate Conception or Immaculata may also refer to:
In species:

</doc>
<doc id="20558446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558446" title="ITV Player">
ITV Player

ITV Player is an online video on demand service accessible though the main ITV website itv.com. The service offers a variety of programmes from homegrown programming to imports across ITV, ITV2, ITV3, ITV4 and CITV. Some sports programming is available to watch again via the service, the 2010 FIFA World Cup and highlights being examples. Some programmes, imports and movies are not currently available due to rights issues, and until the latest version, most children's programming in particular was generally unavailable. Programmes are available for 30 days on the site after being first shown on ITV. The service was originally called ITV Catch Up but was then rebranded 'ITV Player' on 5 December 2008 as part of ITV’s aim to create a recognisable and consistent brand for video-on-demand content across the web and TV. ITV Player is also branded as ITV Net Player and referred to as the ITV Network Player in branding and communication around programming intended for consumption across the UK, such as on Virgin Media.
, the service has over 1 million registered users.
Web platforms.
The service started out as a website before being extended to television and other platforms. Initially the website version used Microsoft Silverlight as opposed to Adobe Flash (used by BBC iPlayer and Channel 4's 4oD) and Windows Media Video. ITV adopted Flash for its player on 15 September 2009. In November 2009 the website was revamped again improving navigation as well as making the site more visually appealing. The service is free to use funded by pre-, mid- and post-roll adverts. Previously users have been able to use ad-blocking software to skip the adverts shown. During Summer 2010, the ITV website was upgraded to detect ad-blocking software. Video is sent at multiple bit rates and uses adaptive technology in the player to best determine rate based on users connection.
Improvements were made in June/July 2011 to the website version to incorporate subtitles and CITV programming. The website version relaunched with a cleaner, less cluttered new look on Monday 22 August 2011. The new look seamlessly fits in with the redesigned itv.com and has upgraded search features, images and a new Flash video player designed to make playback more reliable. In January 2012, the site was due to be overhauled to offer paid-for content in addition to the existing free 30 day catch up, however this was delayed until 29 October 2012.
Content that has only aired on ITV (rather than also on ITV2, 3, 4, or CITV) is only available to viewers located in ITV plc regions (in England, Wales, the Channel Islands, and southern Scotland). If the programme was also aired in Northern Ireland, or central and northern Scotland, then users located in those areas may be able to view it on the catch up services of UTV and STV respectively. The ITV Player website will attempt to detect your location automatically, using that provided by your ISP.
Television platforms.
BT Vision.
In December 2008, ITV Player was added to BT Vision's TV Replay service, the deal was ITV's first with a set-top-box VOD operator. It allows access to popular ITV, ITV2, ITV3 and ITV4 shows up to 8 days after their transmission as well as a selection of archive shows.
Freesat.
A place for a full version of ITV Player has been reserved on Freesat channel 903. A beta release was made available in December 2010 for Humax receivers, requiring the input of a code. The beta was made public on 26 July 2011, with support expected to be extended beyond Humax devices. On 31 July 2012, an update was released for Manhattan receivers which included support for ITV Player. In November 2012, both EchoStar and Samsung receivers also received ITV Player support.
Sky.
On 30 January 2012, it was announced that ITV Player would be added to Sky's On Demand service on 31 January 2012. The service is accessible through the main On Demand menu as well as a dedicated ITV Player section. ITV Player initially only offered archive content, with catch-up programming becoming available on 26 September 2012.
Samsung Smart TV & Blu Ray Players.
On 6 July 2012, it was announced that ITV Player had been made available on Samsung's Smart TVs and Blu-ray players through their Samsung Smart TV service, for 2011 and later devices.
Virgin Media.
On 8 January 2009, it was announced that ITV Net Player would be added to Virgin Media's digital cable TV service. The deal allows Virgin Media’s 3.5 million TV customers to view over 40 hours of programming from ITV, ITV2, ITV3 and ITV4 each week. Popular shows such as "Coronation Street" and "Emmerdale" are all available for seven days after being broadcast as part of Virgin Media's free Catch up TV service. The service began a three day deployment programme on 24 February 2009. Virgin Media’s viewers were able to choose from 500 hours of ITV comedies, documentaries and dramas, on demand through the TV Choice section, however the contract to supply archive content ended on 23 February 2013.
YouView.
ITV Player was one of four service available at the launch of YouView in July 2012. At launch the ITV Player app contained options to resume watching recent programmes and browse by channel, day and A-to-Z, but lacked integrated search and contained non-skippable adverts. During 2013, ITV intend to introduce paid-for content content into ITV Player on YouView.
Games consoles.
PlayStation 3.
ITV Player was released on 14 December 2010 on PlayStation 3 via the PlayStation Network. ITV Player on PS3 is free and ad-funded with pre-, mid- and post- roll video ads being sold and served by ITV. Under the terms of the deal with Sony, STV, UTV and Channel Television will be able to add their own equivalent services so they are also accessible from the PS3 platform on a similar basis to ITV Player.
Xbox 360.
ITV Player is not currently available for the Xbox 360 platform.
Mobile platforms.
On 11 May 2011, ITV chief executive Adam Crozier announced that a dedicated ITV Player application would be released on a "wide range of mobiles and tablets" during 2011. The app features programming from ITV, ITV2, ITV3 and ITV4 for up to seven days after broadcast. However content is only available to view in the UK and ITV programming is blocked in the STV and UTV regions. A Wi-Fi connection is also required. The mobile apps were developed by digital agency Candyspace. During 2013, ITV intend to introduce paid-for content content into ITV Player across all mobile platforms.
Android devices.
An application for devices running Google's Android operating system was released on 20 June 2011. The app requires Android 2.2 (Froyo) or higher and Adobe AIR. Each show is broken up to feature non-skippable advert breaks. Users are forced to register an email address to use the app in order to allow ITV to “keep you informed about improvements and other exciting developments at ITV.” On 14 January 2013, ITV Player 2.0 was released adding support for Android 3.x Gingerbread to 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and a re-engineered user interface.
Due to Adobe not updating support for Android, Flash is not readily available for Android 4.1 Jelly Bean so the existing ITV Player cannot be used. A new app was trialled but was only available on Samsung products and received poor reviews on Google Play Store. Upon the release of the app on 9 May 2013, Samsung entered into an exclusivity agreement with ITV, with the ITV Player app available exclusively on Samsung devices until 31 August. ITV's online product director, James Micklethwait, cited "fragmentation of the Android ecosystem" as the motive behind the deal.
iOS devices.
An application for Apple's iOS (iOS 4.3 or later) operating system and either the iPad (1st generation or later), iPhone (3GS or later) and iPod Touch (3rd generation or later), was launched on 1 July 2011.
In June 2013, the iOS app was updated to add a trial premium section, allowing subscribers to watch catch-up content without advertising, as well as pay to view live streams of ITV3 and ITV4. Early reviews of the updated app on the App Store were generally negative, with users commenting that the subscription option provided poor value for money.
Windows Phone.
The Windows Phone platform does not currently have a native ITV Player app. However, the STV Player app run by STV, who currently hold the ITV licence for Scotland, has been launched on Windows Phone. Users of the STV Player can input their postocde to verify they live in Scotland, thus allowing users who are visiting other regions of the UK, to use the app and view content. The STV Player app contains much of the content found on ITV Player.
Syndication.
ITV does not syndicate its content to other providers such as YouTube and SeeSaw like Channel 4 or Channel 5. Although some ITV programmes can be seen on such services, this is where these services have negotiated rights with the production companies involved and not ITV. The beta launch of the Virgin Media Player saw ITV programmes become available but Virgin Media have licensed ITV's archive (a separate service also available on ITV.com under the TV shows section) which is not currently part of the ITV Player.

</doc>
<doc id="20558453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558453" title="Don Coutts">
Don Coutts

Don Coutts is a Scottish filmmaker best known as the director of the 2003 feature film American Cousins. He is also a documentary and music filmmaker who has worked on numerous current affairs and entertainment productions, including the late night discussion programme "After Dark".
Biography.
Don Coutts left school in 1967, and began work with the Simon Community before moving to London. Soon afterwards he was employed by Columbia Pictures as a clerk. Following work in Columbia's laboratories, he got a job in the studio's cutting rooms and worked on several films as an assistant film editor. Subsequently Coutts was employed by Anglia TV and BBC East as an assistant film editor. As director of "After Dark", Coutts developed an innovative televisual language of big close-ups, pulled focus and a panning system that was new to British talk show programming.
Film & Television drama.
"Dear Green Place" (2007)
"American Cousins" (2003)
"Rose" (1998)
"Dead Sea Reels" (1996)
"St Antony’s Day Off" (1995)
Selected documentaries.
"Mac Musical": 3 x 1 hour following the creation of a new Scottish musical for the opening of Eden Court Theatre. Endemol for BBC Scotland
"True North": Celebrating the 60th birthday of Aly Bain BBC Scotland
"This is Mackay Country": Profile of Craig Mackay. Ex-S BBC Scotland
"When Summers Were Longer": Huts at Carbeth Ex-S BBC Scotland
"Welcome to The GoGo": Arena film on the go-go music scene in Washington for Island Records / BBC Network.
"Cowboys in Skirts": The making of feature film Rob Roy. United Artists/ ITV Network.
"Clarissa & the Countryman": Series two (x3) and three (x4) Clarissa Dickson Wright and Johnny Scott travelling around Britain. BBC Network.
"Fly Me To Dunoon": The story of jazz singer Suzanne Bonner. BBC Network.
"Tacsi": 18 x 30 minute Music Arts programmes - STV/Grampian
"A Kiss To Build A Dream On": Profile of Hollywood director Michael Caton-Jones. BBC Scotland.
"My Name is Albert Watson": Profile of stills photographer Albert Watson. BBC Scotland.
"The Trainer Wars": A film about Nike, Reebok & Adidas. BBC Scotland.
"Tracks of my Tears": Documentary about men and crying. BBC Scotland.
"Victims of The Village": Expose of rural Child Abuse. BBC Scotland. 
"The Power List": 50 Minute documentary presented by Jon Snow looking at changes in Power in Britain.
Awards.
Best Director – Milan International Film Festival
Best Director, Comedy – Newport Beach Film Festival (USA)
Best Film – Milan International Film Festival
Best Film – Sunday Times Bowmore Awards
Best Film – Newport Beach Film Festival (USA)
Best Comedy – Newport Beach Film Festival (USA)
Audience Award – Milan International Film Festival
Audience Award – BAFTA Scotland
Special Jury Prize – Savannah Film Festival (USA)

</doc>
<doc id="20558456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558456" title="Giovanni Battista Bussi">
Giovanni Battista Bussi

Giovanni Battista Bussi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20558462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558462" title="Donal Hughes">
Donal Hughes

Dr. Donal Hughes is a well-known Irish golf columnist. Although known in industry circles as leading food safety consultant and cleaning chemical manufacturer, Hughes turned a hobby as a humorous golf writer into a successful alternative career as the “SpinDoctor” with the "Irish Examiner".
Biography.
Born in 1974, Hughes grew up in Ballinrobe, County Mayo in the west of Ireland. He completed a degree in Applied Chemistry in Dublin City University winning the AGB gold medal for highest final year exam results. He went on to be awarded a Ph.D. in 1999. Hughes returned to Mayo, was married to Deirdre and is now a father of four children.
Sporting career.
Hughes early life was defined by sporting achievement; he represented Mayo in Gaelic football at all underage levels and achieved regional honours in squash, badminton and rugby. He received a DCU “Sportstar Of The Year” award in 1993 from the then Irish Minister for Sport, Liam Aylward. Following a career ending leg injury Hughes took up the sport of golf, progressing to become a three handicapper, which he retains today.
Charity work.
In 2007 Hughes devised and undertook a record breaking challenge for charity entitled The Round Ireland Golf Challenge. Along with fellow golfer Michael Nolan, Hughes completed 32 rounds of golf, in each of Ireland’s 32 counties, over 32 consecutive days finishing on 6 September 2007 at The Heritage Golf Club. During the challenge, the pair walked every course and covered a driving distance of over 5,000 km. The achievement raised in the region €100,000 for children's and cancer charities in Ireland including Playing For Life, The Friends of St. Lukes, Barretstown Castle and The Jack and Jill Foundation. Hughes retains his charity involvement as a West Of Ireland envoy for an anonymous donor to rural and social development projects.
Golf writing career.
In preparation for his Round Ireland Golf Challenge, Donal Hughes came to the attention of the Irish golfing community and was commissioned by the Irish Examiner newspaper to write a log of his adventures. Following the project, Hughes was retained by the Irish Examiner’s sports editor Tony Leen to write a weekly golfing column in the paper. His humorous approach to golf writing lead to him becoming a reader favourite and in 2008 Hughes was promoted to a full page each Tuesday in the sports section of the paper with an average readership of 238,000. Known as the “SpinDoctor”, Hughes’s page features columns such as:
Food safety career.
On completion of his Ph.D. Hughes worked as a food industry technical manager before forming his own company, AbSolutions Food Safety in 2001. AbSolutions Food Safety services range from consultancy to training, HACCP system development, cleaning chemicals, calibration, premises design and more. Hughes has created food safety systems for hundreds of Irish companies including Jacob Fruitfield and has worked as an independently contracted trainer for the Food Safety Authority of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20558469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558469" title="The Piggott School">
The Piggott School

The Piggott School is a Church of England academy secondary school in Wargrave in Berkshire, England. The school has approximately 1,516 pupils and around 185 teaching staff. The school specialises in Modern Languages and Humanities. It has been awarded International school status by the British Council. The most recent inspection from ofsted achieved a rating of 'Good' in all categories except pupil behaviour which was given 'Outstanding'.
The Piggott School has a long established exchange programme with the Ville Gymnasium School der Erftstadt, North Rhine, Westphalia, Germany and a more recent link with Wyndhams School in Boston, Massachusetts. It is a partner school of the EU organised Comenius project. The Piggott School is also the only church of England secondary school in the Reading, Twyford area. Many of its students come from Robert Piggott Junior in Wargrave and Colleton Primary School in Twyford. The Piggott School is one of the best performing secondary schools in the Wokingham District.
History.
The Piggott School was founded by Robert Piggott, a philanthropist, to cater for 20 poor boys and 20 poor girls in separate schools. The foundation stone was laid on 12 October 1939 it was officially opened on the 17th of September 1940. The school was originally built for 320 children. It was too small as soon as it was opened in 1940, because war had broken out and a massive evacuation programme was underway (2 million children moved out of London in 3 days). This meant a doubling of the local population of children and far more children had to be accommodated. Morning school was therefore organised for ‘home’ children’. Afternoon school was for the ‘visitors’.
New things over the past few years and future.
Since becoming an academy The Piggott School has had a lot of changes.Here is a debrief. In 2011 A brand new sixth form block opened where the old Football NVQ terrapins where behind reception this is a two floor building with offices, 8 classrooms for sixth formers and a social area for the sixth formers. This was to replace the old and tired small sixth form block bellow catering. This is now a drama studio and extra classroom.
In May 2013 work began to remove the old maths and Business studies terrapins to make way for a brand new block with brand new PE changing rooms, 1 Science lab, 8 classrooms and a purpose built gym open to the public at students (Run by nuffield health) . This block is opened in September 2014.Maths has moved into the new Block leaving the old block this is where IT will move into by mid feb of 2014. Resulting in room 9 for business studies replacing the old classroom in the downstairs of Catering. Room 22 in D&T will become the green room with room 11 becoming an art class.
The are more ideas of how to re-do the school but are still being talked about.
Houses.
The house system involves house points, in the form of merits and each individual pupil is encouraged to collect these to support their house. Merits are awarded for effort and achievement, community service and extra curricular involvement within the school.
Being a member of a house is about being part of a team, so each an every member of this school, pupils and staff are part of a team. Every member of a team is important. Each person brings unique skills, knowledge, and experience. People also bring energy, drive, passion, and determination. Since everyone brings different amounts of all of these things, team members need each other. Though, in reality, it means very little whatsoever, and isn't much more than a gimmick.
Each house has two Heads of House who are in Year 13, and each year group has two house captains for each house. Within the next couple of weeks these people will make themselves known to you and start recruiting you all to take part in both sport and curricular House competitions.
At present the school holds many sporting inter-house competitions every year along with the annual Spelling Bee, Photography and ‘It’s a Knockout’ competition. The four houses are.
St Patricks
Thames
Kennet
Loddon
Loddon house is named after the River Loddon in Berkshire and Hampshire, this is currently the leading house. The emblem is a Lion.
Thames house is named after the River Thames which runs through several cities and towns, the emblem is a dragon.
Kennet house is named after the River Kennet which runs through Reading, the emblem is a green dragon.
St Patrick's house is named after St Patrick's Stream, a backwater of the Thames that flows into the Loddon, the emblem is a harp.
The new school sweatshirt will come with the school house by July 2011, the logo can either be red for Thames, blue for St Patricks, green for Kennet, and gold for Loddon. The old school sweatshirt consists of only a gold writing and no house badge underneath.
There are many competitions between these four houses, including, rugby, football, netball, hockey, sports day, the governors cup and many more.
Church Status.
The Piggott School is a school with a Church Foundation. This reflects the School's history and the involvement of The Church of England in the education of young people in their communities; it does not mean they're pupils or their families have to have a Christian faith, or any religious faith. But everyone is expected to respect the teachings of the Christian faith.
Gospel values place great emphasis on care and respect, on fairness and forgiveness; there is an emphasis on our responsibilities as fellow human beings, as well as our rights as individuals.
Ofsted.
The school has been very high acheving in the terms of results and ofsted inspections the last inspection in 2010 - 2011 school year the piggot school got outstanding the was an inspection in early jan 2014 result to be waited for.
Facilities.
The Piggott School has a soldering works area, clay area, modelling areas such as making D.I.Y, a Arts Studio and a very large sports field which runs alongside the railway tracks towards Wargrave railway station. There is also a proposed new humanities block with updated facalties, in 2011 there was a brand new sixth form block opened. Students are shown how to use a range of tools and equipment safely across a range of projects that are designed to enhance and build upon the skills they learn. They are encouraged to work in a methodical and organised way, assessing their work as it progresses. Projects are designed to provide experience of processes and skills from graphics and layout; to cutting and assembling wood to build freestanding structures; the selection and preparation of ingredients in food technology and the use of components in simple electronic circuits, this is supported by Wokingham Secondary Federation. A brand new block, similar to that if the sixth form building, was constructed in mid 2013. This contains a mixture of Maths and science facilities but also a gym that is operated by Nufield Health. This block was built on the south of the site.
Leadership Team.
Mrs Hilary Winter, BSc, NPQH Head Teacher (Geography, Religious & Social Education)
Mr Kevin Harley, BSc, NPQH Deputy Head Teacher, Curriculum, (Mathematics/IT)
Mrs Maggie Urwin, BA, NPQH Deputy Head Teacher, Pastoral, (Modern Languages)
Mr Steve Woodhull, BA Assistant Head Teacher, (Economics/Business Studies)
Mrs Viki Hunt, BA, NPQH Assistant Head Teacher, Director of Specialisms (English)
Mr Brian Murphy, BEd, MA AST ( Subject Leader Art)
Mrs Nadine Doble Business Manager
Ms Karen Burch, BA Seconded, (Sociology, Learning 4 Life)
Curriculum.
In Years 7, 8 and 9 (Key Stage 3) students study the core subjects of English, Mathematics and Science (Year 9 start GCSE Science) plus the following foundation subjects: French, Design and Technology, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), History, Geography, Religious Education, Art, Music and Physical Education. In addition lessons are offered in Personal, Social and Health Education, Citizenship and Drama. Pupils are taught in sets for English, Maths, Science and French. German is offered as a first language (if you choose it) language from Year 7 onwards to those in the top French sets. Mandarin Chinese is now available.. The Piggott School's is one of a small number of state schools which still offer the three separate sciences at GCSE. The following Design and Technology options are offered at GCSE: Food and Nutrition; Graphic Products; Resistant Materials; Systems and Control; Textiles.
AS Art, Craft and Design is also available as a fast track course for students in year 10 and 11.
In Years 9, 10 and 11 students are able to specialise in Catering, Graphic Products, Textiles, Resistant Materials, Electronic Products or Food.
Sixth formers can study the following courses in AS & A2 are food technology, AQA theatre studies, music, AQA geography, OCR history, AQA maths and languages (French, Spanish or German). Students can also study at AS and A level which are ICT, product design (graphic products or textile technology), economics, science (students are able to take one or more of the three separate sciences, these are biology, physics, chemistry), business studies, art and photography.
In addition, a number of vocational courses are available including the new Key Skills Qualifications in Application of Number, Communication, and Information Technology, and the National Diploma in Business (Level 2). The Piggott School's participates in the Cisco Networking Academy Programme and is one of the relatively few schools in the UK to offer this globally accepted professional course in networking. Pupils on this course have networked the computers in the school's IT suite and also those of the neighbouring primary school Robert Piggott Junior in Wargrave, Berkshire.
The Piggott School's has pioneered an innovative science buddy scheme, which was featured on Teachernet, the website for teachers and educators. The scheme involved around 30 pupils from the top three sets in Year 11 helping the younger children in Year 7 to conduct experiments and investigations in a lunchtime club.
Sports.
Pupils at the school participate in the following sports: cross-country, badminton, basketball, cricket, football, health-related fitness, hockey, netball, rounders, rugby, athletics, table tennis and tennis. There are school teams which play regular fixtures with other local schools in rugby, football, hockey, netball and basketball. Pupils also participate in the Reading Cross Country League. A number of pupils play at county level.
Extracurricular activities.
Music and Drama:
Tuition is provided by Berkshire Maestros, pupils can learn to play all sorts of instruments such as woodwind. Pupils can even perform at concerts.There is also a School Jazz Band and String Group. All pupils who learn instruments in school are expected to participate in at least one of these groups.
Drama productions are a feature of The Piggott School and have ranged from well known musicals to exam performances presented by students studying GCSE and A levels.
Trips are organised to France for Year 7 students and to a number of other countries for students in Years 8–12. Sixth formers are involved in outdoor education visits and subject based field work.
Achievements and specialisms.
The Piggott School is a specialist school in languages and humanities. The school has Investor in People Status and also holds the Sportsmark Award and the Healthy School's award.
Admission.
In common with all other schools in Wokingham Borough, school places are allocated by the LEA based on designated catchment areas and feeder primary schools. Around 200 places are available at Piggott every year. The feeder primary schools for Piggott are:
Academy.
On Friday 1 July 2011, The Piggott School became an academy after being approved by the Department of Education. The letter sent out to parents saying the school would become and academy on 1 July was sent out on Monday, the 4th June.
Primary School.
In March 2013 the school announced that it will be opening a brand new Primary school for reception students in September 2013.
In 2013 it was announced that the Piggott school will be opening a primary school in Charvil. The School which has a full intake will open in September 2013 building work started in April 2013 at the East park Farm site.
The school so far has a main hall,Canteen. With the classrooms, Library being built due to open by April 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20558471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558471" title="Surkov">
Surkov

Surkov (, literally "a marmot") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20558473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558473" title="Hércules (Salvadoran team)">
Hércules (Salvadoran team)

Hércules was a professional football team that played in San Salvador, El Salvador.
Hércules was a powerhouse during the late 1920s and early 1930s, winning titles in 1927, 1928 and in the 1929-30, 1930–31, 1931–32, 1932–33, 1933-34 seasons. Although the Primera División de Fútbol Profesional in El Salvador didn't exist at that time, and the Salvadoran Sports Commission ("Comisión Nacional de Educación Física") didn't conduct an official national tournament during those years, the championships they won are often considered the national titles.

</doc>
<doc id="20558491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558491" title="Giovanni Battista Bussi (1755–1844)">
Giovanni Battista Bussi (1755–1844)

Giovanni Battista Bussi (Viterbo, 23 January 1755 – Benevento, 31 January 1844) was an Italian cleric. He was raised to cardinal by pope Leo XII in the consistory of 3 May 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="20558493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558493" title="Siegfried Brosow">
Siegfried Brosow

Siegfried Brosow was a Sturmbannführer (Storm Unit Leader/Major), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Siegfried Brosow joined the SS-VT (auxiliary) in 1937 and was issued the SS service number SS 353059.
He was selected to be an officer and sent to the SS-Junkerschule at Brunswick from 1939 to 1940, while he was at the school he joined the NSDAP in December 1939 being given the party number NSDAP-Nr: 7 145 966.
During the Battle of France Untersturmführer (Storm Leader/Second Lieutenatnt) Brosow was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class for bravery and the Iron Cross 1st class, during the first assault on Moscow and was promoted to Obersturmführer (Senior Storm Leader/First Lieutenant) on 30 January 1942.
He returned to the Das Reich Pionier battalion in January 1943 as the commander of the 1st Company, until he became the commander of the Divisional staff in October 1943.
During the rebuilding of Das Reich in 1944 he became the temporary Pionier Battalion Commander and assumed full command during the Normandy Campaign. He led the Battalion until February 1945 when he was reassigned to the SS-Pionierschule as the commander of training and remained here until captured by the Russians in May 1945.
Siegfried Brosow remained in Russian captivity until October 1955.
Upon his release he became a school teacher.
Siegfried Brasow died on the 18 November 2008.
Knight's Cross.
On 13 September 1943, Hauptsturmführer (Captain) Brosow was ordered to establish unit-boundary security positions in the reserve sector between the SS-Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion Das Reich and the 344th Grenadier Regiment. This area signified the southwesterly height 188, just forward of a small wooded area north of Kraschantschen. This strategic point along the front had to be held, at all costs, against any Soviet penetrations.
Heavy Russian artillery and mortar fire was directed against the German strategic point and the remaining earthworks that lay 500 meters to the north. Once the barrages lifted, but with added strong support from tanks, the Russian infantry assaulted the German Division's lines from positions near Perekop. While the SS Reconnaissance Battalion had successfully knocked out 45 T-34 tanks and stopped the assault on the right, Russian infantry managed to breach the German lines in the area of the III. Battalion, 344th Grenadiers. Infiltrating the German trench system and moving 1200 meters forward, two Russian companies launched an attack against the reserve sector. The Russians were quickly tied down by the defending 1st Pionier Company, but tried again and again to gain ground along the street and tree line. Each time they were turned back.
Recognizing the immediate danger, regardless of his weak security reserve, Hauptsturmführer Brosow led a counterattack into the Russian flanks. With 45 men of the 1st Pionier Company, Brosow infiltrated the Russian occupied trenches under heavy fire. Close combat with submachine pistols and hand grenades ensued as they struggled to reclaim their ground, meter upon meter. After 700 meters and under Russian artillery fire, heavy German casualties and growing enemy resistance ground the German attack to a halt. Contact with their right flank could not be established. That night, Brosow and his men recaptured the remaining ground during a sweeping night-assault with flamethrowers. The German attack completely routed those Russian units that had breached the German lines, to include two Soviet battalions that were staging for an attack. Siegfried Brosow and his men not only ejected the Russian presence within the German lines, but they also removed the Russian threat of splitting the divisional forward positions of "Das Reich" in two. The Russians were denied use of the main road that led to the only bridge over the Worskla river.
For this action Brosow was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 13 November 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20558550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558550" title="Gibbs Street Pedestrian Bridge">
Gibbs Street Pedestrian Bridge

The Gibbs Street Pedestrian Bridge, more formally known as the US Congresswoman Darlene Hooley Pedestrian Bridge at Gibbs Street, is an approximately pedestrian bridge in Portland, Oregon, United States, which opened on July 14, 2012. It connects the Lair Hill neighborhood with the South Waterfront area. It is a steel box girder bridge, a change from the original plans for an extradosed bridge, made to reduce the project's cost. 
The bridge crosses I-5 and SW Macadam Avenue, and connects SW Kelly Avenue on the west side to SW Moody Avenue on the east side. At the Moody Avenue end there is a stop on the Portland Streetcar's NS Line, and the Portland Aerial Tram's lower terminus is located across the street. Construction began in January 2011, and was completed in June 2012.
Background.
The project dates back to 2005 with approval of the federal Transportation Equity Act of 2005 which dedicated $5 million to the project.
The preliminary design was approved by the Portland City Council on December 3, 2008. It was originally to be an extradosed-type bridge. In the first round of bidding, the project exceeded the allotted budget, and consequently needed to be rescaled. This in turn delayed the timeline and led to a simpler design. After undergoing technical engineering design and detailed neighborhood impact assessment, the refined project was opened to bidding in autumn 2010, and the city council awarded a $6.7 million construction contract to Wildish Standard Paving Company of Eugene.
The overall budget, originally anticipated to be between $7 million and 
$11.3 million, is expected to be met mostly by federal funds, with ten percent local funding. Early public opinion was mixed, but turned favorable as the plan progressed, particularly by those living nearby. One of the provisions of the 2002–2006 tram construction was to bury existing powerlines in the underlying neighborhoods, but those plans were dropped when the highly controversial tram project encountered significant budget overruns. The pedestrian bridge was another mitigating concession promised.
The $11.3 million congressional allotment may have been to also pay for a study to improve access to the Ross Island Bridge. Eastbound traffic for the bridge frequently clogs the Lair Hill neighborhood while waiting to merge. Mayor Sam Adams has said that whatever funds are left over from the Gibbs Bridge project can be used for studying the Ross Island auto-access problem.
The bridge was dedicated on July 14, 2012, and given the formal name US Congresswoman Darlene Hooley Pedestrian Bridge at Gibbs Street in honor of retired representative Darlene Hooley.
Description, usage.
To compensate for the 70-foot elevation difference at the ends of the bridge, an elevator and a bicycle stairway was built at the South Waterfront end to serve the five-story height. It includes a 132-step stairway with rest areas.
Estimates of existing demand indicate that if the bridge opened in 2009, summertime usage would total 466 crossings per day, composed half of bicycle use and half pedestrian use. With school in session, fall usage is expected to increase to 730 crossings per day: 310 by bicycle and 420 pedestrians.
By 2035, usage is estimated at 3,000 to 4,000 crossings per day.

</doc>
<doc id="20558551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558551" title="Vermont Route 108">
Vermont Route 108

Vermont Route 108 is a north–south state highway in northern Vermont, United States. Its southern terminus is at VT 100 in Stowe, and its northern terminus is at the Canadian border in Franklin, where it continues into Quebec past the West Berkshire–Frelighsburg Border Crossing as Route 237. VT 108 is long.
Route description.
VT 108 passes through the area of the Mount Mansfield State Forest. It starts in Stowe and goes through Smugglers' Notch to Jeffersonville. The road cuts through Mount Mansfield. The road is very steep and turning, making impossible to plow in the winter. Tractor-trailers are barred from this section, and large straight trucks, buses and RVs are strongly encouraged to find other routes year-round. However, skiers come from alternate routes to cross-country, downhill ski, and snow mobile in the Smuggler's Notch Resort. Along the road, there are small parking areas where rock climbing and hiking are popular.

</doc>
<doc id="20558573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558573" title="Daily Bread Food Bank">
Daily Bread Food Bank

The Daily Bread Food Bank (DBFB) is a non-denominational Canadian charity organisation that strives to end hunger in urban communities. The organisation is based in Toronto, Ontario, and feeds thousands of low income people a year. They also provide valuable resources to the same demographic in order to find them financial assistance and support when needed. The Daily Bread Food Bank is the largest food bank in Canada and was founded in 1983.
80% of donations come from big companies, while the remaining 20% comes from the general public. The food bank works mostly on public donations, and donations from food companies, which are especially solicited around Christmas, Easter, and Thanksgiving.
Events.
Every year, Daily Bread is the beneficiary of hundreds of events and drives throughout the city organized by thousands of volunteers.
HoHoTO.
HoHoTO, called "the party that twitter built", is one of the largest third-party community events in support of Daily Bread. Since 2008, it has been organized by Toronto's media and technology community as a party fundraiser and held each mid-December at the Virgin Mobile Mod Club. The event has raised over $250,000 for the Daily Bread in the last five years, as well as four tonnes of food. HoHoTO has been cited as an example of social action by Twitter co-founder, Biz Stone, BoingBoing co-founder Cory Doctorow, Queen Rania of Jordan, and was referenced as a case study in a business book.

</doc>
<doc id="20558591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558591" title="Giovanni Battista Bussi de Pretis">
Giovanni Battista Bussi de Pretis

Giovanni Battista Bussi de Pretis (Urbino, 11 September 1721 – Jesi, 27 June 1800) was an Italian cleric promoted by Pope Pius VI to the rank of cardinal in the consistory of 21 February 1794.

</doc>
<doc id="20558598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558598" title="U.S. Venture Partners">
U.S. Venture Partners

U.S. Venture Partners (USVP), is a venture capital investment firm headquartered on Sand Hill Road in Silicon Valley focusing on investments in an array of segments including semiconductors, software as a service, communications, storage, wireless, Internet 2.0, Cleantech, Medical devices and pharmaceuticals.
Since its inception USVP has invested more than $2.7 billion in over 450 companies across a broad range of industries. Seventy-four of these companies have completed an initial public offering.
History.
Founded by Bill Bowes, Stuart Moldaw and Robert Sackman in 1981, U.S. Venture Partners was an early entrant to the burgeoning venture capital industry in Silicon Valley in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Bill Bowes, who is the last remaining founding partner at USVP had worked as a venture capitalist prior to USVP working with companies including Cetus, Raychem Corporation and Dymo Industries. At USVP Bill led the firm's investments in Sun Microsystems, Advanced Cardiovascular Systems, Applied Biosystems, Devices for Vascular Intervention, Glycomed and Ventritex. Bill was also the founding shareholder of Amgen and the company's first Chairman. He had previously worked for investment banking Blyth Eastman Dillon & Company and later Blyth Eastman Paine Webber from 1978 until 1980.
Stuart Moldaw was best known for founding Ross Dress for Less. Robert Sackman was best known for his role in the founding of Sun Microsystems
In 2008, USVP closed its $640m tenth fund (USVP X), which the firm is currently investing out of.
Portfolio companies.
The firm's current investment portfolio is active in a number of market segments including biopharmaceuticals, cleantech, enterprise applications, enterprise networks and storage, internet and consumer, medical devices, mobile computing and communications, semiconductors, technical software, telecommunications and 'other'.
Historical investments.
Among the firm's most notable investments are Sun Microsystems, Callaway Golf, St. Francis Medical, Restoration Hardware, Ross Stores, Ask Jeeves, Adify, Revolution Money, PetSmart and SanDisk.
Other former portfolio companies include 3dfx Interactive, 3ware, Advanced Cardiovascular Systems, Applied Micro Circuits Corporation (AMCC), Artisan Components, Avenue A, Blue Martini Software, Brion, CacheFlow, Cadmos, CardioThoracic Systems, Centillium, Checkpoint Software Technologies, Concur Technologies, Crescendo Communications, Cryovascular, EPIC Design Technology, GetThere, Gymboree, Ilypsa, Leadis Technology, Lynx, Mellanox, MMC Networks, Microvention, NeoMagic, NetDynamics, Netro, New Focus, Nuance, PDF Solutions, QuickLogic, Rasna, Sagent Technologies, StrataCom, TelCom Semiconductor, Trovix, Ventritex, Verity, Vical, Vontu, Xylan.

</doc>
<doc id="20558607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558607" title="Kathleen McGinty">
Kathleen McGinty

Kathleen Alana "Katie" McGinty is an American environmentalist and government official. An advisor to Vice President Al Gore, she became a key environmental advisor to President Bill Clinton. Later, she served as Secretary of Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection in the Cabinet of Governor Ed Rendell. Prior to the nomination of Lisa P. Jackson, she was mentioned as a possible United States Environmental Protection Agency Administrator under President Barack Obama, and as a possible candidate to succeed Ed Rendell as Governor of Pennsylvania, but was not a candidate in the 2010 election. McGinty is a candidate for Governor of Pennsylvania in 2014.
Early life and education.
The ninth of ten children of a retired police officer and a hostess, McGinty was born in Philadelphia. She graduated High School from St. Hubert Catholic High School for Girls, in Northeast Philadelphia. She graduated with a B.S. in chemistry from Saint Joseph’s University and a J.D. from Columbia Law School.
Business career.
Kathleen McGinty recently left her position as Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Strategic Growth at Weston Solutions, Inc., an environmental redevelopment and specialty construction firm to devote her full-time to an announced run for Governor of Pennsylvania. Weston Solutions, Inc. was founded 60 years ago and now does business in 60 offices across the United States and in India and Taiwan. Joining the company in October 2010, Ms. McGinty leads Weston Solutions Inc.’s brownfield redevelopment, clean energy and water businesses. Ms. McGinty also chairs the Investment Committee at Weston Solutions, Inc., a board charged with reviewing and approving proposed equity and debt commitments across our various sustainability opportunities.
Ms. McGinty is an Operating Partner of Element Partners, a clean technology investment firm. She serves on the board of directors at NRG Energy, Inc., a leading wholesale power company, and Iberdrola USA, a gas and electric utility. She is a member of two shale gas advisory boards, one established by U.S. Secretary of Energy Steven Chu and one created by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. Ms. McGinty also serves as a Director on the Board of the World Resources Institute, a global non-profit organization focused on sustainability, and formerly as Secretary of the Board of Trustees of her alma mater, Saint Joseph’s University.
Political career.
On Friday, April 12, 2013, Ms. McGinty announced she will be a candidate for Governor of Pennsylvania in 2014.
A native of Philadelphia, PA, Ms. McGinty was appointed by Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell as Secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (PADEP), where she served from January 2003 until July 2008. During her tenure, she helped attract leading clean energy companies to Pennsylvania, bringing a billion dollars in new investment and creating 3000 new jobs in the state. Ms. McGinty chaired the Pennsylvania Energy Development Authority, investing in and supporting energy infrastructure projects across the commonwealth. She also instituted a new approach to clean water requirements that encourages watershed protection as an economically and environmentally attractive alternative to conventional, chemical- and energy-intensive water treatment methods. Additionally, she required substantial cuts in toxic mercury pollution from power plants and tailpipe emissions from transportation fleets.
Prior to her tenure as Secretary of the PADEP, Ms. McGinty held various national and international public policy positions. A recipient of the Congressional Fellowship of the American Chemical Society, Ms. McGinty was legislative assistant to then-Senator Al Gore from 1989 to 1993. She became Deputy Assistant to President Bill Clinton and chaired the White House Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ) from 1993 to 1998. After leaving the CEQ, Ms. McGinty spent a year in India as a Senior Visiting Fellow at the Tata Energy Research Institute. There she worked to increase cooperation on environmental issues and forge new advanced energy technology business ventures between the U.S. and Indian governments. She returned to the U.S. in 2000 and served as an adviser to former Vice President Al Gore during his presidential campaign, and later became Vice President for Asset Management at Natsource LLC, a company involved in energy and environmental transactions.
Awards and Honors.
Ms. McGinty holds honorary Doctorate degrees from Clarion State University, Dickinson, and Muhlenberg College. She was named a “Global Leader for Tomorrow” by the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. She is the recipient of numerous awards including the “Business Leader of the Year” award of the Women’s Network for a Sustainable Future; the “Woman of the Year Award” of the Women’s Council on Energy and the Environment; the “All the Right Stuff” award of the Apollo Alliance, and the “Ansel Adams “ award of the Wilderness Society.
Education.
Juris Doctor - Columbia University School of Law
Bachelor of Science in chemistry - St. Joseph’s University
Personal life.
Ms. McGinty is married to Dr. Karl Hausker. They have three daughters and reside in Wayne, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20558611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558611" title="C.D. 33">
C.D. 33

Club Deportivo 33, was a professional football team in San Salvador, El Salvador.
C.D. 33 won two national tournament finals in 1937 (3-1 vs. C.D. Alacranes) and in 1938 (10-3 vs. C.D. Maya). In 1938, C.D. 33 won the central zone in El Salvador. Since there was no official national tournament held that year, this central region zone title is considered a national title. On August 1940, the club renamed themselves as Atletico Espana and ceased to exist as Deportivo 33.

</doc>
<doc id="20558619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558619" title="Bathtub refinishing">
Bathtub refinishing

Bathtub refinishing also known as bathtub resurfacing, bathtub reglazing or bathtub re-enameling is the process of refreshing the surface of a worn, damaged bathtub to a like-new condition. This process typically involves repairing any damaged areas. Chips or cracks are repaired using Bondo or another type of polyester putty. After repairs are made the surface is prepped with an acid etching, some new refinishing processes do not require the use of etching. After preparing the surface primer is applied, followed by a top coat. Generally, a synthetic white coating is applied, but the coating does not have the durability or abrasive tolerance of the original glass-enamel coating of a factory-new bathtub.
Coatings used to create a new bathtub finish can be epoxies, urethanes, or polymers. These coatings may be rolled, brushed, or sprayed on.
Bathtub refinishing is possible using DIY kits from hardware stores, but some may choose a professional service company offering refinishing services.
Hazards.
Findings from the Fatality Assessment and Control Evaluation (FACE) program have identified at least 14 worker deaths since 2000 related to the usage of methylene chloride for bathtub refinishing. Products containing high percentages of methylene chloride are used as stripping agents in the process, to remove the old coating on the bathtubs. In an unventilated setting, overexposure to methylene chloride vapors can affect brain function and result in death in the short term, with possible carcinogenic effects in the long term.
Measures to prevent overexposure to methylene chloride include the usage of stripping agents that do not contain methylene chloride, the implementation of adequate local exhaust ventilation, and the provision of appropriate personal protective equipment (i.e. respirators). Using long-handled tools can also prevent workers from leaning in too close to the bathtub during the stripping process.

</doc>
<doc id="20558648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558648" title="Dirty Dancing (song)">
Dirty Dancing (song)

"Dirty Dancing" is the third overall single from New Kids on the Block's 2008 album, "The Block". It was produced by RedOne. The lead vocals were sung by Jordan Knight and Donnie Wahlberg.
Song information.
"Dirty Dancing" was only released in Germany on December 19, 2008, as the second single from the album in that market. However, the song has charted in Canada, Austria and on the European Hot 100. It became "The Block"'s most successful single in Europe.
Critical reception.
British tabloid The News Letter described the song as "more sophisticated than the blaring, synth-heavy pop of their classic years".
In its review of "The Block", Sputnik Music said: "to the wafer-thin sexual metaphors of ‘Dirty Dancing’". Slant Magazine said: "they show their age by pretending it's still 1987 on "Dirty Dancing" ("Ooh, it's so crazy/She's like Baby/I'm like Swayze")". In its review of "The Block", The Onion's A.V. Club stated that "in songs like "Dirty Dancing" they… well, they merely sound like a boy band, and pay for the simple incongruity of it all" Now Magazine comments on the song: "Throwback references date their fan base, though, with songs like Dirty Dancing (“She’s like Baby, I’m like Swayze”)".
British newspaper "Lisburn Today" described it as "sexy". In its review of "The Block", "Billboard" declared: "They also turn an homage to "Dirty Dancing" into a bump and grind that is far, far from the innocence of the Patrick Swayze original, or the New Kids music, for that matter".
Promotion.
New Kids On The Block sang an excerpt from the song at 2008 American Music Awards as well as Good Morning America.
Music video.
Shot in the middle ages background, the video shows a capture of the band performing the song with mostly all-female audience. The music video is intercut with scenes from the German film "The 1½ Knights - In Search of the Ravishing Princess Herzelinde" (German title: "1½ Ritter - Auf der Suche nach der hinreißenden Herzelinde"). The music video is directed by Til Schweiger, who is part of the film.
Track listing.
Germany
Maxi Single
Chart performance.
The song debuted at #92 on the German Singles Chart and peaked at #23. On the Canadian Hot 100 it also debuted at #92 and is now at #31 and on the Hot Canadian Digital Singles Chart debuted at #72 and then rose to #59. It debuted at #100 on the Canadian Airplay Chart and it peaked at #72. The single debuted at #82 on the European Hot 100. In its second week, it rose to #76. The song remained on chart for four weeks. In Austria, the song debuted at #65 and after having fallen a week later, rose to #71 in its third week on the chart.
"Dirty Dancing" has gathered 17,577,000 audience impressions and 3,354 total spins in the United States of America to date, without being officially released.
"Dirty Dancing" reached the #1 position on the CHUM chart in Toronto on February 21, 2009. "Dirty Dancing" has been on the CHUM Chart 12 weeks before reaching #1.

</doc>
<doc id="20558654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558654" title="Willow Brook Connector">
Willow Brook Connector

The Willow Brook Connector is a unsigned expressway in the town of Berlin, Connecticut. The road is designated but not signed as State Road 571. It gets its name from Willow Brook Park, which begins on the north side of the roadway as one heads into the city of New Britain, or to New Britain Stadium for a baseball game.
Route description.
The expressway begins at the intersection of Route 71A (High Road) and Route 372 (Corbin Avenue) at the northern end of Berlin (near the New Britain city line). It proceeds eastward through Willow Brook and Hungerford Parks. The highway has an unnumbered interchange with Route 71 about later. The highway ends half a mile later as it merges into southbound Route 9. Access from Route 9 is only possible from the northbound direction via Exit 24.
History.
The road opened in the early 1960s when what would become the Route 72 Expressway (part of Route 9 today) opened from this road south to the junction of the Berlin Turnpike (U.S. Route 5/Route 15) in Berlin. The entire highway has also been designated as part of the "Polish Legion of American Veterans Memorial Highway".

</doc>
<doc id="20558659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558659" title="Sainte-Madeleine Church, Strasbourg">
Sainte-Madeleine Church, Strasbourg

The Sainte-Madeleine Church ("Église Sainte-Madeleine", German: "Magdalenenkirche") is a Catholic church in Strasbourg, France, which was built in Gothic style in the late 15th century, but largely rebuilt in a style close to Jugendstil after a devastating fire in 1904. Destroyed again during World War II, the church was re-constructed in its modern form. 
This is the fourth building dedicated to Mary Magdalene built in the city since the 13th century. The church is classified as a historic monument by a decree of 6 December 1898.
History and architecture.
The first convent dedicated to Mary Magdalene was built in 1225 on the outskirts of the city of Strasbourg, on the site of the current "place de la République". The institution, which welcomed repentant prostitutes, was evacuated and then destroyed around 1470, since the city feared imminent invasion by the armies of the Duke of Burgundy.
A new convent was rebuilt in the Krutenau district. The Gothic church of the convent of the sisters of the order of St. Mary Magdalene ("Ordo Sanctae Mariae of magdalenae poenitentia"), completed in 1478, was destroyed by fire in 1904. All that remains of this church, the last Gothic structure built in Strasbourg, is the choir housing fragments of some frescoes. It now serves as a chapel, dedicated to the Blessed Sacrament. Remains of the once abundant stained glass windows that decorated the church are shown in the Musée de l’Œuvre Notre-Dame. John Calvin had made sermons and directed services in that church .
The church which is currently perpendicular to the earlier building was built in 1907 according to plans by Fritz Beblo and is more spacious and airy. It has a barrel vault, based on the model of St. Michael's Church, Munich and a conspicuous belltower. Severely damaged by Anglo-American bombing on 11 August 1944, it was rebuilt, true to Beblo's original, in 1958.
A part of the former cloisters from the earlier convent can still be seen, surrounding the adjacent school building.
Organ.
An organ was purchased from Andreas Silbermann on 17 February 1716 and was completed in 1718. It had a manual and an echo - on a specific keyboard - and separate pedals. The instrument was sold in 1799 to the city of Lampertheim, before vanishing in 1876.
The church then owned a first Roethinger organ, which was destroyed during the bombing of 1944. It was then endowed with a second Roethinger organ, which was inaugurated by Michel Chapuis and Robert Pfrimmer on 28 November 1965. It was completely rebuilt by Michel Wolf of "Manufacture d'orgues alsacienne" in 1997 and 1998, but the harmonization was not modified. Work was done on the cabinet in 2004. The organ was then restored by the firm of Alfred et Daniel Kern, which replaced the keyboards.
External links.
"This article incorporates text translated from the corresponding French Wikipedia article as of 17 July 2008".

</doc>
<doc id="20558667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558667" title="2-Chlorobenzoic acid">
2-Chlorobenzoic acid

2-Chlorobenzoic acid is a simple organic compound which can be used as a chemical building block. It may be synthesized by the oxidation of 2-chlorotoluene with potassium permanganate.
It can be synthesized by diazotization. It follows Sandmeyer reaction. 
It is irritant for the respiratory system and eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="20558687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558687" title="Congregation for Borders">
Congregation for Borders

The Congregation for Borders ("Congregazione dei Confini") was a congregation of the Roman curia. It was set up by pope Urban VIII in his apostolic constitution of "Debitum pastoralis officii" on 1 October 1627 to oversee the borders of the Papal States and suppressed in 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="20558691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558691" title="Mindblossom">
Mindblossom

Mindblossom is a Canadian Digital Marketing Agency who are owned by Aegis Media and are part of the Isobar network, the world’s largest digital marketing network.
Based out of Toronto, Canada, Mindblossom was founded in 2001 and since then have added additional offices in Atlanta, Georgia and Montreal, Quebec. As of November 2007, Mindblossom operates as a subsidiary of Aegis Media Canada.
Operations.
The following companies are also owned by Aegis Media and belong to the Mindblossom family;

</doc>
<doc id="20558692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558692" title="C.D. Maya">
C.D. Maya

C.D. Maya, full name Club Deportivo Maya, was a professional soccer team in Quezaltepeque, La Libertad.
History.
C.D. Maya won back-to-back championships in 1934-35 and 1935-36. These two championship wins are often considered as national titles, although no finals were played during these years. On January 13, 1939 the club merged with Juventud Olimpica to be named "Juventus", however one year the club reverted to its old name leaving for Club Maya to become defunct.

</doc>
<doc id="20558704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558704" title="St Michael and All Angels' Church, Bartley Green">
St Michael and All Angels' Church, Bartley Green

St. Michael and All Angels' Church, Bartley Green is a parish church in the Church of England located in Bartley Green, Birmingham.
History.
St. Michael and All Angels church is located within Bartley Green. It was built as a chapel of ease to St. Laurence, Northfield. Construction of the church commenced in 1838 and was consecrated in 1840. It was by the architect Isaac Newry. At the time it was a small L-shaped, Gothic building. It was enlarged in 1878 with the addition of sanctuary and chancel. In 1933, it became a chapel of ease to St. Gabriel's Church, Weoley Castle. A Conventional district was attached to St. Michael's in 1950, which became a parish in 1966. The church was demolished in 1968 after standing derelict for around two years. 
The construction of a new church began in the ward in 1964 and it was consecrated on 12 July 1966 to a design by H Norman Haines of London on Romsley Road. 
The church was built opposite the new Bartley Green Shopping Centre. The site was given to the church by the Birmingham Corporation in 1964. In 1977, St Francis Church Centre was constructed in the Glenside area of Bartley Green. They are both part of the Diocese of Birmingham.
St. Michael and All Angels church produced a newsletter named ""The Parish Messenger"" which recorded the activities of the church. It was published twice a month from 1947 until October 1951 where it was published monthly. Publishing stopped in 1956. The ""Bartley Green Pictorial"" was first published in September 1967 and existed until 1975. It was then succeeded by the "Bartley Angel" from 1976 to 1981 which in turn was followed by "One Voice" from 1981 to 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20558730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558730" title="Committee for the Defense of Prisoners' Rights">
Committee for the Defense of Prisoners' Rights

Committee for the Defense of Prisoners' Rights, also translated as Defending the Rights of Prisoners, is an Iranian NGO dedicated to defending the rights of prisoners in the Islamic Republic of Iran. It was founded by human rights activist Emadeddin Baghi after he was sentenced to prison in 1999 when the Iranian judiciary closed the Khordad newspaper where he worked. According to the Financial Times, the committee has two waged staff, and "survives on membership fees from 65 people, donations and a decision by Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri, (a cleric once designated as successor to Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini as supreme leader), that it could accept religious dues."

</doc>
<doc id="20558748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558748" title="Palomas, Badajoz">
Palomas, Badajoz

Palomas is a Spanish town in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 703 (2007) and an area of 40.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20558767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558767" title="Mufumbwe">
Mufumbwe

Mufumbwe is a town of Mufumbwe District in the Northwestern Province of Zambia. It is located at 13°41'0S
24°48'0E with an altitude of 1069 metres (3510 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20558770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558770" title="Clarinet quintet">
Clarinet quintet

A clarinet quintet is a chamber musical ensemble made up of one clarinet, plus the standard string quartet of two violins, one viola, and one cello. The term is also used to refer to a piece written for this ensemble.
History.
One of the earliest and most influential works for this combination of instruments is Mozart's Quintet for Clarinet and Strings, K. 581, written for the clarinetist Anton Stadler in 1789. Although a few compositions for this ensemble were produced over the following years, including the Op. 34 clarinet quintet by Carl Maria von Weber, a composer famous for his solo clarinet compositions, it was not until Johannes Brahms composed his Clarinet Quintet in B minor, Op. 115 for Richard Mühlfeld that the clarinet quintet began to receive considerable attention from composers.

</doc>
<doc id="20558783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558783" title="Stringer (surname)">
Stringer (surname)

Stringer (pronounced to rhyme with "ringer") is an English occupational surname originally for a maker of rope or strings, and especially those for the famous English longbows used for both hunting and war. It is based on an agent derivative of the Old English "streng", meaning "string," which is in turn based on the Old Norse "strengr". In Yorkshire, where it is still particularly common, George (?) Redmonds argues that the surname may have been connected with ironworking, a stringer having operated some form of specialist hearth. 
Early examples of the surname recorded in authentic registers and charters of the medieval period include:
The first recorded spelling of the family name is believed to be that of Walter Stringere, which was dated 1194, in the Curia Regis Rolls for Wiltshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20558800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558800" title="Granada Bridge (Ormond Beach)">
Granada Bridge (Ormond Beach)

The Granada Bridge is a high-clearance bridge that spans the Halifax River and Intracoastal Waterway, linking the mainland and beach peninsula parts of Ormond Beach, Volusia County, Florida. Granada Bridge carries four lanes of State Road 40 and Granada Blvd. The Casements, along with City Hall Plaza, Fortunato Park, and Riverbridge Park reside at the four corners of Ormond Beach's Granada Bridge, which give their collective name to the annual "Four Corners Festival" in Ormond Beach.
In September 1999, the bridge was crossed by about 24,000 cars every day. By January 2007, that number increased to approximately 35,500 vehicles per day.
History.
The Town of Ormond was incorporated March 22, 1880. There were few residents on the beach peninsula until 1886, when the St. Johns and Halifax Railroad reached the area. The railroad brought new visitors, which inspired John Anderson and Joseph Price to build the Ormond Hotel on the beachside. They also planned to build a bridge across the Halifax River so railroad passengers could walk to their new hotel.
First bridge.
In 1887, Florida Congressman Charles Dougherty sponsored three bills, authorizing the building of bridges in Volusia County, across the Halifax River, St. Johns River, and Indian Lagoon. In that same year, La Vega, which itself was called New England Avenue in 1875, was renamed to Granada Boulevard. The towns of Ormond and Daytona competed to build the first bridge across the Halifax River. In 1887, Anderson and Price managed to finish their bridge in Ormond first. It was a simple wooden bridge, with a drawbridge device for boats to pass.
Second bridge.
Florida East Coast Railway owner Henry M. Flagler bought out the St. Johns and Halifax Railroad, and bought into the Ormond Hotel. By 1890, Flagler bought out his partners' interest in the hotel and expanded it to 300 rooms. In 1905, Flagler built a second bridge near the first as a railroad spur so his trains could carry passengers directly to the resort. Later, Flagler had the railroad bridge redesigned so wealthy visitors could drive automobiles over it to the hotel. The first wooden bridge was demolished soon afterward.
Third bridge.
The converted railroad bridge stood for many years until it became too old to be serviced. A newer, two-lane wooden bascule bridge (drawbridge) was constructed to carry Granada Boulevard. It was opened on March 2, 1954, and named the Rockefeller Memorial Bridge for Standard Oil billionaire John D. Rockefeller, who had made The Casements in Ormond his winter and retirement home until he died in 1937.
Fourth bridge.
The widening of State Road 40 in the 1980s created the need for a new bridge. During the construction of Granada Bridge, a platform collapsed and caused three workers to fall more than 60 feet onto a barge, with one falling to his death. The Florida State Department of Transportation was in charge of the bridge construction, and built the present four-lane high clearance concrete and steel bridge in 1983. In May 1987, the U.S. federal government agreed to provide $8.16 million of the estimated $12 million cost of building a Port Orange, Florida bridge planned to be similar to the Granada Bridge. The resulting bridge across the Halifax River, the Port Orange Causeway across the Halifax River, was completed in 1990.
In July 1997, a kitten named Lucky fell from a truck on the Granada Bridge and, after scrambling to safety from other moving cars, fell from the bridge. Lucky suffered a broken leg and acute kidney failure in the fall, and was rescued from a barnacle-covered piling by the U.S. Department of Transportation. His owners considered putting him down after learning of his bad shape and the expense of a kidney transplant. When Lucky's story was released to the public, donations poured in to help pay for the transplant. The survival of Lucky, whose name was changed to Timmy following the accident, was called "miraculous" by his attending veterinarian.
Bicycle lanes are marked in the shoulder of the span and two pedestrian walkways at the far ends. The bridge is part of the "Ormond Scenic Loop and Trail", a Florida Scenic Highway, designated on July 9, 2007.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20558844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558844" title="Libertad F.C.">
Libertad F.C.

Libertad F.C., full name Libertad Futbol Club, was a professional soccer team in La Libertad, La Libertad, El Salvador.
History.
In 1946, Libertad F.C. won their first and only national title, defeating Oriental Zone winners C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo and Occidental Zone winners Once Municipal in a national final round tournament. Libertad F.C. were the Central Zone winners. In the final round, they won three games, defeating C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo twice and Once Municipal once. The final scheduled game vs. Once Municipal that tournament was not played due to irrelevance of the game, having already clinched the national title. In the 1948-49 national season league, Libertad F.C. finished runners-up, with a record of 14 wins, 8 draws and 2 losses.

</doc>
<doc id="20558942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558942" title="Williamsbridge Reservoir">
Williamsbridge Reservoir

Williamsbridge Reservoir was a natural lake (despite its name) measuring just south of Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx, New York. Specifically the body of water was located at 208th Street and Bainbridge Avenue. It was shaped like a saucer and was normally forty-one feet deep Its water level dropped approximately fourteen feet in mid-August 1901. On April 3, 1934 Commissioner of Water Supply, Gas and Electricity, Maurice P. Davidson, proposed that it be offered to Robert Moses to be used as a park site. The reservoir had ceased to be used after 1919.
History of reservoir site.
A site for the Montefiore Home, first organized in 1884, was acquired in the West Bronx, between Columbia Oval and the Williamsbridge Reservoir, in January 1910. On the plot a hospital for treating various diseases replaced the previous site of the Montefiore Home, a building at Broadway (Manhattan) between 137th Street and 138th Street.
In June 1928 a four-year-old boy, Frederic Fleishaus, of 3315 Rochambeau Avenue, the Bronx, drowned in Williamsbridge Reservoir. He gained access to the water through a small opening in an eight foot fence which had been erected for protection.
The Williamsbridge Reservoir property came under the control of the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation on June 27, 1934. A new sport and play area covering opened there on September 11, 1937. A Works Progress Administration project, the facilities cost $1,500,000 to build.
The Keeper's House at Williamsbridge Reservoir was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20558987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20558987" title="Ballon d'Or 2007">
Ballon d'Or 2007

The 2007 Ballon d'Or, given to the best football player in the world as judged by an international panel of sports journalists, was awarded to Kaká. This was the first year in which players from clubs outside of the UEFA federation could be eligible for nomination, this change also lead to an increase in the voting pool to include journalists from outside UEFA countries. 
Kaká was the fourth Brazilian national to win the award after Ronaldo (1997, 2002), Rivaldo (1999), and Ronaldinho (2005). He was the sixth AC Milan player to win the trophy after Gianni Rivera (1969), Ruud Gullit (1987), Marco van Basten (1988, 1989, 1992), George Weah (1995), and Andriy Shevchenko (2004).
Rankings.
Additionally, the following fifteen players were nominated but received no votes: Éric Abidal (Lyon, Barcelona), David Beckham (Real Madrid, Los Angeles Galaxy), Deco (Barcelona), Mahamadou Diarra (Real Madrid), Diego (Werder Bremen), Miroslav Klose (Werder Bremen, Bayern Munich), Florent Malouda (Lyon, Chelsea), Shunsuke Nakamura (Celtic), Ricardo Quaresma (Porto), Raúl (Real Madrid), Paul Scholes (Manchester United), Luca Toni (Fiorentina, Bayern Munich), Kolo Touré (Arsenal), Fernando Torres (Atlético Madrid, Liverpool), and David Villa (Valencia).

</doc>
<doc id="20559050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559050" title="C.D. Santiagueño">
C.D. Santiagueño

Club Deportivo Santiagueño is a Salvadoran professional football club from Santiago de María, Usulután.
C.D. Santiagueño won the Salvadoran Premier Division title in the 1979-80 season.
History.
1979-1980.
After clinching fourth place in the regular league season, the club won the national title in the final round. In the final group round of four teams, Santiagueño beat Águila, FAS and Independiente Nacional 1906 to finish top of the group with five wins and only one defeat.
Subsequent years.
The following season, in 1980-81, they clinched the regular season league title. In the finals, however, they fell short to Atlético Marte, losing 2-1 in the first leg, and 3-1 in the second leg. Both games were played in the Estadio Cuscatlán. Despite winning the title two years previous the team were relegated to Second Division in 1982.
They were relegated from the Third Division in 2007.
Notable players.
El Salvador
Brazil
Chile
Notable coaches.
Chile
El Salvador
Guatemala

</doc>
<doc id="20559059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559059" title="ABA Coach of the Year Award">
ABA Coach of the Year Award


</doc>
<doc id="20559068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559068" title="Self Made Man">
Self Made Man

"Self Made Man" is the 20th episode (11th of the second season) of the United States television series "" ("T:TSCC"). Aired on , "Self Made Man" explores Cameron's nighttime activities of enlisting help to research a Terminator's presence in the past, as well as John Connor's continuing relationship with .
Plot.
Written by Toni Graphia, the plot of "Self Made Man" consists of two separate storylines.
While the Connors sleep, Cameron (Summer Glau) secretly visits the library and her friend, bone cancer survivor and nighttime library attendant, Eric (Billy Lush); it's revealed that Cameron has been doing this regularly to improve her human disguise and infiltration capabilities. After discovering the 1920 photograph of a T-888 model Terminator (Todd Stashwick), Cameron uses the library's resources to deduce that it time travelled to the wrong date. The T-888, having accidentally killed the architect of a downtown landmark (Pico Tower) crucial to its original mission of assassinating the governor of California in 2010, it invented a new identity: 1920s Los Angeles realty magnate, Myron Stark. As Stark, the T-888 funded and designed the building itself before ensconcing itself inside a wall to wait for New Year's Eve 2010. Returning to the library after finding and tending to Stark, Cameron damages her relationship with Eric by revealing to him that his cancer has returned; the following night however, Eric is missing, but Cameron is unconcerned and succeeds in wooing the new attendant with the doughnuts she had brought for Eric.
Simultaneously with Cameron's escapades, John (Thomas Dekker) also sneaks out of the house, responding to a phone call from (Leven Rambin). Meeting her at a house party in Van Nuys, they leave after John beats up the host (Oren Dayan) for accosting Riley—who stole his lighter. Driving to a vista overlooking Los Angeles, John and Riley discuss their relationship and supposed foster family backgrounds. The official "T:TSCC" blog revealed that John Connor's fight was written knowing that he's still dealing with posttraumatic stress disorder and having killed earlier in the season.
Production.
"Self Made Man" is the third "T:TSCC" episode written by Toni Graphia, whereas it was director Holly Dale's first foray into the "Terminator" franchise. Graphia vetted the episode's historical information alongside "T:TSCC" department heads, and History for Hire, a prop house specializing in period pieces. All of the 1920s scenes were shot on the Warner Bros. backlot, which itself was inaugurated during the same era. "Myron Stark's" meeting Rudolph Valentino (Branden R. Morgan) at the premiere of "The Sheik" is the first occasion of the series referencing a real-life person. The fictional Pico Tower was written at the intersection of Pico Boulevard and 3rd Street, despite the two roadways running parallel in real life. Costume designer Amanda Friedland created the flapper-themed wardrobe for "Self Made Man". Production wrapped on "Self Made Man" on October 15, 2008.
Reception.
[Glau 2006-cropped.jpg|thumb|"The entire idea of Cameron would not work, conceptually, if [Summer Glau were not able to pull it off as an actress. And she does, continually surprising with the nuances of her performance."
Reviewing the episode for IGN, Travis Fickett extolled Summer Glau's performance, and held it up as an example of her acting ability keeping the whole series from failing. Fickett also explained that "Self Made Man" received better ratings than the preceding episodes of the series' second season. At the website Television Without Pity (TWoP), the staff review rated the episode a "C", and specifically took issue with the suspension of disbelief required for Cameron's ability to find anything and everything about the Myron Stark storyline in a closed public library; , 757 of their readers awarded it an average grade of "B+".
Though the series never specifically explains the three dots written on the Connors' basement wall in "", reviewers (including IGN, TWoP, and "Total Sci-Fi"s Owen Van Spall) attributed them to this episode's revelation of the Terminators' temporal triangulation ability. Van Spall and TWoP also noted the plot point of the T-888's mission to kill the Governor of California. Stark's assassination mission was to take place on New Year's Eve 2010, at which time Arnold Schwarzenegger would still be the Californian Governor (leaving office in January 2011); Schwarzenegger is the star of the first three "Terminator" films in the franchise, having premiered the role in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20559084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559084" title="Bridgeoporus nobilissimus">
Bridgeoporus nobilissimus

Bridgeoporus nobilissimus is a species of mushroom in the genus "Bridgeoporus". Commonly known both as the noble polypore and the fuzzy Sandozi, this fungus produces fruiting bodies that have been weighed up to ; it associates itself with very large (at least 1 m diameter) trees of species "Abies procera" (Noble fir), "Abies amabilis" (Pacific silver fir), or "Tsuga heterophylla" (western hemlock). "Bridgeoporus nobilissimus" causes a brown rot in its tree hosts.
Description.
"Bridgeoporus nobilissimus" has perennial, imbricate, sessile fruitbodies that measure  ×  × , and are shaped like a horse's hoof. Although the cap surface is typically brown or darker, it may appear green due to epimycotic associations with algae such as "Coccomyxa" or "Charicium" species.
The texture of the fruitbody is fibrous; it is rubbery and tough when fresh, but becomes hard and brittle when it is dry. The pores on the underside of the fruit body are round, approximately 2 per mm, and the tubes are 2–7 mm long in mature layers. There is a 2–3 millimeter layer thick layer of sterile tissue between pore layers.
Microscopic characteristics.
Microscopically, "B. nobilissimus" is characterized by simple-septate hyphae, pseudocystidia originating from the trama, closely appressed hyphae in fascicles on the upper surface of the pileus. The spore-bearing cells, the basidia, are 12–18 x 4–10 µm in size, pear-shaped, and 4-spored. Basidiospores are 5.5–6.5 x 3.5–4.5 µm, roughly ovoid in shape, hyaline, smooth and thin-walled.
Habitat and distribution.
This species is found singly or sometimes in overlapping layers on old trees ( diameter at breast height) of "Abies procera", and more rarely "Abies amabilis" or "Tsuga heterophylla". It has so far been found only in the Cascade Range in Washington and Oregon, as well as the Coast Range on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington. Species have been found at elevations of . Due to the scarcity of its mature tree hosts, it was listed in 1995 as an endangered species by the Oregon Natural Heritage Program, making it the first of the fungi to be listed as endangered by any private or public agency in the United States.
Taxonomy.
"Bridgeoporus nobilissimus" was named for William Bridge Cooke, who originally described "Oxyporus nobilissimus" in 1949. Species of genus "Oxyporus" cause white rot, and "O. nobilissimus" was originally placed in the genus despite not knowing definitively what type of rot it caused. In 1955, Lowe placed "O. nobilissimus" in the genus "Fomes", before the genus concept was narrowed. In 1996 the new genus "Bridgeoporus" was created to accommodate this species, in order to rectify the incompatibility within the "Oxyporus" placement.
Phylogenetic analyses of mitochondrial small-subunit rDNA sequences suggests that "B. nobilissimus" belongs in the hymenochaetoid clade, closely related to the genera "Oxyporus" and "Schizopora". The hymenochaetoid clade includes wood-decaying species previously classified in the families Corticiaceae, Polyporaceae and Stereaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20559104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559104" title="Calabrian regional election, 1970">
Calabrian regional election, 1970

The Calabrian regional election of 1970 took place on 7 June 1970.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party and Christian Democrat Antonio Guarasci formed a government with the support of the Italian Socialist Party and the other minor centre-left parties. Guarasci was replaced by Aldo Ferrara in 1974.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20559119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559119" title="We Can Do Better">
We Can Do Better

We Can Do Better (formerly known as the Archimedes Movement) (founded 2006) is a grassroots movement based in the U.S. state of Oregon, which aims to bring citizens and stakeholders together to design a health care system that "works better for everyone." It was founded by former Oregon governor John Kitzhaber, M.D. in January 2006. Kitzhaber's goal was to find a way to put money used for health care, which as of 2006 amounted to about $6.3 billion in Oregon, to better use. That year, it was one of three organizations that drew substantially increased funding levels from the Northwest Health Foundation; its grant funds totaled $82,000.
In 2007, members of the organization initially "crowded the steps" of the Oregon Capitol in support of a bill before the 2007 legislature to establish the Oregon Health Trust, but Kitzhaber later reversed his position, pulling his support from the bill and advising members of the organization that the then-current version of the bill did "not reflect the work…done by you through the Archimedes Movement."
The organization's goal was to create a national grass-roots effort to reform health care, starting in Oregon. It was founded on the belief that incremental change to existing health programs like Medicare and Medicaid will not be sufficient to solve their long-term problems, and that communities and coalitions outside the political world would need to form consensus around goals and values, and pressure lawmakers to make more fundamental changes.
The organization's executive director, Liz Baxter, has advocated for health policy reform to members of the Oregon Legislative Assembly. She also chairs the Oregon Health Insurance Exchange Board, established in 2011.
The Archimedes Movement is a member of the Oregon Health Reform Collaborative. The organization's original name was based on the ancient Greek mathematician Archimedes, who is as saying "Give me a lever and a place to stand, and I can move the Earth."

</doc>
<doc id="20559120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559120" title="Taplow Choirs">
Taplow Choirs

Taplow Choirs is a group of four choirs for young people which rehearse in the village of Taplow, UK. It was founded in September 2004 by Philip Viveash (Sainsbury's Choral Director of the Year 2002) after both conductors split from Berkshire Maestros (then Berkshire Young Musicians Trust). They held their first concert in the Christmas of 2004.
Choirs.
Taplow Children's Choir.
Founded in 2004 for children aged 6-12. The choir is not auditioned and functions as a training choir. The choir won the 'outstanding award' (first place) in the 2006 Music for Youth National Choral Festival Final in Symphony Hall, Birmingham by unanimous panel decision. They have recently recorded for 'The Choir' with Gareth Malone on BBC television and are making recordings for Sing Up[http://www.singup.org/, the National Singing Programme.
Taplow Girls' Choir.
Founded in 2004 for girls aged 9-15. Entrance is via audition only. In April 2007 they took part in an International Choral Competition in Celje, Slovenia and returned to the UK with Gold and Silver Medals and the Adjudicator's Special Prize for the best performance in the festival of a compulsory set piece. In 2008 they were named as 'Choir of the Day' at the Area Selection stage of the BBC Radio 3 'Choir of the Year' competition.
Taplow Boys' Choir.
Founded in 2004 for boys aged 9-14, Taplow Boys' Choir started with only 6 members but slowly grew to its current membership of about 25. Entrance is via voice test. In addition to their own concerts, Taplow Boys’ Choir has performed with a variety of groups which have included the Elgar Orchestra, the Adelaide Consort, Reading Phoenix Choir, Reading University Chorusand the Laurie Holloway jazz trio. In addition, Taplow Boys’ Choir has also supplied the boys’ chorus or soloists in performances with various adult choirs, including the St. Matthew Passion with both the Royal Free Singers[http://www.rfs.royal-windsor.com/ in Eton College Chapel and the Reading Bach Choir[http://www.readingbachchoir.org.uk/] in Reading Town Hall (Reading Museum); the Chichester Psalms and John Rutter Requiem for the Royal Free Singers; and Elijah for Newbury Festival Chorus and the English Chamber Orchestra.
Taplow Youth Choir.
Taplow Youth Choir was founded in late 2006 and accepts girls from age 16 and boys with broken or breaking voices from age 14. Entrance is via audition only. The choir reached the Music for Youth National Choral Festival Finalin 2007 and won the 'outstanding award' (first place) in 2008. They were subsequently invited to sing in the 2008 Schools' Prom at the Royal Albert Hall in London. The choir have also been on tour to Amsterdam and sung evensong in St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. In 2008 they won the BBC Radio 3 Youth Choir of the Year competition, giving them a place in the Grand Finals in December 2008, broadcast on BBC television. In April 2009 the choir toured Estonia and took part in the 11th International Choir Festival in Tallinn where they were awarded third prize in the Youth and Children's Category.

</doc>
<doc id="20559141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559141" title="España F.C.">
España F.C.

During the 1930s, España F.C. competed in the central zone soccer tournament that was held by the Salvadoran Sports Commission ("Comisión Nacional de Educación Física") as Deportivo 33. On 30 August 1940, Deportivo 33 renamed and rebranded themselves as Atletico Espana.
In 1940, España F.C. won the central zone tournament. Since there was no official national soccer tournament in El Salvador that year, this championship is considered as the national title. After 1941, the club dissolved.
España F.C played their home matches at the Estadio Nacional de la Flor Blanca

</doc>
<doc id="20559156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559156" title="Sheepeater Cliff">
Sheepeater Cliff

The Sheepeater Cliffs are a series of exposed cliffs made up of columnar basalt in Yellowstone National Park in the United States. The lava was deposited about 500,000 years ago during one of the periodic basaltic floods in Yellowstone Caldera, and later exposed by the Gardner River. The cliffs are noted as a textbook example of a basaltic flow with well defined joints and hexagonal columns. They were named after a band of Eastern Shoshone known as "Tukuaduka" (sheep eaters). Many of the exposed cliffs are located along a steep inaccessible canyon cut by the Gardner near Bunsen Peak, but some of the cliffs located just off the Grand Loop Road can be reached by car. 

</doc>
<doc id="20559163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559163" title="Ramūnas Stonkus">
Ramūnas Stonkus

Club career.
Stonkus spent most of his career playing for FK Žalgiris Vilnius. He had a brief spell with Zeytinburnuspor in the Turkish Super Lig during the 1996-97 season.
International career.
Stonkus appeared in 20 matches for the senior Lithuania national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20559168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559168" title="Kevin">
Kevin

Kevin (; Irish: "Caoimhín" , Middle Irish: "Caoimhghín" , Old Irish: "Cóemgein" , Scottish Gaelic: "Caomhainn", Latin: "Coemgenus") is a male first name of Gaelic origin. Among the earliest famous bearers of the name was Saint Kevin, although Kevin is not a biblical name. Caoimhghín derives from the Irish "caomh" (Old Irish "cóem") "kind, honest, handsome" and "-gin" (Old Irish "gein") "birth". Kevin influenced the similarly Gaelic-derived Kelvin, as well as the Latin Calvin. "Kevin" is one of the top 100 male baby names in Canada, Chile, France, Hungary, Ireland, the Netherlands, Northern Ireland, Norway, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United States. It can also be spelled Kevyn, Keven, or Kevan.
In the United Kingdom, its popularity peaked during the 1950s and 1960s, when it was frequently among the 20 most popular male first names, but by the 1990s it had fallen out of the top 100. In France, the name was very popular during the 80s and 90s, especially in the lower class. There is wide variation both on the pronunciation and accentation. A more Franco-Celtic pronunciation is often written as Kévin, while a consciously Anglo-American pronunciation is written without the accent. For example French horseman Kevin Staut and French runner Kévin Hautcoeur official websites differ, though the French media may pronounce both names similarly. 
The female version of "Caoimhín" (Kevin) is "Caoimhe" (anglicised as "Kiva" or "Keva").

</doc>
<doc id="20559171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559171" title="John S. Goodall">
John S. Goodall

John Strickland Goodall (1908 – 1996) was a British artist and illustrator best known for his wordless picture adventures
(one award winning example being "The Adventures of Paddy Pork"), although his output has included more conventional 
pictures, and illustrations for a wide range of publications (including the "Radio Times") and books by Miss Read.

</doc>
<doc id="20559198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559198" title="Bugala study center">
Bugala study center

The Bugala Study Center is a school for young men in Kampala, Uganda. It is an undertaking of the Kyoga Foundation, a local NGO established in 1998. It aims to form competent students and professionals through character development and education.
The spiritual activities at the Bugala Study Center are entrusted to Opus Dei a personal Prelature of the Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20559201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559201" title="Quadracycle">
Quadracycle

A quadracycle is a four-wheeled human-powered land vehicle. It is also referred to as a quadricycle, quadcycle, pedal car, four-wheeled bicycle or quike amongst other terms.
Human-powered quadracyles have been in use since 1853 and have grown into several families of vehicles for a variety of purposes, including tourist rentals, pedal taxis, private touring, mountain and industrial use.
Nomenclature.
There is no consensus amongst manufacturers of four-wheeled, human-powered vehicles as to what this class of vehicles should be called, although "quadracycle" is the most commonly used term. Manufacturers who do refer to their products by class of vehicle call them:
As well there are single manufacturers who call them Go-kart, Car, Car-Bike, Ecological car, Human Powered Vehicle, Pedal Kart, Quadribent, Quattrocycle, Surrey and Twin bike
History.
The earliest recorded pedal-powered quadracycle was exhibited in 1853 at the Exhibition of the Industry of All Nations World's Fair held in New York City. This was about the same time that two-wheeled bicycles started to become popular. Quadracycles were one solution to the problem of low-speed stability in early cycles and were typically multi-seat models. Both tandem (in line) and sociable (side-by-side) seating configurations were used.
One early design, predating 1869 was the "Andrews Quadracycle", built by Andrews of Dublin, Ireland. It was made from one inch-square iron and was propelled with foot levers that moved in a long horizontal ellipse. The "Sawyer Quadricycle" was introduced in 1855 and featured lighter construction, wooden wheels, iron tires and front-wheel steering via a tiller. Like the Andrews Quadracycle it was moved by foot levers driving the rear axle. The "Coventry Rotary Quadracycle" was introduced in 1885 and used conventional bicycle-style rotary pedals instead of foot levers for drive. It was developed from a similar tricycle design and featured tandem seating for two. The "Rudge Quadracycle" of 1888 is described as the first modern practical four-wheeler. It had much lighter construction than earlier models, seated three riders in tandem and was steered by levers from the front seat. 
Early in the twentieth century Massey-Harris in Canada developed the "Canadian Royal Mail Quadracycle". This was used for mail delivery in Toronto as early as 1901. The Gendron Wheel Company created children's toy replica pedal cars up until World War II.
Modern quadracycles.
Quadracycle use diminished in the late 19th century as a result of improvements in bicycle technology that made their four-wheel cousins largely obsolete, although small numbers were manufactured through the 1950s for rental use in tourist areas.
A resurgence of 20th century quadracycle use occurred in France where Charles Mochet introduced his Velocar pedal powered two-seat quadracycle in 1924. The various models of the Velocar featured wooden aerodynamic bodies and usually a three speed transmission. Production of final pedal-powered Mochet Velocar Model H ended in 1938, but Mochet went on to become a manufacturer of automobiles. The Velocar proved quite popular, especially during World War II when the French population was under German occupation and gasoline was virtually unavailable for civil use. Restored Mochet Velocars are still found in France.
During the 1970s and 1980s, there was a resurgence of interest in quadracycles as personal transportation, driven by the 1973 oil crisis, environmental concerns about air pollution from automobiles and the search for emission-free alternatives.
Modern quadracycles can be generally placed in six categories:
Tourist destination rental.
Quadracycles can often be found at tourist attractions where they are available to rent by the hour or day. Modern tourist quadracycles usually feature open seating for two or more riders in a sociable configuration. These vehicles are often designed to look like early 20th century automobiles with a bench seat, rack-and-pinion steering, and a canopy top. They are commonly called "surreys", due to their resemblance to horse-drawn wagons of similar appearance and the same name.
Examples of this type include:
Pedal taxi.
Similar to the surrey are pedal taxis or pedicabs. These tend to be four or even six seaters and are used as taxis, pedaled by professional drivers. Like the rental surreys, they are often found at tourist attractions and in the downtown areas of tourist destination cities.
Also like the rental surreys, pedal taxis are often constructed to resemble early 20th century cars and often feature awning coverings for protection from the sun.
Examples of this type include:
Touring.
Touring quadracycles are constructed specifically for the personal ownership market and are built to be lighter and faster than rental surreys. Typically, they seat one person or two people in side-by-side seating and feature independent pedaling and gear selection. They can have up to 192 gears, giving them remarkable hill-climbing capabilities. These touring quadracycles are used for long distance travel as well as local use; some are used for cycle-commuting to work.
Compared to touring or hybrid bicycles, touring quadracycles are more comfortable to ride, can navigate steeper hills more easily, deal with crosswinds better, and can carry a much heavier load than a bicycle. Touring quadrcycles have disadvantages compared to bicycles including that they are heavier, require more storage space, typically have slower cruise speeds, are more complex to maintain, and have a larger turning circle. Unlike bicycles (but like tricycles) a quadracycle is vulnerable to being rolled over on fast corners, and a very low centre of gravity and/or weight transfer by the riders to the inside of the curve is needed to avoid this.
Examples of this type of vehicle include:
There are also plans available as well as some amateur-designed touring quadracycles made by combining two bicycles. These designs have had varying degrees of success.
Examples of plans built quadracycles are:
Mountain quadracycles.
Some quadracycles are designed to be the four-wheel counterparts of mountain bicycles and are optimized for strength and the ability to deal with steep and rough terrain; these are all single seat designs.
An example of this type is:
Industrial use.
There are quadracycles designed for local delivery of goods, such as spare parts in a factory environment or laundry at spread-out hotel complexes. They may have two seats and a pickup box or flat bed to allow loads to be transported. Industrial use quadracycles are also capable of pulling small trailers.
Some quadracycles in this category have also been designed for military applications, such as light logistics transport.
Examples of this type of quadracycle include:
Racing.
Pedal Car Racing can be found in many parts of the world. The UK, France and Italy all have championships and Hong Kong has a 24-hour race every year. Racing pedal cars are lightweight machines built for the sole purpose of racing and are therefore unsuitable for road use.
Performance Art.
The El Arbol quadracycle was built as a portable stage and sound system to make a point about the use of fossil fuels for transportation.
Security.
Lacking the mass and door locks of automobiles, quadracycles are often secured in the same manner as bicycles with "U" or "D" locks, chains or cables to convenient stout objects such as fence posts, signs or bike racks.

</doc>
<doc id="20559222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559222" title="John Goddard (bishop)">
John Goddard (bishop)

John William Goddard (born 8 September 1947) is the current Bishop of Burnley.
Goddard was educated at Durham University. He was ordained in 1971 and began his ordained ministry as a curate at St John's Southbank. He then held two incumbencies in Middlesbrough and became the Rural Dean. From 1988 to 1992 he was Vice Principal of Edinburgh Theological College and then Rector of Ribbleton before his ordination to the episcopate. A keen narrowboater, he is married with two children. Has expressed the belief (2012) that there are no rural parishes in the Diocese of Blackburn, which includes large swathes of farming communities and extensive rural areas such as the Forest of Bowland. At the November 2012 meeting of the General Synod of the Church of England, Goddard was one of the three members of the House of Bishops who voted against the ordination of women as bishops.

</doc>
<doc id="20559235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559235" title="Calabrian regional election, 1975">
Calabrian regional election, 1975

The Calabrian regional election of 1975 took place on 15 June 1975.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party and Christian Democrat Pasquale Perugini formed a government with the support of the Italian Socialist Party and the other minor centre-left parties. Perugini was replaced by Aldo Ferrara in 1976.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20559283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559283" title="Harold's">
Harold's

Harold's Stores, Inc. was a Dallas based chain of traditional, high-end classic styled ladies and men's specialty apparel stores. The chain operated 43 stores in 19 mid-western and southeastern states in the United States. Prior to its bankruptcy filing, the company employed 624 people.
The company was granted bankruptcy liquidation on November 10, 2008 and began liquidating its stores immediately.
History.
Harold's was founded in 1948 in Norman, Oklahoma and was later moved to Dallas, Texas. The chain operated high-end men's and women's clothing, usually located in upper-class areas and shopping centers in the midwestern and southeastern parts of the United States. Their practice of offering customers small bottled cokes was noted as well as their selection of braided leather belts.
On November 10, 2008, the company was granted bankruptcy liquidation, claiming "Increased competition and a weak economy have left us no choice but to cease operations." 

</doc>
<doc id="20559290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559290" title="Boulevard Heights">
Boulevard Heights

Boulevard Heights is an urban neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia located south of East Confederate Avenue, east of Boulevard, north of Entrenchment Creek and west of the State of Georgia complex. The area is currently undergoing redevelopment to add single family homes and light commercial premises.

</doc>
<doc id="20559343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559343" title="Kim Norton">
Kim Norton

Kim Norton (born September 22, 1957) is a Minnesota politician and an assistant majority leader of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), she represents District 25B, which is composed entirely of the northern portion of the city of Rochester in Olmsted County; located in the southeastern part of the state. 
Early life, education, and career.
Norton earned a B.S. in Human Development and Special Education, specializing in Early Childhood Education, at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln. She also attended graduate school there, studying Deaf Education, Behavioral Impairments and Curriculum.
Norton served on several committees in the Minnesota Department of Children, Families and Learning from 1998–2003 and, upon returning to Rochester, served on the Rochester School Board (as clerk in 2001, chair in 2005, and treasurer in 2006) prior to being elected to the House.
Political career.
Norton first ran against incumbent Rep. Fran Bradley in 2004, an election she lost by 311 votes. She ran again in 2006, defeating Republican challenger Rich Decker by just 99 votes. In 2008, she easily won re-election against Republican challenger Jason Johnson. In 2010, she was re-elected over Republican challenger Mike Rolih.
Personal life.
She has four children: Chris, Cody, Katie, and Kelsey.

</doc>
<doc id="20559349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559349" title="Proposal Rock">
Proposal Rock

Proposal Rock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20559356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559356" title="Excélsior F.C.">
Excélsior F.C.

Excélsior F.C., full name Excélsior Futbol Club, was a professional soccer team that played in Santa Ana, El Salvador.
Excélsior competed in the national sports week soccer tournament that the Salvadoran Sports Commission held at that time.
History.
In 1928, Excélsior made its first appearance to the final, playing Hércules in Campo Marte. In the first match, they tied 1-1. A second match was played to determine a winner. In the replay match, they were defeated by Hércules, final score of 2-0.
The following year, they matched up again with two-time champion Hércules. In the first match, at the Finca Modelo, they beat Hércules 2-0. In the second leg, played at Campo Marte, Hércules edged out in a 3-1 win over. Excélsior withdrew from the third and deciding match due to complains about the officiating and extreme brutality from Hércules players. The Salvadoran Sports Commission ignored their appeal, so Excélsior forfeited as Hércules won their third straight national title.

</doc>
<doc id="20559370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559370" title="Calabrian regional election, 1980">
Calabrian regional election, 1980

The Calabrian regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, while the Italian Socialist Party made important gains. After the election Bruno Dominijanni, a Socialist, formed a centre-left government comprising Christian Democracy, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20559388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559388" title="Proposal Rock (Oregon)">
Proposal Rock (Oregon)

Proposal Rock is an island off the coast of the U.S. state of Oregon, in Tillimook County, near the community of Neskowin. The island is named for a local legend of a sea captain taking his beloved there to propose to her.

</doc>
<doc id="20559409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559409" title="Igor Lovchinsky">
Igor Lovchinsky

Igor Lovchinsky (; born December 15, 1984) is a Russian-American classical pianist.
Early years.
Born in Kazan, then part of the Soviet Union, Lovchinsky began his musical career at the Kazan Special Music School for Gifted Children. After immigrating to the United States with his family in 1994, Lovchinsky continued his studies with renowned pedagogues Nina Polonsky and Steven Glaser. In 2003, Lovchinsky entered the Juilliard School in New York on full scholarship, where he studied under Jerome Lowenthal. He received a Bachelor's degree from Juilliard in 2007 and a Master's degree from the New England Conservatory in Boston.
Performing and recording career.
As soloist, Igor Lovchinsky has performed at some of the major concert halls in the United States, including concerts at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, Carnegie Hall’s Weill Recital Auditorium, Hilbert Circle Theatre, the Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts, the Eastman Theatre and the Ohio Theatre. Internationally, he has presented recitals at the National Philharmonic Hall in Warsaw, the American Embassy in Beijing, and the Rosza Centre in Calgary. Upcoming international tours include performances in Lithuania and Poland.
Mr. Lovchinsky has performed as soloist with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, the Indianapolis Chamber Orchestra, the Columbus Symphony Orchestra, the Live Music Project Ensemble, the Florida International University Symphony Orchestra, and others. In addition, his performance of Chopin's First Concerto with the Connecticut Virtuosi Chamber Orchestra was broadcast on WQXR radio in New York and was featured as the soundtrack of the independent film "Romance Larghetto" by director Pablo Goldbarg. In 2007, in collaboration with legendary American pianist Earl Wild, Lovchinsky recorded his debut album on the Ivory Classics label, featuring music of Chopin, Scriabin and Wild's transcriptions of Gershwin songs. The disc received rave reviews from Gramophone Magazine, Germany's Piano Magazine, MusicWeb International Record Review and was voted one of top five classical recordings of 2008 by Time Out International.
An avid exponent of new music, Mr. Lovchinsky has premiered works of Olivier Messiaen, Heather Schmidt and Frank Felice.
Awards.
Lovchinsky is the first prize winner of the Eastman International Piano Competition and the National Chopin Piano Competition of the Kosciuszko Foundation.
Personal.
As of 2012, Lovchinsky is married to neuroscientist Alice Wang.

</doc>
<doc id="20559427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559427" title="Rogelio Martínez (baseball)">
Rogelio Martínez (baseball)

Rogelio Bautista Martínez Ulloa (November 5, 1918 – May 24, 2010) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Washington Senators during the season. Listed at , 180 lb., Martínez batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Cidra, Matanzas Province, Cuba. Martínez was nicknamed "Limonar", after the modest little town in his native Matanzas where he started to play baseball.
In one major league season, Martínez posted a 0–1 record with a 27.00 ERA in two appearances, including one start, giving up four runs on four hits and two walks while striking out none in 1.1 innings of work.

</doc>
<doc id="20559462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559462" title="Calabrian regional election, 1985">
Calabrian regional election, 1985

The Calabrian regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, despite a moderate decline in term of votes, while the Italian Socialist Party made further gains. After the election Francesco Principe, a Socialist, was re-elected President of the Region at the head of a coalition comprising also the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party. In 1987 Principe was replaced by Rosario Olivo.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20559473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559473" title="Arnold Power Station">
Arnold Power Station

The Arnold Power Station is a hydroelectric facility fed from Lake Brunner on the Arnold River in West Coast, New Zealand, owned and operated by TrustPower. The plant is rated at 3 MW and has an average annual output of 25 GWh.
Development.
TrustPower is developing a new hydroelectric power station at Arnold. Output is to be 46 MW with average annual generation of 220 GWh. Consents for this project were granted by the Grey District and West Coast Regional Councils in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20559481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559481" title="Flavius Koczi">
Flavius Koczi

Flavius Koczi (b. September 26, 1987 in Reşiţa, Romania) is a Romanian artistic gymnast. He is a world silver medalist on vault and an ten-time European medalist (all around, pommel horse, vault, floor, and team). Koczi is the 2006 European champion on pommel horse, the 2011 European Champion on vault, and was one of the vault finalists at the 2008 Olympic Games and 2012 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20559500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559500" title="Atlante San Alejo">
Atlante San Alejo

A.D. Atlante San Alejo, or better known as Atlante, was a professional soccer team in El Salvador.
History.
Atlante played in San Alejo, La Unión. The club was previously called "Guardia Nacional" however in the 1955-1956 season they changed their name to AD Atlante after they won promotion to the country's top tier. The club team name derived because of the location's nearby shore, although, La Unión is a port city on the Pacific Ocean, not the Atlantic Ocean.
Atlante never won a national title in El Salvador. However, they did manage to finish second in the 1956-1957 national regular season league, and runners-up again in 1962. In 1970 they relegated to the second division.

</doc>
<doc id="20559518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559518" title="Japanese Village and Deer Park">
Japanese Village and Deer Park

The Japanese Village and Deer Park is a defunct amusement park formerly located in Buena Park, California.
History.
The park first opened at 6122 Knott Ave. It was a Japanese-themed amusement park that featured shows and traditional Japanese buildings in an environment where deer roamed free (inspired by Nara Park). The park's gate featured a torii. 
The park closed in 1975 when it was sold with the Movieland Wax Museum. Facing mounting red ink, the owners began giving the park's deer lethal injections, claiming the animals had tuberculosis. Almost 200 deer were euthanized before authorities ended the practice.
Enchanted Village.
After the park closed, a second amusement park, called "Enchanted Village", opened on the site on June 18, 1976. Animal trainer Ralph Helfer was a partner and served as chair. The park was, for a time, home to Oliver the "human" chimp. Prior to the park's closure, the park's signature stunt and animal show was changed to incorporate themes and story lines from the 1977 film The Island of Dr. Moreau.
The park was South Pacific-Tiki themed and featured trained animal shows (Helfer's influence), a traditional-styled Polynesian show, and a few ride attractions.
Enchanted Village closed in fall 1977.
Current use.
The area has been developed into a business park and nothing remains of the ponds and locations of the both successive parks except George Bellis Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20559524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559524" title="The Deer Park">
The Deer Park

The Deer Park is a Hollywood novel written by Norman Mailer and published in 1955 by G.P. Putnam's Sons after it was rejected by Mailer's publisher, Rinehart & Company, for obscenity. Despite having already typeset the book, Rinehart claimed that the manuscript's obscenity voided its contract with Mailer. Mailer retained his cousin, the attorney Charles Rembar, who became a noted defense attorney for publishers involved in censorship trials.
Rembar disagreed with Rinehart's characterization of the manuscript as obscene, and threatened to take the publisher to court. Rinehart settled with Mailer, allowing him to keep his advance.
A roman à clef, the metaphorical "Deer Park" is Desert D'Or, California (a fictionalized Palm Springs). A fashionable desert resort, Hollywood's elite converge there for fun and games and relaxation. The novel's protagonist, Sergius O'Shaughnessy (a recently discharged Air Force officer), is a would-be novelist who experiences the moral depravity of the Hollywood community first hand.
The title refers to the Parc-aux-Cerfs ("Deer Park"), a resort Louis XV of France kept stocked with young women for his personal pleasure.
Stage version.
Norman Mailer adapted his novel into a play. It opened Off-Broadway at the Theatre de Lys (now the Lucille Lortel Theatre) on Christopher St. in Greenwich Village on January 31, 1967. The play closed on May 21, 1967, after 128 performances. "The Deer Park" was directed by Leo Garen and starred Rip Torn, Marsha Mason, Mailer's former brother-in-law Mickey Knox, and Mailer's third wife, Beverley Bentley. Torn won an Obie Award for his performance.

</doc>
<doc id="20559544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559544" title="An Occasional Hell">
An Occasional Hell

An Occasional Hell is a crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis. 
Set in 1990s in the lower Monongahela River Valley below Pittsburgh, it tells the story of Ernest DeWalt, a former Chicago private investigator and successful novelist who is now a college professor. DeWalt's new life is interrupted when a philandering colleague, Alex Catanzaro, is killed in a farmland trysting place and his widow asks the former PI for help.

</doc>
<doc id="20559551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559551" title="Baccharis emoryi">
Baccharis emoryi

Baccharis emoryi is a species of baccharis known by the common name Emory's baccharis. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it grows in sandy, moist habitat such as riverbanks. This is a shrub producing erect, branching stems approaching in maximum height. The thick leaves are oblong to oval in shape and sometimes have roughly toothed edges. They may be up to long. The shrub is dioecious, with male and female plants producing flower heads of different types. The head is enclosed in a layer of phyllaries and the female flowers yield fruits, each an achene with a white pappus about a centimeter long. The foliage and flower heads are glandular and sticky. This species is very similar to its relative, "Baccharis pilularis".

</doc>
<doc id="20559559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559559" title="Islands of Shanghai">
Islands of Shanghai

There are several islands of Shanghai governed by Shanghai city, including the three larger inhabited islands, and a number of uninhabited ones. They are alluvial islands in the Yangtze River Delta in China.
Chongming Island.
Chongming Island lies against the northern shore of the Yangtze River and is an alluvial island formed by silt carried along the river. It gives the name to Chongming County, the only county of Shanghai. It is the third largest island in Greater China after Taiwan and Hainan Island. 
The other two inhabited Shanghai islands are Changxing Island at , and Hengsha Island at . The Shanghai Yangtze River Tunnel and Bridge joining the island to Shanghai opened on 2009-10-31. The island will be connected to Jiangsu Province via Chonghai Bridge which has not been built yet and Chongqi Bridge which will be finished in 2012.
Jiuduansha Island.
Jiuduansha Island (; total area: , above sea level) has the national nature reserve, Jiuduansha Wetland. It is an intertidal wetland which consists of three parts, Shangsha, Zhongsha and Xiasha.
Dajinshan Island.
Dajinshan Island ("Big Jinshan Island"), Xiaojinshan Island ("Small Jinshan Island"), and Fushan Island in Jinshan District are nature reserves under city jurisdiction. Dajinshan has the highest point in Shanghai with an elevation of .
Some alluvial islands are relatively young and the number varies over time. For example, Jiuduansha emerged in the 1950s. In 2006, the city had 19 uninhabited islands covering , with a total coastline length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20559563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559563" title="New Eyes for the Needy">
New Eyes for the Needy

New Eyes for the Needy is a non-profit organization started in 1932 (incorporated 1948) and based in Short Hills, New Jersey, which provides people in the United States with eyeglasses and sends recycled eyeglasses to needy people overseas.
Vision and history.
The group's vision or mission statement is: "To empower children and adults in the United States and overseas with the improved vision they need to pursue a better quality of life for themselves, their families and their communities. New Eyes' mission is to purchase new prescription glasses through a voucher program for children and adults in the United States who cannot afford glasses on their own. new Eyes accepts, recycles and distributes donated glasses for poor people overseas." 
The organization was founded by Julia Lawrence Terry in 1932 in Short Hills, New Jersey. [http://www.neweyesfortheneedy.org/vision/history.html] Terry worked in the Red Cross during the Great Depression and realized the need for eyeglasses in the US. Area residents donated basement space for sorting eyeglasses.
1940s and 1950s.
By the end of the 1940s, the organization was receiving an average of 1,194 glasses monthly. "Old age glasses" were sent to hospitals in New York City and nursing homes in Kentucky. New Eyes was also featured in Woman's Day and Parade Magazine articles, and had its first television appearance on WCBS. As the organization grew, the Junior Service League of the Oranges and Retired Men's Club in Short Hills began to volunteer. In 1947, the Junior Service League of Short Hills took over New Eyes with the passing of Mrs. Terry. By 1949, 455 people per month were receiving "new eyes".
In the 1950s, New Eyes for the Needy had 55 volunteers sorting eyeglasses. The organization averaged 25–35 mailbags of glasses weekly. New Eyes was set up as an independent organization, a community project under the Junior League of Oranges. The Jewelry Committee was formed by Connie Hurd.
1960s and 1970s.
New Eyes opened its new headquarters at 549 Millburn Avenue in the 1960s. At this location, the organization began accepting items for consignment in the jewelry showroom. Additions to the building allowed for a mailroom and second-floor jewelry showroom and sales. The Millburn Old Guard began volunteering at New Eyes for the Needy, which would become a tradition lasting over 40 years. In 1968, the organization paid off its mortgage.
By 1979, over 100,000 pairs of eyeglasses were being shipped overseas. $150,000 in grants were allocated to hospitals and medical schools. New Eyes broke the 1,000,000 mark in eyeglass donations for one year, which allowed for the purchase of over 10,000 new prescription glasses.
1980s and 1990s.
Income from scrap metal declined in the 1980s, while the amount of requests for new eyeglasses rose. This marked the start of the eyeglass voucher program. This decade marked the beginning of computer use in the offices and the 50th anniversary of the organization, which was attended by Governor and Mrs. Tom Kean.
New Eyes received $35,000 in grants during the 1990s. It launched its first direct mail campaign for new donations and ran a PSA campaign featuring comedian Steve Allen. Susannah Likins became the new executive director in 1993.
2000s.
In the past decade, New Eyes for the Needy raised reimbursment rates for the voucher program for the first time since the program began. It also introduced its website, www.neweyesfortheneedy.org. Its first fundraising gala, Hocus Focus, took place in 2006.
2009-2010.
In 2011-12, in partnership with social service agencies and optical dispensers across the country, New Eyes helped 6,066 underserved residents of the U.S. to get the eyeglasses they needed but could not afford. Currently, Susan Dyckman is the organization's executive director.
Voucher program.
New Eyes for the Needy purchases prescription eyeglasses for indigent people in the U.S. through a well-established voucher program. Eligible clients can receive a voucher by working through a social service agency or a school nurse. Clients can present a New Eyes voucher to any participating local optical dispenser, who fits the client with the proper prescription eyeglasses. The dispenser then receives reimbursement directly from New Eyes.
To be eligible for the program, applicants must be in financial need, have had a recent eye exam, and have no other resources available to them to pay for glasses, including federal or state programs or assistance from local charitable organizations. New Eyes does not pay for eye exams. A New Eyes voucher typically covers only the cost of a basic pair of single or bifocal eyeglasses.
Funding.
Since most contemporary eyeglasses are no longer framed in gold, New Eyes must now rely on a variety of funding sources, including individual donations, grants, corporate gifts, special events and revenue from the Fabulous Finds Jewelry & Giftware Boutique.
In 2012, Individual donations and corporate gifts made up 43% of revenue. Grants made up 25% of funding, jewelry sales from the showroom "Fabulous Finds" made up 14%, and scrap metal made up 3%.
Donations and volunteer work.
New Eyes for the Needy depends primarily on volunteer work and donations. A donation of $58 purchases one pair of prescription glasses for someone in need in the United States. Donations may be made by cash, check or credit card through New Eyes' website. New Eyes also recycles donated prescription glasses, reading glasses and sunglasses, manages 250 volunteers, sponsoring holds two fundraising campaigns each year, and works with charitable organizations and small medical missions to distribute recycled glasses in developing nations. 
Operations and accomplishments.
2007-2008.
New Eyes for the Needy is run by a 15 person Board of Trustees and runs mainly through volunteer action. It still operates out of its original home in New Jersey but has expanded to become globalized. In 2007-2008, the organization helped 5,845 United States citizens and 200,000 people overseas with their eye care needs. The company has been highlighted in several prominent media outlets such as the Newark Star Ledger, the Philadelphia Inquirer and ABC's Eyewitness News. As of March 2008, the company's net assets have reached $3,303,346. The organization has had celebrity spokespeople such as Jake Gyllenhaal make videos to send their message. In the fall of 2008, the organization was the subject of a school assignment for many students at Seton Hall University as part of a Public Relations campaign assignment.
2010-2011.
In 2010-2011, New Eyes purchased eyeglasses for 2,582 adults from 45 states and the District of Columbia, 486 children in 28 states, and 1,096 seniors living in 41 states and the District of Columbia. The group distributed nearly 200,000 pairs of recycled eyeglasses to poor people living in 30 developing nations around the world. 
Fourteen new volunteers were welcomed at the organization.
The Heart of New Eyes fundraiser in February 2010 raised $15,000 to support the U.S. eyeglass 
voucher program. The second Annual Kids Rock for Vision Concert in March 2010 raised $8,700 for children’s eyeglasses. The See For Change fundraiser raised nearly $6,000 for children’s glasses in New York City.
Fabulous Finds jewelry and giftware re-sale showroom raised $51,000 for the U.S. eyeglass voucher program. 
New Eyes secured awards totaling $71,000 in foundation grants.
2011-2012
U.S. Eyeglass Voucher Program
• 6,066 U.S. children, working age adults and seniors get prescription glasses in 46 states and the District of Columbia
International Eyeglass Recycling Program
• Acknowledged 243,000 pair of donated glasses
• Distributed 160,000 pair of glasses to people in 28 countries through small medical missions and Physicians for Peace, Feed The Children and Unite for Sight
• Hosted 12 corporate, civic, student and scout groups on evenings and weekends. Volunteers sorted and tested eyeglasses.
• Expanded partnerships with for-profit entities such as MoralEyes, Warby Parker and Zeal Optics to continue regular donations of new reading glasses, sunglasses and frames for the recycling program
Community Relations
• Re-designed and launched New Eyes’ website, www.neweyesfortheneedy.org, to allow for a better flow of information from and to New Eyes’ many constituents
• Adult volunteers awarded the 2011-12 New Jersey State Governor’s Jefferson Award
Overall, New Eyes for the Needy has improved the eyesight of more than 7,700,000 people in the world.
2012.
New Eyes is celebrating its 80th anniversary of improving the vision of people in need in the U.S. and around the world. In addition to a volunteer celebration, New Eyes will mark this milestone with a fundraising dinner honoring Jake Gyllenhaal in the fall.

</doc>
<doc id="20559577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559577" title="Dream Out Loud">
Dream Out Loud

Dream Out Loud (DOL) is a contemporary indie rock band that has emerged from the Indian Rock scene. DOL, as it is often known, was formed by two men from totally distinct backgrounds and the only thing that connected them was music. Suraj Jagan and Chandresh Kudwa, formed the a band. They had a 3 minute appearance in the Bollywood blockbuster movie "Rock On".
History.
Formation and Early years (1999–2006).
The two key players in the band Suraj Jagan and Chandresh kudwa are from varied backgrounds. Suraj, the lead vocalist of the band started his career with an album with Milestone Entertainment Pvt Ltd, which was a licensee for EMI Music in India. The first solo album ever called "Musafir". Musafir was released in 1999 and included songs like "Musafir" (title song), "Baadal", "Phir Aaye Teri Yaad", "Hamesha" and "Dil Se". The album was also compiled in Tamil and did average performance in the market. From here Suraj moved into the more hard core rock scene with important contributions to Bollywood. His popular OST numbers include:
Suraj Jagan has also sung the catchy and popular Hutch (Vodafone) ad jingle.
Chandresh, the lead guitarist of the band, brings a lot of depth to the band with his out and out feel oriented guitar solos. He started out playing with various bands including THOR (the first Indian Rock band interviewed by BBC), Freedom, Nexus (Jazz-Rock outfit), Vedic Chant, and now Dream Out Loud. Chandresh is also the co-founder of Allegro Institute Of Music, an institute dedicated towards nurturing future guitar geniuses. His online guitar school, Theguitarthing.com offers lessons to budding guitarists, beginners and advanced acoustic, lead, and rhythm guitarists.
Dream Out Loud came into life in January 2006 with several gigs and one album called Human Race. Most of the songs in the album are influenced by Audioslave, System of a Down, Linkin Park, Steve Vai, and Joe Satriani. The band gave a small performance in a concert in MMRDA Grounds, Mumbai, India on Oct 31, 2008. The concert called "Rock on for Humanity" concert was the brain child of Farhan Aktar and raised funds for relief to Bihar Flood victims. The bands and performers included Shankar Ehsaan Loy, Pentagram, Pindrop Violence, Raghu Dixit Project, Rabbi, and Farhan Akhtar.
Human Race (2007–2008).
In June 2007, Dream Out Loud came out with "Human Race", which is their first album. With Suraj on Vocals, Chandresh on lead guitar, Bass, and Lindsay on drums, the album’s release was followed by a number of gigs in Mumbai and Delhi including a vibrant performance at Eastwind Music Festival (February 6 – New Delhi, India).
The concept of the album is based on several themes but mostly a silent conflict between the mind and one’s real self according to the band vocalist Suraj Jagan. According to the band, songs like "Last Days on Earth" and "So Far so Good" are about being alive in a world of chaos where the insanity and logic go hand in hand. "Better Days" and "Prayer in your heart" takes on from there and talks about freedom. "Habit" is probably the soul of the album as the lyrics are romantic in a different way and screams out of possible dreams and lies that make the dream almost surreal. "Human beings" is one of those songs that talks about how the world is breaking apart due to war, religious sacrilege etc. The last four songs, "Jigsaw", "Now", "It’s Raining Now", and “Desire” touch the emotional aspect and in spite of the rock overtones, are mildly romantic.
Track listing.
All lyrics written by Suraj Jagan.
Album mastered by Bob Katz at Digital DomainTM (Florida) USA.
Musical style.
Dream Out Loud’s musical style is a mix of alternative rock, indie music, and hard rock. They believe that the major influences on their music style are that of Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, Seal, Sting, and Chris Cornell.

</doc>
<doc id="20559588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559588" title="Morpheein">
Morpheein

Morpheein – a protein that can form two or more different homo-oligomers (morpheein forms), but must come apart and change shape to convert between forms. The alternate shape may reassemble to a different oligomer. The shape of the subunit dictates which oligomer is formed. Each oligomer has a finite number of subunits (stoichiometry). Morpheeins can interconvert between forms under physiological conditions and can exist as an equilibrium of different oligomers. These oligomers are physiologically relevant and are not misfolded protein; this distinguishes morpheeins from prions and amyloid. The different oligomers have distinct functionality. Interconversion of morpheein forms can be a structural basis for allosteric regulation. A mutation that shifts the normal equilibrium of morpheein forms can serve as the basis for a conformational disease. Features of morpheeins can be exploited for drug discovery. The dice image (Fig 1) represents a morpheein equilibrium containing two different monomeric shapes that dictate assembly to a tetramer or a pentamer. The one protein that is established to function as a morpheein is porphobilinogen synthase, though there are suggestions throughout the literature that other proteins may function as morpheeins (for more information see "Table of Putative Morpheeins" below).
Implications for drug discovery.
Conformational differences between subunits of different oligomers and related functional differences of a morpheein provide a starting point for drug discovery. Protein function is dependent on the oligomeric form; therefore, the protein’s function can be regulated by shifting the equilibrium of forms. A small molecule compound can shift the equilibrium either by blocking or favoring formation of one of the oligomers. The equilibrium can be shifted using a small molecule that has a preferential binding affinity for only one of the alternate morpheein forms. An inhibitor of porphobilinogen synthase with this mechanism of action has been documented.
Implications for allosteric regulation.
The morpheein model of allosteric regulation has similarities to and differences from other models. The concerted model (the Monod, Wyman and Changeux (MWC) model) of allosteric regulation requires all subunits to be in the same conformation or state within an oligomer like the morpheein model. However, neither this model nor the sequential model (Koshland, Nemethy, and Filmer model) takes into account that the protein may dissociate to interconvert between oligomers.
Implications for teaching about protein structure-function relationships.
It is generally taught that a given amino acid sequence will have only one physiologically relevant (native) quaternary structure; morpheeins challenge this concept. The morpheein model does not require gross changes in the basic protein fold. The conformational differences that accompany conversion between oligomers may be similar to the protein motions necessary for function of some proteins. The morpheein model highlights the importance of conformational flexibility for protein functionality and offers a potential explanation for proteins showing non-Michaelis-Menten kinetics, hysteresis, and/or protein concentration dependent specific activity.
Implications for understanding the structural basis for disease.
The term "conformational disease" generally encompasses mutations that result in misfolded proteins that aggregate, such as Alzheimer’s and Creutzfeldt-Jakob diseases. In light of the discovery of morpheeins, however, this definition could be expanded to include mutations that shift an equilibrium of alternate oligomeric forms of a protein. An example of such a conformational disease is ALAD porphyria, which results from a mutation of porphobilinogen synthase that causes a shift in its morpheein equilibrium.

</doc>
<doc id="20559589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559589" title="Martyn Jarrett">
Martyn Jarrett

Martyn William Jarrett SSC, AKC (born 25 October 1944) is an Anglican bishop. He was the Bishop of Beverley in the Church of England.
Jarrett was educated at Cotham Grammar School and King's College London (BD, AKC). He was ordained in 1969 and began his ordained ministry with a curacy in Swindon. Following this he held incumbencies in Northolt and then Hillingdon. From 1985 to 1991 he worked for the Advisory Council on Church Ministry and was then vicar of St Mary and All Saints, Chesterfield before his ordination to the episcopate. He was translated to be a provincial episcopal visitor in 2000. He is a keen ornithologist.
It was announced in December 2011 that Jarrett intends to retire as Bishop of Beverley on 30 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20559638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559638" title="2008 Insight Bowl">
2008 Insight Bowl

The 2008 Insight Bowl was a college football bowl game played at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona. The game, in its 20th year of existence, began at 5:30 p.m. EST on Wednesday, December 31, 2008. The game, which was telecast on NFL Network, featured the Minnesota Golden Gophers from the Big Ten Conference against the Kansas Jayhawks of the Big 12 Conference, with the Jayhawks winning, 42-21.

</doc>
<doc id="20559654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559654" title="Baccharis plummerae">
Baccharis plummerae

Baccharis plummerae is a species of baccharis known by the common name Plummer's baccharis. It is endemic to California, where it can be found on the coastline and in the coastal mountain ranges. 
This is a bushy shrub producing many erect, slender stems approaching two meters in maximum height. The leaves are linear to oblong in shape and sometimes have fine teeth along the edges. They may be up to long. The shrub is dioecious, with male and female plants producing flower heads of different types. The head is enclosed in a layer of phyllaries which are glandular and sticky. The fruit is a ribbed achene with a pappus or long.

</doc>
<doc id="20559667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559667" title="Photoacoustic Doppler effect">
Photoacoustic Doppler effect

The photoacoustic Doppler effect, as its name implies, is one specific kind of Doppler effect, which occurs when an intensity modulated light wave induces a photoacoustic wave on moving particles with a specific frequency. The observed frequency shift is a good indicator of the velocity of the illuminated moving particles. A potential biomedical application is measuring blood flow.
Specifically, when an intensity modulated light wave is exerted on a localized medium, the resulting heat can induce an alternating and localized pressure change. This periodic pressure change generates an acoustic wave with a specific frequency. Among various factors that determine this frequency, the velocity of the heated area and thus the moving particles in this area can induce a frequency shift proportional to the relative motion. Thus, from the perspective of an observer, the observed frequency shift can be used to derive the velocity of illuminated moving particles.
Theory.
To be simple, consider a clear medium firstly. The medium contains small optical absorbers moving with velocity vector formula_1. The absorbers are irradiated by a laser with intensity modulated at frequency formula_2. 
Thus, the intensity of the laser could be described by:
formula_3
When formula_1 is zero, an acoustic wave with the same frequency formula_2 as the light intensity wave is induced. Otherwise, there is a frequency shift in the induced acoustic wave. The magnitude of the frequency shift depends on the relative velocity formula_1, the angle formula_7 between the velocity and the photon density wave propagation direction, and the angle formula_8 between the velocity and the ultrasonic wave propagation direction. 
The frequency shift is given by:
formula_9
Where formula_10 is the speed of light in the medium and formula_11 is the speed of sound. The first term on the right side of the expression represents the frequency shift in the photon density wave observed by the absorber acting as a moving receiver. The second term represents the frequency shift in the photoacoustic wave due to the motion of the absorbers observed by the ultrasonic transducer.
In practice, since formula_12 and formula_13, only the second term is detectable. Therefore, the above equation reduces to:
formula_14
In this approximation, the frequency shift is not affected by the direction of the optical radiation. It is only affected by the magnitude of velocity and the angle between the velocity and the acoustic wave propagation direction.
This equation also holds for a scattering medium. In this case, the photon density wave becomes diffusive due to light scattering. Although the diffusive photon density wave has a slower phase velocity than the speed of light, its wavelength is still much longer than the acoustic wave.
Experiment.
In the first demonstration of the Photoacoustic Doppler effect, a continuous wave diode laser was used in a photoacoustic microscopy setup with an ultrasonic transducer as the detector. The sample was a solution of absorbing particles moving through a tube. The tube was in a water bath containing scattering particles 
Figure 2 shows a relationship between average flow velocity and the experimental photoacoustic Doppler frequency shift. In a scattering medium, such as the experimental phantom, fewer photons reach the absorbers than in an optically clear medium. This affects the signal intensity but not the magnitude of the frequency shift. Another demonstrated feature of this technique is that it is capable of measuring flow direction relative to the detector based on the sign of the frequency shift. The reported minimum detected flow rate is 0.027 mm/s in the scattering medium.
Application.
One promising application is the non-invasive measurement of flow. This is related to an important problem in medicine: the measurement of blood flow through arteries, capillaries, and veins. Measuring blood velocity in capillaries is an important component to clinically determining how much oxygen is delivered to tissues and is potentially important to the diagnosis of a variety of diseases including diabetes and cancer.However, a particular difficulty of measuring flow velocity in capillaries is caused by the low blood flow rate and micrometre-scale diameter. Photoacoustic Doppler effect based imaging is a promising method for blood flow measurement in capillaries.
Existing techniques.
Based on either ultrasound or light there are several techniques currently being used to measure blood velocity in a clinical setting or other types of flow velocities.
Doppler ultrasound.
The Doppler ultrasound technique uses Doppler frequency shifts in ultrasound wave. This technique is currently used in biomedicine to measure blood flow in arteries and veins. It is limited to high flow rates (formula_15cm/s) generally found in large vessels due to the high background ultrasound signal from biological tissue.
Laser doppler flowmetry.
Laser Doppler Flowmetry utilizes light instead of ultrasound to detect flow velocity. The much shorter optical wavelength means this technology is able to detect low flow velocities out of the range of Doppler ultrasound. But this technique is limited by high background noise and low signal due to multiple scattering. Laser Doppler flowmetry can measure only the averaged blood speed within 1mm3 without information about flow direction.
Doppler optical coherence tomography.
Doppler Optical coherence tomography is an optical flow measurement technique that improves on the spatial resolution of laser Doppler flowmetry by rejecting multiple scattering light with coherent gating. This technique is able to detect flow velocity as low as formula_16m/s with the spatial resolution of formula_17mformula_18. The detection depth is usually limited by the high optical scattering coefficient of biological tissue to formula_19mm.
Photoacoustic doppler flowmetry.
Photoacoustic Doppler effect can be used to measure the blood flow velocity with the advantages of Photoacoustic imaging. Photoacoustic imaging combines the spatial resolution of ultrasound imaging with the contrast of optical absorption in deep biological tissue. Ultrasound has good spatial resolution in deep biological tissue since ultrasonic scattering is much weaker than optical scattering, but it is insensitive to biochemical properties. Conversely, optical imaging is able to achieve high contrast in biological tissue via high sensitivity to small molecular optical absorbers, such as hemoglobin found in red blood cells, but its spatial resolution is compromised by the strong scattering of light in biological tissue. By combining the optical imaging with ultrasound, it is possible to achieve both high contrast and spatial resolution.
The photoacoustic Doppler flowmetry could use the power of photoacoustics to measure flow velocities that are usually inaccessible to pure light-based or ultrasound techniques. The high spatial resolution could make it possible to pinpoint only a few absorbing particles localized to a single capillary. High contrast from the strong optical absorbers make it possible to clearly resolve the signal from the absorbers over the background.

</doc>
<doc id="20559677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559677" title="Nequepio">
Nequepio

Nequepio was a professional soccer team in El Salvador.
History.
The club team originally played and was located on what is now Antiguo Cuscatlán, Cuscatlán. The name "Nequepio" is of indigenous origin, and was the name of the capital's department for many years, until the government changed the name to Cuscatlán. In 1926, Nequepio won the central region zone of the El Salvador, and played in the first ever national championship held by the Salvadoran Sports Commission. In the finals, Nequepio played Chinameca Sporting Club in Campo Marte, losing by a score of 2-1. This was the first and only national final appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20559752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559752" title="Kautz Family YMCA Archives">
Kautz Family YMCA Archives

The Kautz Family YMCA Archives are a unit of the University of Minnesota Libraries Department of Archives and Special Collections, and housed in the Elmer L. Andersen Library on the University of Minnesota Minneapolis campus.
Holdings.
The records of the YMCA of the USA, founded in 1851, and its various committees, programs, and constituent bodies, form the core of the Archives. In addition to personal papers of over 300 YMCA leaders, the collection has more than 75,000 photos dating from the American Civil War to the present. Other materials include a complete set of Association Press publications, rare books and pamphlets, meeting minutes, research studies, scrapbooks, and artifacts such as flags from countries where YMCA foreign secretaries worked.
Although the Archives generally does not collect the records of state or local YMCAs, holdings do include the records of the Minneapolis and Greater New York YMCAs and of related organizations serving the worldwide "Y" movement, including Ys Men International, an auxiliary service organization, and the Association of Professional Directors. Also in the collections are the records of George Williams College, formerly located in Chicago.
The collection spans the period from the early 19th century to the present (with the bulk concentrated from the 1850s to the 1980s) and documents every aspect of the YMCA, from work in the United States and overseas to the student movement, YMCA programs, local Ys, and the Armed Services and Transportation Ys. It contains records on the YMCA's moves to include women and minorities, information about the Y's service during wartime, and files on hundreds of YMCA buildings in 90 countries. The records contain extensive information on YMCA programs in religion, education, physical education, sports and leisure; and on groups the YMCA served both in the United States and abroad, among them students, African Americans, native Americans, railroad workers, members of the armed services, and coal miners. Subjects covered include the evolution of the YMCA from its Protestant evangelical origins, the YMCA's contributions to Civil War relief, the invention of basketball and volleyball, rural reconstruction in India and Korea, teaching English as a second language, and more. Records from the International Division include valuable material from the turn of the 20th century to the present day about China, Japan, Latin America, Europe, Africa, and the Middle East.
History.
The Archives were founded in 1877 by Jacob Bowne as a private collection of key material he was using in preparation for becoming the General Secretary at the YMCA in Hudson, New York. Realizing the great value of conserving the literature and records of the Association, he began gathering and classifying this material for use in training other YMCA workers.
The collection moved to the YMCA Training School (later known as Springfield College in Springfield, Massachusetts, when it was founded in 1890, and then to New York City, when the YMCA built its first headquarters building there in 1908. 
In 1980, the YMCA moved its headquarters to Chicago and the collection went into storage for several years. In 1985, the YMCA of the USA agreed to send the material to the University of Minnesota.
In 1999, Richard C. Kautz (1916–2003), a businessman and prominent YMCA lay leader from Muscatine, Iowa, and his family donated funds for a major preservation project. In honor of their gift, the archives is was renamed the Kautz Family YMCA Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="20559757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559757" title="Dead Man Falling">
Dead Man Falling

Dead Man Falling is a crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis.
Set in 1990s in the Allegheny National Forest of Western Pennsylvania on the upper Allegheny River Valley, including the Kinzua Dam north Pittsburgh, it tells the story of wildlife filmmaker Mac Parris, who has spent most of his adult life hiding from the FBI and his own past, as he helps a young woman find her brother's killer.

</doc>
<doc id="20559763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559763" title="Tufan Tosunoğlu">
Tufan Tosunoğlu

Tufan Tosunoğlu (born 22 July 1988) is a Turkish footballer currently playing for SVN Zweibrücken.
Career.
He signed in June 2010 a contract with 1. FSV Mainz 05, but was released after health problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20559772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559772" title="LB (Plastics) Ltd. v. Swish Products Ltd.">
LB (Plastics) Ltd. v. Swish Products Ltd.

LB (Plastics) Ltd. v. Swish Products Ltd., is a 1979 decision of the House of Lords as to whether a physical object is an infringing copy of a drawing depicting the object. The House of Lords held that it is, at least when an ordinary person could recognize that physical object was that which the drawing depicted.
The House of Lords later reaffirmed the principle stated in this case in "British Leyland Motor Corp. v. Armstrong Patents Co.", saying that it must be regarded as "settled law". The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in "Canon K.K. v. Green Cartridge Co." again reaffirmed the principle.
The position under United States federal copyright law is diametrically opposite.

</doc>
<doc id="20559790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559790" title="Ralph A. Lewin">
Ralph A. Lewin

Ralph Arnold Lewin (30 April 1921 – 30 November 2008) was an Anglo-American biologist, known as "the father of green algae genetics". He was born in London and later moved to America. He also was known as a poetry author.
Education.
He studied at University of Cambridge from 1939 to 1947, graduating with a B.A. in 1942 and MA in 1946, whilst at Cambridge he focussed on Botany. He then studied at Yale University from 1947 to 1951, graduating with an M.S. in 1949 and a PhD in Botany in 1950. In 1971 (or 1972), he was made a Doctor of Science (Sc.D.) of the University of Cambridge.
Biography.
Lewis spent nearly 48 years at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California at San Diego and was considered a leading authority in multiple areas of marine biology.
Lewin joined the Scripps institution as an associate professor of marine biology in 1960 and retired from that position as a full professor in 1991, remaining extremely active in laboratory and field research and lecturing nationally and internationally. He helped organize and teach courses on marine microbiology and algae for the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in Finland, Singapore and China. He published more than 250 scientific papers, among which his 2001 review paper entitled "More on Merde" was an entertaining review on the worth of feces in biomedicine. He addressed this issue frankly by stating, "Whereas food has always received much attention in conversation, commerce, and the literature, the subject of feces has been comparatively neglected. To fill this lacuna, a small book on comparative coprology was recently published (Lewin 1999). The present article aims to supplement this book with a review of overlooked or new items relating to biological and medical aspects of coprology, notably chemical and microbial components of human and animal feces, their uses as fertilizers, and a few other sociological impacts."
Ralph Lewin was an Esperantist, and was Ordinary professor (Ordaj profesoroj) at Akademio Internacia de la Sciencoj San Marino, the only university in the world where all courses are studied in esperanto.
He translated "Winnie-the-Pooh" into Esperanto with Ivy Kellerman Reed and was the author of "Merde: excursions in scientific, cultural and socio-historical coprology". (published Random House 1999, ISBN 0-375-50198-3)

</doc>
<doc id="20559793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559793" title="Uğur Albayrak">
Uğur Albayrak

Uğur Albayrak (born 8 June 1988) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for Eintracht Frankfurt II.

</doc>
<doc id="20559799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559799" title="C.D. Alacranes">
C.D. Alacranes

Club Deportivo Alacranes was a professional soccer team in El Salvador.
The team reached to the national finals in 1937, losing to C.D. 33 by a score of 3-1. The team name, "Alacranes", is Spanish for "Scorpions". After several years in the first division, C.D. Alacranes descended to the second division in the 1950s. After several years struggling at the lower division, they changed their name to C.D. Chalatenango (currently in the Salvadoran Second Division) and were promoted after the 1978-79 league season.

</doc>
<doc id="20559810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559810" title="Fox series">
Fox series

Fox series is a satellite free to air channel in the Arab World, broadcasting primarily in English. It is one of Fox's two satellite channels in the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="20559815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559815" title="Siegmund Beutum">
Siegmund Beutum

Siegmund Beutum (8 April 1890 – 17 February 1966) was an Austrian chess master.
He lived in Vienna where he played in several tournaments. He won in 1926 (an unofficial Austrian Chess Championship), shared 4th ("Hexagonal", Baldur Hönlinger won) and tied for 9-10th (the 11th Trebitsch Memorial, Ernst Grünfeld won) in 1927, took 11th (the 12th Trebitsch Memorial, Grünfeld and Sándor Takács won) and tied for 13-14th in 1928 (Richard Réti won), tied for 5-6th in 1929/30 (the 13th Trebitsch Memorial, Rudolf Spielmann and Hans Kmoch won), tied for 10-12th in 1931 (the 14th Trebitsch Memorial, Albert Becker won), and tied for 11-12th in 1933 (the 16th Trebitsch Memorial, Hans Müller (chess player) and Grünfeld won).
Beutum played for Austria in the 2nd Chess Olympiad at The Hague 1928. He tied for 7-8th at Tel Aviv 1935 (the 2nd Maccabiah Games, Abram Blass won).

</doc>
<doc id="20559837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559837" title="Michael Slattery (hurler)">
Michael Slattery (hurler)

Michael ‘Boxer’ Slattery is a hurler from Co Kerry. He plays with Ballyheigue and formally with the Kerry senior team.
Club career.
Slattery has won 3 County Senior Championships with Ballyheigue in 1996,1997 and 2000 when he was captain. He has also won a number of North Kerry League and Championship medals with Ballyheigue.He also won 4 u-21 championships and a county minor medal with his club.
Intercounty career.
Slattery was a member of the Kerry Senior team for a number of years and was captain of the team that won the NHL Div 2 title in 2001 when Kerry beat Westmeath on a score line of 4-14 to 3-10 at Croke Park Slattery scoring 1-10 of his sides total. In 2003 he was Kerrys top scorer in the championship with 3-23 with put him 4th in Munster along with the likes of Joe Deane, Paul Flynn and Eoin Kelly. He was also on two losing league final teams in 2003 and 2006. He was a member of the Munster Railway Cup team in 1998.
Provence.
References

</doc>
<doc id="20559838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559838" title="Intertidal wetland">
Intertidal wetland

An intertidal wetland is an area along a shoreline that is exposed to air at low tide and submerged at high tide. This type of wetland is defined by an intertidal zone and includes its own intertidal ecosystems.
Description.
The main types of intertidal wetlands are mudflats (e.g., mangrove swamps) and salt marshes. The mangrove swamps are encountered along tropical shores and are characterized by tree vegetation, while salt marshes are mostly found in temperate zones and are mostly grass ecosystems. 
Intertidal wetlands are commonly encountered in most estuaries. Intertidal wetland ecosystems are amongst the most productive plant communities and often constitute a large part of the estuary areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20559850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559850" title="Neil Selkirk">
Neil Selkirk

Neil Selkirk (born June 25, 1947) is an American photographer known for his portraiture.
Photography career.
Selkirk was born in London, England. He studied Photography at the London College of Printing, graduating in 1968 and Moved to New York City in 1970 to work as an assistant for photographer Hiro (photographer). The following year, he studied with photographer Diane Arbus in her master class. In 1973 he began photographing for "Esquire Magazine", Andy Warhol’s "Interview" and the "New York Times Magazine". During the 1980s he was involved in magazine start-ups that proved to be highly influential. He photographed with other magazines, including the covers and inside stories for the premier issues of "Spy Magazine," "Wired Magazine," "Paper Magazine" and "Colors magazine".
His photographs are in major US museum collections, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York and the Houston Museum of Fine Arts. In 2005 he directed the Documentary film: "Who is Marvin Israel", which premiered at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. He is the only person ever authorized to make posthumous prints of the work of Diane Arbus.
Personal life.
Neil Selkirk married Susan Spiller on August 28, 1976. They have two children: Alexander, born September 21, 1977 and Zane, born August 3, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20559858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559858" title="Ministry of Education (Spain)">
Ministry of Education (Spain)

The Ministry of Education (Spanish: "Ministerio de Educación") is the ministry of the government of Spain responsible for the administration and the preservation of the public universities, non-university education and professional training.
The predecessor of this ministry was established during the reign of Maria Christina of Austria with the creation of the Ministry of Public Instruction and the Arts ("Ministerio de Instrucción Pública y Bellas Artes"), formed by royal decree on the April 18, 1900. The ministry's first minister was Antonio García Alix.
The current minister José Ignacio Wert, independent.
Denomination of the Ministry.
Since the reign of Alfonso XIII, the current Ministry of Education has successively been known by the following titles:

</doc>
<doc id="20559865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559865" title="Velocette KTT">
Velocette KTT

The Velocette KTT is a racing British motorcycle made by Velocette. The most significant variant of the Model K series of overhead camshaft Velocette motorcycles, the "TT" designation indicated the machine was intended for racing, and was an early example of a 'production racer' (although KTTs could be ordered as road-legal machines). The Velocette KTT was notable for having the first positive-stop foot gear change on a motorcycle. As well as being significant improvement for racing, this quickly replaced the difficult hand gear change lever and became the standard for almost all motorcycles to this day.
Development.
Based on the Velocette KSS, the KTT was developed as a production racer specifically for the challenging Isle of Man TT course, which was the most important road race in the world at the time. A racing version of the Model K was built by Percy and Eugene Goodman, sons of the Velocette founder Johannes Gutgemann, in 1925 and after twelve months of development secured Velocette their first TT win in 1926. Alec Bennett was the winner with Gus Kuhn and Fred Povey finishing in the first nine to give the factory the team prize. Further work on KTT led to the first positive-stop foot gear change on a motorcycle in 1928. Other makers had modified the hand change for foot operation but none had designed a mechanism which could change gears up or down with a single movement, and return the shift lever to its original position. As well as being significant improvement for racing, this quickly replaced the hand gear change lever and became the standard for almost all motorcycles to this day.
The Velocette KTT went on to become one of the most successful 350cc production racing motorcycles of all time, with a host of wins in international competition. The model was continually developed in a 'Mark' series, with the first year (1929) retroactively designated the 'Mark I', and each successive year given its own 'Mark' as changes to the engine, frame, forks, wheels, etc continued. The first significant change came in late 1935, with the Mark V KTT, which had a new full-cradle frame (replacing the previous open-bottom frame which used the engine as a stressed member, from 1929-'35), which was identical to the KSS Mk2 frame. 1936 saw a break in KTT production, as only an estimated 6 Mark VI KTT's were built, for very select riders. The Mark VI used the cast aluminum cylinder head of the KSS Mk2, the first KTT with an aluminum cylinder head. 
After contracting Stanley Woods to ride for the Veloce racing team, his feedback led to changes in the KTT chassis for 1937 and the Mark VII KTT, as the engine was moved forward approx. 1.5" to give better handling. The engine had been significantly redesigned with a new aluminum cylinder head and barrel of much larger proportions, to improve cooling. The new-look engine produced significantly more power, and while only about 40 Mark VII KTTs were built, they are considered among the most beautiful of the series, as well as being very successful racers. 
Following the introduction of swingarm rear suspension on the factory race team in 1937, Veloce introduced the Mark VIII KTT in 1938, which was the first production motorcycle to use a swinging-arm rear fork with enclosed suspension units ('shocks'), although these were 'oleo pneumatic' and used air as the springing medium, and not spring/oil shocks as adopted by the motorcycle (and car) industry postwar. The system was developed by Veloce designer Harold Willis, who flew a light plane with Oleo suspension legs; he contacted the Oleo company for a special pair of air shocks, which were used by Veloce for their factory racing motorcycles from 1937 onwards, and appeared on the production KTT Mark VIII in 1938.
Production of the Velocette Mark VIII KTT ended in 1949, with around 238 models built. Around 1000 KTTs were produced in total from 1929 - 1950. 

</doc>
<doc id="20559873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559873" title="Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News">
Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News

The Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News was an English weekly magazine founded in 1874 and published in London. In 1945 it changed its name to the Sport and Country, and in 1957 to the Farm and Country, before closing in 1970.
History.
The "Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News" was founded in 1874. The paper covered, as its title indicates, both sporting and theatrical events, including news and criticism. It also contained original pieces of fiction in serials and a story or two in each issue. There were numerous similar publications in Britain at the time, including "The Illustrated London News", which shared its address and some illustrators with the magazine.
In 1883, the paper published a cartoon showing Oscar Wilde in convict dress, which was considered at the time to be a very serious slur. Twelve years later, Wilde was convicted of "gross indecency" and sentenced to two years penal labour. 
The paper is a good source of illustrations from sporting and theatre events, such as images of horse racing. Notable illustrators included Louis Wain, Frank R. Grey, D. H. Friston, Alfred Concanen and Alfred Bryan. In 1920, its address was 172, Strand, London WC 2. 
Notable editors included James Wentworth Day, who served in the post between 1935 and 1937. 
The magazine's published fiction included W. S. Gilbert's short piece, "Actors, Authors and Audiences" in 1880's "Holly Leaves", its annual Christmas special, Bram Stoker's "The Squaw" (1893) and "Crooken Sands" (1894), Agatha Christie's story "The Unbreakable Alibi" in "Holly Leaves" of 1928, and her "Sing a Song of Sixpence" in the following year's "Holly Leaves". The Irish chess grand master George Alcock MacDonnell wrote a regular chess column under the name of "Mars".
According to a "Catalogue of Printed Books in the Library of the British Museum", the British Library holds copies of the paper from 28 February 1874. The University of Wisconsin–Madison has all but three of the first twenty-five volumes in its English and Irish Periodicals collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20559880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559880" title="Kunz von Kaufungen">
Kunz von Kaufungen

Kunz von Kaufungen (also known as Conrad von Kaufungen, or Kunz von Kauffungen; c. 1410 - July 14, 1455), was a German knight and military commander. A veteran of the Hussite wars, he also fought for Frederick II, Elector of Saxony against Frederick's brother Duke William III during the Saxon Fratricidal War (1446–1451). Afterwards, Kunz was not repaid or recognized for his services and loss of property during the war, and eventually during the "Prinzenraub" (English: "The stealing of the princes") he kidnapped Frederick II's two sons. He was caught and later executed.
Background.
Kunz von Kaufungen was a knight who lived in the tower of Kaufungen located near modern day Limbach-Oberfrohna. Kunz was known for defeating and holding for ransom Albert III, Elector of Brandenburg, one of the best fighters of the time. Kunz also fought in the Hussite wars.
Relationship with Frederick II, Elector of Saxony.
Saxon Fratricidal War.
The Saxon Fratricidal War first broke out between Frederick II, Elector of Saxony and Duke William III in 1446 when they were unable to resolve their dispute in the Division of Altenburg. Frederick proved stronger, and William brought in forces from Bohemia, including Hussites. Frederick's forces were led by various commanders and captains, including Kunz von Kaufungen. Kunz won a victory at Gera while commanding Frederick's forces and occupied the small town, however William's forces and Bohemian allies caused a large amount of damage to the area around Kaufungen in return. Kunz had much of his property destroyed and was captured by Bohemian forces. Eventually he paid the sum of 4,000 golden gulden for his freedom, which was a very large sum for the time. No side could gain a clear advantage throughout the war and the fighting turned out to be an extended period of "ruinous confusion" for the region. The war lasted five years and ended on January 27, 1451 when a peace was reached at Naumburg.
The "Prinzenraub".
After the war, Kunz von Kaufungen expected to be repaid by Frederick II for the massive losses of his property during the fighting. Frederick also had losses of his own, and, therefore, followed his contract with Kunz and did not repay the damages or the ransom Kunz paid to the Bohemians. Frederick stated that Kunz was just his hired soldier, and he was not bound to protect him or repay his losses. Frederick eventually agreed upon bringing in arbitrators to settle the case, but Kunz left the arbitration before hearing the verdict when he realized it would not reach his expectations. Kunz continued to complain and insult Frederick until Frederick banished him from his land. Kunz left to Bohemia and lived in the castle of Isenburg until, on July 7, 1455, Kunz kidnapped Frederick's two sons, Ernest and Albert, from the castle of Altenburg in what was called the "Prinzenraub" (English: "The stealing of the princes"). Kunz planned and did this as revenge for the lack of recognition and payment for his previous services to Frederick II. Prince Albert was found on the same night of the kidnapping when Kunz was overwhelmed and captured by a collier. Prince Ernst was released four days later when Kunz's accomplices released him for a pardon. On July 14, 1455, Kunz von Kaufungen was beheaded by order of Frederick at the marketplace of Freiberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20559956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20559956" title="Mohammed El Berkani">
Mohammed El Berkani

Mohammed El Berkani or Elberkani (born 13 December 1982 in Heerlen) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent. Since 2012 he has a contract with OC Khouribga in the Moroccan First Division until 2014.
Personal life.
El-Berkani also holds Moroccan citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20560000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560000" title="Robert Crosthwaite">
Robert Crosthwaite

Robert Jarratt Crosthwaite, DD (13 October 1837, Wellington, Somerset – 9 September 1925, Bolton Percy) was the inaugural Bishop of Beverley in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Born in Wellington, Somerset, on 13 October 1837, Robert Crosthwaite was the son of the Rev. Canon Benjamin Crosthwaite. He was educated at Leeds Grammar School and Trinity College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1862, he began his career with a curacy at North Cave after which he was Domestic Chaplain to the Archbishop of York. Following incumbencies in Brayton and York he was Rector of Bolton Percy until appointed Archdeacon of York in 1884. Five years later he became a Suffragan to assist within the Diocese of York and served to 1923. He died on 9 September 1925 at Bolton Percy.

</doc>
<doc id="20560001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560001" title="2004 Toronto Rock season">
2004 Toronto Rock season

The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2004 season was the 7th in franchise history and 6th as the Rock.
The Rock continued its dynasty on top of the NLL standings, finishing first in its division for the sixth straight year. The Rock lost to the Buffalo Bandits in the division final, failing in their attempt at three consecutive championships.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"

</doc>
<doc id="20560006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560006" title="Aaron Boone (American football)">
Aaron Boone (American football)

Aaron Rostenbach Boone (born January 13, 1978) is a former American professional football player who was a wide receiver in the NFL Europe League (NFLE) and Arena Football League (AFL). After playing college football for the University of Kentucky, he was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL) in 2003. He played professionally for the Berlin Thunder of NFLE, and the Philadelphia Soul, Kansas City Brigade, and Utah Blaze of the AFL. In 2011, before suffering a career ending knee surgery, Boone became the all-time Utah Blaze franchise leading wide receiver in all categories including receptions, yards and touchdowns.
High school years.
Boone attended Millard High School in Fillmore, Utah, where he was an All-State selection in baseball, basketball and football. In his senior year he led his team as quarterback to a 2-A state championship title in 1995. Served as student body president.
College career.
University of Kentucky as a senior, he led the team in all receiving categories with 41 receptions for 706 yards and 10 touchdowns. He led the nation in Receptions-to-Touchdowns ration (minimum of 10 touchdowns) with 4:1. He also tied for the most receiving touchdowns in the SEC. He graduated with a degree in Business Management and a minor in Spanish.
Previous to transferring to Kentucky in 2000, Boone earned First-team All-America by the JC Gridwire and All-America by the National Junior College Athletic Association at Snow College in Ephraim Utah. He caught 81 passes for 1,505 yards and 19 touchdowns in his Sophomore year.
Professional career.
National Football League/NFL Europe.
Boone signed as a free agent with the Dallas Cowboys in 2003. The following year, he was signed by the Chicago Bears and allocated to NFL Europe where he played for the Berlin Thunder. Boone had 13 receptions for 221 yards and four touchdowns. He led the league in touchdown-to-catch ratio (30 percent) and ranked third in receiving touchdowns. Berlin finished the season with a record of 9–1 and defeated the Frankfurt Galaxy 30–24 in World Bowl XII. In 2005, Boone signed with the Carolina Panthers and was again allocated to NFL Europe. He played in 10 regular season games for the Thunder and led the league in receptions with 43, ranked second in touchdowns with five, second in yards with 582, and fifth in points scored with 30. He helped the team to a berth in World Bowl XIII. After the NFL Europe season, he returned to Carolina and spent time with the Panthers until he suffered a season ending shoulder injury.
Arena Football League.
Boone joined the Philadelphia Soul in 2006. Later that season, he was traded to the Kansas City Brigade, where he was named to the AFL All-Rookie team. He recorded 66 receptions for 748 yards and 19 touchdowns as a rookie in only seven games.
Utah Blaze.
In 2007, Boone signed with the Utah Blaze, where he played in only seven games, due to an early season ankle injury. For the season he recorded 32 receptions for 420 yards and eight touchdowns. In 2008, Boone completed his second year with the Blaze finishing third in the entire AFL with 135 receptions and eighth in the AFL in yards with 1,527. He also added 23 touchdowns during 16 games.
In 2010, Boone recorded a career-best season, earning him All-Arena League honors. He played in 16 games where he led the Blaze in all receiving statistical categories. Boone finished third in the AFL with 146 catches, fourth in touchdowns with 46, and eighth in yards with 1,448. This was the second straight season Boone had tallied over 135 receptions, 1,400 yards and 25 touchdowns. During a nationally televised game (NFL Network) versus the Milwaukee Iron on May 14, Boone scored a franchise best seven touchdowns in one game.
In 2011 at the age of 33 Boone was on pace to shatter the AFL single season receiving records in receptions, yards and touchdowns until half way through the season when he suffered a career ending knee injury. Prior to the injury, Boone did became the All-Time Utah Blaze franchise leading wide receiver in all categories including receptions, yards and touchdowns.
Personal.
In his free time, Boone enjoys eating, traveling, looking for deals at yard sales, new business ventures, scuba diving, and ping-pong. His favorite sports team growing up was the Chicago Bears and his favorite athletes are Walter Payton and Andre Dawson. Boone is the sixth of 10 children. He is from an athletic family; his father played football at BYU, his younger brothers Jesse currently plays in the United Football League (UFL) for the Locos, and Jason played football for Utah, and his older sister Amy played basketball and volleyball at George Mason University as well as semi-pro basketball for the San Diego Wave of the NWBL.
Boone and his wife, Lindsay, currently reside in Sandy, Utah and have two young children.

</doc>
<doc id="20560007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560007" title="Rogelio Martínez">
Rogelio Martínez

Rogelio Martínez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20560019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560019" title="Barbary Shore">
Barbary Shore

Barbary Shore is Norman Mailer's second published novel, written after Mailer's great success with his 1948 debut "The Naked and the Dead". It concerns a protagonist who rents a room in a Brooklyn boarding house with the intention of writing a novel. Wounded during World War II, he is an amnesiac, and much of his past is a secret to himself. After Rinehart & Company published the novel in 1951, it received poor reviews and sold poorly. The failure of "Barbary Shore" and Mailer's next novel, "The Deer Park" (1955) triggered a decade-long hiatus from the novel by Mailer, which ended with the publication of "An American Dream" in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20560030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560030" title="Tinea incognito">
Tinea incognito

Tinea incognito is a fungal infection (mycosis) of the skin caused by the presence of a topical immunosuppressive agent. The usual agent is a topical corticosteroid (topical steroid). As the skin fungal infection has lost some of the characteristic features due to suppression of inflammation, it may have a poorly defined border, skin atrophy, telangiectasia, and florid growth. Occasionally, secondary infection with bacteria occurs with concurrent pustules and impetigo.
Diagnosis.
Clinical suspicion arises especially if the eruption is on the feet, ankle, legs, or groin. A history of topical steroid or immunosuppressive agent is noted. 
Confirmation is with a skin scraping and microscopic exam with potassium hydroxide solution. Characteristic hyphae are seen running through the squamous epithelial cells. Fungal culture is not necessary, but might be considered if the patient is using a combination antifungal and topical steroid product.
Cause.
The use of a topical steroid is the most common cause. Frequently, a combination topical steroid and antifungal cream is prescribed by a physician. These combinations include betamethasone dipropionate and clotrimazole (trade name Lotrisone) and triamcinolone acetonide and clotrimazole. In area of open skin, these combinations are acceptable in treating fungal infection of the skin. Unfortunately, in area where the skin is occluded (groin, buttock crease, armpit), the immunosuppression by the topical steroid might be significant enough to cause tinea incognito to occur--even in the presence of an effective antifungal.
Treatment.
The removal of the offending topical steroid or immunosuppressive agent. Treatment with a topical antifungal is adequate. If the tinea incognito is extensive, treatment with a systemic antifungal for one to two weeks may be needed.
If the tinea incognito is very inflammatory and itchy, a milder topical steroid might be used for a limited amount of time (three to seven days), together with the antifungal.

</doc>
<doc id="20560032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560032" title="Locust Gap, Pennsylvania">
Locust Gap, Pennsylvania

Locust Gap is an unincorporated community in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is about two miles southwest of Mount Carmel.
Geography.
Locust Gap is located at an elevation 1191 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="20560048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560048" title="Skerdilaid Curri">
Skerdilaid Curri

Skerdilaid Curri (born 6 October 1975) is an Albanian footballer who last played for FC Erzgebirge Aue. He also holds German citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20560051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560051" title="Leave My Kitten Alone">
Leave My Kitten Alone

"Leave My Kitten Alone" is a 1959 R&B hit, written by Little Willie John, James McDougal and Titus Turner, first recorded by Little Willie John, and covered in 1960 by Johnny Preston. The song is also the 22nd song on the second disc to the Beatles' "Anthology 1". The song follows the 24-bar blues format.
Little Willie John and Johnny Preston.
The original version of the song, by Little Willie John, on King Records, reached # 13 on the "Billboard" R&B chart and # 60 on the pop chart on its first release in 1959. The cover version by Johnny Preston reached # 73 on the pop chart in early 1961, at which point the Little Willie John version was re-issued and again rose to the # 60 position. Neither version reached the UK Singles Chart.
Over the intervening decades, numerous covers have been recorded, in different musical genres, sometimes with altered lyrics, by artists including Solomon Burke, Sam the Sham & the Pharaohs, Roky Erickson, The Syndicats featuring Steve Howe, The Sonics, et al.
The Beatles.
On August 14, 1964, during the recording sessions for "Beatles for Sale", The Beatles recorded five takes of "Leave My Kitten Alone", adding overdubs to the last take. The song was never mixed and was not included on "Beatles for Sale". Take 5 was marked as the best take (only takes 4 and 5 exist, 4 being a false start).
The song was remixed in 1982 by the late John Barrett in preparation for "The Beatles at Abbey Road", a video presentation shown as part of a public tour of the Abbey Road Studios the following year.(RM '82).
The song was again remixed in 1984 by Geoff Emerick in preparation for inclusion on the unreleased "Sessions" project (RM/RS '84).
In 1994 George Martin remixed the song yet again, this time for the "Anthology" project (RM/RS '94); it finally saw official release on the project's first volume the following year.
The First Gear.
While the public was not to hear The Beatles version of this song for many years, another famous 'British Beat' version of this song was released November 1964 as the b-side of the "A Certain Girl" single (Parlophone) by The First Gear, both sides of the single being produced and played on by Jimmy Page, who graced both songs with memorable guitar solos.
The Detroit Cobras.
In 2007 the all-girl group The Detroit Cobras recorded a version of the song for their album "Tied & True".
Elvis Costello.
While finishing his album "King of America", singer-songwriter Elvis Costello recorded demos for this and several other songs, such as "Blue Chair" and "American Without Tears." During his 1986 work on "Blood & Chocolate", Costello recorded a version of this song, though it was not used for that album. It would later appear on his "Kojak Variety" Album, a collection of 50s and 60s rock and roll standards.

</doc>
<doc id="20560054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560054" title="Merrian, Pennsylvania">
Merrian, Pennsylvania

Merrian is an unincorporated community in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20560078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560078" title="1958–59 Slovenian Republic League">
1958–59 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20560094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560094" title="Maccarone art gallery">
Maccarone art gallery

Maccarone is a contemporary art gallery in Manhattan, New York's West Village in New York City. Founded by Michele Maccarone in 2001, the gallery opened in an abandoned electronics store on Canal Street. The gallery was among the first to exhibit in Chinatown, and the space allowed for the mounting of several projects historic in scope and unique to the space, including young artists alongside historic figures. In 2007, the gallery moved to the West Village where it inhabits a space at 630 Greenwich Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20560104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560104" title="Dionne Lake">
Dionne Lake

Dionne Lake (variant: DionneLake) is a lake in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located west of the community of Arviat. The area is frequented by caribou.
Notable residents.
Dionne Lake was home at one time to Inuit sculptor John Pangnark.

</doc>
<doc id="20560111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560111" title="Eric Agyemang">
Eric Agyemang

Eric Agyemang (born 11 January 1980 in Obuasi) is a German footballer. He currently plays for Arminia Bielefeld.
Career.
On 10 April 2010, Agyemang scored his first hat-trick in Germany for Erzgebirge Aue against VfL Osnabrück.
Personal life.
He was born in Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="20560114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560114" title="Macedonian police">
Macedonian police

The Macedonian police is the police force of the Republic of Macedonia is run by the Ministry of Interior (). The Police is called "policija" (ПОЛИЦИЈА) in Macedonian and is a national force which polices the whole of the Republic of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20560115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560115" title="Gardner River">
Gardner River

The Gardner River (also known as the Gardiner River) is a tributary of the Yellowstone River, approximately long, in northwestern Wyoming and south central Montana in the United States. The entire river is located within Yellowstone National Park. It rises on the slope of Joseph Peak, Gallatin Range in the northwestern part of the park, and winds southeast through Gardner's Hole, a broad subalpine basin which is a popular trout fishing location. Angling on the Gardner is governed by Yellowstone National Park fishing regulations. After merging with Panther Creek, Indian Creek and Obsidian Creek, it then turns north and flows through a steep canyon where it cuts through a basaltic flow from approximately 500,000 years ago known as Sheepeater Cliffs. Below Sheepeater, Glen Creek out of Golden Gate Canyon and Lava Creek out of Lava Creek Canyon join the Gardner near Mammoth Hot Springs. The river crosses the 45th parallel in Gardner Canyon and is also home to a popular hot spring known as "The Boiling River". The river continues north through Gardner Canyon and empties into the Yellowstone near Gardiner, Montana.
History.
The river and the town of Gardiner were named for Johnson Gardner who was a free trapper in the early 18th century. In the 1830s, he worked northwestern Yellowstone and sold his furs to the American Fur Company. On September 13, 1869 the Cook–Folsom–Peterson Expedition entered the park region and crossed the river at its mouth on their way up the Yellowstone. On August 26, 1870 the Washburn-Langford-Doane Expedition entered what was to become the northern boundary of Yellowstone National Park at Gardiner and camped near the confluence before they crossed the river and proceeded south up the Yellowstone river. Both these expeditions did not explore the Gardner and thus did not encounter the geothermal features of Mammoth Hot Springs. The 1871 Geological Survey of the park region by F. V. Hayden did explore the Gardner and describe Mammoth Hot Springs, but the Mammoth area itself was named by an illegal concessionaire Harry R. Hohr who tried to claim land in early 1871 in the newly explored park region.
The lower few miles of the river is paralleled by the North Entrance Road Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="20560137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560137" title="Universidad Gerardo Barrios">
Universidad Gerardo Barrios

Universidad Gerardo Barrios, commonly known as Universidad, was a professional football team in El Salvador.
The club originated in Ciudad Barrios, San Miguel, birthplace of Archbishop Romero.

</doc>
<doc id="20560140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560140" title="The Time Still Ticks (EP)">
The Time Still Ticks (EP)

The Time Still Ticks is the debut EP by New Jersey melodic hardcore band To Kill The King. It was released in the summer of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20560147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560147" title="Luke Georghiou">
Luke Georghiou

Luke Georghiou (born 1955) is vice president for research and innovation at the University of Manchester. He is also professor of science and technology policy and management at the Manchester Institute of Innovation Research at Manchester Business School. 
Areas of Interest.
Georghiou is active in research and policy advice in the fields of research and innovation policy, foresight, and evaluation. He has advocated greater use of demand-side innovation policies, notably public procurement, to stimulate innovation and the alignment of research and innovation systems to address "grand challenges" such as sustainability, food and energy security and the aging society.

</doc>
<doc id="20560171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560171" title="Vermont Route 35">
Vermont Route 35

Vermont Route 35 is a north–south state highway in southeastern Vermont, United States. It runs from an intersection with VT 30 in Townshend north to an intersection with VT 11 in Chester. The entirety of VT 35 is town-maintained.
Route description.
Route 35 begins at the intersection with Route 30 in Townshend. It runs northeast, intersecting with Route 121 in the Cambridgeport section of Grafton, approximately west of the border with New Hampshire. Routes 35 and 121 run concurrently to the northwest for a few miles into the center of Grafton. Route 121 splits off to the west, while Route 35 turns due north, continuing into the town of Chester, where it ends at an intersection with Route 11. A short section of Route 35 in Athens is gravel, while the rest of the route is paved.

</doc>
<doc id="20560176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560176" title="Derek Parks">
Derek Parks

Derek Gavin Parks is a former Major League Baseball catcher. He played parts of three seasons in the majors, from until , for the Minnesota Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="20560181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560181" title="Serdar Bayrak">
Serdar Bayrak

Serdar Bayrak (born 27 August 1985) is a Turkish footballer who last played for FC Erzgebirge Aue.

</doc>
<doc id="20560191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560191" title="Richard Edgcumbe, 2nd Baron Edgcumbe">
Richard Edgcumbe, 2nd Baron Edgcumbe

Richard Edgcumbe, 2nd Baron Edgcumbe PC (2 August 1716 – 10 May 1761) was a British nobleman and politician.
The eldest surviving son of Richard Edgcumbe, 1st Baron Edgcumbe and his wife Matilda Furnese, he was educated at Eton from 1725 to 1732. Through his father's interest in Devon and Cornwall, he was returned as Member of Parliament for Plympton Erle at a by-election in 1742 as a Government supporter.
Edgcumbe was a heavy gambler, losing a "daily twenty guineas" at White's. He was given a secret service pension of £500 a year by Henry Pelham to provide for him. Meanwhile, he was made a capital burgess of Lostwithiel in 1743 and served as mayor the next year. He switched his seat to Lostwithiel in 1747. Dissatisfied with subsisting on Government charity, he unsuccessfully made application to Pelham for employment, rather than a pension, in 1752. He was eventually made a Lord of Trade in 1754, when he was returned for Penryn and the next year, a Lord of the Admiralty instead, serving for a year. In 1756, he was appointed Comptroller of the Household and was again mayor of Lostwithiel, being appointed to the Privy Council on 19 November. Succeeding his father in 1758, he was appointed Lord Lieutenant of Cornwall in 1759 and recorder of Plympton Erle. He died childless in 1761 and was succeeded by his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="20560203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560203" title="1959–60 Slovenian Republic League">
1959–60 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20560205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560205" title="Fort Christanna">
Fort Christanna

Fort Christanna was one of the projects of Lt. Governor Alexander Spotswood, who was governor of the Virginia Colony 1710-1722. The fort was designed to offer protection and schooling to the tributary Siouan and Iroquoian tribes, living to the southwest of the colonized area of Virginia. Located in what became Brunswick County, Virginia, near Gholsonville, the fort was completed in 1714 and enjoyed three successful years of operation as the westernmost outpost of the British Empire at the time, before being finally closed by the House of Burgesses in 1718. However, the demoralized Saponi and Tutelo continued to live on the allotted land, 6 miles square (36 sq. mi), into the 1730s and 1740s.
Background.
After the Tuscarora War broke out in 1711, Spotswood conceived the idea of a fort where he would settle the Siouan and Iroquoian tribes of Virginia that had been Tributary since 1677. The fort would offer them protection from hostile tribes, act as a trading center, and also provide schooling to their children to learn English culture. In late 1713, he got his idea approved by the Burgesses; it was to be under the jurisdiction of the newly formed Virginia Indian Company, which had a monopoly.
History.
In 1714 Spotswood himself visited the site and successfully persuaded the Siouan tribes, who included the Saponi, Tutelo, Occaneechi, and Nahyssan, to occupy the tract that was surveyed. However, the Iroquoian tribes in Virginia, the Nottoway and Meherrin, refused to take up their portion, saying they would not live with the Siouans. Spotswood even contemplated abducting them to make them live at the fort, but they eluded all efforts.
He named the fort "Christ-Anna" after Christ, and after Queen Anne, who died later that year. It was built according to state-of-the-art principles of fort construction at that time, in the shape of a pentagon, and a blockhouse with 1400-lb cannon at each of the 5 corners, 100 yards apart, so as to enable each to command within sight of the next two. Inside the fort was a school for Indian children, taught by a Charles Griffin, where they learned to speak and write English, and to read the Bible and Book of Common Prayer.
Lieut. John Fontaine, who spent some time there 1715-1716, left a detailed account of his observations on the Indians, and also recorded about 45-50 words and phrases of their Tutelo-Saponi language. He saw the fort at the peak of its success, and described hordes of "happy Indian children shrieking through the rain". Another visitor, Rev. Hugh Jones, reported that the 77 Indian students could read, write and say their catechisms tolerably well, and that the natives adored Griffin so much, they "fain would have chosen him for a King of the Sapony Nation".
Spotswood continued to take a keen interest and later started building his own house nearby, bringing his family there at one point in 1717.
Decline.
The monopoly of the Virginia Indian Company on trading soon aroused the ire of private merchants such as William Byrd II, who had inherited his father's lucrative Indian trade. While back in London, he lobbied the Lords of Trade, arguing that Christanna was an unnecessary expense, and calling on them to return to independent trade and dissolve the Company. Despite Spotswood's objections, they did so on November 12, 1717. In May 1718, a treaty was signed with the Iroquois of New York, whereby they agreed not to come east of the Blue Ridge, and the Burgesses thereupon voted to discontinue manning the fort. Mr Griffin remained until September, then transferred to become master of the Indian school at William and Mary College.
The Saponi and Tutelo remained on the tract for several more years, at a village called "Junkatapurse" (Tutelo: "chunketa pasui", "horse's head"). They began moving elsewhere in small bands around 1730. The largest part of them moved to Shamokin, Pennsylvania in 1740, where they joined the Iroquois, and were formally adopted by the Cayuga nation in New York in 1753. Meanwhile colonists had begun moving to the lands around the fort in such numbers that in 1720, Brunswick County was formed there as a separate county.
The five large cannon once at the fort are supposed to have been buried in the well; its location is currently uncertain. A lesser cannon said to be from Christanna was for years in the front yard of a private home in the vicinity, fired every July 4 and Christmas, and in 1900, was moved to sit in front of the Christopher Wren Building at William and Mary College. Another lesser cannon attributed to Christanna was taken to Lawrenceville, Virginia and fired to celebrate the election of Grover Cleveland in 1887, at which time it accidentally exploded; its remains in 1975 were said to be buried in the filled-in cellar of a former home.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, as a national historic district.

</doc>
<doc id="20560209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560209" title="Letitia Dunbar-Harrison">
Letitia Dunbar-Harrison

Letitia Dunbar-Harrison (4 February 1906 – 1994) was an Irish librarian who became the subject of a controversy over her appointment. She was a graduate of Trinity College Dublin. She was the subject of a documentary made in 2009 by RTÉ entitled 'Scannal - The Curious Case of the Mayo Librarian'.
Mayo County Librarian Controversy.
In 1930 a vacancy for Mayo county librarian arose and Letitia Dunbar-Harrison was recommended for the role by the Local Appointments Commission. The Library Committee of Mayo County Council refused to endorse the recommendation to Mayo County Council, claiming her grasp of Irish was inadequate. The County Council accordingly did not sanction her nomination. In response, the government dissolved the County Council and replaced it with a Commissioner who appointed Dunbar-Harrison to the role of county librarian. In December 1931, Letitia Dunbar-Harrison was transferred from Castlebar to work for the Department of Defence in Dublin.
Debate about motives for non-appointment.
The reason given by the County Council for not appointing her as librarian was her insufficient grasp of Irish:
J. J. Lee suggested that the resentment of local people towards the Local Appointments Commission for appointing someone with little or no local connections may also have been a factor, but argued that sectarianism was also involved:
He cited one J.T. Morahan who was:
Michael D. Higgins also suggested that sectarianism was a factor:
Professor John A. Murphy argued that it was a case of local government versus government:
The government resolved the situation by offering her a post in the Military Library in Dublin, which she accepted.
Life after Mayo Controversy.
She had met a Methodist Minister, Rev. Robert Crawford while in Castlebar and they married a few months after she started work in the Military Library and became known as Aileen Crawford. Because of the marriage bar she had to resign her post.
The couple lived in Waterford, Tipperary, Louth and Antrim and had no children. After being widowed in the 1950s, she remained in Northern Ireland.
She attempted to become a Methodist Minister, but was failed on one of her written exams for the post. She remained an active member of her church for many years and died in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20560218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560218" title="Dionne">
Dionne

Dionne is a surname and given name. 
Dionne may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20560226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560226" title="Clarence Lionel Adcock">
Clarence Lionel Adcock

Clarence Lionel Adcock (October 23, 1895 – January 9, 1967) was a United States Army officer.
Early life.
He was born in Waltham, Massachusetts, and attended the U.S. Military Academy from 1915 - 1918.
Military career.
Commissioned into the Corps of Engineers in 1918, Adcock served as G-4 (supplies and logistics) to II Corps in the Mediterranean Theater in 1942, before performing the same duties for the Fifth Army. In 1943, he was on the staff of Allied Forces Headquarters and then with the Sixth Army Group until the end of the war in Europe.
In June 1945, he was appointed Deputy to the Assistant Chief of Staff, Headquarters, U.S. Forces, European Theater (USFET); and then was appointed Assistant Chief of Staff in July 1945. He served as Director of the Office of Military Government for the U.S. Zone in Germany from October 1945 to March 1946, and as Assistant Deputy Military Governor for Operations and Deputy to the Commanding General Lucius D. Clay, Office of Military Government for Germany, from April to October 1946. Adcock received a number of awards for his service, including the Distinguished Service Medal, Honorary Commander of the Order of the British Empire and the Croix de Guerre avec palmes.
Adcock retired from active duty in 1947, but was recalled to serve as the U.S. Chairman of the Bipartite Control Office, part of the Military Government in Germany. He retired again in 1949, and died in Tucson, Arizona, in 1967. He is interred in Arlington National Cemetery, in Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20560238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560238" title="Writers Guild of America Awards 1998">
Writers Guild of America Awards 1998

The 51st Writers Guild of America Awards, given in 1999, honored the film and television best writers of 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20560239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560239" title="Advertisements for Myself">
Advertisements for Myself

Advertisements for Myself is an omnibus collection of short works and fragments by Norman Mailer, linked with commentaries supplied by the author himself. The collection, which was published by G.P. Putnam's Sons in 1959, features stories from Mailer's days as a student at Harvard College as well as later works, including his essay "The White Negro" and the short story "The Time of Her Time".
Table of contents.
"Advertisements for Myself" contains two Table of Contents. The first lists the contents of the book in sequential order, while the second Table of Contents groups the works into different categories, such as fiction, essays, and interviews. 
Reactions.
The first edition from Putnam featured a photograph of Mailer wearing a yachting cap for which the author was criticized. Mailer defended the photo on the grounds the hat made him look "handsome."
David Brooks of the "New York Times" cited the book as an example of a then-emergent and now-ubiquitous culture of self-exposure and self-love that stands in stark contrast to the humility that exemplified America at the close of World War II.
Ernest Hemingway, in a letter to George Plimpton, characterized the book “as a sort of ragtag assembly of his rewrites, second thoughts and ramblings shot through with occasional brilliance."

</doc>
<doc id="20560257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560257" title="Monarchy in ancient India">
Monarchy in ancient India

Monarchy in ancient India was sovereignty over a territory by a king who functioned as its protector, a role which involved both secular and religious power. The meaning and significance of kingship changed dramatically between the Vedic and Later Vedic period, and underwent further development under the influence of Buddhism. Although there is evidence that kingship was not always hereditary during the Vedic and into the Later Vedic period, by the time of composition of the literature, traces of elective kingship had already begun to disappear. Over time, the king evolved from the equivalent of a tribal chief to a fully divine god-king on whose sacrifices the kingdom depended for prosperity and on whose legislation society depended for order.
Kingship and the Vedas.
Vedic ideas about the establishment of the office of the steve king ultimately draw upon legends about the coronation of one god as king of all others. Legends abound as to which of the gods won this position; In the "Rig Veda", Indra, Agni, Soma, Yama, and Varuna are all addressed as "King." Indeed, kingship in the "Rig Veda" largely manifests only in the form of gods as kings. Hymns directly addressed to earthly kings, like 10.173-10.175, are the exception rather than the rule. In these hymns, the king is said to have been "established" by Indra and "made victorious" by Soma and Savitr. Although this implies a close dependence of the king upon the gods, the rarity of the figure of the human king in the ' agrees with the idea that kings at this time were basically on a level with tribal chiefs and were not viewed as divine. There is a provocative line at 10.124.8 which mentions people electing their king, and 3.4.2 in the "Atharvaveda" seems to confirm this. Also, several hymns in the ' demonstrate the importance of the "samiti" (10.166.4, 10.191), the governing assembly, further indicating that the early Vedic king ruled in a tribal setting where decision making by assembly still played a major role.
As was stated above, the king was not considered divine in the early Vedic period. By the time the were composed, however, the king was increasingly associated with the gods through his qualities and the rituals he performed. Also by this time, kingship had transitioned to a hereditary position and the "samiti" began to wane in importance.
Kingship in Dharma Literature.
Divinity of the King.
By the time of the composition of the "Mānava Dharmaśāstra", the divinity of the king had become well established. In "Manu" 7.4, the king is said to be made out of divine particles of several gods, including Yama, Indra, , and Kubera. This may be seen as closely related to the earlier belief that at his coronation, the king assumed various aspects of the gods. At "Manu" 7.8, it is stated that even an infant king must never be treated with disrespect, because he is in reality a god on earth. "Nārada" 18.49-50 echoes this sentiment, saying that the king's divinity is apparent in the force of his decrees: his words are law as soon as he utters them. This is in contrast to earlier Dharmasūtra texts, which seem to stress the king's subordinate status in comparison to Brahmins and make no mention of his divinity.
King as Protector.
The Dharmasūtras and Dharmaśāstras agree that it is the special duty of the king to protect, to punish, and to preserve dharma for those in his kingdom. However, a new myth of the creation of kingship not found in the Dharmasūtras and differing from those found in previous Vedic literature is seen in the Dharmaśāstras. At "Manu" 7.2, it is stated that the Self-existent Lord created the king to restore order to the chaotic world which had existed without him. Then the Lord created Punishment (spoken of as a deity), because through punishment the world is subdued ("Manu" 7.22). By performing his duty as protector and punisher, the king flourishes ("Manu" 7.107). The weak and helpless (i.e. widows, children, the mentally ill, the destitute) were to receive royal protection. Beyond protecting his subjects against each other, the king, as a Kshatriya, also had a duty to protect his subjects against external threats and wage war with rival kingdoms. "Manu" 7.87, for instance, states that a king, when challenged, must never back down from a battle; indeed, doing battle is his dharma.
"" of the King.
As was stated above "Manu" 7.2 specifically states that a who has received vedic initiation is eligible to become a king. Elsewhere, any twice-born person is forbidden to live in a country ruled over by a Śudra (4.61); likewise, Brahmins are forbidden to accept gifts from any king not of proper royal lineage (4.84). Yet commentators like Medhātithi, Kullūka, and Vijñāneśvara essentially overturned such rules about the king's lineage, stating that any person recognized as having power over a territory is to be understood as king, regardless of his "".
Authority of the King.
The basis of the king's authority is a matter of some discrepancy in the Dharma literature. Some authors of dharma texts make it seem as though the king's power lies solely in his adherence to dharma and its preservation. His edicts are powerful only in that they are in accordance with the Law; his legal decisions should be based on what is stated in the śāstras alone, not on his own will and authority. Furthermore, the king really only enforces what his Brahmin advisers declare to be dharma. The ', for example, is explicit that Brahmins will state what is dharma for the three ', and the king will govern accordingly (1.39-41). In other texts however, or even in passages in the same texts, the authority of the king involves the application of his own reason and will. So, in contrast to "Manu" 7.28-31, 8.44-45 in the same text states that the king should rely on his own powers of deduction in the administration of justice. Reasoning as a means of reaching a judgment even appears as early as the "Gautama Dharmasūtra" (11.23-24). But by the time of the "", royal decree had been placed above all other sources of law as the most powerful, abrogating all the rest. The power behind royal decrees is thus located increasingly in the king himself, even though he is still urged to preserve dharma. 
Indeed, while certain sources do mention that the king kept a cohort of religious advisers to consult in regards to various religious matters, the king remained a power unto himself for the simple fact that he bore the results of his actions and decisions, an idea grounded in the reciprocity shared between the king and his subjects: the king's salvation "depends on his subjects, for he suffers the consequences of their sins and profits from the merits they acquire". Similarly, his subjects depend on him, for if he "protects them as he should," his people may devote themselves "to their duties". Moreover, while power was increasingly located within the king, his role was maintained within a set of boundaries and the role he played within society did not extend into previously untouched areas. For example, within the matter of spiritual salvation (i.e. moksa), the king played no direct role at all; it is not his responsibility to "propound any superstitious idea, to lay down any part of righteousness," or to help define "what is or is not religion" nor determine its practice. On the contrary, the king was to act as the enforcer and sometimes intermediary through which the "imperial sacrificial ceremonies" occurred. Indeed, a special "affinity with the gods," most notably Indra, resulting from his role in personally conducting special sacrifice and ensuring others likewise performed the rites is mentioned as a source of the king's authority. Examples of such sacrifices include the "Rajasuya" ("the king's inauguration sacrifice"), the "Asvamedha" ("the horse sacrifice"), and the "Aindramahabhisheka" ("The Great Consecration of Indra").
Statecraft.
Following in the tradition of the Arthaśāstra, Manu and Yājñavalkya, in defining "rājadharma" (law of or for the king) go into great detail regarding how the king is to set up his government and manage his kingdom. In "Manu", for example, the discussion of how the king should choose his ministers directly follows the description of qualities a king should cultivate. "Manu" 7.54 advises the king to choose seven or eight counselors who are learned and of noble birth, without specifically defining their '. Out of these, however, one individual should be chosen as a prime minister, and the text specifies that this individual is to be a Brahmin. "Yājñavalkya" 1.310, on the other hand, advises that all mantrins be Brahmins. 
Lower officials ("amātya"s) should be assigned to duties based on their personal attributes, including honesty, intelligence, and cleverness. Among the tasks to be overseen by the "amātya"s were collecting taxes, supervising the royal mines, and collecting tolls for use of public transportation.
Manu follows in saying that envoys ("dūta") should be chosen based on cleverness and the ability to decipher hints and gestures, i.e., to read a rival king's appearance for clues as to his intentions and general disposition. The role of the envoy was vital for both diplomacy and reconnaissance. The importance of the role of the envoy can be seen in "Yājñavalkya" 13.328, where an involved set of preparations in made for both the dispatching and return of the dūta, including the meeting of the king with all his ministers.
As to the organization of his kingdom, a king, according to Manu, should place constables between ever second, third, and fifth village, and at the hundredth village. Superintendents with jurisdiction over one, ten, twenty, a hundred, and a thousand villages should also be appointed (' 3.9-10 has one, ten, a hundred, and a whole district). Any problems arising in villages are to be reported to progressively higher superintendents; states that when a solution is not reached by a lower superintendent, the problem must be reported to the next highest superintendent and so on.
The King and Legal Procedure.
According to Nārada, the king is the highest venue of legal procedure. This would indicate that only the most important of cases would be heard directly by the king, i.e. cases for which a decision had not been reachable in local community or guild courts. Manu and both state that the king may either try cases himself (accompanied, of course, by Brahmin jurists), or he may appoint a Brahmin judge to oversee trials for him. Manu even allows that a non-Brahmin "dvija" can be appointed as a legal interpreter, but under no circumstances may a Śudra act as one.
Dharma texts uniformly stress that the king be impartial in his judgments. Manu states that a king who is partial and unjust in his inflicting of punishment will himself be punished (7.27), saying at 8.128 that punishing one who does not deserve to be punished condemns the king to hell. Elsewhere, and Nārada stress that both the king and his judges be unbiased in their hearing of cases. This had religious as well as strictly legal implications; according to "Nārada" 1.65, a king who follows proper procedure in hearing lawsuits is ensured fame in this world and heaven in the afterlife.
In the ', the king is advised to hear cases in the morning, dressed in his regalia after having performed morning ablutions. This contradicts with "Manu" 8.2, which states that the king's clothing during his daily hearing of court case should be modest.
Much as an envoy is to decipher the disposition of a rival king through bodily and gestural clues, the king is advised to note a litigant's external clues while hearing cases to discern his disposition. "Manu" 8.62-72 distinguishes who the king may or may not have questioned as a witness in connection with a trial; a greatly expanded list is given at "Nārada" 1.159. Upon hearing contradictory testimony from witnesses, the king is advised at "Manu" 8.73 to rely on what the majority of witnesses say, or else the testimony of witnesses of superior qualities; if discrepancy persists, the testimony of Brahmins is to be relied upon. "Nārada" 1.142 states that the king should dismiss witnesses whose testimonies continuously contradict each other.
Following this inquiry, the case may be decided upon.
Taxation.
Kings Authority to Tax.
The king's right to tax was the logical next step after the theory of absolute ownership of lands by the king. Manu describes the king as the absolute lord of the land and as such the king was entitled to his share in the produce of the lands. The permission of the king was needed to buy, sell and donate land. Yet in reality the land was the people’s own, with the king only claiming absolute ownership. As long as the people worked the land and paid their taxes, they would be fine, if not the king could exercise his power and confiscate the land.
Bilateral Contract.
This understanding was part of a bilateral contract made between the king and the people. The people would work the land and give taxes to the king for protection. This contract implies that the people submitted to a sovereign authority that they created, they volunteered to pay the tax, the tax rate was fixed by the people, the taxes are paid to the king as a wage for his protection and the king has to answer to the people. From this it can be concluded that the king has the right to tax, it is the duty of the people to pay taxes, and the duty is conditional on the performance of the king in his duties. This idea of the king’s performance in protection in relationship to taxation is so important that some texts require the king to compensate for any stolen goods he failed to recover.
Limits of Taxation.
The king had limitations on how he could tax. He had to know when to tax as some times were better than others. The amount the person was taxed was to be determined by the nature of the person. If they had gotten rich off of doing wrong were to be highly taxed, those who were prosperous were to be taxed little by little and those who could not pay should never be taxed. The limit people could pay in taxes should not be crossed. Only profits and surpluses should be taxed. Increases should be done gradually and at the proper time. The king should use the taxes to help benefit the people.
Types of Taxes.
Bali.
In the early Vedic period the king collected taxes regularly from his subjects. These taxes were called bali and they consisted of 1/6 the agricultural produce or cattle for a given person. Another form of bali was tributes extracted from conquered enemies by the king. There was a system in place to collect these taxes, but the exact details have been lost to time. Even when other forms of taxes appeared in the later periods, bali was still present. It was used a special tax that was used differently by different kingdoms in order to gain additional revenue.
Land Revenue.
This was the main tax in the post-Vedic period as it evolved out of bali. It was important source of income for the state and it was employed in every kingdom since its founding. This tax entailed the state receiving 1/6 of the produce of the land. This tax was of the profits made from the land, not the gross produce. People could pay the tax either in the good produced or with money. There Also a survey would be done to assist in the proper collection of the tax.
Irrigation Tax.
The state had to look over and protect the natural sources of water. Also they had to build and maintain irrigation devices such as canals. If water was taken from rivers, tanks, lakes or wells a rate of ¼ of the produce was taken.
Toll Charges.
Duties placed on goods imported from foreign lands, produced in country parts and within the city. The rates varied between 4% and 20%. Marriage and religious commodities were except. There were other types of toll charges including: a water ferry toll, toll to enter the city, road toll and a use of harbor toll.
Sales Tax.
There were two types of sale taxes. One was a general tax of 10% placed on all goods. The other taxes placed on special goods such as jewels, land auctions and immovable objects. The punishment of tax evasion was the confiscation of the good purchased.
Labor Tax.
Everyone was expected to contribute to the common good. For poor people who could not pay their taxes in kind or with money would have to work in state factories. Also one day of each month, each person, including Brahmins, had to work solely for the king. This was called Visti.
Poll Tax.
This is a tax levied on individuals. There were two forms of the poll tax. The first was a general tax was levied on every member of a family. The second was a special tax that undesirable foreigners had to pay to enter a city.

</doc>
<doc id="20560259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560259" title="Maxwell Lake">
Maxwell Lake

Maxwell Lake is a tarn located in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of Northeastern Oregon. It is situated near the North Minam Meadows and is 16 aerial miles from the town of Lostine, Oregon. It is known for its two small islands and typically successful fishing, which make it a popular day hiking and overnight backpacking destination. It is the 16th highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness.
Trail.
Maxwell Lake is one of the few lakes in the Eagle Cap Wilderness that has an exclusive trail. The trail, which is named after the lake, has the trail number 1674. It is 4 miles long (one way) and the U.S. Forest Service lists it as "More difficult". Less than half a mile from the beginning the trail crosses a small bridge. The trail then begins to switchback for several miles, crossing Maxwell Creek. Here the trail has no bridge and the climber is forced to find another means to cross. Though somewhat shallow in the summer and fall, Maxwell Creek can be fairly deep in the spring time. The trail straightens for the last mile, but gains elevation quickly. This part of the trail may be difficult for some climbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20560271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560271" title="COMSTAC">
COMSTAC

The Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee (COMSTAC) is an advisory board within the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). COMSTAC was established in 1984 and provides information, advice, and recommendations to the FAA administrator within the Department of Transportation (DOT) on issues regarding the U.S. commercial space transportation industry.
Goals and objectives.
According to the FAA website, the primary goals of COMSTAC are to:
COMSTAC addresses industry issues through its various working groups, which provide recommendations to the full committee for adoption. Once a recommendation is adopted by the full committee, it is submitted to the FAA Administrator as an official industry recommendation. In addition to standing working groups, ad hoc working groups or special task groups are established to address specific short-term and/or current critical issues. COMSTAC currently has four working groups: 
Membership.
COMSTAC membership is made up of senior executives from the commercial space transportation industry; representatives from the satellite industry (manufacturers and users); state and local government officials; representatives from firms providing insurance, financial investment and legal services for commercial space activities; and representatives from space advocacy organizations and industry associations.

</doc>
<doc id="20560294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560294" title="Dionne (name)">
Dionne (name)

Dionne is both a feminine given name and a French Canadian surname. 
It derives from the Greek given name and archaic goddess Dione, being the female equivalent of the name Zeus.
Dionne is a form of the name Dionysius, and therefore the name means "Follower of Dionysius".
People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20560300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560300" title="1960–61 Slovenian Republic League">
1960–61 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20560310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560310" title="Robert Quinney">
Robert Quinney

Robert Quinney (born 1976; Nottingham, England) is Director of Music at Peterborough Cathedral, Director-elect of the choir of New College, Oxford, and was until recently Sub-Organist at Westminster Abbey. In addition to his work at the Cathedral, he has a busy freelance career as soloist, ensemble player, and writer on music. Since October 2009 he has been Director of Oundle for Organists, whose residential courses provide inspiring tuition for young organists.
In 2002 Quinney was named Royal College of Organists Performer of the Year.
Education and early career.
Robert Quinney studied at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge, where he was Organ Scholar from 1995 to 1998. Prior to this he spent a year as Organ Scholar of Winchester Cathedral and Assistant Organist of Winchester College.
On graduating from Cambridge (with BA and M.Phil. degrees) Quinney became Acting Sub-Organist of Westminster Abbey.
Career at Westminster.
After a year as Acting Sub Organist at Westminster Abbey, Robert Quinney moved to Westminster Cathedral as Assistant Master of Music in September 2000. In addition to daily work with Westminster Cathedral Choir, he organised and gave many of the Cathedral's recitals. In 2001 he became the fourth organist to play the monumental Passion Symphony "Christus" by Francis Pott.
Since moving back to Westminster Abbey in 2004 he has performed with the Abbey Choir on concert tours to the United States and Australia, and on a series of recordings for Hyperion. He is the principal organist for many special and daily services held at the Abbey. He won the Royal College of Organists Performer of the Year competition in 2002. His double disc "The Grand Organ of Westminster Cathedral" has been widely acclaimed. Quinney is also active as a continuo player and writer on music. His "Short Service" for boys' voices was written for the choristers of Westminster Abbey and first performed in 2008. He played the organ for the Wedding of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine Middleton in the Abbey on April 29, 2011, accompanying the choir and congregation.
Career at Peterborough.
In October 2012 it was announced that he would take up the role of Director of Music at Peterborough Cathedral in April 2013.
New College, Oxford.
In February 2014, Quinney was announced as Associate Professor in the Faculty Music at the University of Oxford, and Organist and Tutorial Fellow in Music at New College, succeeding the retiring Edward Higginbottom, a post taking effect from July 2014 
Discography.
Partial discography:

</doc>
<doc id="20560340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560340" title="Lionel Neykov">
Lionel Neykov

Lionel Neykov is an American songwriter and singer.
He became very popular in Spain during Christmas 2008 after his song "Freeze my senses" was selected for the annual advertising campaign of the Spanish Christmas Lottery.
Biography.
Born to a French mother and a Bulgarian father in Paris, he started playing the guitar when he was 21 years old. He soon started to write and record his own songs.
At the age of 24, he moved to New York, where he currently lives.
On summer 2007 he started working on his first album; "Songs of Want and Loss".
After releasing his songs on YouTube and MySpace, his song "Freeze my senses" was selected by the Advertising agency "Ricardo Pérez Asociados" for the television advertisement they were preparing for the Spanish Christmas Lottery campaign for 2008. When "Ricardo Pérez Asociados" was selected by the Spanish Lottery to produce the commercials, he was contacted again and got a US$20,000 deal for the use of his song on the advertisement, twice what he was offered initially.

</doc>
<doc id="20560343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560343" title="1966 Cannes Film Festival">
1966 Cannes Film Festival

The 19th Cannes Film Festival was held on May 5-20, 1966. To honour the festival's 20th anniversary, a special prize was given.
The Grand Prix du Festival International du Film went to the "Signore & Signori" by Pietro Germi. The festival opened with "Modesty Blaise", directed by Joseph Losey and closed with "Faraon", directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz.

</doc>
<doc id="20560349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560349" title="David Duncan (UK politician)">
David Duncan (UK politician)

David Duncan (1831 – 30 December 1886) was a British merchant and shipper and a Liberal politician who briefly represented the seat of Barrow-in-Furness.
Duncan was born at Alyth, Perthshire, the fourth son of James Duncan, a manufacturer and merchant, and was educated at the High School of Dundee. He and his elder brother James went to South America where they became very successful traders.
In 1851 he went into partnership with Alexander Balfour and Stephen Williamson in the shipping business of Balfour Williamson. He and Williamson were based in Valparaiso while Balfour looked after the Liverpool end of the business. 
After the partnership ran into personal difficulties, Duncan left Balfour Williamson in 1863, and formed his own company, Duncan Fox & Co., which became a great commercial rival of Balfour Williamson in Chile, with interests in mining as well as shipping. He returned to England and lived at Gayton Hall in Cheshire where he was a J. P. and was also a director of the Royal Insurance Company.
In 1885 he was elected as a Member of Parliament for Barrow-in-Furness, but was unseated on petition. He was then elected to represent Liverpool Exchange which he held until his death later that year.
In 1856 Duncan married Catherine Williamson of Anstruther, sister of Stephen Williamson. Their eldest son James was born in Valparaiso. James was also briefly MP for Barrow-in-Furness. His grandson by another son, Sir James Duncan, was also an MP and became a baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="20560359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560359" title="Art Benedict">
Art Benedict

Arthur Melville "Art" Benedict (March 31, 1862 – January 14, 1948) was a National League second baseman. Benedict played for the Philadelphia Quakers in the season. In three career games, he had 4 hits in 15 at-bats, with 4 RBIs. He batted and threw right-handed.
Benedict was born in Cornwall, Illinois and died in Denver, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20560377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560377" title="Ptolemy of Cyprus">
Ptolemy of Cyprus

Ptolemy of Cyprus was the king of Cyprus c. 80-58 BC. He was the younger brother of Ptolemy XII Auletes, king of Egypt, and, like him, an illegitimate son of Ptolemy IX Lathyros. He appears to have been acknowledged king of Cyprus at the same time that his brother Auletes obtained the possession of the throne of Egypt, 80 BC. He neglected the precaution of obtaining confirmation of his sovereignty at Rome, and made the additional error of offending Publius Clodius Pulcher, by failing to ransom him when he had fallen into the hands of Cilician pirates. When Clodius became tribune (58 BC), he enacted a law to deprive Ptolemy of his kingdom, and reduce Cyprus to a Roman province. Cato, who was entrusted with carrying out this decree, advised Ptolemy to submit, offering him his personal safety, with the office of high-priest at Paphos and a generous pension. Ptolemy refused, and, wholly unprepared to resist Roman power and deciding to die a king, put an end to his own life, 58 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="20560388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560388" title="Yoake no Mariko">
Yoake no Mariko

Versions and sequels.
The game was released in December 2001 exclusively to Japan and a Performance Pack was released shortly afterward. Following this, a sequel entitled "Yoake no Mariko 2nd Act" was released on 24 January 2002.
Gameplay.
To play "Yoake no Mariko", players must provide voice acting to correspond with a movie scene that unfolds before them. There are six levels (or scenes) in the game which include such genres as the western drama, the horror flick, and the Kung Fu action flick. As the background film clip plays, on-screen cues inform the player when to deliver his lines and how to modulate his vocal intonations in a manner similar to karaoke games. The spoken lines are then graded by an in-game algorithm and the player is scored on his performance. Specifically considered are the player's timing, volume and tone.

</doc>
<doc id="20560400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560400" title="Topical steroid">
Topical steroid

Topical steroids are the topical forms of corticosteroids. Topical steroids are the most commonly prescribed topical medications for the treatment of rash, eczema, and dermatitis. Topical steroids have anti-inflammatory properties, and are classified based on their vasoconstriction abilities. There are numerous topical steroid products. All the preparations in each class have the same anti-inflammatory properties, but essentially differ in base and price.
Medical uses.
Weaker topical steroids are utilized for thin-skinned and sensitive areas, especially areas under occlusion, such as the armpit, groin, buttock crease, breast folds. Weaker steroids are used on the face, eyelids, diaper area, perianal skin, and intertrigo of the groin or body folds. Moderate steroids are used for atopic dermatitis, nummular eczema, xerotic eczema, lichen sclerosis et atrophicus of the vulva, scabies (after scabiecide) and severe dermatitis. Strong steroids are used for psoriasis, lichen planus, discoid lupus, chapped feet, lichen simplex chronicus, severe poison ivy exposure, alopecia areata, nummular eczema, and severe atopic dermatitis in adults.
To prevent tachyphylaxis, a topical steroid is often prescribed to be used on a week on, week off routine. Some recommend using the topical steroid for 3 consecutive days on, followed by 4 consecutive days off. Long-term use of topical steroids can lead to secondary infection with fungus or bacteria (see tinea incognito), skin atrophy, telangiectasia (prominent blood vessels), skin bruising and fragility.
The use of the finger tip unit may be helpful in guiding how much topical steroid is required to cover different areas of the body.
Classification systems.
USA system.
The USA system utilizes 7 classes, which are classified by their ability to constrict capillaries. Class I is the strongest, or superpotent. Class VII is the weakest and mildest.
Group I.
Very potent: up to 600 times stronger than hydrocortisone
Group VII.
The weakest class of topical steroids. Has poor lipid permeability, and can not penetrate mucous membranes well.
Other countries.
Most other countries, such as the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, recognize only 4 classes. In New Zealand I is the strongest, while in Continental Europe, class IV is regarded as the strongest.
Class IV.
Very potent (up to 600 times as potent as hydrocortisone)
Class III.
Potent (50-100 times as potent as hydrocortisone)
Class II.
Moderate (2-25 times as potent as hydrocortisone) 
Class I.
Mild
Japan classification.
Japan rates topical steroids from 1 to 5, with 1 being strongest.
Allergy associations.
The highlighted steroids are often used in the screening of allergies to topical steroid and systemic steroids. When one is allergic to one group, one is allergic to all steroids in that group.
Group A.
Hydrocortisone, hydrocortisone acetate, cortisone acetate, tixocortol pivalate, prednisolone, methylprednisolone, and prednisone
Group B.
Triamcinolone acetonide, triamcinolone alcohol, amcinonide, budesonide, desonide, fluocinonide, fluocinolone acetonide, and halcinonide
Group C.
Betamethasone, betamethasone sodium phosphate, dexamethasone, dexamethasone sodium phosphate, and fluocortolone
Group D.
Hydrocortisone-17-butyrate, hydrocortisone-17-valerate, alclometasone dipropionate, betamethasone valerate, betamethasone dipropionate, prednicarbate, clobetasone-17-butyrate, clobetasol-17-propionate, fluocortolone caproate, fluocortolone pivalate, fluprednidene acetate, and mometasone furoate
History.
Corticosteroids were first made available for general use around 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20560403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560403" title="Second Serve">
Second Serve

Second Serve is an American biopic of eye surgeon, professional tennis player and male-to-female transgender woman Renée Richards. The made-for-television film is based on her 1983 autobiography "Second Serve: The Renée Richards Story" that was written with John Ames. The script is by Stephanie Liss and Gavin Lambert and the film was directed by Anthony Page. "Second Serve" aired on CBS on May 13, 1986, and stars Vanessa Redgrave as Richards.
Plot.
In 1976, Renée Richards is on the tennis court as a professional tennis player. The film flashes back to 1964, when Renée Richards is an eye surgeon named Richard Radley (both roles played by Redgrave). Radley has a successful career and a fiancée, but secretly cross-dresses at night. Unable to speak with his mother Sadie (Louise Fletcher), who is a psychiatrist, Radley consults his own psychiatrist, Dr. Beck (Martin Balsam), who advises him to grow a beard. This strategy works temporarily until Radley is drafted into the Navy, which does not allow beards. Following his discharge and a failed marriage, Radley undergoes gender reassignment surgery and becomes Renée.
Renée relocates to California, resumes her career as a surgeon and begins dating. After playing in a local tennis tournament in La Jolla, Renée is outed as transgender by a television reporter. In the ensuing controversy, Renée takes the United States Tennis Association to court, where she secures her right to play professional tournament tennis as a woman without being subjected to chromosome testing.
Critical reception.
Critic John J. O'Connor of the "New York Times" praised Redgrave's performance. Although noting that from a physical standpoint Redgrave is not very believable, O'Connor calls her performance "astonishingly convincing". While finding the script wanting for its tendency to reduce complexities to cliches, O'Connor also found that "Second Serve" "does manage, despite oversimplifications and evasions, to stick to the point. But it is the extraordinary Redgrave performance that slams the message home."
"New York" magazine concurred in this assessment, with reviewer John Leonard calling the film "calm and matter-of-fact, and perhaps too tidy". Leonard lavished Redgrave with praise for her performance, writing: Redgrave, tall and vulnerable, athletic and bewildered, fearful and loving competitive and lonely, manages to "transsex" both ways. She embodies, with the fine bones of that face and the twitching of her various limbs, every internal contradiction of the polymorphously perverse."
"Second Serve" was not universally praised by critics, receiving negative reviews from such outlets as the "Chicago Sun-Times".
Redgrave was nominated for an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe for her performance and "Second Serve" won Emmys for hairstyling and makeup.

</doc>
<doc id="20560432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560432" title="Gorno Aleksandrovo">
Gorno Aleksandrovo

Gorno Aleksandrovo is a small village in the Sliven Municipality in Bulgaria. The village is named after the governor of Eastern Rumelia, Aleksandar Bogoridi.

</doc>
<doc id="20560436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560436" title="Jack Komar">
Jack Komar

Judge Jack Komar is a Superior Court Judge of Santa Clara County, California. He succeeded Justice Ronald B. Robie, of the California Court of Appeal, Third Appellate District. Before joining the bench in 1985, Judge Komar was in general civil and criminal practice in San Jose, California for 16 years and was deputy district attorney for Santa Clara County from 1966 to 1969. He served as the court’s presiding judge from 1999 through 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20560455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560455" title="Velocette KTT Mk VIII">
Velocette KTT Mk VIII

The Velocette KTT Mk VIII is a British racing motorcycle made by Veloce, Ltd. who built motorcycles named the Velocette. The Mk VIII KTT was ultimate development of their "K" series of overhead-camshaft 350cc machines introduced in 1925, and the "TT" designation indicated a production racing motorcycle, and a near replica of the factory race team machines. Production continued until 1950.
Development.
The final development of the Velocette KTT, the Mk VIII KTT was introduced in 1938 at that year's Earls Court Show, and was the first motorcycle to use the now-conventional swinging-arm rear fork with a shock absorber unit (in this case, an oleo-pneumatic unit built by the Oleo Strut Co. of England). The rear suspension system was designed by Veloce development engineer Harold Willis, and was inspired by the Oleo strut landing gear on the DeHavilland Hornet he borrowed at the Midland Aero Club, while his beloved DeHavilland 'Moth' was undergoing repair. Contact with the Oleo company led to several pairs of air shocks built for Veloce in 1936, for which the factory's racing rigid-frame racers (similar to the Mark VII KTT) were adapted with a swinging-fork rear end and bolt-on subframe for the seat. The experimental first swinging-arms used an adapted steering head lug turned sideways, with the cup-and-cone bearings retained. Production Mark VIII KTTs used a more conventional bronze bush and trunnion shaft pivot for the one-piece rear fork. The first experimental swing-arm machines were raced by the factory in the 1937 season, and introduced as the Mark VIII KTT the next year, for sale to the public.
The Mark VIII KTT was offered from 1938 - 1950, after which Veloce closed its racing department.

</doc>
<doc id="20560465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560465" title="James Duncan (politician)">
James Duncan (politician)

James Archibald Duncan (1858–1911) was a British lawyer a Liberal politician
who briefly represented the seat of Barrow-in-Furness.
Duncan was born in Valparaiso, the son of the shipper David Duncan and his wife Catherine Williamson.
The family moved to Cheshire and Duncan was educated at Amersham Hall and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was called to the bar in 1883 and became a barrister of the Inner Temple. In 1890 he was elected as Member of Parliament for Barrow-in-Furness which had been briefly his father's seat. However he lost the seat two years later in 1892. 
Duncan was unmarried. His nephew Sir James Duncan was also an MP and became a baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="20560470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560470" title="Shira Tarrant">
Shira Tarrant

Shira Tarrant is an American writer on gender politics, feminism, sexuality, pop culture, and masculinity. Dr. Tarrant's books include "When Sex Became Gender", "Men and Feminism", Men Speak Out: Views on Gender, Sex, and Power, "", and the forthcoming New Views on Pornography". She is known as an unconventional feminist redefining gender rights.
Career.
Tarrant grew up in Cleveland, Ohio, attended Olney Friends School, and lives in Los Angeles. She has a PhD in political science from UCLA.
In 2010, Tarrant was selected by Progressive Women's Voices for its media and leadership training program, and was named a Woman to Watch by the Women's Media Center. In 2012, she was awarded the Glidden Visiting Professorship at Ohio University. She is currently an Associate Professor in the Department of Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies at California State University, Long Beach. 
A frequent speaker at college campuses and public venues across the country, Tarrant is quoted widely in print, radio, television, and online media.
Writings.
Shira Tarrant is the author of "Men and Feminism" (Seal Press), "When Sex Became Gender" (Routledge) and editor of the anthology ' (Routledge). Her most recent book, ', with Marjorie Jolles, was published in 2012 (SUNY Press). A second edition of "Men Speak Out" is forthcoming in 2013 from Routledge and "New Views on Pornography" will be released in 2014 (Praeger, co-edited with Lynn Comella). 
Within Tarrant’s "Men and Feminism", the first chapter titled “This Is What A Feminist Looks Like” introduces the issues of modern feminism, its growing inclusivity and relevance to male identified people (described from this point on as men). The chapter prefaces the book by defining feminism as “a movement for ending all forms of oppression, including gender based oppression” and explains the fundamental principles of the movement which include the necessity of confronting patriarchal, racist and binary thinking. While emphasizing how feminism applies to men (as the system of patriarchy also restricts men’s roles), it highlights how by accepting and working within the framework of feminism, men can use their own gender privilege to stand up and better the lives of those oppressed in our current societal system. Relying on quotes and anecdotes, the first chapter of "Men and Feminism" provides insight to a growing demographic of men who consider egalitarian views and social responsibility to be common sense in today’s world and persuades the reader to ponder “what men can offer feminism and what feminism can offer men”. 
In true third wave feminism style, the chapter does not offer one single avenue for which the movement is driven by but instead discusses the multiple ways in which all men can commit to acting as proponents for equality. The examples range from deconstructing traditional gender roles to calling out racist or sexist jokes, ultimately stressing the importance of “examining our own place in various systems of domination - how we benefit and how we’re held back” in order to generate social and political transformation. The chapter also introduces key aspects of feminism such as the importance of understanding intersectionality and refuting essentialism, effectively laying down the ground rules that are required when learning to think critically about all forms of oppression and the perspectives needed when working to mitigate them. By recognizing the fact that some forms of feminism have been unwelcoming of men’s engagement within the movement historically, chapter one also proves that there is room for men today and invites them to be “comrades in struggle”. Furthermore, while the chapter acknowledges the politics inherent in labeling oneself a feminist, it recommends that men need not fear the term and emphasizes that the success of an effective and well received ally ultimately depends on their actions and level of commitment. 
In addition to providing real life examples of men working through the lens of feminism and acknowledging opportunities for progress in daily life, the book is written in a clear and straightforward style, making it accessible to not only academics but also the target audience of young males. Overall, Tarrant’s “This Is What A Feminist Looks Like” provides an informative overview of the movement’s evolution and brings the reader to understand that in true bell hooks fashion, feminism is indeed for everybody. 
Tarrant's writing has appeared in "Bitch", "Bust", "Ms." blog, and other mainstream and academic outlets. She is currently at work on the book "21st Century Sex: Contemporary Issues in Pleasure and Safety".

</doc>
<doc id="20560478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560478" title="Next to You (Mike Jones song)">
Next to You (Mike Jones song)

"Next To You" is the third single from Houston rapper Mike Jones second studio album, "The Voice". It was produced by J.R. Rotem and features uncredited background vocals from R&B singer Nae Nae.
It was first released on Mike Jones' MySpace profile, and was then released on Amazon and iTunes on December 2, 2008.
Music video.
Mr. Boomtown directed the music video for the song. The girl in the song is often confused with American-singer/actress Ashanti, however it is not. Mike Jones had stated that it is a singer signed to his label and her name is Nae Nae. He also said she is in the music video to show the fans that it is not Ashanti.

</doc>
<doc id="20560491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560491" title="John Mankey Riggs">
John Mankey Riggs

John Mankey Riggs (October 25, 1811-November 11, 1885) was the leading authority on periodontal disease and its treatment in the United States, to the point that periodontal disease was known as "Riggs' disease."
Biography.
Riggs was born in Seymour, Connecticut and graduated from the Baltimore College of Dental Surgery in 1854.
He practiced dentistry in Hartford, and was seemingly the first individual to limit his practice to periodontics; he is thus considered to be the first specialist in the field.
Riggs was an associate of Horace Wells, and was the first surgeon to operate with a patient under anesthesia by extracting Wells' tooth in 1844 while he was under the influence of nitrous oxide.
Role in early periodontology.
Riggs was an opponent of periodontal surgery, which at the time consisted of gingival resection. He promoted the concept of proper oral hygiene and prevention.
Riggs first demonstrated his method of conventional periodontal therapy in 1856: he removed salivary and serumal deposits and necrosed bone from the teeth with scrapers that he designed. He then applied a tincture of powdered myrrh and polished the teeth. He published his treatment in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="20560492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560492" title="Wolves of Vučjak">
Wolves of Vučjak

Wolves of Vučjak () was a Serb paramilitary unit active in the Croatian War of Independence and the Bosnian War. It was established in Prnjavor, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
They were active in fighting in Okučani, Jasenovac and Novska. In August, 1991 the unit took over the transmitter on Kozara, and replaced RTV Sarajevo with Serb programming. Its leader Veljko Milanković was badly wounded on February 4, 1993 and later died at the Medical Academy on February 14.
A witness testified to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia during Serbian leader Slobodan Milošević's trial that the Wolves were trained in Knin by Dragan Vasiljković, ""Captain Dragan"".
In 2007, it was announced that the paramilitary's commander Veljko Milanković would have a street named after him in Novi Sad. Non-governmental groups protested the decision. 

</doc>
<doc id="20560519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560519" title="Samuel Bard (physician)">
Samuel Bard (physician)

Samuel Bard (April 1, 1742 – May 24, 1821) was an American physician. He founded the first medical school in New York. He was a personal physician to George Washington. His description of the disease diphtheria was instrumental in formulating treatment for that condition. He helped found the second medical school in the United States at King's College, now known as Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons He is also the grandfather of John Bard, founder of Bard College.
Biography.
Bard was born in Philadelphia as the son of John Bard, a physician. He first studied at Columbia College, and in September 1761 sailed to Europe to obtain a thorough medical education. He spent five years in France, England and Scotland and received his MD at the University of Edinburgh in May 1765. On his return, he found his father in debt for his education, which had cost more than a thousand pounds. He entered into partnership with him, and for three years drew nothing beyond his expenses from the profits of the business, amounting to 1500 a year. Having thus honorably discharged this debt, he married his cousin, Mary Bard, to whom he had long been attached. 
Bard formed the plan of the Medical School of New York, which was published within a year after his return. He was appointed Professor of the Practice of Physics. Medical degrees were first conferred in 1769. In the same year, the hospital was founded by his exertions; but the building was burnt, causing a delay of the establishment until 1791. In the time of the war he left the city, placing his family in the house of his father at Hyde Park; but anxious to provide for his wife and children and to secure his property, in the next year, he returned to New York, while the enemy had possession of it, and engaged in his professional business. 
After the return of peace, Washington selected him as his family physician. At this period he lost four out of his six children by scarlatina, which prevailed in a violent form. In consequence of the illness of Mrs. Bard, he withdrew from business for a year, devoting himself to her. In 1784, he returned to the city. Having formed the purpose to retire from business, he in 1798 removed to his seat in the neighborhood of his father at Hyde Park. But, when the yellow fever appeared, he resolutely returned to his post. By his fearless exposure of himself he took the disease; but, nursed by his wife, he recovered. The remaining 23 years of his life were spent in happy retirement, surrounded by his children and grandchildren. In 1813, he was appointed President of the College of Physicians and Surgeons. He died of pleurisy. His wife succumbed of the same disorder the preceding day, and they were buried in one grave.

</doc>
<doc id="20560522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560522" title="Ever Stays Red">
Ever Stays Red

Ever Stays Red was an American christian rock and pop band created in 2002 by a group of four friends who have been striving to create high-energy rock music with one purpose: to use their music to change the world. After two independent releases, and several years of touring, the band was finally able to get their newest album, titled "On the Brink of it All", released on the national level in 2008.
History.
Ever Stays Red formed in the fall of 2002, when the 4 recently graduated high-school friends decided to start a band. Determined to creating music that would touch people's souls, they bought a small home in Phoenix, Arizona, and became roommates. They filled the house with more musical equipment than furniture, and produced more music than meals, soon turning the small home into "the" loft studio. A short 2 years later, the band hit the road in support of their debut album, "I'll Tell The World". Playing in over 250 shows across America, they quickly gathered a group of devoted fans, with 3 songs from their album going into the 'top-twenty rock single' list, and the album selling over 20,000 units. With the money made from the touring, Ever Stays Red managed to fund a trip to Belo Horizonte, Brazil, where they performed nightly for thousands of young Brazilian teens, many of which lived in the inner city. Throughout that 12 day stretch of shows, the band witnessed firsthand the power the music had to transcend culture and creed, making them even more certain of their calling.
"Brazil was a turning point for this band,” says Carlson. “It was the moment in time when we all realized that we were a part of something so much bigger than ourselves. We came home from that trip committed to the idea that music becomes meaningful when it brings hope--we have always strived to make meaningful music. I wrote songs for the new album from my heart; songs about never giving up on the dreams inside of you, songs about redemption, songs about daring to believe in what the world could be."
Fueled by the idea of a second trip to Brazil in 2006, the band returned to their home in the states, and started recording its second album. They finally independently released the album, entitled "These Words Become Us", an album that quickly gathered airplay at numerous rock radio stations across the states.
In anticipation of the album's release, the band invested heavily into their live performances, spending tons of cash and hundreds of hours to build a mesmerizing multi-media production that made the already impressive live show into a spiritually moving experience. Throughout this time, the band toured with bands like Kutless, Sanctus Real, Falling Up, Hawk Nelson, Dizmas, Everyday Sunday, Stellar Kart, and This Beautiful Republic, which helped the band continued to grow their fan base and reach new markets.
In the spring of 2007, Ever Stays Red signed with Vertical Shift Records (VSR Music), and was asked to record a third album. Released in March 2008, "On the Brink Of It All" embodies the band that has given everything to chase their dreams. With compellingly honest vocals, and spiritually gripping lyrics aimed to please fans of rock and roll and worship music alike, the heartbeat of the album is the band’s firm belief that the dreams that inspire us should never be allowed to die.
References.
Music Faith "Ever Stays Red" Retrieved 2009-08-30

</doc>
<doc id="20560546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560546" title="Utah Valley Wolverines">
Utah Valley Wolverines

The Utah Valley Wolverines represent Utah Valley University in college athletics. The Wolverines participate in the Western Athletic Conference.
The school mascot is the Wolverine, and the colors are green and gold.
The Wolverines joined the Great West Conference in 2008. They have won the GWC Commissioner's Cup each year they have competed in the conference. Each year the Cup is awarded to the institution that performed best overall in GWC-sponsored sports. They joined the Western Athletic Conference July 1, 2013.
Teams.
Utah Valley University currently sponsors seven men's and eight women's teams in NCAA sanctioned sports with men's soccer to be added in 2014:
Men's Intercollegiate Sports
Women's Intercollegiate Sports
The school also fields several club teams including, men's soccer, men's volleyball, men's lacrosse, and men's and women's rugby.
The UVU student section is called the Mighty Athletic Wolverine League, or "MAWL", a name created by former executive vice president of student government Justin Davies.
The Wolverines play their home basketball games in the 8,500-seat Utah Community Credit Union Center. The men's basketball team finished the 2008-09 season with a 17-11 record, which capped off its 26th winning season in a row.
The baseball team plays at Brent Brown Ballpark, a 2,500-seat facility (3,000 additional fans can sit on a grass berm that wraps around third base and left field, bringing total capacity to 5,500) that opened on March 25, 2005. Brent Brown Ballpark is also the home of the Orem Owlz, a minor-league affiliate of Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, that competes in the Pioneer Baseball League.
The school dropped its men's club ice hockey team in 2009, it competed in ACHA Division 2, and played its home games at the Peaks Ice Arena, a 2002 Winter Olympics hockey venue. A grassroots effort by the student body and the community is underway to start an NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey team, if successful it would be the first such program in the state of Utah. As college hockey continues to grow, especially with the addition of an NCAA Division I program at Penn State to begin play in the 2012-2013 season and the newly formed Big Ten Hockey Conference more and more schools out west are clamoring for exposure.
UVU officially accepted an invitation to join the Western Athletic Conference in all sports (with the exception of wrestling) on October 9, 2012. They will become a full member on July 1, 2013 and will begin WAC play in the 2013-14 school year. With this move, UVU also announced that it will add men's soccer in 2014. The school's wrestling team will remain a member of the Western Wrestling Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20560557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560557" title="Baumann Fiord">
Baumann Fiord

Baumann Fiord () is a natural inlet in the south-west of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. To the west, it opens into Norwegian Bay. Hoved Island lies in the fiord.

</doc>
<doc id="20560569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560569" title="Patrick Watts">
Patrick Watts

Patrick Watts (born 21 November 1956 in Farnborough, Kent) is an English auto racing driver. He excelled in single make series in the eighties and competed in saloons in the nineties, mainly in the British Touring Car Championship. He still makes occasional appearances in historic racing events.
Racing career.
Early career.
His first title came in 1979, winning the National Mini 850 Championship. Between 1980 and 1982 he drove in various saloon cars before getting his first taste of the BTCC for Rover Metro Team in 1983 and 1984. In 1986 he raced in the Fiat Uno Turbo Championship. More titles followed, winning the inaugural Honda CRX Championship in 1988, and again in 1990. Also that year he won the Mazda MX5 championship. In 1991 he stepped up to the ESSO Production Saloon Car Championship, winning yet another title with a Peugeot 309.
BTCC Mazda.
His success in 1991 earned him a drive in the 1992 British Touring Car Championship for the new works Shell Mazda Racing Team in a Mazda 323. The one car the team put out was not on the pace of most of the other works teams, and he finished the season in sixteenth place. In 1993, the team switched to a distinctively painted single Mazda Xedos 6. The new car performed much better than the 323, with some promising results throughout the year lead races and qualified on the front row on more than one occasion. Unfortunately his season was spoiled by often being caught up in several incidents, and he ended the championship in fifteenth place. Mazda did not continue to run a team in 1994, despite showing promise in 1993 a team of 2 semi-works cars ran half of the season.
BTCC Peugeot.
In 1994 he replaced Robb Gravett in the Peugeot Sport team with the Peugeot 405. A good year for both driver and team saw him end the year in eighth place, including four podium finishes. Team mate for 1994, Eugene O'Brien, was replaced by newcomer Simon Harrison in 1995. A slightly more troubled season ended with Watts in tenth place with two podiums.
The new look Total Team Peugeot had a new car in 1996 with the all new Peugeot 406, along with a new team mate for Watts. Harrison was replaced with 1992 champion and fellow Farnborough racer Tim Harvey. It what was always going to be a year of learning for Peugeot, the car failed to perform on the track, and he finished one down in sixteenth place, one position behind Harvey the lowest position for a works driver. 
Despite higher hopes for 1997 with MSD running the team, the car performed little better despite an improvement towards the end of the season. In Germany the car was dominating but the British effort struggled mainly due to internal team problems and budget restrictions. Again he finished the year down in sixteenth. With the team struggling, he left at the end of the year and was replaced in 1998 by Paul Radisich who found the team a problem also and fared even worse than patrick.
Post BTCC.
He competed in the first two rounds of the Australian Super Touring Championship in 1999 (Peugeot 406), winning one race at round one and finishing 2nd in both races of round two. The race commentators called him "Paddy the Pom". After that he has done a few rallies including the Armajaro British Historic Rally Championship which he won on 2006 and we as second in 2007. His Touring Car efforts of the nineties were recognised in 2004 when he was selected to drive in the BTCC Masters, where his race ended after a collision with Jason Plato.
he now competes in an allard J2 and FIA mustang and has recently brought the ex works computervision MG Metro Turbo he used in BTCC in 1984 and Peugeot 406 that he used successfully on Australia in 1999. 
Racing record.
Complete British Touring Car Championship results.
† Not eligible for points.
‡ Endurance driver.

</doc>
<doc id="20560591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560591" title="Vendom Fiord">
Vendom Fiord

Vendom Fiord () is a natural inlet in the south-west of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. To the south, it opens into Baumann Fiord.

</doc>
<doc id="20560608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560608" title="Herodotus (physician)">
Herodotus (physician)

Herodotus was the name of more than one physician in the time of ancient Greece and Rome:

</doc>
<doc id="20560610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560610" title="Kenneth Loch">
Kenneth Loch

Lieutenant General Sir Kenneth Morley Loch, KCIE, KBE, CB, MC, (1890–1961) was a Scottish soldier and defence planner.
Military career.
Loch was educated at Wellington College. Joining the Royal Artillery in 1910, he saw action during the First World War at the retreat from Mons and the battles of Marne and Aisne, all in 1914. Leaving the front lines in 1916 he became an instructor in gunnery at the School of Instruction for the Royal Horse Artillery and the Royal Field Artillery until he returned to front line service in the Italian Campaign of 1918. During the war he was twice mentioned in despatches and received the Military Cross.
Between the wars Loch was involved in air defence preparations for Britain around the Empire. From 1926 to 1929 he was General Staff Officer 2 to the Territorial Army Air Defence Formations, and from 1932 to 1935 an instructor at the Staff College, Quetta; General Staff Officer 2 at the War Office, 1935–1937, and GSO 1, Royal Air Force Fighter Command, 1937–1938.
From the beginning of the Second World War until 1941, Loch was Director of Anti-Aircraft and Coastal Defence. He argued successfully against the use of chemical weapons in case of a German invasion of Britain. After a three year tour of inspection of anti-aircraft defences in the British Empire (a Special Employment), he became Master-General of Ordnance, India, from 1944 until his retirement in 1947. After retiring the service Loch was with the British Council from 1947 to 1948, then served as a member of the Control Commission for Germany, 1948–1949, and returned to the British Council from 1950 to 1958. He was also Chairman of Governors of Wellington College.
In 1929 Loch married Monica Joan Estelle Ruffer, the daughter of a German banker, and had three sons. He was also the uncle of the Labour Member of Parliament Tam Dalyell.

</doc>
<doc id="20560623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560623" title="Butterfield Center">
Butterfield Center

The Butterfield Center is a New Brutalist structure in downtown Cincinnati.
Designed by University of Cincinnati architecture professor David Lee Smith, the building promotes the structural and systems materials (concrete, ductwork, etc.) themselves by leaving them exposed.
The Butterfield Recreation Center (also known as the Butterfield Nutrition Center, also known as the Butterfield Senior Center) was closed in 2004 as a result of push to cut $4.2 million from the budgets of several city departments
In 2005, design firm Libby Perszyk Kathman (LPK) purchased the Butterfield Center along with the Marcus Fechheimer House, with the vision to conjoin the buildings and create a new headquarters and meeting space.
The Fechheimer House, which is also known locally as the Cuvier Press Club, also served as a part of the senior citizens' center from 1977 until 2004. LPK restored the Fechheimer mansion and commissioned Cincinnati firm FRCH Design Worldwide to plan the design for the connection of the two buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="20560628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560628" title="Samsung SCH-i770">
Samsung SCH-i770

The Samsung SCH-i770 is a wireless smartphone manufactured by Samsung Electronics. It is being marketed as the "Samsung Saga" by Verizon Wireless and is the successor to the Samsung SCH-i760.
Features.
This is the second "Global" Samsung smartphone to be released by Verizon (the first being the SCH-i830). It is also the first phone by Verizon to feature a pre-installed SIM card. One of few (the others being the Samsung Epix and the Samsung Omnia) that has an Optical mouse to make navigation on the phone easier, it also supports up to 16GB additional storage with use of a Micro SD card.

</doc>
<doc id="20560634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560634" title="First International (disambiguation)">
First International (disambiguation)

The First International is an alternate name for the International Workingmen's Association, an international organisation of left-wing radicals founded in 1864.
First International may also refer to:
In business:
In religion:
In banking:

</doc>
<doc id="20560640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560640" title="Dessie Larkin">
Dessie Larkin

Dessie Larkin is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He is a member of Donegal County Council representing the Letterkenny electoral area. He serves as the County Council's chair of the Planning & Economic Development Strategic Policy Committee. He is the highest paid councillor in Connacht and Ulster.
Larkin was the youngest ever chairperson elected to Donegal VEC. He is also a member of Letterkenny Town Council.
Biography.
Born and reared in Letterkenny, County Donegal, Larkin was educated at Saint Eunan's College in Letterkenny. He has worked in Unifi and been Chairman of the Peace III Partnership Board and Chairman of the Donegal County Development Board. He is married with four children.
First elected to the Town Council as a member of Independent Fianna Fáil in 1999, he also served as Town Mayor. He was elected as Chairman of the County Council on 27 June 2005, which resulted in him representing Donegal throughout the country. He served in this position for one year. Until 30 June 2005 he was Mayor of Letterkenny. Larkin joined Fianna Fáil in 2006 alongside Niall Blaney.
"Larkin v. the Football Association of Ireland".
During a football match played on 3 October 1993, Larkin suffered severe burning to his scrotum and inner thighs. In 2006, he sued the Football Association of Ireland (FAI). His injuries resulted from the lime used to mark the football pitch burning his scrotum and inner thighs.
The burning occurred when Larkin was playing a soccer match for Bonagee Celtic Football Club in the FAI Junior Cup. Larkin recalled the lack of changing or showering facilities. He removed his football shorts only to notice ""white stuff"" in his shorts. His skin was also inflamed. After an uncomfortable drive home, Larkin applied Sudocream to his testicles, took painkillers and went to bed. The judge in the case was told there were no instructions from the FAI regarding the amount of lime and water to be included in the mix. The judge awarded Larkin €9000, also stating that the onus was on the FAI to ensure players were sufficiently warned to take precautions to prevent such incidents happening.
Expenses and appointment controversies.
Former environment minister John Gormley illegally appointed Larkin to the Private Residential Tenancies Board in 2008. Larkin was also one of the few public figures who urged against a second-term as President of Ireland for Mary McAleese.
Donegal County Council and several media outlets, including Highland Radio, received documentation alleging Larkin was involved in irregularities in expenses payments.

</doc>
<doc id="20560645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560645" title="Canon lourd de 8 Gribeauval">
Canon lourd de 8 Gribeauval

The Canon lourd de 8 Gribeauval (Gribeauval heavy 8-pounder cannon) was a French canon and part of the Gribeauval system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval. It was part of the siege artillery.
The canon lourd de 8 Gribeauval was used extensively during the wars following the French Revolution, as well as the Napoleonic wars. 
Some of the earlier Gribeauval siege guns kept the baroque "dolphin" design for the handles.

</doc>
<doc id="20560648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560648" title="Modiba">
Modiba

Modiba is a New York City-based independent record label, production company, and music publishing company focused on international artists and social activism. The label was started in 2004 by Wesleyan University seniors (at the time) Eric Herman and Jesse Brenner. The initial success of the company's unique formula of top Afro-centric music and social activism allowed them to expand this formula further to artists all over the world, especially with the 2008 release of Modiba Publishing+. The record label currently represents Malian guitarist Vieux Farka Toure, Brazilian fusion band Nation Beat, and Sierra Leone's mega-star hip hop and dancehall trio Bajah + the Dry Eye Crew, while their publishing division handles the licensing of over 100 artists from around the globe.
Modiba Productions began when Wesleyan University seniors Eric Herman and Jesse Brenner created an Afrobeat compilation CD, the profits of which were donated to humanitarian workers in Darfur. The album was called the Afrobeat Sudan Aid Project (ASAP), and its widespread success has raised over $140,000 for Save the Children in Darfur. In 2007 Modiba signed its first artist, beginning the career of Malian guitarist Vieux Farka Toure, son of the legendary Ali Farka Toure. The company released his widely acclaimed self-titled debut, and, in line with their humanitarian mission objective, donated 10% of the album's proceeds to their Fight Malaria campaign in Toure's hometown, Niafunké.
Modiba's international reach broadened into the African Diaspora with the signing of the Brazilian-American band Nation Beat. The band fuses the traditional music of Brazil with the folk music of the Deep south in the United States and has released two albums under Modiba's representation, "Maracatuniversal" and "Legends of the Preacher". 10% of the profits from "Legends of the Preacher" are donated to Corpos Percussivos, percussionist Jorge Martin's organization for teaching arts and culture to the street children of Reclife, Brazil. The band has enjoyed widespread success, being featured on NPR and on stage with Willie Nelson at his 2008 Farm Aid benefit concert. The record label's most recent project is the anticipated global release of Sierra Leone's superstars and top hip hop artists Bajah + Dry Yai Crew. The group was most famously featured in the film "Blood Diamond", starring Leonardo DiCaprio, but their popularity has also earned them the support of artists like Talib Kweli, Moby, and Wyclef Jean. Their first album is slated for release in 2009 under Modiba Productions.
In 2008, Modiba officially launched, with the help of staff member Eileen O'Neill, Modiba Publishing+, a sector of the company that handles the licensing of an array of artists for use in various forms of media, including advertisements, television shows, and movies. This endeavor has enlarged their global range considerably, officially adding 35 artists from around the world to their catalog, and handling licensing in some form for over 100 artists. Modiba Publishing+ operates in conjunction with Evergreen Copyrights and aims to change the way the United States views international music. The "plus" in the division's title refers to the additional services Modiba offers in addition to publishing, including consultations and original music composition.

</doc>
<doc id="20560652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560652" title="Canterbury Hall, New York City">
Canterbury Hall, New York City

Canterbury Hall, New York City was an edifice located at 663 Broadway (Manhattan) in the 19th Century. It was used for entertainment and political meetings. It was a three story building where bawdy "concerts" took place. The building had a front of
forty feet and a depth of one hundred twenty-five feet.
Often called Mozart Hall, it was also a gathering place of anti-Tammany Hall political forces in New York City. The edifice burned entirely in the early morning hours of March 24, 1861.
Proceedings at the venue were frowned upon by newspaper writers such as one from the New York Times. He commented about Canterbury Hall advertisements promoting "the prettiest waiter girls in town". Along with a rival theater, the Melodeon, the establishment was "a nightly disgrace to Broadway and its adjacent streets." In November 1860 the proprietors of the business, Fox & Curran, were compelled to pay a license fee of $500 to keep the venue open. A New York Times editorialist expressed the opinion that this was a first measure in ridding the city of such "nuisances", which he predicted the New York State Legislature would soon entirely eliminate.
The property on which Canterbury Hall stood was formerly owned by a Reverend Wiley. His estate encompassed additional buildings on Broadway and was insured for $15,000. The fire which consumed the structure began among stage scenery and was discovered by watchmen. The owners of Canterbury Hall suffered an estimated loss of $10,000. A fire marshall began an investigation into the cause of the fire which was considered to be of incendiary origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20560676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560676" title="Coos Bay (disambiguation)">
Coos Bay (disambiguation)

Coos Bay is a bay on the coast of Oregon in the United States.
Coos Bay may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20560680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560680" title="Matchi-Manitou, Quebec">
Matchi-Manitou, Quebec

Matchi-Manitou is an unorganized territory in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region of Quebec, Canada. It is one of five unorganized territories in La Vallée-de-l'Or Regional County Municipality.
Until July 6, 1996, Matchi-Manitou was a vast unorganized territory encompassing . On that day, most of it was added to the City of Senneterre and a smaller portion to the City of Val-d'Or. It retained only two small non-contiguous areas, of which its eastern part is a section of land straddling both banks of the Chochocouane River and mostly part of the La Vérendrye Wildlife Reserve.
It is named after Matchi-Manitou Lake (), which used to be within its limits, but since 1996 is part of Senneterre and Val-d'Or.
Demographics.
Population:
References.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20560682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560682" title="Electronic signage">
Electronic signage

Electronic signage, (also called electronic signs or electronic displays), are illuminant advertising media in signage industry. Major electronic signage include fluorescent signs, HID (high intensity displays), incandescent signs, LED signs, and neon signs. Besides, LED signs and HID are so-called digital signage.
Status.
Electronic signs may be used indoors or outdoors. The display technologies are varied and changing quickly. Because of new display technologies, electronic signs are able to present more clear, colorful, and vivid images. Animated electronic signs gradually replace traditional static signs and increasingly take signage market share. 
Regulation.
It is not difficult to have an electronic sign for your business; however, it is not simple to get a permit to install an electronic sign. There are two terms for the advertising industry, off-premise advertising device and on-premise advertising device. Usually, there are different regulatory and zoning set up by different cities for different types of advertising media.
Results of State Statutory Review.
"Note: 10 states prohibit animation or moving parts except for public service announcement"

</doc>
<doc id="20560709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560709" title="Jason Graves">
Jason Graves

Jason Graves is an award-winning American television, film and video game music composer. He is more recently known for his musical scores for "Dead Space", a survival horror-action video game, and the 2013 reboot of the "Tomb Raider" franchise.
Biography.
Jason Graves is a British Academy Award-winning composer who has brought his passion for music to video game franchises such as Dead Space (EA), Star Trek (Bethesda) and Silent Hunter (Ubisoft). His Hollywood expertise allows him to move between film, television and games with minimal effort, and he is renowned worldwide for his cinematic, immersive and award-winning music.
Jason was solely responsible for creating an innovative, unique soundtrack for Dead Space, which has become Electronic Art's best-selling original title and called "the scariest game ever made." Jason's score has been hailed by critics as a "truly original soundtrack" and "the best score of the year." It was recognized with myriad world-wide nominations and won two BAFTA awards - one for Original Score and one for Use of Audio. For the latter, the Academy stated, "It's the music soundtrack that boasts horror and tension."
Jason's musical background as a classically-trained composer, jazz drummer, keyboardist, guitarist and world percussionist allow him to compose in many different genres of music. As a result, his game credits alone include more than eighty titles, ranging from electronic and rock to full symphonic scores. He performs world percussion and guitar on many of his own scores and has conducted and recorded his live orchestral scores at Air Studios London, Capitol Records, Paramount Pictures, Skywalker Sound, and with the Seattle and Salt Lake City Philharmonic orchestras.
Jason also composes for film and television, including his recent score for the thriller Fatal Flaw. His music has been licensed for television shows such as American Idol and The Amazing Race.
Recent projects include two hybrid electronic/orchestral game scores - one for the popular City of Heroes franchise, entitled Going Rogue (N.C. Soft) and a second for Section 8 (Southpeak Interactive), a first-person shooter set in the distant future. Jason also provided a live orchestral score for Dead Space Extraction, Electronic Art's prequel to the popular and critically acclaimed horror hit Dead Space.
In addition to the two BAFTAs, Jason's music has been honored with three Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences (AIAS) Award nominations, winning "Outstanding Achievement in Audio" for Dead Space. He has received seventeen G.A.N.G. nominations and four wins, including "Audio of the Year" for Dead Space, "Best Original Theme" nominations for and Blazing Angels 2 and "Music of the Year" nominations for Dead Space and King Arthur. He has also worked with famous Hollywood film composers such as Elmer Bernstein, John Debney, Harry Gregson-Williams and Jerry Goldsmith.
Current projects include three sequels for different unannounced flagship game franchises and the feature film thriller Nevermore. Jason Graves is represented by The Gorfaine/Schwartz Agency, Inc.
On November 30th 2012, Graves was revealed as the composer for upcoming Tomb Raider reboot, developed by Crystal Dynamics.
May 31st and June 1st 2013, Graves attended and guest conducted the world premiere live performances of music from Dead Space 3 and Tomb Raider at the Joystick 5 video game concert in Malmö, Sweden. 

</doc>
<doc id="20560721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560721" title="Keltner">
Keltner

Keltner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20560752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560752" title="1998 Paris Open – Singles">
1998 Paris Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20560759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560759" title="Heliopolis Sporting Club">
Heliopolis Sporting Club

Heliopolis Sporting Club (HSC, , transliteration: "nādī heliopolis al-reyādī") is one of Egypt's major sporting clubs.
Club's history.
Heliopolis Sporting Club was founded in Cairo on January 1, 1910, by the Cairo Electric Railways and Heliopolis Oases Company, which managed the club until December 31, 1921. On January 1, 1922, the club members took over the management by a contract signed with the company.
The activities of the club included water polo, swimming, diving, squash, tennis, golf, cricket, hokey, bridge, bowling, soccer, handball, basketball, Volleyball, Speed ball, Ballet, Gymnastics, Snooker, Athletics and different kinds of dancing.
In 1947, the area of the club was reduced to its present size (around 19 feddans) after the company took back the land of the golf course. Golf was cancelled after the frequent objections of club members to the large expenses incurres by the game, which, after all, was not played by many members.
Shorouk branch.
Like other major sporting clubs in Egypt, Heliopolis Sporting Club has another branch, in Shorouk city. The total area of the Shorouk branch is three times bigger than the main club in Heliopolis. Thus, that area is more suitable for all developmental and improving future possibilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20560776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560776" title="Jason Kanabus">
Jason Kanabus

Jason Kanabus (15 June 1976 - 6 July 2006) was a member of the Sainsbury supermarket family, and on his death he left £2.5 million to charity.
Working life and hobby.
Jason Kanabus was brought up on his parents' farm in Sussex, his mother Annabel Kanabus being the youngest daughter of Sir Robert Sainsbury. He attended the local comprehensive school and on leaving school he studied at Brinsbury agricultural college before deciding to work on the family farm.
Jason Kanabus's hobby was Lawn mower racing, and he was a successful racer, regularly winning races as well as helping to further develop the sport.
Cancer and death.
In June 2004 he was diagnosed with cancer and despite undergoing operations and chemotherapy the cancer progressed.
On his 30th birthday on 15 June 2006 he inherited £2.5 million from a trust fund set up for him by his grandfather.
Just three weeks later he was told by doctors at the Royal Marsden hospital that he was terminally ill and that he probably only had a few months to live. The next day he collapsed and died.
After his death, his mother wrote in his memory the popular web page, "Am I Going to Die?" to help other families with a young person facing a terminal illness, as well as a website about TB, as this is a disease that kills so many young people of Jason's age.
Legacy for farming.
In his will he left the whole of the £2.5 million he had inherited to the Prince's Trust, with the request that the money be used to help young people become established in farming. There has since been some controversy over the use of the Fund by the Prince's Trust, with claims being made that the Trust was not using the legacy as requested.

</doc>
<doc id="20560778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560778" title="Kirksville (disambiguation)">
Kirksville (disambiguation)

Kirksville may refer to a community in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20560798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560798" title="Concur Technologies">
Concur Technologies

Concur Technologies is a provider of integrated travel and expense management solutions. It is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, U.S.A.
Current status.
Steve Singh is the co-founder, CEO and Chairman of the Board of Concur Technologies. Under his leadership, Concur has grown to more than 15,000 clients and 15 million travelers in over 90 countries who use Concur’s solutions. The company completed fiscal 2011 with total revenue of $349.49 million.
Concur is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, with offices in Vienna, Virginia, Eden Prairie, Minnesota, Europe, Asia, and Australia.
Controversies.
Steve Singh, Concur President & CEO, made news in March 2009 when it was uncovered that he did not graduate from the University of Michigan with an engineering degree as was previously represented in corporate filings. While Mr. Singh had attended the University of Michigan, he had left it before graduation to pursue professional ventures. The board of Concur Technologies Inc. said that they have “complete confidence” in Singh following this disclosure, expressing regret for the mistake.
Acquisitions.
The following is a complete list of acquisitions by Concur:
Products.
Concur's on-demand software as a service (SaaS) solutions include:
Key competitors.
According to a recent report from TechNavio, Concur's key competitors include Ariba, IBM, Oracle, Apptricity, Cybershift, Insperity, Infor Global Solutions, and SutiSoft. A few of these vendors - Oracle and Sutisoft in particular - are focusing on providing integration platforms for end-to-end SaaS solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20560807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560807" title="Field-of-use limitation">
Field-of-use limitation

A field-of-use limitation is a provision in a patent license that limits the scope of what the patent owner authorizes a manufacturing licensee (that is, a licensee that manufactures a patented product or performs a patented process) to do in relation to the patent, by specifying a defined field of use -- that is, a defined field of permissible operation by the licensee. In addition to affirmatively specifying the field of use, the license may negatively specify a field or fields, by specifying fields of use from which the licensee is excluded. 
By way of example, such a license might authorize a licensee to manufacture patented engines only for incorporation into trucks, or to manufacture a chemical only for sale to farmers (as contrasted with home gardeners). If the licensee exceeded the scope of the licensee, it would commit patent infringement. More generally, this kind of license permits the licensee to use the patented invention in some, but not all, possible ways in which the invention could be exploited. In an "exclusive" field-of-use license the licensee is the only person authorized to use the invention in the field of the license.
The concept of fields of use and field-of-use limitations is explained in the article The Doctrine of the General Talking Pictures Case. Field-of-use limitations in patent licenses may raise antitrust issues when such arrangements are used to allocate markets or create cartels.
USA case law.
The US Supreme Court held such arrangements legitimate in "General Talking Pictures Corp. v. Western Elec. Co." By way of example, such a license might authorize a licensee to manufacture patented engines only for incorporation into trucks (the "truck field"), or to manufacture such engines only for sale to farmers (the "field of distribution to farmers"). If the licensee exceeded the scope of the licensee, it would commit patent infringement.
The doctrine of the "General Talking Pictures" case does not apply to a patent owner’s sale (or its licensee's sale) of a product to a customer that imposes a restriction on what the customer may subsequently do with the product. Such sales are governed by the “exhaustion doctrine,” rather than the "General Talking Pictures" doctrine.
Furthermore, when field-of-use licensing is used to create a horizontal cartel by which product markets are allocated among what would otherwise be competitive licensees, the "General Talking Pictures" doctrine does not shield the arrangement from the antitrust laws. In "Hartford-Empire Co. v. United States", such a cartel based on patents was condemned as an antitrust violation. In "United States v. Ciba Geigy Corp"., the court found an antitrust violation as to patent licenses that restricted use of purchased drug chemicals but no violation as to licenses that limited the use of the same chemicals by licensees manufacturing them.
Free software licences.
It has been argued that field-of-use limitations are inconsistent with W3C standards and with the GNU General Public License.

</doc>
<doc id="20560808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560808" title="Death of a Gentle Lady">
Death of a Gentle Lady

Death of a Gentle Lady is the twenty-fourth mystery novel in the Hamish Macbeth series by M. C. Beaton. It was first published in 2008.
Plot introduction.
While the rest of the town is smitten by Mrs. Gentle, Hamish Macbeth distrusts and dislikes her. When she tries to close down his beloved station, he exacts his revenge and saves a beautiful woman from deportation at the same time by proposing to Gentle's maid Ayesha. By the time the wedding day arrives, Hamish is desperate to escape marriage; when Ayesha doesn't appear and Mrs. Gentle is found dead, he escapes one disaster only to be swept into another.

</doc>
<doc id="20560824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560824" title="R3D Consulting">
R3D Consulting

R3D Consulting Inc. is an information technology (IT) management and business process services (BPS) company. Founded in 1996 and headquartered in Montreal, Canada, R3D employs approximately 150 employees. 

</doc>
<doc id="20560838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560838" title="Equivariant L-function">
Equivariant L-function

In algebraic number theory, an equivariant Artin L-function is a function associated to a finite Galois extension of global fields created by packaging together the various Artin L-functions associated with the extension. Each extension has many traditional Artin L-functions associated with it, corresponding to the characters of representations of the Galois group. By contrast, each extension has a unique corresponding equivariant L-function.
Equivariant L-functions have become increasingly important as a wide range of conjectures and theorems in number theory have been developed around them. Among these are the Brumer–Stark conjecture, the Coates-Sinnott conjecture, and a recently developed equivariant version of the main conjecture in Iwasawa theory.

</doc>
<doc id="20560840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560840" title="Prussian National Assembly">
Prussian National Assembly

The Prussian National Assembly (German: "Preußische Nationalversammlung"), came into being after the revolution of 1848 and was tasked with drawing up a constitution for Prussia. It first met in the "Berliner Singakademie". On 5 November 1848 the Government ordered the expulsion of the Prussian National Assembly to Brandenburg an der Havel and on 5 December 1848 it was dissolved by royal decree.

</doc>
<doc id="20560892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560892" title="RNLB H F Bailey (ON 694)">
RNLB H F Bailey (ON 694)

"H F Bailey" (ON 694) was the second lifeboat at Cromer in the county of Norfolk to bear the name of H F Bailey. She replaced "H F Bailey" (ON 670) which had been stationed at Cromer until 1924. In 1936 she became the station's reserve lifeboat and was renamed "J B Proudfoot".
Description.
The lifeboat was built by J. Samuel Whites at Cowes in the Isle of Wight in 1923. She was a 'Watson' class boat and had a length of and breadth of She was powered by a single Weyburn 80 Horse powered petrol engine.
Donor.
The Cromer station had four motor-powered lifeboats all called H F Bailey after the donor, a Mr Henry Francis Bailey of Brockenhurst, a London merchant who was born in Norfolk and died in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20560897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560897" title="The Cloud of Unknowing (album)">
The Cloud of Unknowing (album)

The Cloud of Unknowing is the fifth studio album from James Blackshaw and takes its title from a medieval book. It was released in the United States on June 5, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20560899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560899" title="Palatine Maximilian Railway Company">
Palatine Maximilian Railway Company

The Palatine Maximilian Railway Company ("Pfälzische Maximiliansbahn-Gesellschaft") was a German railway enterprise that acted as the railway operator when the Palatine Maximilian Railway was built.
It managed and ran operations jointly from the outset with the Palatine Ludwig Railway Company. On 1 January 1870 both companies were placed under the combined management of the "United Palatine Railways" ("Vereinigten Pfälzischen Eisenbahnen").
Legally the Palatine Maximilian Railway Company remained in existence. Over the next few years it opened the following new routes:
On 1 January 1909 the organisation was transferred, together with the other two Palatine railway companies, into the Royal Bavarian State Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="20560904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560904" title="1961–62 Slovenian Republic League">
1961–62 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20560907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560907" title="Rockford's Rock Opera">
Rockford's Rock Opera

Rockford's Rock Opera is an ecological musical story created by Matthew Sweetapple, Steve Punt and Elaine Sweetapple. It was first released on the internet and also as a three album set by Sweetapple in 2009. 
Rockford's Rock Opera uses audio visual resources, CGI animation (created by Steve Skinner) and an audiobook story to teach about extinction, ecology and biodiversity. As a result, it has been promoted by education portals, including the BGCI, Woodland's Junior School, Teachernet and Primary Times. It has also been featured on BBC Radio – including a musical feature on BBC Radio 4's Go4it programme.
Rockford's Rock Opera introduces the Island of Infinity, home to the last single representative of every extinct animal and plant species. Key characters include the fictional Cocklebur Ick (named after the Cocklebur seed - inspiration for the invention of Velcro), the Registrar, Dectopus, Feeble Beetle and The Herculous. Also featured are non fictional species such as the Passenger Pigeon, Great Auk, Moa and Thylacine.
Rockford's Rock Opera is described as an "Adventure in Sound," citing influences such as Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds, Roger Glover's Butterfly Ball and Harry Nilssen's The Point!. Delivered via the web and on CD, Rockford's Rock Opera was described by "The Observer" as "Magical," by "The Guardian" as an "ingenious story" and a "thoroughly modern musical" and, by "The Times", as a "cult favourite as beloved as Wallace and Gromit." The musical story's on-line and on-mobile formats allow visitors access a variety of free audio visual materials and resources as well as different story formats (including text synchronized readalong, pdf and audio downloads). On Apple and Android Rockford's Rock Opera is available as Apps for phones and tablets.
In addition, Rockford's Rock Opera's ecological messages and content have led to cooperative links with environmental organisations and charities including the WWF, Buglife the BGCI and the Open University.
In addition to many school performances, Rockford's Rock Opera (Part One) has been performed live on stage at various venues including the Museum of London and The Bull Theatre in London.
History.
Rockford's Rock Opera grew from the success of a Sweetapple song released with the help of Gerry Bron on behalf of Battersea Dogs and Cats Home called 'Rockford's Christmas' which entered the UK singles chart in 2004.
Rockford's Rock Opera Part 1 was first performed live at The Bull Theatre, High Barnet on Friday, 29 January 2009.
The Cast Included:
Steve Punt as the Narrator,
Matthew Sweetaple as the Guitarist/Narrator,
Zoe Karp as the Cocklebur Ick and
Danny Lane as Iggy the Passenger Pigeon

</doc>
<doc id="20560936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560936" title="Matjaž Cvikl">
Matjaž Cvikl

Club career.
Cvikl played for Rudar Velenje and Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga. He had spell with Zeytinburnuspor in the Turkish Super Lig from 1993 to 1995.
International career.
Cvikl made six appearances for the senior Slovenia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20560942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560942" title="Medal of Honor Aircraft">
Medal of Honor Aircraft

To date, the United States Medal of Honor has been awarded on 103 occasions for actions involving the use of aircraft. Awards for actions that took place in a single flight are the norm, with 74 individual aircraft accounting for 82 of the 93 medals awarded for actions while in flight (including eight dual awards representing the same aircraft). Of those 75 planes, 41 were destroyed during the MoH action, while others were lost later. In a few cases the MoH recipient survived while the plane did not (Jimmy Doolittle's B-25, as an example). The reverse also occurred: Lts. Jack W. Mathis and Robert E. Femoyer received posthumous awards while their respective B-17s survived, only to be scrapped later.
Some aircraft were recognized following their crew's award but were not preserved, including Butch O'Hare's F4F, which wasn't stricken until two and one half years after his MoH action, as well as Maj. James H. Howard's "borrowed" P-51, whose identity remains a mystery. In wartime often the pressing needs for serviceable aircraft overcame their need for preservation in programs or museums that did not yet exist.
WWII.
By far the most MoH's were issued to crewmen flying on Boeing aircraft. B-17 crewmen received 17 awards from 1942 to 1945. Eleven of the Flying Fortress MoH's were posthumous awards, while in 1945 a B-29 crewman was awarded the MoH for saving his plane despite crippling burns. Eleven Consolidated aircraft were involved in MoH missions, including two PBY Catalinas. The MoH awarded to B-24 crewmen (including one Navy PB4Y) were largely associated with the series of attacks on the Romanian oil refineries in 1943–44. The Grumman F4F Wildcat represents the most MoH's for a fighter aircraft serving in WWII by a sizable margin, with 8 MoH recipients. Seven F4F MoH's were to Marine Corps pilots, six of whom received their MoH for missions in the Solomon Islands during 1942–43. The lone Navy pilot was Lt. (j.g.) Edward H. "Butch" O'Hare, recognized as the Navy's first WWII ace. Cmdr. David McCampbell's two MoH missions in 1944 were in a F6F Hellcat bring Grumman's tally to nine MoH aircraft.
Korea.
Korean War MoH aircraft include a wide range of types, from WWII vintage aircraft to jets. They include one each for the F-51, F-80, F-86, A-26, F4U, and the first MoH helicopter, a HO3S.
Vietnam.
The Vietnam War produced 20 in-flight MoH awards. They include a very diverse group of 7 fixed-wing aircraft and four helicopters, which range from a Cessna O-1 to a Fairchild C-123 Provider, to a F-105 Thunderchief, plus the well-represented Bell Huey. The F-4 Phantom is represented only by pilot Lance Sijan, who was awarded a posthumous MoH for his exceptional courage as a POW. Notable for its absence is the A-6 Intruder.
Survivors.
Very few MoH aircraft survive today, especially since nearly half of all awards have been posthumous, and with the exception of the USMC, the military branches have done a poor job of preserving MoH aircraft that did survive. Today four MoH combat aircraft still exist, plus two non-combat aircraft and the parts of one MoH F4F.
One near-survivor was C-123 (55-4542), the aircraft MoH recipient Maj. Joe Jackson was piloting when he made his daring rescue of Air Force personnel trapped on an airstrip being overrun by Communist forces in 1968. By the time the Air Force History Office learned the aircraft still existed it had been transferred to the South Vietnamese government, who later transferred it to the Thai government. The aircraft was apparently not scrapped until the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20560943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560943" title="Velocette KSS">
Velocette KSS

The Velocette KSS is British motorcycle made by Velocette. The final development of the "K" series (the "K" stood for Camshaft (the owners of the company were originally German) and the "SS" for Super Sports) The KSS remained in production in various forms until 1948. 
Development.
A production roadster motorcycle, the KSS was modified with a racing clutch and tuned to achieve 90mph around the Isle of Man TT course, largely due to the excellent handling. Important improvements included the positive-stop foot operated gear change from the Velocette KTT production racing version. 
In 1939 Velocette developed the KSS Mk II which had a Velocette MKV KTT based chassis and a new engine with an alloy cylinder head. A "touring" version, the Velocette KTS was also developed with 19 inch wheels and matching mudguards.
Racing Success.
Alec Bennett won the 1926 Junior TT a full ten minutes ahead of the next rider. He had a second place in 1927 and won again in 1928 and 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20560944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560944" title="Esporte Clube Pelotas">
Esporte Clube Pelotas

Esporte Clube Pelotas, usually known simply as Pelotas, is a Brazilian football club in Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul. The club competed several times in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B and in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, and won the Campeonato Gaúcho in 1930. Esporte Clube Pelotas women's football team competed in the 2008 Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino.
History.
The club was founded on October 11, 1908, after two clubs from Pelotas, Club Sportivo Internacional and Foot-ball Club, merged. In 1930, Pelotas won the Campeonato Gaúcho, beating Grêmio in the final.
In 1983, Pelotas won the Campeonato Gaúcho Second Level. In 1988, Pelotas competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B for the first time, but was eliminated in the first stage. In 1989, the club competed again in the Série B, being eliminated in the first stage again.
In 1995, 1996 and in 1998, Pelotas competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, being eliminated in the first stage in all three seasons. In 2003, the club competed again in the Série C, where they were eliminated by RS Futebol in the third stage of the competition. In the same year, Pelotas competed in the Copa do Brasil, being eliminated in the cup's first round, by Guarani.
In 2008, the club won the Copa FGF for the first time, after beating Cerâmica in the final, thus qualifying to the same season's Recopa Sul-Brasileira, and the following season's Campeonato Brasileiro Série D. The club was eliminated in the Recopa Sul-Brasileira in the semifinals 2–0, by Atlético Sorocaba.
Women's football team.
Esporte Clube Pelotas women's football team competed in the 2008 Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino, but was eliminated in the first round by Kindermann, of Caçador, Santa Catarina. In the first leg, the club was beaten 5–0, then in the second leg the club was defeated again, 3–0.
Rivals.
Pelotas's rivals are Brasil de Pelotas and Farroupilha. The first derby is known as Bra-Pel, while the second derby is known as Far-Pel.
Stadium.
The club usually plays its home games at Estádio Boca do Lobo, which is a stadium located in Pelotas, and it has a maximum capacity of 23,336 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20560969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560969" title="Spacecraft Planet Instrument C-matrix Events">
Spacecraft Planet Instrument C-matrix Events

SPICE is a NASA ancillary information system used to compute geometric information used in planning and analyzing science observations obtained from robotic spacecraft. It is also used in planning missions and conducting numerous engineering functions needed to carry out those missions.
SPICE was developed at NASA's Navigation and Ancillary Information Facility (NAIF), located at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
SPICE has become the de facto standard for handling much of the so-called observation geometry information on NASA's planetary missions, and it is now widely used in support of science data analysis on planetary missions of other space agencies as well. Some SPICE capabilities are used on a variety of astrophysics and solar physics missions.
SPICE consists of both data and software.
Data.
SPICE data files are usually referred to as "kernels." These files provide information such as spacecraft trajectory and orientation; target body ephemeris, size and shape; instrument field-of-view size, shape and orientation; specifications for reference frames; and tabulations of time system conversion coefficients.
SPICE data are archived in a national archive center such as the NASA Planetary Data System archives.
Software.
The SPICE system includes software referred to as The SPICE Toolkit, used for reading the SPICE data files and computing geometric parameters based on data from those files. These tools are provided as subroutine libraries in four programming languages: C, FORTRAN, IDL, and MATLAB.
The Toolkits also include a number of utility and application programs. The SPICE Toolkits are available for most popular computing platforms, operating systems and compilers. Extensive documentation accompanies each Toolkit.
Tutorials and Programming Lessons.
A set of tutorials is available to help users understand the SPICE data and software. Some "open book" programming lessons useful in learning how to program using Toolkit subroutines are also available.
Availability.
The SPICE data, Toolkit software, tutorials and programming lessons are all freely available from the NAIF website.
Prospective users are cautioned that it takes some effort to learn to use this software: it is targeted for professionals in the space exploration business.

</doc>
<doc id="20560973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560973" title="Energy functional">
Energy functional

In the energy methods of simulating the dynamics of complex structures, a state of the system is often described as an element of an appropriate function space. To be in this state, the system pays a certain cost in terms of energy required by the state. This energy is a scalar quantity, a function of the state, hence the term "functional". The system tends to develop from the state with higher energy (higher cost) to the state with lower energy, thus local minima of this functional are usually related to the stable stationary states. Studying such states is part of the optimization problems, where the terms "energy functional" or "cost functional" are often used to describe the objective function.

</doc>
<doc id="20560995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20560995" title="Comparison of executable file formats">
Comparison of executable file formats

This is a comparison of binary executable file formats which, once loaded by a suitable executable loader, can be directly executed by the CPU rather than become interpreted by software. In addition to the binary application code, the executables may contain headers and tables with relocation and fixup information as well as various kinds of meta data. Among those formats listed, the ones in most common use are PE (on Microsoft Windows), ELF (on Linux and most other versions of Unix), Mach-O (on OS X and iOS) and MZ (on DOS).

</doc>
<doc id="20561000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561000" title="People's Committee of Siam">
People's Committee of Siam

The People's Committee of Siam, ( was the first constitutional Cabinet of Siam (now Thailand) or (. After the Revolution of 1932, and promulgation of the 'Temporary' Constitution, Phraya Manopakorn Nititada (a civil servant and former Minister of Justice) was appointed the first President of the People's Committee ( - in essence Prime Minister. However he was not allowed to appoint the members of the Cabinet as the Khana Ratsadon, the revolutionary party, has already decided to do that themselves. 
Out of the fifteen members 10 are from the Khana Ratsadon; out of the 7 "Promoters" 5 are in the committee. The committee did not present any policies to the National Assembly, but decided to govern the country in accordance with the 6 Principles. The committee was active from 28 June 1932 to 10 December 1932. The committee ended with the signing and promulgation of the 'Permanent' Constitution of 1932, most members returned for the second Cabinet. 

</doc>
<doc id="20561010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561010" title="The Hurricane Poster Project">
The Hurricane Poster Project

The Hurricane Poster Project was an international collaboration of artists and designers to raise money for the victims of Hurricane Katrina. Over 180 posters commemorating the event were designed, produced and sold online, raising more than $50,000. The profits were donated to the Red Cross. The project was organized and curated by Leif Steiner, creative director for Moxie Sozo. In 2007, Leif Steiner was awarded the Circle of Humanitarians Award, the American Red Cross' highest honor.
Print Articles.
1. Foster, John. "Posters With A Purpose." HOW Magazine August 2006: 100. <br>
2. O'Brien, Keith. "The Big Easy." CMYK Issue 34: 76-79. <br>
3. "Agenda - Graphisme Caritatif." étapes: octobre 2005: 87. 

</doc>
<doc id="20561016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561016" title="Susan Combs">
Susan Combs

Susan Combs (born February 26, 1945, in San Antonio) is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Texas, currently serving as the state's Comptroller of Public Accounts.
She was initially elected as comptroller on November 7, 2006, to succeed Carole Strayhorn, a Republican who ran unsuccessfully for governor as an Independent in the same election.
Prior to her tenure as Comptroller, Combs had served two terms as Commissioner of the Texas Department of Agriculture from 1999–2007, taking the reins as the first woman elected to that office in 1998, having succeeded commissioner Rick Perry, who was instead elected as lieutenant governor. Combs also served two terms in the Texas House of Representatives.
In 2010, Combs was unopposed for a second term as comptroller in the Republican primary, and she faced no Democratic opponent in the November 2 general election. Unsuccessful nominees of the Green and Libertarian parties did seek the position.
On May 29, 2013, the Dallas Morning News and Austin American Statesman both confirmed Combs would not seek reelection to a third term as Comptroller or any other statewide office in the 2014 elections. [http://www.dallasnews.com/]
Background.
Combs grew up in a ranching family from West Texas. She runs a cow-calf operation on her family's ranch in Brewster County; the ranch has been in her family since the turn of the 20th century. She lives in Austin with her husband, Joe W. Duran (born June 1, 1942), a computer scientist. She is the mother of three sons.
Combs graduated from Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, New York, majoring in French and religion. She worked in international advertising in New York City, in the financial markets on Wall Street, and for the U.S. government before returning to Texas to obtain credentials from the University of Texas Law School at Austin. After graduation from law school, she served as an assistant district attorney in Dallas, Texas.
Combs served two terms in the Texas House of Representatives from 1993–1996, when she joined the staff of U.S. Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison as the lawmaker's state director.
Combs serves on the boards of the Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association in Fort Worth and the Texas Wildlife Association. She has also served on the boards the Texas Beef Council and the Texas Production Credit Association.
One Vote.
Combs' first electoral outing was for the 47th legislative district, in Travis County. She won the run-off for the Republican nomination by one vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20561032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561032" title="1962–63 Slovenian Republic League">
1962–63 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20561040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561040" title="Stephen Rowe (poet)">
Stephen Rowe (poet)

Stephen Rowe (born April 7, 1980 in Heart's Content, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian poet.
Biography.
Rowe was educated first in Heart's Content and Carbonear and then in St. John's, where he attended Memorial University of Newfoundland. He was admitted to the degree of Bachelor of Arts in 2003 and then to a Bachelor's Degree in Intermediate/Secondary Education in 2005.
In 2006 he studied poetry with Canadian poet Mary Dalton, during which he wrote the chapbook "Below The Spruce" and participated in a mentorship program with Canadian poet and novelist Alison Pick.
After graduating from university, Rowe lived and worked in St. John's before moving to Gander, where he now works and writes. He is the editor of the online blog named after his unpublished first collection of poetry. In October 2009, he published his first book of poetry, entitled "Never More There". He is a member of the Writer's Alliance of Newfoundland & Labrador.
He is an avid supporter of Arsenal F.C.
Bibliography.
Poetry collections.
Rowe's first book of poems "Never More There" was accepted for publication by Nightwood Editions and was released in October 2009. This manuscript is the same one that won him a place as a finalist in the Writer's Alliance of Newfoundland and Labrador's Fresh Fish Award for Emerging Writers in 2008.
The collection received positive reviews both locally and across Canada. In the "Quill and Quire" he was touted as a "poet to watch".

</doc>
<doc id="20561046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561046" title="Kevin Brown (defensive tackle)">
Kevin Brown (defensive tackle)

Kevin A. Brown (born July 8, 1985 in Los Angeles, California) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at UCLA.

</doc>
<doc id="20561058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561058" title="Colegio Militar de la Nación">
Colegio Militar de la Nación

The National Military College () is the institution in charge of the undergraduate education of officers of the Argentine Army. It is located at El Palomar, Buenos Aires.
Established on October 11, 1869, by President Domingo Sarmiento at the height of the Paraguayan War, its original quarters were opened in where the Parque Tres de Febrero stands today. It was transferred to San Martín in 1892, and to its present location, the site of the 1852 Battle of Caseros that deposed mid-19th century strongman Juan Manuel de Rosas, in 1938.
Its present facilities were inaugurated in 1937. "El Palomar" and "La Casa de Caseros", installations involved in the Battle of Caseros, were declared a National Historic Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="20561065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561065" title="Luis Liendo">
Luis Liendo

Luis Antonio Liendo Asbún (born February 25, 1978 in La Serena) is a Chilean-Bolivian football midfielder, who has played in different leagues throughout South America, Europe and North America. He also played for the Bolivia national team.
Liendo began his soccer career in 1997 playing for the Boca Juniors reserves team in Argentina then was signed by Bolívar in Bolivia. 
Liendo had a brief experience with Real Madrid B in Spain. Shortly after his time in Spain, he was bought by Ascoli in Italy. He also played for Spezia, Novara and Gela in Italy.
After six years of playing in Italy, Liendo relocated to North America where he played for the USL1 team, Atlanta Silverbacks in 2007. After a couple of seasons in the United States, Liendo returned to Bolivia and signed with La Paz F.C. Now he plays for Universitario de Sucre. 
Liendo's father, also Luis (born April 1946), played in Argentina, Bolivia and Chile during the 70's and 80's and also played for the Bolivia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20561100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561100" title="L. Peat O'Neil">
L. Peat O'Neil

L. Peat O'Neil (born 1949) is a travel writer and program analyst at the Office of eDiplomacy of the U.S. Department of State. O'Neil writes content for Diplopedia and collaborates on other social media programs.
Writer.
O'Neil is best known for travel articles that appeared in "The Washington Post" from 1986 to 2003 as well as articles for other newspapers, magazines, websites and literary journals. Publications featuring O'Neil's essays and articles include "Travel + Leisure", "Elle", "Departures", "Potomac Review", "National Geographic News" "Toronto Star", among others.
After teaching food writing at L'Academie de Cuisine, in Bethesda, near Washington, DC, O'Neil sought an interview with the doyenne of Mexican culinary history, Diana Kennedy and reported on organic farming in Mexico for Gastronomica.
She is a long time book reviewer and contributor to Bloomsbury Review
During a career in the newsroom of the Washington Post, O'Neil wrote about travel, music, health, community events, and technology. 
One essay commenting on the pervasive use of the word "guys" as a form of address in the U.S., provoked letters to the editor of the newspaper and a subsequent discussion on Voice of America
In search of adventure on the French GR 65 and Spanish footpaths of the Chemin de St-Jacques during 2001, O'Neil walked
alone through the Pyrenees Mountains from Hendaye on the Atlantic to Perpignan on the Mediterranean Sea. Pyrenees Pilgrimage, published in 2010, is an account of this journey.
O'Neil started a solo travel career in secondary school, staying in youth hostels and building a global network of travel contacts. The author's travel writing career is discussed in an interview with blogger and writer Rolf Potts. Among other titles, O'Neil is the author of "Travel Writing: See the World-Sell the Story" and a co-author of "Making Waves".
"Travel Writing: A Guide to Research, Writing and Selling", is used by educators in undergraduate and graduate level programs. It has been translated into Chinese, Japanese, Italian and Korean. Authors refer to O'Neil's techniques in their own books about how to be a journalist.
Online educator.
An early adapter in online education, O'Neil began teaching writing courses online in 1997 with the University of California, Los Angeles and also developed online curricula for non-fiction writing courses offered at Graduate School USA in Washington, DC. 
Other Adjunct Professor positions include web content management, online editing and writing in professional programs at GWU, Georgetown and Graduate School USA. O'Neil presents at conferences and moderates panels on journalism.
Diverse.
During the 1980s she was media assistant to Pamela Harriman, Ambassador to France during the Clinton administration.
More colorful work includes: cutting and sewing sails and gear for racing yachts; hand-rolling cigars at a factory in Tampa; teaching motorcycle safety for Canada's Dept. of Transport; researching art for the Montreal Olympics sport art exhibition; pre-trial interviews of witnesses for industrial trademark infringement hearings; assisting a caterer in France; painting logos on the sides tractor-trailers; and ferrying automobiles for Avis between JFK/IAD/TPA.
Health activism issues.
In 1979, O'Neil founded a small public interest research group, Woman Health International, with a team of volunteer librarians. The group's sole mission was to research the ingredients in tampons (a menstrual hygiene product) and to lobby the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to include consumers on the medical device review panel, then composed entirely of industry officials or medical specialists working for the manufacturers. The resulting paper was published in the Center for Science in the Public Interest journal. O'Neil contributed a case study about the recall of Rely tampons to the first edition (1983) of Case Studies in Business, Society, and Ethics, edited by Tom Beachamp.
When the Asbestos Compensation Committee formed in 1981 to support a bill by then United States Senator Gary Hart, primarily to represent the interests of trial attorneys and asbestos manufacturers, O'Neil consulted with the committee to advocate for former asbestos workers with long term disabling diseases which involved meetings with physicians, insurers, compensation analysts and lawmakers.
Appointed the lowest academic rank - Demonstrator - at the University of Toronto Department of Preventive Medicine & Epidemiology, during the 1970s O'Neil also managed research budgets for the Department in the University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine. She collaborated on a pioneering medical textbook, "Prevention in Clinical Practice" with Robert W. Morgan, M.D.
After successfully defending herself against a serial rapist in Florida, O'Neil wrote about the experience for the anthology of women's self-defense reports "Her Wits About Her" published in 1987. Continuing interest in self-defense techniques prompted O'Neil to write about martial arts and to seek training in kickbox and Japanese archery.
Early life.
O'Neil grew up near Washington, DC on a modest family farm near Sandy Spring producing Christmas trees, eggs, honey and organic vegetables. O'Neil and family still keep bees. 
O'Neil's mother taught art and art history at Sandy Spring Friends School and during WWII served with the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF). A maternal aunt married WW II pilot Bolesaw Michal Gladych who was O'Neil's Godfather. 
O'Neil's maternal grandfather, Harold R. Peat was an author and lecturer. Her maternal grandmother, Louisa Watson Small Peat was an editor and author.
O'Neil's father, William Martin O'Neil, was a Washington, DC architect who constructed topographic feature models used in Royal Air Force briefings in England. Other ancestors on the paternal side, are great-aunt Ethel O'Neil and her husband Robert Tait McKenzie, the Canadian physician and sculptor, the first professor of physical education at the University of Pennsylvania.
Other.
O'Neil studied painting at the Corcoran College of Art and Design and with other artists, including Eliot O'Hara, who occasionally offered watercolor workshops in Maryland after his painting school burned. A lifelong philatelist, O'Neil is an active participant in global Mail artist. O'Neil participated in art collaboration projects such as Ryosuke Cohen's Brain Cell and G. A. Cavellini's archive. O'Neil's art works have appeared in painting exhibitions at the National Museum of Women in the Arts and other venues.

</doc>
<doc id="20561104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561104" title="Larry Fritz">
Larry Fritz

Lawrence Joseph Fritz ["Zeb"] (February 14, 1949 – July 22, 2010) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Philadelphia Phillies in one game during the season. Listed at , 225 lb., Fritz batted and threw left-handed. A native of East Chicago, Indiana, he attended Arizona State University.
Fritz was drafted in 1969 by the New York Mets, playing in their minor league system for the Marion Mets (1969, 1971-'72), Visalia Mets (1970, 1972), Memphis Blues (1972) and Tidewater Tides (1972-'73), before joining the Phillies organization in 1974.
Fritz began 1974 with Double-A Reading Phillies, for whom he hit eight home runs with 19 runs batted in in 15 games. During the midseason, he gained a promotion to Triple-A Toledo Mudhens, where he batted three homers and drove in seven runs in 16 games.
In 1975, Fritz was purchased by Philadelphia from Toledo after Phillies shortstop Larry Bowa broke his hand in a game against the San Francisco Giants on May 27.
Fritz made his lone Major League appearance on May 30, 1975 at Veterans Stadium against the Houston Astros. With the Phillies trailing 5 to 0, and with two-outs and Mike Anderson on first in the bottom of the ninth-inning, Fritz pinch-hit for Larry Christenson. Facing Astros pitcher Doug Konieczny, Fritz flew out to left-field to end the game.
On June 6, 1975, Mud Hens first baseman Andy Kosco broke his wrist. The Phillies returned Fritz to Toledo and in his place recalled outfielder Mike Rogodzinski from Reading.
In a seven-year minors career, Fritz was a .273 hitter with 117 home runs and 235 RBI in 635 games, including a .356 on-base percentage and a .498 of slugging.
Following his baseball career, Fritz went on to play softball for numerous Indiana teams. He also served in the Indiana National Guard, Company C 113th Engineer Battalion, and worked as a truck driver until his retirement in 2004 from Metro Intermodal due to a disability.
Fritz died in Munster, Indiana, at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="20561108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561108" title="Seagate Barracuda">
Seagate Barracuda

Seagate Barracuda is a hard disk drive series, most of which operate at a spindle speed of 7200 RPM. They are produced by Seagate Technology. Although initially they were marketed as high-performance drives with SCSI interfaces and high capacities for their time, since about 2001, they have become Seagate's main mass-market product as the hard drive industry moved to 7200 RPM for desktop drives.
SCSI models.
Seagate's original Barracuda hard drive, released in 1992, was the industry's first ever hard disk spinning at 7200 RPM. As can be expected from the rotational speed milestone, the drives were very expensive but very fast, and mostly targeted toward servers. The original models, dubbed the Barracuda 2LP series, were available in 2.5GB or 1.2 GB unformatted capacities with up to six platters and SCSI-2 interfaces.
ATA and SATA models.
Barracuda ATA.
This is the first Barracuda family using the AT Attachment (ATA)/IDE interface, specifically ATA/66. They were available in capacities between 6.8 GB and 28.2 GB, with a 512 KB cache buffer.
Barracuda ATA II.
These were available in capacities between 10 GB and 30 GB, with 2 MB cache buffers and the ATA/66 interface.
Barracuda ATA III.
These were available in capacities between 10 GB and 30 GB, with 2 MB cache buffers and the ATA/100 interface.
Barracuda ATA IV.
These were available in capacities between 20 GB and 80 GB, with 2 MB cache buffers and the ATA/100 interface. They are widely known for their very quiet operation, even compared to much newer models.
These disks cannot operate reliably at ATA 100 on RCC/ServerWorks IDE controllers. The drivers of these controllers blacklist the disks and limit their operation to ATA 66.
Barracuda ATA V/Barracuda ATA V Plus/Barracuda Serial ATA V.
This was the first Barracuda family available with the SATA interface as well as ATA/100. Their capacity ranges from 30 GB to 120 GB, with 2 MB cache buffers.
The SATA models have many problems, including random data loss (such as disappearing partitions). These disks cannot work with some Silicon Image SATA controllers. The drivers of these controllers blacklist the disks and limit the maximum sectors of each transaction below 8 KB (15 sectors), which slows performance considerably.
Barracuda 7200.7/Barracuda 7200.7 Plus.
Available in capacities between 40 GB and 200 GB, these were available in ATA/100 as well as SATA with NCQ support.
Their buffer size is 2 MB or 8 MB depending on the drive model.
Barracuda 7200.8.
Available in capacities between 200 GB and 400 GB, with either an ATA/100 or SATA interface with NCQ. These were sold alongside the 7200.7 series, providing higher capacities than the 7200.7 could provide.
Their buffer size is 8 MB or 16 MB depending on the drive model.
Barracuda 7200.9.
Available in capacities between 40 GB and 500 GB, with ATA/100 or, for the first time, a SATA II 3 Gbit/s interface.
Their cache size can be 2 MB, 8 MB or 16 MB, depending on the drive model and interface.
Barracuda 7200.10.
This was the first Seagate product family to implement perpendicular recording for higher capacities.
They were available in capacities between 80 GB and 750 GB, and either an ATA/100 or SATA II 3 Gbit/s interface.
Their cache size can be 2 MB, 8 MB or 16 MB, depending on the drive model and interface.
The SATA models of this family with firmware 3.AAK GALAXY or older (e.g. 3.AAETONKA) have introduced a firmware (microcode) bug:
Seagate does not officially provide firmware updates for this issue.
However, an unofficial firmware update (3.AAM) exist for ST3320820AS with P/N 9BJ13G-308, ST3320620AS with P/N 9BJ14G-308 (with firmware 3.AAK), ST3500830AS with P/N 9BJ136-308 and ST3500630AS with P/N 9BJ146-308. For these drives, update the firmware to 3.AAM to fix the bug.
Barracuda 7200.11.
Their capacity ranges from 160 GB to 1.5 TB. They support SATA 3 Gbit/s only. Codenames are Moose (earlier revision) and Brinks (later revision).
Their cache size can be 8 MB, 16 MB or 32 MB, depending on the drive model.
This family has introduced many severe firmware (microcode) bugs:
Disks affected by the last bug will not be detected by the computer BIOS after a reboot. Numerous users have complained of this and are discussing it in a public forum when discussions in the Seagate forums [http://forums.seagate.com/stx/board/message?board.id=ata_drives&thread.id=3283 were subjected to heavy moderation and subsequently closed. The symptom of the problem is that the computer BIOS will no longer detect the hard disk after a reboot, and upon connecting to the hard disk with a serial TTL board, this error code will be seen as "LED:000000CC FAddr:0024A051". Faulty firmware triggers this "failure", and the hard disk "disappearances" seem to be happening in November and December, 2008 and 2009, and are still going on as reported in the forums.
Seagate FreeAgent external drives have also utilized 7200.11 hard disks with SDxx firmware and people have reported failures of these drives as well. The access LED remains permanently on even after a USB disconnect and the drive is no longer detected. Seagate, however, says that they are unaffected by the firmware problems, so only the opening of the drive enclosure reveals the truth. The drives have also become known for their unusually high failure rates, including sudden mechanical failures, the rapid development of large numbers of bad sectors, the motherboard detecting the drive as a different model, and the drive regularly "freezing" when being read from or written to.
Two companies have claimed to be able to resolve this problem using their solution, namely Ace Laboratory PC3000-UDMA (version 4.13) and Salvation Data HD Doctor for Seagate (version 3.0) [http://www.salvationdata.com/data-recovery-company/news0811.htm.
In order to fix the first bug, Seagate released a firmware update (version AD14) for the affected disk models. In order to fix the second, third and fourth bug, Seagate released firmware updates (version SD1A, SD1B, SD2B,SD81) for the affected disk models. 
Owners that have already updated their disks to AD14 have to repeat the process one more time with the latest firmware (version SD1A).
The SD2B firmware update for Brinks silently removes the DCO ATA feature from the disks while SD1A for Moose adds two ATA features.
Barracuda 7200.12.
Their capacity ranges from 160 GB to 1.0 TB. Initial models (CCxx firmware) supported up to SATA II 3 Gbit/s, while later revisions (firmware JCxx) support the newer SATA III 6 Gbit/s standard. Their cache size can be 8 MB, 16 MB or 32 MB, depending on the drive model. Power consumption is reduced from previous models, resulting in lower operating temperatures with reliability advantages but Seagate literature states no defined warranty period.
Barracuda LP.
Meant for mass storage applications favoring low heat output, quiet operation, and better-than-average energy efficiency, these drives rotate at 5900 RPM instead of the standard 7200 RPM.
Their capacity ranges from 500 GB to 2 TB. They support SATA 3 Gbit/s and their buffer sizes are 16 MB and 32 MB, depending on the model.
The Barracuda LP series also present firmware issues that "might" be alleviated by the latest firmware available on the Seagate web site (CC35) The most commonly referred issue with the Barracuda LP series drives appears to be one variation or another of the infamous click of death problem; the drive will start to emit a regular clicking noise at some point in its early life (possibly even at first start) and after some time will fail altogether, often not much more than a few months later. While the clicking noise is emitted, the hard drive is inaccessible and may prevent the BIOS detection.
Barracuda Green.
The Barracuda Green series was introduced in December 2010 as a high-performance, eco-friendly, low-power internal drive, replacing the Barracuda LP series. It is the first to use Advanced Format 4 KB (4096 bytes) sectors and operates at 5900 RPM. They are available in capacities of 1 TB, 1.5 TB and 2 TB, with support for SATA 3 Gbit/s or SATA 6 Gbit/s and 32 MB or 64 MB buffer sizes, depending on the model.
The Barracuda Green series was discontinued in February 2012. The SmartAlign technology that featured in the Barracuda Green drives was transferred to the Barracuda range.
Barracuda XT.
This is the first Barracuda family supporting SATA 6 Gbit/s and its buffer size is 64 MB. They are meant as a serious high-performance drive for expensive workstations and gaming PCs, essentially the polar opposite of the Barracuda LP/Green series. The disk is available in either 2 TB or 3 TB capacities. The disk's sustained data transfer rate is 149 MB/s.
Seagate discontinued the Barracuda XT series in early 2012.
Barracuda 7200.14.
Introduced in Q1 2012, these drives introduced the industry's first 1 TB/platter technology and continue the SATA 6 Gbit/s interface. Capacities vary from 250 GB to 3 TB at 7200 RPM with cache sizes varying from 16 MB to 64 MB depending on model. Seagate claims that the accompanying power savings removed the need for their previous low-power "green" models, which were phased out. Lower power usage is becoming more common from various drive manufacturers, as it reduces temperature rise which is a significant positive factor in drive reliability. As of Q4 2012, this is Seagate's primary Barracuda model.
Desktop HDD.15.
With the introduction of its first 15th-generation hard drive product in April 2013, Seagate dropped the Barracuda name, and rebranded the series as "Desktop HDD". The first disk in the series is a 4 TB drive, rotating at 5900 RPM, rather than the traditional 7200 RPM.
Barracuda ES.
ES.
The original ES (Enterprise Storage) family were high reliability drives designed for business critical use with all drives having a 5 year warranty. Their capacity ranges from 250 GB to 750 GB. They support SATA 3 Gbit/s.
Their buffer size is 8 MB or 16 MB. The performance is similar to the 7200.10
ES.2.
Their capacity ranges from 500 GB to 1 TB. They support SATA 3 Gbit/s or SAS.
Their buffer size is 16 MB for SAS models and 32 MB for SATA models. The performance (and probably the design) is similar to the 7200.11.
Similar to the 7200.11 family, this family has introduced many firmware (microcode) bugs:
Warranty length.
Seagate is offering only a one-year warranty with its standard Barracuda drives.

</doc>
<doc id="20561116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561116" title="Dragan Talajić">
Dragan Talajić

Dragan Talajić (born 25 August 1965 in Sarajevo) is a Croatian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper and is a football manager who has managed many clubs in Middle East. He is currently the coach of Dhofar in the Omani League. For the season 2010-2011 Talajić was declared Best Coach of Asia and Best Coach of Arabic football world 2010-2011 by the television giant Al Jazeera Sport TV, Best Coach of Arabic football world 2010-2011 by MBC Sport TV and Best Coach of Jordan 2010-2011 by votes of people and Press. Talajić is a holder of the UEFA PRO Licence.
Club career.
Talajić had a spell with Zeytinburnuspor in the Turkish Super Lig during the 1994-95 season. Dragan started in FK Sarajevo and was one of the brightest young talents of Yugoslav football. As a junior player for FK Sarajevo, Dragan Talajić broke the record of the great Yugoslav goalkeeper Slobodan Janjuš by having received only one goal in the whole season. In 1992-93 Talajić was a part of a historic Slovenian football story having played a UEFA Cup match against Benfica for a Slovenian side MNK Izola. His great goalkeeping in UEFA Cup lead to a transfer to Turkish Super Lig. After a short spell with NK Orijent in Croatia's Prva HNL, from 1997 to the end of his career Talajić played for Tanjong Pagar United FC in Singapore's S-League. Talajić left a big mark in Singaporean football, since he was twice selected the player of the year.
Career as manager.
Al Ittihad.
At the age of 39, Talajić won the AFC Champions League 2004 in his first match as a manager of Al-Ittihad (KSA). 
Talajic won in the final game of AFC Champions League 2004 5-0 in Korea against Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma and that is the most remarkable win in the history of Asian Football.
Bahrain Riffa Club & Al-Nahda (RSA).
Following his dismissal from Al-Ittihad, lead Al Riffa from Bahrain to the finals stage of the Gulf Cup in 2005/2006. At the age of 42 Talajić
led Saudi club Al Nahda to the final of the Prince Faisal Cup 2007/2008 entering in the history of Saudi football as the first team from second league to play the finals of Prince Faisal Cup.
Shabab Al-Ordon.
In the 2009-10 season, Talajić was the coach of Shabab Al-Ordon (Jordan Youth Club) from Amman, Jordan. He led his team to a victory in AFC Cup in Yemen against Al-Ahli Sana'a', drew both home and away against Al-Karmah from Syria, then drew in Oman against Saham and won against Saham in Jordan and qualified to the next round of the AFC Cup, thanks to a win in Jordan against Al-Ahli Sana'a by 6-1.
Al-Wahdat Amman.
For the season 2010-2011, Talajić is the head coach of the biggest Jordanian side Al-Wahdat from Amman. His remarkable trophy run began on 6 August 2010 when Talajić won his first trophy of the season with Al-Wahdat winning 2-0 in the finals of the Jordan Shield Cup.
On August 13.2010 Dragan Talajić won the Jordan Super Cup against Al-Wahdat's bitter rival Al- Faisaly. The title win was 10th Super Cup trophy that Al-Wahdat have won in the clubs history.
At the end of season 2010-2011 Talajic's Al-Wahdat finished first winning the Jordan League with 17 point difference between them and Al-Faisaly who finished second. Talajić's Al-Wahdat finished end of season with 16 wins, 3 draw and 1 loss. Including their fixtures in the AFC Cup, where they are through to the quarter-finals, they have won 32 of their 39 games, drawn six and lost just one. In the process they have racked up 82 goals and conceded just 23. Talajić made a remarkable run with 46 games without defeat.
On May the 21. Talajić won the Jordan League Cup as his fourth trophy of the season becoming the first coach in history to win all 4 trophies in one season.
Kuwait SC.
In July 2011, Talajić signed a one year contract with Kuwait SC club from Kuwait. Talajić was brought to Kuwait SC after his remarkable run with Al Wahdat in the season 2010-2011. Talajić led his club to victory at home against Muangthong United winning by 1-0. In Thailand the score was 0-0 and Kuwait SC qualified to the semi-finals of the AFC cup. Talajić was dismissed in the 65' minute in Thailand after entering the pitch to protest to the referee for his disgraceful performance after the Thai players injured 4 Kuwaiti players without receiving any cards for their dirty way of playing. Talajić was later suspended by the Asian Football Federation for one game due to his actions. In the semi-finals of AFC Cup Talajić's Kuwait SC played against Iraqi's Arbil FC. Kuwait won in Iraq with the result 2-0 and played in Kuwait 3-3 to qualify to the AFC Cup Finals. Their opponent in the finals was FC Nasaf Qarshi from Uzbekistan. The finals were played at Qarshi Stadium located in Qarshi, Uzbekistan. FC Nasaf Qarshi had to their advantage the home stadium and fans witch led to a hell of an atmosphere for Talajić's team. The game ended with 2-1 for FC Nasaf Qarshi.
On 18 December, Dragan Talajić won the Kuwait Federation Cup beating in the finals Kazma with the result 4-3, in the 50th minute the score was 0-3 in favor of Kazma SC, but Talajić brought in two substitutes and changed the course of the game making the Kuwait Federation Cup finals 2011 more than spectacular. On 8 March 12, Dragan was dismissed as coach of Kuwait SC.
Ittihad Kalba'.
He was the coach of Ittihad Kalba' for a very short period time. During his time with Ittihad Kalba' he had to face many big defeats from the giants of UAE Arabian Gulf League. He managed the club for 6 matches, with bad results and Talajic just couldn't find the same language and vision with the club boss, Dragan Talajic left the club with a mutual agreement with the club.
Dhofar.
In June 2013, the Omani club Dhofar appointed him as their coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20561135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561135" title="Tailor's ham">
Tailor's ham


</doc>
<doc id="20561165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561165" title="Chuck Salas">
Chuck Salas

Chuck Robert Salas (born in Dallas, Texas) was an American soccer forward who has played in the Continental Indoor Soccer League, Premier Soccer Alliance and USISL. Salas last played for the Texas Outlaws in the Professional Arena Soccer League.
Salas attended Nimitz High School in Irving, Texas. He played at least one season with the Texas Lightning during the 1995-1996 USISL indoor season. He then played for the Mesquite Kickers during the 1996-1997 season. He signed with the Dallas Sidekicks of the Continental Indoor Soccer League as a free agent for 1997 season. In 1998, the Sidekicks moved to the Premier Soccer Alliance. Salas earned one championship ring with the 1998 Dallas Sidekicks and scored his first professional goal on August 10, 1997 against Detroit Safari with an assist from David Doyle. Salas retired in 2010, playing his last game in California against the San Diego Sockers.

</doc>
<doc id="20561173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561173" title="1963–64 Slovenian Republic League">
1963–64 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20561191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561191" title="Coppermine Expedition of 1819–22">
Coppermine Expedition of 1819–22

The Coppermine Expedition of 1819–1822 had as its goal the exploration of the northern coast of Canada, which was accessed by way of the Coppermine River. The British expedition was organised by the Royal Navy as part of its attempt to discover and map the Northwest Passage. It was the first of three Arctic expeditions to be led by John Franklin, and also included George Back and John Richardson, both of whom would become significant Arctic explorers in their own right.
The expedition was plagued by poor planning, bad luck and unreliable allies. The expected assistance from the local fur trading companies and native peoples was less forthcoming than expected, and the dysfunctional supply line, coupled with unusually harsh weather and the resulting absence of game, meant that the explorers were never far from starvation. Eventually the Arctic coast was reached, but barely had been explored before the exhaustion of the party's supplies and the onset of winter forced them to turn back.
The expedition made a desperate retreat across uncharted territory in a state of starvation, often with nothing more than lichen to eat. Eleven of the twenty strong party died amid accusations of murder and cannibalism before the survivors were rescued by native people of the Yellowknife tribe, who had previously given them up for dead.
In the aftermath of the expedition, John Franklin was much criticised by local fur traders for his haphazard planning and failure to adapt to the circumstances he faced, but in Britain he was received as a hero, fêted for the courage he had shown in extreme adversity. The expedition captured the public imagination, and in reference to a desperate measure he took while starving, he became known as "the man who ate his boots".
Background.
In the years following the Napoleonic Wars the British Navy, under the influence of Sir John Barrow turned its attention to the discovery of the Northwest Passage, a putative sea route around the north coast of Canada which would allow European ships easy access to the markets of the Orient. Evidence for the existence of a passage came from the fact that whalers in the Bering Strait had killed whales which carried tusks of the type used in Greenland and "vice versa", but the maze of islands to the north of Canada was almost completely unmapped; and it was not known whether a navigable, ice-free passage existed. In fact, by 1819 the northern coast of Canada had been glimpsed only twice by Europeans. In 1771 Samuel Hearne had followed the Coppermine River to the sea at a point around east of the Bering Strait. He was followed in 1789 by Alexander MacKenzie, who traced what is now the Mackenzie River to open sea west of the mouth of the Coppermine.
In 1818 John Barrow had sent his first expedition to seek the Northwest Passage. Led by John Ross, it ended ignominiously when Ross entered the Lancaster Sound, the true entrance to the Northwest Passage, but judging it to be a bay turned around and returned to Britain. At the same time, David Buchan made an attempt to sail directly to the North Pole from Britain (Barrow was a believer in the Open Polar Sea hypothesis), but returned only with the news that the pack ice north of Spitsbergen was a barrier which could not be breached.
The following year, John Barrow planned two further expeditions to the Arctic. A seaborne expedition under William Edward Parry would follow on from Ross' work, seeking an entrance to the Northwest Passage from Lancaster Sound. Simultaneously, a party would travel overland to the Canadian coast by way of the Coppermine River and map as much of the coastline as possible, and perhaps even rendezvous with Parry's ships. John Franklin, a lieutenant who had commanded one of David Buchan's ships the previous year, was chosen to lead the overland party.
Expedition planning.
Franklin's orders were somewhat general in nature. He was to travel overland to Great Slave Lake, and from there go to the coast by way of the Coppermine River. On reaching the coast he was advised to head east towards Repulse Bay and William Edward Parry's (hopefully victorious) ships, but if it seemed better he was also given the option of going west to map the coastline between the Coppermine and the Mackenzie Rivers, or even heading north into wholly unknown seas.
More serious than the ambiguity of the instructions was the fact that the expedition was organised with an extremely limited budget. John Franklin was to take only a minimum of naval personnel, and would be reliant on outside help for much of the journey. Manual assistance was meant to be provided by voyageurs (local furriers of mixed French and Aboriginal descent) supplied by the Hudson's Bay Company and the rival North West Company, while the local Yellowknives would act as guides and provide food should John Franklin's supplies run out.
Only four naval personnel accompanied John Franklin; the doctor, naturalist and second in command John Richardson, two midshipmen named George Back and Robert Hood who had sailed with David Buchan in 1818, and ordinary seaman, John Hepburn.
England to Fort Enterprise.
The Coppermine Expedition sailed from Gravesend on 23 May 1819 on a Hudson's Bay Company supply ship, after three months of planning, and immediately hit a note of farce. The ship had stopped briefly off the Norfolk coast, where George Back had business to attend to, but before he had returned a favourable wind blew up and the ship sailed off, leaving Back to make his own way to their next stop in Orkney by stagecoach and ferry. A more serious problem arose in Stromness when the expedition, now reunited with George Back, attempted to hire local boatmen to act as manhaulers for the first part of the trek across Canada. The people of Stromness were far less keen to sign up than the navy had anticipated, and only four men were recruited, and even they agreed to go only as far as Fort Chipewyan on Lake Athabasca.
On 30 August 1819, John Franklin's men reached York Factory, the main port on the southwest coast of Hudson Bay, to begin the trek to the Great Slave Lake. They immediately encountered the first of the supply problems which were to plague the expedition. Much of the assistance which had been offered by the Hudson's Bay Company and the North West Company failed to materialise; the companies had spent the preceding years in a state of virtual war, cooperation between them would be virtually nonexistent, and they had few resources to spare. Franklin was provided with a boat which was too small to carry all his supplies (he was assured the rest would be sent on) and proceeded along normal trading routes to Cumberland House (at the time little more than a log cabin which was home to 30 Hudson's Bay men) where he and his men spent the winter. The winter of 1819-1820 was a harsh one, and ominously, the local Indians who came to the post for supplies reported that game had become so scarce that some families were resorting to cannibalism to survive.
The following January, John Franklin, George Back and John Hepburn formed an advance party to head through the pine forests to Fort Chipewyan, to hire voyageurs and arrange supplies for the next leg of the expedition. Led by Canadian guides, the Britons, who had no experience of the harsh Canadian winter, found the journey extremely arduous. The constant cold froze their tea almost immediately after it had been poured, as well as the mercury in their thermometers. Without tents, they were grateful for snowfall, as it provided an extra layer of insulation over their blankets. John Franklin would later write that the journey brought "a great inter-mixture of agreeable and disagreeable circumstances. Could the amount of each be balanced, I suspect the latter would much preponderate."
The advance party arrived at Fort Chipewyan in late March, having covered in six weeks. Once there, John Franklin found equipping his expedition far more difficult than had been anticipated. The harsh winter meant that food was barely available, and he had to make do with a vague promise that hunters would feed them en route, and that the chief of the Coppermine Indians would offer assistance. Furthermore, the best voyageurs were preoccupied with the conflict between the two fur trading companies, or unwilling to risk a journey into unknown terrain, far outside their normal range and with uncertain supplies. Eventually John Franklin was able to recruit a team of sixteen voyageurs, but most of the men fell well below the standard he desired.
Reunited with Robert Hood and Richardson, the party left for the Great Slave Lake in July, reaching the trading post at Fort Providence on its northern shore ten days later. Here they met Akaitcho ("Big Foot"), the leader of the local Yellowknives who had been recruited by the North West Company as guides and hunters for John Franklin's men. Akaitcho, described as a man "of great penetration and shrewdness" understood the concept of the Northwest Passage, and patiently listened as Franklin explained that its use would bring wealth to his people. Apparently realising that Franklin was exaggerating the benefits, he asked a question which Franklin was unable to answer; why, if the Northwest Passage was so crucial to trade, had it not been discovered already?
His point effectively made, Akaitcho discussed his terms with John Franklin. In return for the cancellation of his tribe's debts to the North West Company, and some supplies of weapons, ammunition and tobacco, his men would hunt and guide for Franklin on the northward journey down the Coppermine River, and leave depots of food for their return. However, they would not enter the Inuit lands at the far north of the river (they and the Inuit viewed each other with mutual hostility and suspicion), and Akaitcho warned John Franklin that in such a hard year, he could not guarantee that food would always be available.
John Franklin and his men spent the remainder of the summer of 1820 trekking north to a point on the bank of the Coppermine River which Akaitcho had chosen as their winter quarters. Food quickly ran short and the voyageurs began to lose faith in their leader; Franklin's threats of severe punishment prevented a mutiny in the short term, but eroded the remaining goodwill felt by the men. The encampment, which Franklin named Fort Enterprise was reached without further incident, and wooden huts were constructed as winter quarters.
The Coppermine River and the Arctic coast.
The expedition's second winter in Canada was another difficult one. Supplies arrived only intermittently; the rival companies each preferring to let the other provide them. Ammunition ran short, and the Indian hunters were less effective than had been hoped. Finally, with the party at risk of starvation, George Back was sent back to Fort Providence to browbeat the companies into action. After a journey on snowshoes, often with no shelter beyond blankets and a deerskin in temperatures as low as , Back returned having secured enough supplies to meet the expedition's immediate needs.
There was also continuing unrest in the camp. The voyageurs, led by the two interpreters Pierre St Germain and Jean Baptiste Adam, again rebelled. This time Franklin's threats were ineffective, St Germian and Adam insisting that as continuing into the wilderness would mean certain death, the threat of execution for mutiny was laughable. Negotiation by Willard Wentzel, the North West Company's representative, eventually restored an uneasy truce. The discord was not confined to the voyageurs; George Back and Robert Hood had fallen out over their rivalry for the affections of an Indian girl nicknamed Greenstockings, and would have fought a duel over her had John Hepburn not removed the gunpowder from their weapons. The situation was defused when Back was dispatched south, and Hood subsequently fathered a child with the girl.
The winter of 1820-1821 passed and John Franklin set out again on 4 June 1821. His plans for the coming summer were vague; he had decided to explore east from the mouth of the Coppermine in the hope of either meeting William Edward Parry or reaching Repulse Bay, where he might obtain adequate supplies from local Inuit to allow him to return directly to York Factory by way of Hudson Bay. However, if Parry failed to appear, or he was unable to reach Repulse Bay he would either retrace his outward route or, if it seemed better, return directly to Fort Enterprise across the uncharted Barren Lands to the east of the Coppermine River.
The journey down the Coppermine River took far longer than planned, and John Franklin quickly lost faith in his Indian guides, who in fact knew the area little better than he did, and assured him that the sea was close, then far, then close again. The Arctic Ocean was finally sighted on 14 July 1821, shortly before the expedition encountered its first Inuit camp. The Inuit fled, and Franklin's men never had the opportunity to make further contact or trade for supplies as he had hoped. The abandoned camp gave a further indication of the scarcity of food in the area; the stocks of dried salmon were rotting and maggot-infested, and the meat which was drying consisted mainly of small birds and mice.
The Indians turned for home as had been agreed, as did Willard Wentzel, leaving John Franklin with fifteen voyageurs and his four Britons. Franklin gave orders to those departing that caches of food were to be left on route and that most importantly Fort Enterprise be stocked with a large amount of dried meat. With the lateness of the season the latter point was crucial because Franklin now feared that if, as seemed likely, he failed to reach Repulse Bay, the sea would freeze and prevent him returning to the mouth of the Coppermine River. If so, he would be forced to make a direct return across the Barren Lands, where he and his men would be dependent on whatever food they could forage. There was therefore a real risk that they would be close to starvation by the time they reached Fort Enterprise; he repeated again and again that their survival would depend on the huts being well stocked.
At the mouth of the Coppermine, John Franklin set off east in three canoes with enough food for fourteen days. Their progress was impeded by storms which frequently damaged the canoes, and their attempts to supplement their rations by hunting were so unsuccessful that Franklin suspected the voyageurs of deliberately failing to find game, in order to compel him to turn around. After mapping of the coastline, Franklin stopped on 22 August 1821 at a place on the Kent Peninsula which he named Point Turnagain. As he had feared, rough seas and the damage to their canoes made a return via the Coppermine impracticable, and the Franklin party decided upon a return via the Hood River, from which they would attempt to make an overland return across the Barren Lands.
Return to Fort Enterprise.
The going across the Barren Lands was extremely arduous. The ground was a treacherous expanse of sharp rocks which cut their boots and their feet, and constantly threatened more serious injury. John Richardson remarked that "if anyone had broken a limb here his fate would have been melancholy indeed, as we could neither have remained with him, nor carried him on with us". The canoes, which were proving difficult to carry, were dropped by the voyageurs (John Franklin suspected deliberately) and became completely unusable. Winter arrived early, game became even scarcer than it had already been, and by 7 September 1821 the expedition's rations were exhausted. Apart from the rare deer they managed to kill, they were reduced to eating barely nutritious lichens, which they christened "tripe de roche", and the occasional rotting carcass left by packs of wolves. So desperate did they become that they even boiled and devoured the leather from their spare boots.
The voyageurs, who were carrying an average of each and had been promised a ration of of meat a day when they signed up, suffered most from the hunger, and their discontent again turned into rebellion. They secretly discarded some of the heavy equipment, including the fishing nets, which would prove a serious loss. John Richardson wrote that they "became desperate and were perfectly regardless of the commands of the officers." The only thing which was preventing them deserting "en masse" and attempting to reach Fort Enterprise by themselves was that they did not know how to find it. However, they began to realise that John Franklin had little idea of where he was going either - his compass was of little use as the magnetic deviation for the area was unknown, and the constant cloud cover made navigating by the sun or stars impossible. A full-scale mutiny was averted only by the fact that on 26 September 1821 they reached a large river which was undoubtedly the Coppermine.
The party's joy at reaching the Coppermine River quickly turned to despair when it became obvious that without boats, it would be impossible to cross the river to reach Fort Enterprise, which John Franklin estimated lay away on the far bank. The fast-flowing river was wide in places, and attempts to find a spot where it could be forded proved futile. The voyageurs, according to John Richardson, "bitterly execrated their folly in breaking the canoe" and became "careless and disobedient... ceased to dread punishment or hope for reward." One of them, Juninus, slipped away, perhaps hoping to reach safety by himself, and never returned. Richardson himself risked his life trying to swim across the river with a line tied around his waist, but losing the feeling in his limbs he sank to the riverbed and had to be hauled back. Hypothermia sapped his strength, leaving him a virtual invalid.
With the starving party weakening rapidly, the situation was saved by Pierre St Germain, who alone had the strength and willpower to construct a makeshift, one-man canoe from willow branches and canvas. The other men cheered when, on 4 October 1821, he crossed the river, trailing a lifeline. The rest of the party crossed one at a time. The boat sank lower and lower in the water as they did so, but all crossed safely.
Fort Enterprise now lay less than a week's march away, but for some of the starving men, that would prove to be an insurmountable barrier. At the back of the line, the two weakest voyageurs, Credit and Vaillant, collapsed and were left where they fell. John Richardson and Robert Hood were also too weak to continue. At this point, John Franklin split his party. George Back, the fittest remaining officer, was sent ahead with three voyageurs to bring food back from Fort Enterprise. Franklin would follow at a slower pace with the remaining voyageurs. Hood and Richardson would stay in their camp, with John Hepburn to look after them, in the hope that one of the other parties could bring them food. Franklin was disturbed by the apparent abandonment of Hood and Richardson, but they were insistent that the party would have a better chance of survival without them.
John Franklin had only gone a short distance towards Fort Enterprise when four voyageurs — Michel Terohaute, Jean Baptiste Belanger, Perrault, and Fontano — said they were unable to continue and asked to return to Robert Hood and John Richardson's camp. Franklin agreed. He staggered on towards Fort Enterprise with his five remaining companions, growing weaker and weaker. No game was to be found, even if any of them had been strong enough to hold a rifle, and recounting the story, Franklin made a comment which would become famous: "There was no "tripe de roche", so we drank tea and ate some of our shoes for supper."
John Franklin's party reached Fort Enterprise on 12 October 1821, two days after George Back. They found it deserted and unstocked. The promised supplies of dried meat had not appeared, and there was nothing to eat except bones from the previous winter, a few rotting skins which had been used as bedding, and a little "tripe de roche". A note from Back explained that he had found the fort in this state, and that he was heading towards Fort Providence to look for Akaitcho and his Indians. The party despaired. Two voyageurs, Augustus and Benoit, set off upriver in the hope of meeting some Indians there. The rest of the group remained, too weak to go any further. Two of the voyageurs lay down crying and waited to die, and even the normally optimistic Franklin wrote of how quickly his strength was evaporating. None of them had eaten meat for four weeks.
Murder.
Of the four voyageurs who had left John Franklin's party to return to Robert Hood and John Richardson, only Michel Terohaute reached the camp, having taken several days to cover the from where they left Franklin. He told the Britons that he had become separated from the others, and assumed that they would be following. Whatever doubts the officers may have had about his story gave way to gratitude when he presented them with meat, which he said had come from a hare and partridge he had managed to kill on the way. Two days later he went hunting and brought back meat he said came from a wolf he had found. The Britons were delighted, and eagerly devoured the meat.
Over the next few days, however, Michel Terohaute's behaviour became more and more erratic. He disappeared for short periods, refusing to say where he had gone. He would not gather "tripe de roche". When asked to go hunting he refused, replying that "there are no animals, you had better kill and eat me." He later accused the Britons of having eaten his uncle.
At some point (Richardson's journal is unclear on when), John Richardson and Robert Hood began to suspect that Michel Terohaute had killed the three missing voyageurs, and was disappearing from camp to feed on their corpses. The "wolf meat" they had eaten was probably human flesh. Then, on 20 October while Richardson and John Hepburn were foraging, they heard a shot from the camp. They found Hood dead, and Michel standing with a gun in his hand.
Michel Terohaute's explanation was that Robert Hood had been cleaning his gun and that it had gone off, shooting him through the head. The claim was self-evidently absurd; the rifle was too long for a man to shoot himself with, moreover Hood had been shot in the back of the head, apparently while reading a book. But with Michel stronger than them and armed, there was nothing John Hepburn and Richardson could do for the next three days, as Michel refused to let them out of his sight, became more and more aggressive, repeatedly asking to know if they thought he had murdered Hood. Finally on 23 October Michel left them for a short time to gather lichen. Richardson took the opportunity to load his pistol, and on Michel Terohaute's return, he shot him dead.
Rescue.
John Richardson and John Hepburn struggled on to Fort Enterprise and were appalled by the scene when they arrived on 29 October 1821. Of the four men who remained, only Peltier was strong enough to stand and greet them. The floorboards had been dug up for firewood, and the skins which covered the windows had been removed and eaten by the starving men. John Richardson wrote that "the ghastly countenances, dilated eyeballs and sepulchral voices of Captain John Franklin and those with him were more than we could at first bear."
For over a week the men at Fort Enterprise subsisted on "tripe de roche" and rotten deerskins, which they ate complete with the maggots, which tasted "as fine as gooseberries." Two of the voyageurs, Peltier and Samandré, died on the night of 1 November 1821. The third, Adam, was close to death. John Hepburn's limbs began to swell with protein deficiency oedema. Finally, on 7 November, help arrived with the arrival of three of Akaitcho's Indians, with whom George Back (who had also lost a man to starvation) had finally managed to make contact. They brought food, caught fish for the survivors, and treated them "with the same tenderness they would have bestowed on their own infants." After building up their strength for a week, they left Fort Enterprise on 15 November 1821, arriving at Fort Providence on 11 December.
Akaitcho explained why Fort Enterprise had not been stocked with food as promised. Part of the reason was that three of his hunters had been killed when they fell through the ice on a frozen lake, and he had not been supplied with ammunition at Fort Providence, but he admitted the main reason the fort had been abandoned; he had believed that the white men's expedition was the height of folly, and that they would not return to Fort Enterprise alive. In spite of this, John Franklin refused to blame Akaitcho, who had shown him much kindness during the rescue, and, because of the ongoing dispute between the fur companies, had not received the payment he had been promised.
Aftermath and legacy.
By almost any objective standard, the expedition had been a disaster. John Franklin had travelled and lost eleven of his nineteen men, only to map a small portion of coastline. He got nowhere near his goal of Repulse Bay or to meeting up with William Edward Parry's ships. When the party arrived back at York Factory in July 1822, George Simpson of the Hudson's Bay Company, who had objected to John Franklin's expedition from the start, wrote that "They do not feel themselves at liberty to enter into the particulars of their disastrous enterprise, and I fear they have not fully achieved the object of their mission." Simpson and other fur traders who knew the terrain were scathing in their descriptions of the expedition's poor planning and assessment of Franklin's competence. His reluctance to deviate from his original plan, even when it became obvious that supplies and game would be too scarce to complete the journey safely, were cited as evidence of his inflexibility and inability to adapt to a changing situation. Had Franklin been more experienced, he might have reconsidered his goals, or abandoned the expedition altogether. In a particularly harshly worded letter, Simpson also wrote of Franklin's physical failings; " has not the physical powers required for the labor of moderate Voyaging in this country; he must have three meals "per diem", Tea is indispensable, and with the utmost exertion he cannot walk above Eight miles in one day, so that it does not follow if those Gentlemen are unsuccessful that the difficulties are insurmountable." However, it should be kept in mind that many of the fur traders resented having had to assist John Franklin in the first place, and Simpson in particular was angry with what he saw as Franklin's support for the rival North West Company in their trade war.
There were also dark murmurings about what exactly had happened to Robert Hood and Michel Terohaute. The only account of the incident was John Richardson's, published after consultation with John Franklin; and there was nothing to prove that he and John Hepburn had not killed and eaten Hood and the four voyageurs themselves. Willard Wentzel, the North West Company interpreter who was blamed for failing to ensure that Fort Enterprise was stocked, went so far as to accuse John Richardson of murder, and demanded that he be brought to trial. George Back subsequently wrote to him that "to tell the truth Wentzel, things have taken place which "must" not be known." The Admiralty launched no official inquiry and the matter was quietly dropped.
On John Franklin's return to England in October 1822, none of the rumours or criticism mattered. The failure to meet the expedition's key goals was overlooked in favour of admiration of his tale of courage in the face of adversity. Franklin, who had been made a commander in his absence was promoted to captain on 20 November 1822 and elected a Fellow of the Royal Society, while George Back was made a lieutenant. Franklin's account of the expedition, published in 1823, was regarded as a classic of travel literature and, when the publishing company could not keep up with demand, second-hand copies sold for up to ten guineas. Ordinary people would point him out in the street, and, recalling his desperate measures to avoid starvation, he became affectionately known as "the man who ate his boots".
John Franklin made another expedition to the Arctic in 1825. With a party which included John Richardson and George Back, he journeyed down the Mackenzie River to map a further section of Canada's coast. This time the expedition was better organised, with less reliance on outside help, and all the major objectives were met. After stints commanding ships outside the Arctic, and an unhappy period as Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania), he led a final expedition to discover the Northwest Passage in 1845. Franklin vanished almost without trace, with all 132 of his men, and the mystery of his fate has still to be fully discovered.
The story of the Coppermine Expedition was to serve as an influence on Roald Amundsen, who would eventually become the first man to navigate the entire Northwest Passage, as well as the first to reach the South Pole. At the age of fifteen he read John Franklin's account, and decided that he wanted to be a polar explorer. He recalled:

</doc>
<doc id="20561195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561195" title="JaffeHolden Acoustics">
JaffeHolden Acoustics

JaffeHolden Acoustics, Inc. is an internationally renowned consulting firm which delivers award-winning Architectural Acoustics, Audio and Video Systems, and Information Technologies design services. Its clientele includes performance venues, houses of worship, educational institutions, museums, cruise ships, and legislative buildings.
About Jaffe Holden.
History.
In 1968, Jaffe Holden Acoustics was founded by acoustician Christopher Jaffe in Norwalk, Connecticut. The company first grew from Jaffe’s discovery that lightweight tunable reflector panels placed in the reverberant stage towers of multi-use theatres increased orchestral liveness, intimacy and warmth. Since these designs allowed acousticians to place overhead ceiling reflectors closer to the musicians, the shells improved on stage hearing to the benefit of orchestral ensemble and sectional balance. Some early challenges for JaffeHolden were designing a shell for the Youth Symphony concerts on the South Lawn of the White House sponsored by Jacqueline Kennedy; renovations of Lewisohn Stadium for the Metropolitan Opera and the Hollywood Bowl for the Los Angeles Philharmonic; and the design for the first touring symphonic stage used by the New York Philharmonic for their innovative series of free parks concerts in 1965. 
Early in the company’s history, while working on a grant for the National Endowment for the Arts, Jaffe realized that the elitist image of orchestral performance and the formal seating arrangement of the typical concert hall were actually reducing attendance at these events. Researching older halls such as the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam, JaffeHolden designed the first surround concert hall in the Western hemisphere, Sala Nezahualcoyotl Hall in Mexico City. JaffeHolden also developed the use of electronic reflections to provide needed aural information in specialized circumstances where physical acoustic solutions alone could not meet the required symphonic criteria due to budget constraints, building landmark restrictions and/or operational flexibility. Also known as ERES (Electronic Reflected Energy System), these systems have been successfully implemented in theaters and halls throughout the United States. Jaffe and current CEO Mark Holden’s "Concert Hall Shaper" revolutionized multi-use theater design in providing mixed-use theaters with the level of acoustic parameters found in a dedicated concert hall. This was first utilized in the Tokyo International Forum, and subsequently at the Bass Performance Hall in Fort Worth, Texas and the Thelma Gaylord Theater at the Oklahoma City Civic Center.
Recent Business.
In 2008, Jaffe Holden Acoustics, Inc. expanded its consulting services to include information technology services. Services include the areas of telecommunications, data, voice and cable infrastructure and network technologies.
Current CEO.
In 2005, Mark Holden became chairman of Jaffe Holden Acoustics, Inc. Educated at Duke University with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, Mr. Holden has authored numerous papers and columns for major trade publications. He has lectured at Harvard University and the University of Miami. He is a member of the National Council of Acoustical Consultants and was elected Fellow of the Acoustical Society of America in 2004.
Locations.
Jaffe Holden Acoustics Inc. has two main office locations:
Projects.
Notable Projects In Progress.
As of 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="20561257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561257" title="Kathryn Stott">
Kathryn Stott

Kathryn Stott (born 10 December 1958) is a British classical pianist who performs as a concerto soloist, recitalist and chamber musician. Her specialities include the English and French classical repertoire, contemporary classical music and the tango. She teaches at the Royal Academy of Music and Chetham's School of Music, and has organised several music festivals and concert series. 
"Grove Music Online" describes Stott's playing as "marked by a vivid sense of immediacy and personal communication." A recent review of her fiftieth birthday gala concert in "The Times" describes her as "one of the most versatile pianists on the circuit".
Early life and education.
Stott was born in Nelson, Lancashire. Her mother was a piano teacher and she began to learn the piano at the age of five. She attended the Yehudi Menuhin School, where her teachers included Nadia Boulanger, Marcel Ciampi, Barbara Kerslake and Ravel specialist, Vlado Perlemuter, and then studied at the Royal College of Music with Kendall Taylor.
Performance and recording career.
Stott's career as a soloist was launched after she gained fifth place in the Leeds International Piano Competition in 1978. Her London début was at the Purcell Room the same year. She has since toured throughout Europe, Asia, America and Australia with a concert repertoire that encompasses concertos, solo piano music and chamber music. She is unusual in always performing from a score.
Stott has a particular affinity with English music, and her series of recordings of works by Frank Bridge, George Lloyd, John Ireland and William Walton is described as "distinguished" in "Grove". She is also known for her love of French music, particularly the works of Gabriel Fauré, whose complete piano works she has recorded to critical acclaim. Contemporary classical music is another of Stott's specialities. She has given the first performances of many works, including a concerto by Sir Peter Maxwell Davies, Michael Nyman's "The Piano Concerto" and Graham Fitkin's "Circuit" (with Noriko Ogawa). Since the mid-1990s, she has also been interested in tango and other Latin dance music, which she describes as "primitive music, hard to place, both abrasive and tender".
Stott first met long-term collaborator, cellist Yo-Yo Ma, in 1978 when she "discovered a Chinese man in his underpants playing the cello" in her flat after returning from holiday (Ma had rented the flat without realising that it was shared). They have worked together since 1985; the pair frequently tour together and have made several joint recordings, including "Soul of the Tango" and "Obrigado Brazil", which received Grammy Awards in 1999 and 2004. She also has long-standing collaborations with cellists Truls Mørk, Christian Poltéra and Natalie Clein, violinist Janine Jansen, and pianist Noriko Ogawa.
Artistic direction.
Stott has directed several successful music festivals and concert series in the north of England. In 1995, she organised a Fauré festival in Manchester to mark the composer's 150th anniversary. According to the "Independent", the event was "transformed by her enthusiasm and her own sumptuous performances of this neglected composer's works." The success of the festival led to her appointment as Chevalier dans l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government. 
She directed two major piano festivals at the Manchester Bridgewater Hall in 2000 and 2003. As Stott considers "It's very important at an event like this that we should let people play", both festivals featured multiple Steinway grands that the public were allowed to try, as well as a variety of novelty pianos including a red "Ferrari" Steinway, an "exploded" piano revealing the internal workings, a grove of woven pianos, and a concert grand fitted with a pool which played a variety of watery sounds.
In 1998, Stott directed a concert series "Out of the Shadows" with the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic, featuring two neglected female composers, Clara Schumann and Fanny Mendelssohn. More recently, she has directed the series "Chopin: The Music and the Legacy" at Leeds College of Music (2004–5) and "Paris" at the Sheffield Crucible (2006). In 2008, she was appointed the musical director of the Manchester Chamber Concerts Society. She is also on the board of the Hallé Orchestra.
Teaching.
As of 2008, Stott teaches at the Royal Academy of Music in London and at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester. She formerly taught at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester.
Personal life.
Stott lives in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire. She has a daughter, Lucy, from a previous marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="20561261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561261" title="Frank Kalin">
Frank Kalin

Frank Bruno Kalin ["Fats"] (October 3, 1917 – January 12, 1975) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Kalin played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in and the Chicago White Sox in . In 7 career games, he had no hits in 7 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
From 1943 to 1945 Kalin served in the military during World War. 
Kalin was born in Steubenville, Ohio and died in Weirton, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20561266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561266" title="2005 Buenos Aires 200km">
2005 Buenos Aires 200km

The 2005 200 km of Buenos Aires is the second edition of this race on the TC2000 season.
The race was held in the Autódromo Juan y Óscar Gálvez in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="20561270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561270" title="Anastasios Bavelas">
Anastasios Bavelas

Anastasios ("Tasos") Bavelas (born February 27, 1968 in Athens, Attica) is a male former tennis player from Greece.
Bavelas represented his native country in the doubles competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, partnering George Kalovelonis. The pair was eliminated in the first round there. He also competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
The right-hander Bavelas represented Greece in the Davis Cup from 1984–1994, posting a 15-13 record in singles and a 5-3 record in doubles.
Bevalas played in some dozen minor circuit events during the 1980s. He highest ranking in singles was World No. 451, which he reached in November, 1984. His highest doubles ranking was World No. 438, which he reached in July, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20561282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561282" title="Alpha–beta transformation">
Alpha–beta transformation

In electrical engineering, the alpha-beta (formula_1) transformation (also known as the Clarke transformation) is a mathematical transformation employed to simplify the analysis of three-phase circuits. Conceptually it is similar to the dqo transformation. One very useful application of the formula_1 transformation is the generation of the reference signal used for space vector modulation control of three-phase inverters.
Definition.
The formula_1 transform applied to three-phase currents, as used by Edith Clarke, is
where formula_5 is a generic three-phase current sequence and formula_6 is the corresponding current sequence given by the transformation formula_7.
The inverse transform is:
The above Clarke's transformation preserves the amplitude of the electrical variables which it is applied to. Indeed, consider a three-phase symmetric, direct, current sequence
where formula_10 is the rms of formula_11, formula_12, formula_13 and formula_14 is the generic time-varying angle that can also be set to formula_15 without loss of generality. Then, by applying formula_7 to the current sequence, it results
where the last equation holds since we have considered balanced currents. As it is shown in the above, the amplitudes of the currents in the formula_1 reference frame are the same of that in the natural reference frame.
Power invariant transformation.
The active and reactive powers computed in the Clark's domain with the transformation shown above are not the same of those computed in the standard reference frame. This happens because formula_7 is not unitary. In order to preserve the active and reactive powers one has, instead, to consider
which is a unitary matrix and the inverse coincides with its transpose.
In this case the amplitudes of the transformed currents are not the same of those in the standard reference frame, that is
Simplified transformation.
Since in a balanced system formula_22 and thus formula_23 one can also consider the simplified transform
and
Geometric Interpretation.
The formula_1 transformation can be thought of as the projection of the three phase quantities (voltages or currents) onto two stationary axes, the alpha axis and the beta axis.

</doc>
<doc id="20561283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561283" title="Government of Pasadena, Texas">
Government of Pasadena, Texas

The Government of Pasadena, Texas operates under a Mayor-Council form of government with a mayor and eight council members who are responsible for enacting legislation, adopting budgets and setting policies.
Council members are elected by voters in each of eight districts. They serve two-year terms. Members are term-restricted to four consecutive two-year terms. The mayor is elected citywide. The mayor is restricted to serving no more than two consecutive four-year terms. The mayor is the city's chief administrator and executive officer.
The mayor is entitled to vote on all matters that come before the City Council and may veto ordinances and resolutions adopted by the council. The City Council can override the mayor's veto by a simple majority vote.
The citizens of Pasadena may initiate ordinances to be voted on by the City Council by submitting a petition signed by qualified voters of the city. Citizens also have the power to oveerride legislation enacted by the City Council by submitting a petition of voters. Voters may recall council members or the mayor.
The City Council meets once a week.
1965 Government Corruption Investigation.
In 1965, Houston Post reporter Gene Goltz Received the Pulitzer Prizefor his exposure of government corruption in Pasadena, Texas, which resulted in widespread reforms.[http://www.pulitzer.org/bycat/Local-Investigative-Specialized-Reporting

</doc>
<doc id="20561289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561289" title="Black Vir Lake">
Black Vir Lake

The Black Vir Lake (; , "Crn Vir") is a very small mountain lake found in Kosovo. It is located above sea level in the Šar Mountains part of Kosovo. It has a maximum length of and a maximum width of . The Black Vir Lake, like many other lakes close by, is surrounded by large rocks.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20561297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561297" title="Hydractinia symbiolongicarpus">
Hydractinia symbiolongicarpus

Hydractinia symbiolongicarpus is one of the 30 + "Hydractinia" species known worldwide. This saltwater animal, from here on referred to as "Hydractinia", is at the base of the Cnidaria phylum and in many ways, is similar to the freshwater "Hydra". In the wild, "Hydractinia" feed on smaller invertebrates found in the shallow mud, however in laboratory environments they are fed brine shrimp. "Hydractinia symbiolongicurpus" and its sibling species, "Hydractinia echinata", are the two species from the "Hydractinia" genus upon which most work has been published.
Description.
"Hydractinia" consist of a network of gastrovascular canals embedded in a plate of tissue called the mat. When gastrovascular canals extend outside of the mat, they are called stolons. The stolon tips on the outer edge of the colony secrete SIF (Stolon Inducing Factor) allowing for the creation of branching stolons In the field, colonies exhibit morphologies that range from highly stoloniferous to completely stolonless. Four types of polyps are found on "Hydractinia" colonies, including feeding polyps, sexual polyps, and two other types of polyps called dactylozooids and tentaculozooids, which protect the colony. Nematocyte precursors migrate into feeding polyps and germ cells migrate into sexual polyps. Nerve cells are found in all parts of the colony. While "Hydractinia" do not have a bodily axis of symmetry, the polyps exhibit oral/aboral symmetry. In the planula stage, the "Hydractinia" exhibit anterior/posterior symmetry.
Growth and Development.
"Hydractinia" colonies are either male or female, and sexes are probably genetically determined. In the shallow waters, where "Hydractinia" are found, colonies release gametes on a light cue. After a period of darkness, sunlight triggers the rupture of gonadal walls in males and females, causing the release of gametes. Embryos develop in two to three days leading to a planula larvae. The planula then attaches to a hermit crab shell and subsequently undergoes metamorphosis to turn into a single polyp with extending stolons. 
During metamorphosis, cell proliferation, differentiation, and migration occur. Metamorphosis is triggered by unknown cues from bacteria found on the hermit crab shell. After metamorphosis, the single polyp grows and extends its stolonal network and can reach adult size fairly quickly. The animal can complete its whole life cycle in 2–3 months.
Allorecognition.
Allorecognition is the ability to tell self from non-self within the same species. In "Hydractinia", work on laboratory strains has revealed that this ability rests at two genetically inherited loci, called "alr1" and "alr2". If two colonies share an allele at both "alr1" and "alr2", they fuse and subsequently establish a continuous gastrovascular system. A complete mismatch at "alr1" and "alr2" leads to rejection, in which the colonies fight with each other until one colony dies. In rejection, the colonies inflict damage on each other by shooting nematocysts at each other where their stolons and mat contact. If two colonies match at one locus, they initially fuse and later separate their tissues, a response called transitory fusion. Fusion tests along with other molecular techniques are used to determine the unknown genotypes of "Hydractinia" colonies. 
Habitat.
"Hydractinia symbiolongicarpus" lives in shallow environments along the North Atlantic coast and is primarily found on hermit crab shells.
See also.
"Hydractinia echinata"

</doc>
<doc id="20561307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561307" title="Diploma of Journalism">
Diploma of Journalism

A Diploma of Journalism (or Diploma in Journalism) is an academic qualification in journalism issued by a university or college.
The diploma is generally issued after one year of study. As is common with diplomas in general, diplomas in journalism are often more practical or applied than a course leading to a bachelor's or master's degree in journalism. Some universities offer postgraduate Diplomas of Journalism.
Historically, the emergence of journalism diplomas reflected the somewhat condescending view of journalism education which emerged in Britain and British Commonwealth countries, unlike the United States. Briggs and Burke point out that, despite the emergence of university degree programs in the United States from the late 19th century, British universities were uninterested in formal journalism education, and entered the field only at sub-degree level: "between 1919 and 1939 the only University Diploma for Journalism in Britain was offered at London University". In the 1920s and 1930s in Australia, four universities started journalism diploma courses as sub-degree programs, but none of the courses survived in this form. (They have since emerged as degree courses.) 
More recently, there has been debate about comparisons between diploma and degree programs in journalism, with advocates of diplomas arguing that the shorter courses, with their lesser emphasis on theory, are often more relevant to industry needs. Degree courses, however, offer deeper theoretical exposure and greater analysis of ethical and legal issues.
In New Zealand, the media industry has developed a national diploma of journalism, establishing a curriculum which is followed by accredited training institutions, including universities and colleges.
Another development has been the specialist diploma in a particular field of journalism, such as sports journalism, science journalism or business journalism, generally taught at postgraduate level.
English-language institutions offering the Diploma of Journalism are mainly in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and the Commonwealth countries. 
Examples of journalism diploma courses are:

</doc>
<doc id="20561320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561320" title="Local Appointments Commission">
Local Appointments Commission

The Local Appointments Commissions were created by W. T. Cosgrave to counter allegations of favouritism at local levels in government in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20561349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561349" title="Ariel Community Academy">
Ariel Community Academy

Ariel Community Academy is a grammar school in Chicago, Illinois that used to be named Shakespeare Public School. In 1996, Arne Duncan and John W. Rogers, Jr. were part of a network that funded and supported the school. 80% of the eighth-grade graduates from the academy are accepted at elite area high schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20561358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561358" title="Bertha Adkins">
Bertha Adkins

Bertha Sheppard Adkins was born in Salisbury, Maryland on August 24, 1906 and died on January 14, 1983. She was an educator, political activist, public servant, and a community leader. 
Early life.
Adkins graduated (at age 15) from Wicomico High School in Salisbury, Maryland. Her parents decided that she was not yet ready for college, so she attended preparatory school at the Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. After graduation she attended Wellesley College where she graduated with an AB degree in 1924. She later received Master of Arts degree from Columbia University. Adkins also received honorary degrees from Hood, Salisbury State, Western Maryland, Wheaton and Wilson Colleges.
Her first job after college was as a teacher at Miss Harold’s School, a private elementary school in Salisbury. She held this position from 1928-1932. She felt unchallenged by the position and left. After a brief trip to Europe she began working as a secretary in the family business, E. S. Adkins Lumber Company.
In 1934 Western Maryland College (currently McDaniel College) in Westminster, Maryland offered her the position of Dean of Women. She accepted and stayed until 1942 when she became the Dean of Residence at Bradford Junior College in Bradford, Massachusetts.
Later life.
After the death of her mother in 1946, Adkins returned to Salisbury to run her father’s household. At that time she was active in community affairs and also began her political career by volunteering her services to the local Republican Party. In recognition of her organizational abilities and skill in working with the public, she was appointed as Republican National Committeewoman for Maryland in 1948. Some women who had long been active in the Maryland Federation of Republican Women protested this appointment, resentful that the relative new-comer was appointed over other candidates and fearing that this was a case of the men of the party imposing their will on the women’s activities. Adkins’ down-to-earth strength in organizing and motivating workers at the precinct level soon won over all but her most bitter rivals.
Two years later, she was appointed Executive Director of the Women's Division of the Republican National Committee (RNC). In 1953, she became Assistant to the Chairman of the RNC. During this time, she instituted a series of "Breakfasts with the President" and set an example for a series of annual national conferences of Republican women. In her work for the RNC Adkins traveled extensively across the country speaking to Republican women’s groups, at Lincoln Day dinners, and at a wide range of party events. Frequently in her speeches she encouraged women to take an active role in party politics and to consider running for elected office. An active member of the American Association of University Women (AAUW), The Bertha Sheppard Adkins fellowship was established in her honor in 1958, for a female scholar pursuing advanced work in American history, government of politics. 
She maintained close relationships with Democratic women leaders throughout her political career, maintaining that strong participation by women in both parties was needed to ensure a strong two-party system. She continued to be active in the Republican Party throughout her life. In 1968 she helped organize the unsuccessful Presidential campaign bid of Nelson Rockefeller.
President Dwight D. Eisenhower appointed Bertha Adkins the Under Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW) in 1958. She was the first woman to hold this position. One of her chief responsibilities was the oversight of aging programs. In this capacity she directed the organization of the first White House Conference on Aging in 1961. She also played a role in the White House Conference on Children and Youth held in 1960.
As Under Secretary she also served on the Advisory Board for Economic Growth and Stability, the Committee for Rural Development, the Committee to Coordinate Federal Urban Area Assistance Programs, and served as chairman of the Department Board on Employee Awards. She continued her extensive speaking schedule with a new agenda; now she promoted HEW programs, in particular, the White House Conference on Aging. As Under Secretary she attended the United Nations Seminar on the Participation of Women in Public Life in Bogota, Colombia, May 18-29, 1959 and the UNESCO General Conference in Paris in November-December, 1960. She also traveled to Finland, Norway, Sweden Soviet Union, and Poland in 1959.
In 1957 President Eisenhower appointed Adkins to the Lincoln Sesquicentennial Commission. She served as chair of the Executive Committee. The Commission organized publications, promotions and educational programs to commemorate Abraham Lincoln. The activities culminated on Lincoln’s 150th birthday in 1959.
After leaving Federal service in 1961 Adkins returned to education. She accepted the position as Head of Foxcroft School in Middleburg, Virginia. She worked to strengthen the academic program at the school. In 1967 she retired to her home in Oxford, Maryland.
Instead of a quiet retirement, Adkins once again entered Federal service, returning to her role as an advocate for the elderly and aging programs. In 1969 President Richard Nixon appointed her to the Task Force on the Problems of the Aging. In 1970 she served on the President’s Advisory Committee on Social Security. She served as vice-chairman of the 1971 White House Conference on Aging. In 1972 she served on the Advisory Committee on Older Americans. In 1974 she was appointed to the Advisory Committee on Social Security. Finally, on March 27, 1974, President Nixon appointed her as chairman of his new Federal Council on Aging. As chairman, she organized public hearings on national policy concerns for older women. Her work in this area set the tone for the work of the Council. She served as chairman until 1977 and retired completely from the committee in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20561381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561381" title="Donji Vir Lake">
Donji Vir Lake

The Donji Vir (; , "Donji Vir") is one of the smallest mountain lakes in the Šar Mountains of Kosovo. It is shaped like a circle and has a rough diameter of . It is situated just a few metres west of the larger Small Jažinačko Lake.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20561391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561391" title="Mihai Adam">
Mihai Adam

Mihai Adam (born 3 July 1940) was a Romanian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20561411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561411" title="Shaher Elsohemy">
Shaher Elsohemy

A prominent Egyptian-Canadian Muslim, Shaher Elsohemy was paid $4 million by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police for his role in infiltrating the alleged terrorist plot in the 2006 Toronto terrorism case, although some have claimed he acted as an agent provocateur, their claim failed in court.
He was given legal immunity to "knowingly facilitate a terrorist activity" and asked to help the accused acquire credit cards and purchase explosives. After the arrests, he was subsequently placed in witness protection for his safety.
Life.
The Agricultural engineering graduate studied and spent much of his early life in Cairo, Egypt, but returned to Canada in 2000 and started a five-year career as a flight attendant for Air Canada. 
Described as a man who "loved the good life", he once took a friend on a one-day trip to Poland simply because they wanted to try eating duck properly. Another time, he began describing his favourite restaurant to a friend and decided to take him on a one-day trip to South America to eat at the restaurant.
He left his job to open his own catering business, which closed the following year. Changing his direction, he opened a new businesses, setting up a travel agency.
Role in the plot.
On April 29, 2006, the man was asked by the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) — with whom he was asked to volunteer as an informant — to set up a meeting between himself and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. He told the police agency that he was willing to infiltrate the group they were monitoring. Negotiations started at $15 million. It is believed that his help "stopping the terrorist act, would be worthy of that amount". 
The RCMP negotiated with him for six hours but were unable to convince him to help them for any less than $13.4 million, and at 10pm, they agreed to schedule a meeting the following day to continue their negotiation. The RCMP refused to meet his demands and the meeting ended still without resolution, although an internal memo stated that the police force had better agree to meet his price or else he might "become hostile as a witness, difficult to control and seek other avenues to be compensated". At their final meeting, the police agreed they would pay him an award of $500,000 although the cost of relocation and protection was estimated at 4.1 million.
He was given legal immunity to "knowingly facilitate a terrorist activity" and asked to help the accused acquire credit cards and purchase ammonium nitrate from disguised police officers, and to facilitate the storage of the explosive fertilizer in a Newmarket warehouse. He was given $2000 by Shareef Abdelhaleem as an alleged downpayment to purchase the explosives since he had an agricultural engineering degree.
A month later, both intelligence and police units co-operated to stage a series of raids across the Greater Toronto Area, arresting 16 young men and an older man alleged to have acted as their ringleader. By April 2008, seven of the alleged terrorists, including the alleged ringleader, were released after the Crown suggested there was no evidence they had planned anything themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20561412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561412" title="2003 Toronto Rock season">
2003 Toronto Rock season

The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2003 season was the 6th in franchise history and 5th as the Rock.
The Rock continued its dynasty on top of the NLL standings, finishing first in its division for the fifth straight year. The Rock beat the Colorado Mammoth in the semifinals, to advance to the championship game against the Rochester Knighthawks. Their victory in this game gave the Rock two consecutive championships, and four out of five years.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 
Player stats.
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"

</doc>
<doc id="20561423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561423" title="Florida Pearl">
Florida Pearl

Florida Pearl (1992-2012) is an Irish-bred race horse, who raced in the late 1990s and early 2000s. He was owned by Mrs Violet O'Leary and trained by Willie Mullins. His major race successes included the Champion Bumper, Royal & SunAlliance Chase, King George VI Chase, and a record four Irish Hennessy's (Hennessy Gold Cup (Ireland)), among other races.
Florida Pearl made his debut when winning a 4YO Maiden at Lismore in March 1996. He did not reappear then until December of that year, where he followed up by winning a National Hunt Flat Race at Leopardstown. He was then stepped straight up to Grade 1 class, for the 1997 Cheltenham Festival, where he was an impressive 5-length winner of the Champion Bumper, which turned out to be his final appearance of that season.
He reappeared in December 1997, where he won a Beginners Chase at Leopardstown. Following that, he was stepped up in class for the Grade 2 Dr.P.J. Moriarty Memorial Novice Chase, for which he was an odds on favourite and obliged with a 1-length victory over Boss Doyle. Following that victory, he was sent off the 11/8 favourite for the Royal & SunAlliance Chase, where he defied his relative inexperience over fences to record an impressive 1½ length victory over Escartefigue, under Richard Dunwoody, maintaining his unbeaten record in the process.
He made his first start of the 1998/99 season at Leopardstown in December in the Ericsson Chase, where he was sent off an odds on favourite. Travelling strongly in the race, he made a mistake three out which resulted in him falling, leaving Doran's Pride to win. Despite this fall, he was still sent off an odds on favourite for the Irish Hennessy in February 1999, where he recorded a 2-length victory over old rival Escarefigue. He was then sent off the 5/2 favourite for the 1999 Cheltenham Gold Cup, but failed to justify favouritism under Richard Dunwoody, finishing a 17-length 3rd behind the winner, See More Business. Florida Pearl made his final appearance of that season in April in the Punchestown Gold Cup, where he was once again sent off the odds on favourite, but could only finish a 14-length 2nd to Imperial Call.
He began the 1999–00 season in the Grade 1 James Nicholson Wine Merchant Champion Chase, he won comfortably from Doran's Pride by 2½ lengths. He then contested Ericsson Chase for the second season in a row, where he again failed to justify odd on favouritism, when finishing 2nd to Rince Ri. He then came back to Leopardstown to contest his first Handicap, where he only just defied top weight when running out a short winner from Amberleigh House. He then contested the Irish Hennessy for the 2nd successive season and was a comfortable 5½ length winner over old foe Doran's Pride. Florida Pearl then came back to contest the Cheltenham Gold Cup, where he was sent off the 9/2 joint 2nd favourite beind last years winner and favourite, See More Business (9/4). In a race which was marred by the subsequent death of the then race leader Gloria Victis, Florida Pearl was however again unsuccessful in his bid to win the Cheltenham Gold Cup, finishing a 5-length second to fellow 9/2 joint favourite, Looks Like Trouble.
In the 2000/01 season, Florida Pearl made five appearances, all at Grade 1 level. He had no luck in his first three races of the season, starting in the James Nicholson Wine Merchant Champion Chase, where he finished a distant fourth to reigning Cheltenham Gold Cup Champion, Looks Like Trouble. He then went on to be denied by just a short head by Native Upmanship in the John Durkan Memorial Chase at Punchestown. Florida then made his first appearance at Kempton in the King George VI Chase, where he finished a 10-length 2nd to impressive winner, First Gold. He then regained the winning thread, when winning the Irish Hennessy for the 3rd successive season, beating stablemate Alexander Banquet by 2 lengths. He was unable to run at the Cheltenham Festival because it was abandoned due to the 2001 UK foot and mouth crisis. In his final appearance of the season, Florida Pearl finished a 6-length 2nd to Moscow Express in the Powers Gold Cup at Fairyhouse.
The 2001/02 season proved to be a lot more successful for Florida Pearl, although it began with a 2½ length 3rd behind Foxchapel King in the James Nicholson Wine Merchant Champion Chase. But more victories were not far away, when he exacting revenge on Native Upmanship from the previous season, with a short head win in the John Durkan Memorial Chase. Florida Pearl then returned to Kempton for the King George VI Chase in December, where he again exacted revenge on last years winner, First Gold, with a 3/4 length victory over Best Mate. He then went back to Leopardstown to contest the Irish Hennessy for the 4th successive season, where he was sent off the 6/4 favourite, but could only finish a 25-length 4th behind the winner and stablemate, Alexander Banquet. He then went back to contest the 2002 Cheltenham Gold Cup, where he could only finish 11th of 18 behind the impressive winner, Best Mate. He returned to England for his next start in the Grade 2 Martell Cup Chase, where he cruised to an 11 length victory over Cyfor Malta. He was still to make one more successful appearance that season, when winning the Punchestown Gold Cup by 3 lengths over Native Upmanship.
2002–03 then proved to be a very disappointing season for Florida Pearl as he failed to get his head in front in five attempts. After being beaten a distance in both James Nicholson Wine Merchant Champion Chase and the King George VI Chase, behind More Than A Stroll and Best Mate respectively, he went on to be pulled up in the race associated with him, the 2003 Irish Hennessy. He was then dropped down to 2 miles at the Cheltenham Festival, but could only finish 8th of 11 behind Moscow Flyer in the Queen Mother Champion Chase. In his final start of the season, he finished fifth behind old foe First Gold in the Punchestown Gold Cup.
The following season, 2003–04, proved to be Florida Pearl's final season racing, and he only made two appearances on the racecourse. He began the season in January 2004, where he made a successful return to action at Fairyhouse in the Grade 3 Norman Grove Chase, running out a 2-length winner over Rince Ri. In his final ever race, Florida Pearl returned to Leopardstown to contest the Irish Hennessy one last time, where he was sent off the 5/1 fourth favourite in the betting under jockey, Richard Johnson. He defied these odds to win the race for the fourth time at the age of 12, with a 3-length victory over the 15/8 favourite Le Coudray.
Florida Pearl was euthanised on 5 May 2012 due to a rare condition linked to a malignant cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20561457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561457" title="The Booze News">
The Booze News

The Booze News is a satirical newspaper founded at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in February 2004 by Atish Doshi and Derek Chin. The free paper, published weekly with a circulation of 20,000, is written, edited and distributed by students at UIUC. Currently, "The Booze News" is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and continues to exist under The Black Sheep.
Origins and expansion.
According to co-founder Derek Chin, "The Booze News" was founded as a twelve-page paper in 2004. With innovative and controversial content the paper's popularity quickly grew among the University of Illinois student base, and as that popularity was further realized by the local advertisers, the paper expanded to twenty pages.The first campus expansion took place in 2005, as "The Booze News" began publishing a twelve-page issue at Illinois State University. In 2006, The Booze News expanded further, and began distribution at three more schools, The University of Wisconsin in Madison, The University of Iowa in Iowa City, Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana, University of Florida in Gainsville, FL, University of Georgia in Athens, GA and the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. (The University of Wisconsin, Indiana University and University of Missouri issues are no longer in print.) In 2008 the parent company of "The Booze News" was dissolved. "The Booze News" remained for two years and now operates as "The Black Sheep.".
Weekly content.
Each week the student-writers at "The Booze News" produce several comedic articles that poke fun at life as a college students. Often the content consists of many one-shot satirical articles that comment on current campus occurrences, as well as one or two recurring columns that anchor weekly readership. For example, Volume 13, issue 3, published on September 10, 2008, led with a one-shot article parodying a hoax email sent out by UIUC Chancellor Richard Herman, and contained two regular columns, a fake interview with UIUC football coach Ron Zook and a sex-themed column, "Sex in the C-U".
In addition to the weekly articles, "The Booze News" runs a rotating series of alcohol reviews, CD reviews, bartender interviews, drinking games, class-time games and celebrity interviews.
Controversy.
"The Booze News" often garners criticism for promoting underage drinking and binge drinking, but co-founder Atish Doshi notes that "The paper is not for eight-year olds," and "The students love it."
In October 2008 "The Booze News" came under popular scrutiny for an article in its University of Missouri edition. The article in question was "Judging A Book By Its Cover". The writer of the controversial article published a fictional interpretation of the plot of a children's book. Previous books used to for the "Judging a Book By Its Cover" series include, "Elmo Pops In, The Box Car Children, The Hardy Boys, and The Little Engine That Could." Some of the older town's people were offended by the content. The incident garnered national attention from news media outlets such as CNN, Fox News and the "Los Angeles Times".T

</doc>
<doc id="20561461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561461" title="Forever Young (Bob Dylan song)">
Forever Young (Bob Dylan song)

"Forever Young" is a song by Bob Dylan. The song first appeared (in two different versions) on Dylan's 1974 album "Planet Waves".
Analysis.
In the notes for the 2007 album "Dylan", Bill Flanagan said the following about "Forever Young":
After an eight year break from touring, Dylan's legend was big enough to fit all twelve apostles and still have room for a couple of Buddhas. He agreed to go back on the road in 1974 with The Band, his old backup group who had become stars themselves during the down time. They got together and quickly knocked off an album, "Planet Waves", that featured two versions of a blessing from a parent to a child. In the years he was away from stage Dylan had become a father. He had that in common with a good chunk of the audience. The song reflected it. Memorably recited on American TV by Howard Cosell when Muhammad Ali won the heavyweight crown for the third time.
Rod Stewart.
Rod Stewart recorded a song entitled "Forever Young" that was released as a single and included on his "Out of Order" album in 1988. The song was remarkably similar to the Bob Dylan song of the same title, sharing not only a similar melody but many of the same lyrics. Stewart agreed to share his royalties with Dylan.
2009 Remix.
In 2009 a remix of the song, "Forever Young (Continued)" was featured in a Pepsi commercial, with will.i.am rapping a verse. The advertisement ends with the slogan: "Every generation refreshes the world."
Cover versions.
The Pretenders covered the song for their sixth studio album "Last of the Independents" and in the end credits to "".
Billy Corgan sang a cover version of the song on "Bozo: 40 Years of Fun", the final episode of Chicago's long-running "Bozo" series.
On October 19, 2011, Norah Jones sang the song at the open-air memorial concert for Apple founder, Steve Jobs.
On his 2013 album, "Love Never Fails", "X Factor" runner-up Jahméne Douglas performed a remix of "Forever Young".
Peter, Paul and Mary covered the song in their album "Reunion" released in 1978.
In popular culture.
The 2010 television series "Parenthood" uses the second version of this song, "Forever Young (Continued)" as its theme song.
"Forever Young" is one of seven Dylan songs whose lyrics were reset for soprano and piano (or orchestra) by John Corigliano for his song cycle "Mr. Tambourine Man: Seven Poems of Bob Dylan".
Episode 12 of Season 1 of the television series "Sons of Anarchy", opens and closes with a cover version of "Forever Young" sung by Audra Mae.
Retailer Kohl’s began running a television commercial in November 2013 for the holidays that portrays a couple decorating an elderly woman’s apartment set to a cover of Dylan’s “Forever Young.” 

</doc>
<doc id="20561469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561469" title="Sun Chemical">
Sun Chemical

Sun Chemical is the world's largest producer of printing inks and pigments and is located in Parsippany-Troy Hills, New Jersey. It was incorporated in 1945. The company has its roots as the Lorilleux & Cie. Paris in 1818, but was incorporated under the Sun name in 1945. The company operates the Daniel J. Carlick Technical Center in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
Sun Chemical is a member of the DIC Corporation group, based in Japan.
Sun Chemical is a leading provider of materials to packaging, publication, coatings, plastics, cosmetics and other industrial markets, including electronic materials, functional and specialty coatings, brand protection and product authentication technologies.

</doc>
<doc id="20561484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561484" title="Evelyn Fanshawe">
Evelyn Fanshawe

Sir Evelyn Dalrymple Fanshawe CB, CBE (1895–1979) was a British Major General and the Director of the International Refugee Organisation in the British Zone of Germany from 1948-1952.
A grandson on his mother's side of Sir Evelyn Wood, he was born to Lt. Gen. Sir Hew Dalrymple Fanshawe and Anna Paulina Mary Wood in 1895. He married Marie Harari in 1920.
Military career.
He was commissioned into the Queen's Bays in 1914 and saw service in France, Palestine, Mesopotamia, Persia, Russia and Syria during World War I; among his assignments during this period was Aide-de-camp to his father who was General Officer Commanding the British Cavalry Corps (1915). From 1915-1919 he was seconded to the Royal Flying Corps. He returned to his regiment as Adjutant in 1919. In 1939 he was appointed Commander of the 20th Armoured Brigade and following promotion to Major General he held the post of the Armoured Training and Commander of the Royal Armoured Corps Training Establishment from 1942 to the end of the War.
Later career.
Fanshawe retired from the Army in 1945 whereupon he became the UN Relief and Rehabilitation Administration Director in the British Zone of Germany (1945–1948). Subsequently he was Director of the International Refugee Organisation in the British Zone of Germany from 1948-1952. In 1952 he was attached to the Dominion Countries UN Organisation Mission, and in 1960 was High Sheriff of Northamptonshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20561524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561524" title="Spessart Ramp">
Spessart Ramp

The Spessart Ramp ("Spessartrampe") is a 5.4 km long incline on the Main-Spessart Railway in southern Germany between Laufach at one end and the Schwarzkopf tunnel and Heigenbrücken at the other, with an average incline of 20 ‰. The ramp is part of Ludwig's Western Railway and the section from Würzburg via Aschaffenburg to the state border at Kahl am Main was opened on 1 October 1854 by the Royal Bavarian State Railways. The ramp enabled the difference in height between the Laufach valley and the Lohr valley to be overcome as it crossed the Spessart between Kahl am Main and Aschaffenburg on the one side and Würzburg/Bamberg on the other.
In keeping with the philosophy for railway construction at that time it was decided that the way to cope with large differences in height was the construction of a relatively short, steep section of line and to haul trains up the incline with the aid of banking locomotives, whilst the remaining section of the route could be made relatively level. A structure using the same concept is the "Schiefe Ebene" between Neuenmarkt-Wirsberg and Marktschorgast, which was built between 1844 and 1848 as part of the Ludwig South-North Railway. The Spessart Ramp, together with the adjoining Schwarzkopf tunnel had been double-tracked in 1854, whilst the remaining parts of the line between Kahl am Main and Würzburg were not doubled until the 1890s. The Spessart Ramp was electrified in 1957. During the steam locomotive era, heavy goods trains were frequently hauled up the ramp at just 6 km/h.
In 1914 the legendary 0-8-8-0 Mallet locomotives, the Bavarian Gt 2x4/4s (later DRG Class 96) arrived as banking engines for the Spessart Ramp. Later they were replaced by Prussian T 16.1 (DRG Class 94.5-17) which remained in service until 1957, and also sometines by the Prussian T 20s (Class 95s). From 1957 to autumn 1987 the Class E 94.2s (194.5) took on the banking duties.
These were replaced from late 1987 to 2003 by the DB Class 150, that have been in operation there briefly in 1957 for a few weeks as pushers. Since 2003 the DB Class 151 has performed the banking task.
Because the Deutsche Bahn does not push the goods trains of private railway companies for competition reasons, since 2004 the "Mittelweserbahn" has stationed locomotive number 1020 041 ( ex ÖBB, known as "Krokodil") at Laufach for the goods trains of private railways. As a result an example of Class E93/E94 has returned after a break of many years to banking duties on the Spessart Ramp.
Future.
In August 2006 the German Federal Transport Ministry gave financial approval for the construction of a new, less steep, double-tracked line with 4 tunnels. Construction will start in 2009 at a cost of €240 million (2006 estimate) and should be completed by 2014. The main tunnel will be the 2,600 m long Falkenberg tunnel which will join the existing line on the eastern side of Heigenbrücken. After the new line enters service, the old route will be closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20561534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561534" title="Parappa the Rapper TV Animation Soundtrack Stage.2">
Parappa the Rapper TV Animation Soundtrack Stage.2

Parappa the Rapper TV Animation Soundtrack Stage 2 (Japanese: パラッパラッパー TVアニメーション サウンドトラック) is a CD album containing music seen on Parappa Rappa. It is a sequel to Stage 1. The new anime's opening and ending themes are the first two tracks on the album. The CD was made available on 19 December 2001 in Japan.
All of the tracks within the CD are written in Japanese text, the song "Half-Time" and "To Be Continued" are Eye catch themes, while “Half-Time” brings the viewer to the commercial break, "To Be Continued" returns the viewer to the show; the track titled "Oh, Well... Next Time" is the preview theme, it's heard after every episode end can be considered to be a short remix of the song "Welcome to PaRappa Town", despite its predecessor, this album has no insert themes.
"Action, Start" is a song played whenever the Intertitle is seen and like the CD before this, the song "Attitude" and "Yellow Balloon" are played in their entirety, this is the only volume to have been made after the first as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20561545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561545" title="Sverdrup Channel">
Sverdrup Channel

The Sverdrup Channel () is an area of sea in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago within the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. To the north-west of the channel is Meighen Island, to the east is Axel Heiberg Island, and to the south is Amund Ringnes Island. The Fay Islands are located in the channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20561555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561555" title="Jonathan Leavitt (publisher)">
Jonathan Leavitt (publisher)

Jonathan Leavitt (January 20, 1797 – May 6, 1852) was a bookbinder who later co-founded the New York City publishing firm of Leavitt & Trow, one of the nation's first publishing houses. Leavitt was also co-founder of another early New York publishing house with his brother-in-law Daniel Appleton. George Palmer Putnam, who went on to found a New York publishing dynasty, received his first job from Leavitt. Eventually Jonathan Leavitt went into business on his own, and after his death the firm was run by his son George Ayres Leavitt.
History.
Jonathan Leavitt was born in 1797 at Hampton Falls, New Hampshire likely to Simeon Leavitt and his wife Betty (née) Tuck. An obituary in "The Publishers' Weekly" for Jonathan Leavitt's son George Ayers Leavitt, who followed his father into the publishing industry, indicates a family association with Effingham Falls (now simply Effingham), New Hampshire. The New Hampshire town had once been named Leavitts Town, and was settled chiefly by members of the Leavitt family from Hampton, New Hampshire. Leavitt served as an apprentice bookbinder in Cambridge, Massachusetts and then moved to Andover, Massachusetts in 1812–13. In Andover, Leavitt and printers Abraham Gould and Timothy Flagg set up a press for the Andover Theological Seminary. Leavitt and his two partners continued to operate their printing and bookbinding operation after Leavitt decided to relocate after over a decade in Andover.
Leavitt married the former Joan Ayres at Haverhill, Massachusetts, on July 8, 1820 at the age of 23. Although most accounts give the name of Leavitt's wife as Joan Ayres – and Ayres was subsequently the middle name of Leavitt's son George, who took over his father's publishing business – Sidney Perley, in his authoritative "The Essex Antiquarian", lists under the 'Adams Genealogy' the information that Major John Adams of Andover, Massachusetts, had daughters Louisa (who married 'Jonathan Leavitt') and Hannah (who married "Daniel Appleton of Haverhill' of "the Appleton Publishing House of New York City.").
New York City.
In 1825, Leavitt moved to New York City and went into business with his brother-in-law Daniel Appleton, who formerly worked as a Boston dry goods merchant but who had founded D. Appleton & Co., a large store on Exchange Place opposite the Customs House, to sell books. Appleton put up the capital for the founding of a publishing business with his brother-in-law Leavitt. The store on Exchange Place was divided into two sections, with Appleton's son William later taking charge of the bookselling functions. After five years of partnership, and feeling he could continue his business without further capital infusions from his brother-in-law, Jonathan Leavitt went into business for himself, opening a store at Broadway and John Streets and hiring George Palmer Putnam (then aged 16) as his apprentice and right-hand man. Appleton and his son subsequently moved their business to what was known as Clinton Hall, on Beekman Street, where they established themselves as well-known booksellers. With his partnership with Appleton dissolved, Leavitt became the leading publisher of religious and theological works in New York city.
Leavitt also acted as publisher for his early employee Putnam, who went on to open his own eponymous publishing firm, which became an industry fixture. "Mr. Leavitt is willing to publish the volume I have compiled", Putnam wrote to a correspondent during his term of employment with Jonathan Leavitt, "as soon as he is satisfied that it will be acceptable with the public." In 1833, Leavitt publish Putnam's first book: "Chronology, or An Introduction and Index to Universal History, Biography, and Useful Knowledge". The volume, which Putnam had first compiled for his own use, received a then-enormous printing run of 1,000 copies. The book's success, and Putnam's increasing usefulness to Leavitt's business caused the proprietor to advance him to a salary of two dollars per week, and within a few months to four dollars per week.
Broadway emerged early as center of the publishers who came to New York City, and Leavitt was among the pioneers of the business. Leavitt's brother-in-law Appleton had worked in the dry goods business in Boston, and took on management of the wholesale part of the new firm's printing business. Appleton later founded his own publishing firm, which later grew into one of the industry's largest, nearby at 200 Broadway.
John F. Trow & Co..
In 1840, Leavitt became partners with fellow Andover native John F. Trow, a veteran of the Andover publishing firm Leavitt had helped found: Flagg & Gould, operator of the Codman Press. The pair of Andover men founded two publishing firms – both located at 191 Broadway in Lower Manhattan. They founded John F. Trow & Co., as well a second firm under their combined names, Leavitt & Trow, to do publishing and bookselling.
From the beginning, the new firm published a wide array of books and pamphlets. In 1841, for instance, its presses turned out "Merciful Rebukes: A Sermon Preached in the Rutgers Street Church, New York, on Friday, May 14, 1841, On Occasion of the National Fast Recommended by the President of the United States". Two years later, the firm published a more ambitious project: a four-volume set of the sermons and papers of Rev. Jonathan Edwards entitled "The Works of President Edwards, in Four Volumes". The firm, with the experienced Trow in command of the printing end, also published the classical series of Prof. John J. Owen, which was wildly popular and went through several printings.
Leavitt's partner Trow was an early adapter of new printing technologies, and among the first to use power presses, then in 1840 a stereotype press as well. In 1843, the John F. Trow firm printed in 1843 "Memoir of Mrs. Louisa Adams Leavitt" by Rev. Asa Dodge Smith.
Leavitt & Trow became a prominent presence on the early New York publishing landscape, not least because of partner Trow's familiarity with the latest printing technologies, but also due to his heavy involvement in the business. "Our business has the personal attention of ourselves", Trow wrote to the public in 1845, "and we trust by unwearied application to receive from our patrons and the public in general a continuance of their patronage." In 1847 the two Andover natives began publishing directories. (In the following years the Trow directories to New York became an established city institution). The pair were soon joined in the business by George Ayres Leavitt, Jonathan's son, who had recently graduated from Phillips Academy in Andover, and who had served an early apprenticeship with publishers Robinson & Franklin.
About 1848 the two founding partners split their interests: Trow returned to running his own company (primarily his increasingly lucrative directory business, which he largely invented); and Leavitt went into business with his son until his death. The firm retained the name Leavitt & Trow up until Jonathan Leavitt's death. George A. Leavitt continued his father's business as a sole proprietorship for a year until he joined forces with childhood playmate John K. Allen, who had been brought up in the publishing business.

</doc>
<doc id="20561562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561562" title="Michael Davis (Irish politician)">
Michael Davis (Irish politician)

Michael Davis (1875 – 30 March 1944) was an Irish Cumann na nGaedheal politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Mayo North constituency at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election until he retired from politics at the 1937 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20561565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561565" title="Hal Scott Regional Preserve and Park">
Hal Scott Regional Preserve and Park

Hal Scott Regional Preserve and Park is a nature preserve located along the banks of the Econlockhatchee River in east Orange County, Florida, United States. The Preserve is bordered by the Econlockhatchee on the West and Wedgefield, Florida on the East. It is managed by the St. Johns River Water Management District and Orange County. Recreational amenities include camping, hiking, horseback riding, mountain biking, fishing, and wildlife viewing.
History.
Timucua mounds have been found in the northern part of the preserve, and some campsites on the property date back several thousand years. For early settlers, Curry Ford, on the Econlockhatchee River, was a connecting link from Central Florida to the east coast of Florida. In the early 1900s, many of the trails were blazed for railroad beds to transport timber and turpentine.
Flora and fauna.
The area consists of flatwoods and open prairie, with hammocks of cypress, maple, pine, oak, and sweetgum trees, interlaced with creeks and rivers. Wildlife include deer, turkey, bald eagles, sandhill cranes, gopher tortoises, bobcats, river otters, indigo snakes and downy woodpeckers. The preserve is home to a few breeding pairs of the threatened Red-cockaded Woodpecker.
Access and hours of operation.
Hal Scott Regional Preserve and Park is located at 5150 Dallas Boulevard, Orlando, FL 32833. It is open 7 days/week, from sunrise to sunset. Because the area is in the floodplain of the Econlockhatchee River, it can become impassable during the summer rainy season.

</doc>
<doc id="20561568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561568" title="Michael Curtis (soccer)">
Michael Curtis (soccer)

Michael Curtis (born in Dallas, Texas) is a retired American soccer defender who played in the World Indoor Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and USISL. He currently coaches with DFW Tornados.
Player.
Curtis attended Bryan Adams High School before entering the U.S. Naval Academy. He played two seasons at Annapolis before transferring to Dallas Baptist University for his junior and senior seasons. While at Annopolis, he tied for the Patriot League single game assists record with four in an October 20, 1995 game with West Point. He spent one season with the Mesquite Kickers in the USISL before signing with the Dallas Sidekicks in 1999. Collins and his team mates played two seasons in the World Indoor Soccer League before moving to the second Major Indoor Soccer League in 2002. He left MISL when the Sidekicks folded following the 2003-2004 season. In 2005, he played for the USASA team Dallas Roma when it went to the second round of the U.S. Open Cup
Coach.
In 2005, the DFW Tornados hired Curtis as an assistant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20561587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561587" title="Cañon Fiord">
Cañon Fiord

Cañon Fiord () is a natural inlet in the west of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. To the north, it opens into Greely Fiord.

</doc>
<doc id="20561614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561614" title="Greely Fiord">
Greely Fiord

Greely Fiord () is a natural inlet in the west of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. To the west it opens into Nansen Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20561615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561615" title="Diodorus of Aspendus">
Diodorus of Aspendus

Diodorus of Aspendus, was a Pythagorean philosopher, who lived in the 4th century BC, and was an acquaintance of Stratonicus the musician. Diodorus is said to have adopted a Cynic way of life, "letting his beard grow, and carrying a stick and a wallet."

</doc>
<doc id="20561620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561620" title="Blateshtichka Lake">
Blateshtichka Lake

Blateshtichka Lake (; , "Blateško jezero") is a small lake in the south of Kosovo. The lake is found on an altitude of above sea level in the high Šar Mountains. The lake is found near the peak of Crni Kamen rising up to .

</doc>
<doc id="20561649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561649" title="PurePlay">
PurePlay

PurePlay is a play-for-cash online poker website. The company that created the site was founded in 2004 by Silicon Valley entrepreneurs Jason Kellerman and Marc Marin. The site allows users to play in free poker tournaments and win cash, or play for larger cash prizes consisting of $100,000 and similar prizes each month by paying a monthly subscription fee of $25. It was named the 2008 "Innovation of the Year" by "eGaming Review Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="20561654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561654" title="Musée des Arts décoratifs, Strasbourg">
Musée des Arts décoratifs, Strasbourg

The Musée des Arts décoratifs (Museum of Decorative Art) of the city of Strasbourg, France, is found on the ground floor of the Palais Rohan, the former city palace of the Prince-Bishops from the Rohan family. One half of the museum is made up of the magnificent chambers in the late baroque, Rococo and Empire styles. The other half offers a broad overview of the art of Alsatian porcelain, gold- and silversmith masters between 1681 and 1870 (decorative arts from the region prior to the French conquest are displayed in the nearby Musée de l’Œuvre Notre-Dame.)
The Collection.
After severe damage to the palace by English and American bombing on 11 August 1944, the chambers of the Prince-Bishops were restored little by little to their original condition up until the 1990s and the interior furnishings were rebuilt. The chambers have the traditional furnishings of courtly display rooms (Gobelins tapestries, chinoiserie, wood carvings, murals, stucco decorations, trompe-l'œil, etc.), all displaying a high degree of craftsmanship as well as artistry.
The emphasis of the remainder of the collection is the sometimes remarkably exuberant porcelain creations of the Strasbourg factory of the brothers Paul and Johann Hannong, the founders and directors of the widely famous Frankenthal Porcelain Factory, as well as the vermeil work of the Strasbourg master families of Imlin and Kirstein.
The museum also displays elements of the first astronomical clock of Strasbourg cathedral, among which the cock said to be the world's oldest automaton.

</doc>
<doc id="20561676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561676" title="Maurice Arnold Strothotte">
Maurice Arnold Strothotte

Maurice Arnold Strothotte (1865–1937) was an African-American composer and performer.
History.
Maurice Arnold Strothotte was born in St Louis, Missouri in 1865. He later shortened his name to Maurice Arnold. Arnold's father was a physician and his mother a prominent pianist and his first teacher. At the age of fifteen he went to Cincinnati, Ohio studying at the College of Music for three years. In 1883 he traveled to Germany to study counterpoint and composition with Georg Vierling and Heinrich Urban in Berlin. Mr. Urban attempted to discourage him when Arnold began to incorporate African-American "plantation" dance elements into his music.
Following studies in Berlin Arnold went on a tour of Hungary, Bulgaria and Turkey. Some of his compositions show the influence of his travels through those countries. Upon returning to Germany he then entered the Cologne Conservatory of Music where his first piano sonata was written and performed. He next went to Breslau, where, under the instruction of Max Bruch, he wrote one of his first major works, his cantata "The Wild Chase." Returning to Saint Louis he busied himself as a solo violinist and teacher, traveling also as an opera conductor.
Maurice Arnold was one of many African-American students of Antonín Dvořák during the Bohemian composer's stay in the United States as director of the newly formed National Conservatory of Music of America in New York (1892–1895). Arnold participated in Dvořák's famous January 23, 1894 concert about which the New York Herald wrote "It was a remarkable event. Each soloist with one exception belong to the colored race. Bodies had been liberated but the gates of the artistic world were still locked. (Conservatory founder) Jeannette Thurber's efforts in this effort were ably seconded by Dr. Dvořák." And while the program included Arnold's four "American Plantation Dances" the main attraction of the evening was Dvořák's arrangement of Stephen Foster's "The Old Folks at Home" for chorus and orchestra. Arnold's four-movement suite, "Plantation Dances." Op. 32, was thereafter performed with some regularity and was published for full orchestra as well as in an arrangement for piano duet in the United States and in Germany.
Arnold also wrote a work entitled "Dramatic Overture" and two comic operas. His "Valse Elegante" for two pianos, eight hands is composed in a charming salon style typical of the time and easily performed with a quartet of amateur pianists. Arnold also wrote a fugue for two pianos, eight hands, a "Minstrel Serenade" for violin and piano, and six duets for violin and viola. Among his many vocal works the most remarkable is his setting of the poem, "I Think of Thee in Silent Night." Arnold also wrote works for ballet, a tarantella for string orchestra, and a symphony (unpublished). He was also the author of the textbook "Some Points in Modern Orchestration."
But it is as a student at the then newly formed National Conservatory of Music in New York City and his association with the conservatory's director Antonín Dvořák for which Maurice Arnold is most remembered. Dvořák was extremely encouraging to the young Arnold at a time when Dvořák's philosophy of American nationalism in music was ridiculed by many of the musical establishment in New England. Even Edward MacDowell, the dean of American composers of his day, wrote "In spite of Dvořák's efforts to dress up American music in Negro clothing, it is my opinion that foreign artistry should have no place in our music, if it is to be worth of our free country." Crusading against the "social sanctification of the arts" popular in certain circles of the day Dvořák stated in the New York Herald (May, 1893) "I am now convinced that the future music of this country must be built on the foundations of the song which are called Negro melodies. They must become the basis of a serious and original school of composition which should be established in the United States of America."
Dvořák's students were represented in full force at the Carnegie Hall premiere of his Symphony "From the New World" on December 16, 1893. Dvořák, his wife, and their two sons, sat in a box of honor with along with Maurice Arnold, as the student composer for whom Dvořák had the highest hopes. Also in attendance was the great African American composer, singer and writer Harry Burleigh. The English horn solo in the second movement Largo made a lasting impression on Maurice Arnold and his fellow composition students, Harvey Worthington Loomis, William Arms Fisher, and Will Marion Cook. Dvořák had described the slow movement as "a study or sketch for a longer work, either a cantata or an opera based on Longfellow's 'Hiawatha.'" William Arms Fisher adapted the English horn melody using his own text "Goin' Home" that eventually established itself as a popular Negro "spiritual." Arnold's version had the text "Mother Mine." from M. Peress "Dvořák to Duke Ellington".
African American composers such as Maurice Arnold, Will Marion Cook and Harry Burleigh applied Dvořák's command of using Creole folk music, spirituals, plantation work songs, and popular music as a basis for the formation of a new American nationalist musical sound. Clara Gottschalk (the pianist, composer Louis Moreau Gottschalk's daughter) wrote in the preface to her 1902 arrangements of "Creole songs," "if as Dr. Dvořák has claimed there is in time to be a native school of American music based on the primitive musical utterances of the red man and the black man these negro melodies are historical documents of some interest."
While Maurice Arnold did not become the main musical proponent of Dvořák's philosophy for a new American sound in music he did live long enough to see much of what Dvořák fought for come to pass; the birth of the blues, ragtime, jazz all leading to the first major African American composer William Grant Still. It was Still who finally did utilize the spiritual as a basis for one of the first important and original works for orchestra written by an African American, his "Afro-American Symphony" composed in 1930, seven years before Maurice Arnold's death in New York in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20561686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561686" title="Guadalupe Victoria, Puebla">
Guadalupe Victoria, Puebla

Guadalupe Victoria is a municipality in the Mexican state of Puebla. According to the National Statistics Institute (INEGI), it had a population of 15,041 inhabitants in the 2005 census. Its total area is 239.83 km². It is named after Guadalupe Victoria, the first president of Mexico.
Its geographical coordinates are 19° 17′ North, and 97° 20′ West. Its average altitude is 2,440 m above sea level.
Source: Statistics from INEGI
External links.
http://www.e-local.gob.mx/work/templates/enciclo/puebla/Mpios/21067a.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20561708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561708" title="Big Blue Meenie Recording Studio">
Big Blue Meenie Recording Studio

Big Blue Meenie is a production house in Jersey City, New Jersey famous for its clientele.
History.
The facility is located on 512 Paterson Plank Road, near Washington Park, and was built in the late 19th century. Prior to 1981, it was used by a Chandelier factory, until it stopped operation in the late 20th century.
Quantum Sound.
In 1981, the producer of Madonna's self-titled first album Reggie Lucas, purchased the building and opened a recording studio, Quantum Sound Studios. By 1986 it was reported to feature the first SSL mix room, a 48 input SSL 4000 console with Total Recall, in Northern New Jersey as well as an extensive collection of MIDI synthesizers and gear and a Synclavier digital audio system. Grammy Award-winning music studio engineer and producer Andy Wallace mixed tracks for Helmet and Rage Against the Machine, as well as and many others at Quantum in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Other musicians and producers used Lucas' "studio for hire" approach for recording, like INXS and Queen Latifah. By 1994 Lucas left the studio, and although he had spent a lot of time and effort fitting the original factory with the control rooms and recording spaces, by the time it was purchased by its successor in 1998, the old Quantum studios were in a state of extreme dilapidation.
Big Blue Meenie.
In 1991, Tim Gilles (nicknamed "Rumblefish") and his then wife, Julie, as well as Joe Mahoney and Tom Aldi started Big Blue Meenie Studios in the basement of his house, in Hackensack, New Jersey, primarily using an 8-track recorder. After several years of growing success and a positive reputation among musicians in the area, the group began closing down their original locations and made arrangements to buy the former Quantum Sound Studios in 1998; on February 2, 1999 the building was officially purchased. On June 18, 1999, the facility officially opened with the then first of its kind mixer, an Amek 9098i analog console built by console engineer Rupert Neve. The Amek at Big Blue Meenie is one of about twenty in the world. Under the producer Sal Villanueva and the rest of the engineers, several post-hardcore bands began their career recording at the studio;
Thursday recorded their debut album "Waiting" in 1999, and Taking Back Sunday recorded "Tell All Your Friends" in 2001, which on its 2005 reissue featured a bonus song called ""The Ballad of Sal Villanueva"". Thursday has continually gone back to Villanueva, including his recording of the breakout album "Full Collapse" in 2001.
Throughout its existence, 24 Gold and 10 Platinum records have been mixed or recorded at the 512 Paterson Plank facility; and some of the Gold and Platinum records are displayed in the reception area upon entering the studio.
Equipment and Features.
The 2 floor building has a total area between and and has 3 main performing studios, named Studios A, B, C and a fourth room D, as well as "The Batcave", a mixing room solely for beat-making and editing. Overall, Big Blue Meenie contains 4 control rooms, 2 live performance spaces, and features 4 ISO rooms and 3 editing/support DAW suites. On the second floor, Big Blue Meenie had its own mastering outfit, named "Surgical Sound", but the second floor is now used by studio D. The studio has used analog and two-inch tapes to record the initial take, and then upload them into a digital environment for further editing. In an interview regarding the reasoning behind this approach, Gilles stated:
He also states that he is most comfortable using the two-inch tape, as he is familiar with what this process does to the recordings. Processing the sound in this manner according to Gilles, gives the music the studio mixes and masters a unique thumbprint, and an authentic sound. But depending on the client request or specification, the team does use digital recordings, and are not limited to either process singularly. Big Blue Meenie has worked exclusively with Apple and uses their software Logic Pro for mixing after analog recording. Other high end equipment and devices used in the studio include an Amek Mozart RN, ADAM S3A monitors, Yamaha NSTO's, and SL1200 turntables, as well as an extensive mic locker with limited and vintage microphones, and "boutique" outboard equipment.
Since the facilities inception in the 1980s, all genres of music have been worked on; although under Quantum, more pop and R&B artists were mixed as opposed to many of the bands that record at Big Blue Meenie today, which are mainly more rock or metal oriented groups. With the equipment and editing software and hardware it has, the recording studio offers studio time for any genre of music, from Rock to Hip Hop and voiceovers. Over the years, the facility on Paterson Plank road has been renovated several times, and the business has grown from about $2000 of gear used by Gilles in his basement to record and mix his own band, to an estimated $2 million studio. It is considered one of the oldest and largest "Open for Hire" studios on the East Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="20561756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561756" title="Esfandiar Monfaredzadeh">
Esfandiar Monfaredzadeh

Esfandiar Monfaredzadeh (Persian : اسفندیار منفردزاده) is an Iranian composer and Director. He was born in 1941 in Tehran His major works are Gheisar, Dash Akol, Tangna, Gavaznha. He has 2 daughters Bibinaz Monfaredzadeh and Sanam Monfaredzadeh Woods (by marriage).

</doc>
<doc id="20561767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561767" title="Fabian Johnson">
Fabian Johnson

Fabian Johnson (born 11 December 1987) is an American footballer who plays as a left back for Bundesliga club TSG 1899 Hoffenheim and United States national team.
Career.
Johnson was born in Munich, Germany. His father is an American serviceman and his mother German. He began his career in 2001 with Sportfreunde München. In the summer of 2006, Johnson moved to TSV 1860 München. Johnson was promoted to the first team of 1860 Munich in July 2006. He amassed 90 appearances scoring four goals before transferring to VfL Wolfsburg on 14 July 2009. He scored his first goal for Wolfsburg in a 2–2 draw at home to SC Freiburg.
On 26 September 2012, Johnson scored in Hoffenheim's 3–0 victory over Stuttgart, their first win of the new campaign.
On 24 February 2014, it was confirmed that Johnson would join Borussia Mönchengladbach on a free transfer following the conclusion of the 2013–14 season.
International.
On 25 August 2011, Johnson was called up to the United States national team by head coach Jürgen Klinsmann for friendly matches with Costa Rica (2 September) and Belgium (6 September), but was not able to play as his required paperwork for a one-time FIFA nationality switch of Germany to United States was still in the works. Johnson's one-time switch was approved by FIFA, and he will only be able to represent the United States at the international level. 
On 11 November 2011, Johnson made his international debut for the U.S. as a substitute in a 1–0 loss to France. On 15 November 2011, Johnson made his first full international start against Slovenia and drew a penalty in a 3–2 win. He played in the FIFA World Cup qualifier on 12 June 2012 against Guatemala. Johnson earned his first mark for the USMNT notching the assist in the United States' only goal in their 4–1 loss to Brazil on 25 June 2012.
Johnson is a versatile player who has been dispatched at many positions and roles under USMNT coach Jürgen Klinsmann. More recently Johnson has cemented himself as a left winger, but can also be deployed as a right or left back due to his apt weak-foot abilities. His dribbling skills and vision make him a threat on the outside.

</doc>
<doc id="20561776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561776" title="On the Morning of Christ's Nativity">
On the Morning of Christ's Nativity

"On the Morning of Christ's Nativity" is a nativity ode written by John Milton in 1629 and published in his "Poems of Mr. John Milton" (1645). The poem describes Christ's Incarnation and his overthrow of earthly and pagan powers. The poem also connects the Incarnation with Christ's Crucifixion.
Background.
Milton composed "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity" in December 1629, after celebrating reaching the age of maturity in England, in commemoration of Christ's birth. It was written while Charles Diodati, Milton's friend, was composing his own poem, and the poem reflects his sober, contemplative lifestyle in comparison to Diodati's extravagant way of living. The ode was composed during a time in Milton's life that he based his understanding of religion on Scripture, but he was still influenced by myth. 
Although the ode was the first poem of Milton's 1645 collection, it was not the first poem that he wrote; many of the Latin and Greek poems included in the 1645 collection were composed during an earlier time. According to Thomas Corns, "Quite probably, its location indicates the poet's assessment of its quality"; this consideration is significant because Humphrey Moseley, an important bookseller, was the publisher of the volume and the ode serves as an introduction to Milton's poetry.
Poem.
By Stanza VII, nature stands back, and Christ's birth causes the sun to refuse to take its place:
The poem transitions into "The Hymn" for a new set of stanzas. Christ's role, even as a baby, is apparent and made clear within Stanzas XV and XVI:
Themes.
The ode with "The Passion" and "Upon the Circumcision" form a set of poems that celebrates important Christian events: Christ's birth, the feast of the Circumcision, and Good Friday. The topic of these poems places them within a genre of Christian literature popular during the 17th century and places Milton alongside of poets like John Donne, Richard Crashaw, and George Herbert. However, Milton's poetry reflects the origins of his anti-William Laud and anti-Church of England based religious beliefs. 
The poem deals with both the Nativity and the Incarnation of Christ and Milton believed that the two were connected. The Nativity and the Crucifixion represent Christ's purpose as Christ in Milton's poetry, and contemporary poem, because Christ becomes human-like in the Nativity to redeem fallen man and humanity is redeemed when Christ sacrifices himself during the Crucifixion. Milton's reliance on the connection is traditional, and Milton further connects the Nativity with the creation of the world, a theme that is expanded upon later in Book VII of "Paradise Lost". Like the other two poems of the set and like other poems at the time, the ode describes a narrator within the poem and experiencing the Nativity.
Critical response.
The ode has, according to Thomas Corns, "generally been recognized as Milton's first manifestation of poetic genius and, qualitatively, a poem to be set alongside 'Lycidas' and "A Masque presented at Ludlow Castle, 1634" as his most significant poetic works before "Paradise Lost". He further claims that the ode "rises in many ways above the rather commonplace achievements of Milton's other devotional poems and stands out from the mass of other early Stuart poems about Christmas."

</doc>
<doc id="20561808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561808" title="Joan Snyder">
Joan Snyder

Joan Snyder (born April 16, 1940) is an American painter from New York. She is a MacArthur Fellow and a Guggenheim Fellow. Her paintings have been exhibited at several museums, including the de Saisset Museum and the Jewish Museum.
Painting styles.
Joan Snyder's "stroke paintings" from the late 1960s and early 1970s were "abstract compositions, many of them quite large, that are loosely based on a grid format and that together constitute a dissection of the language of painting." The 1980s and 1990s saw a refinement of her earlier vocabulary as "[...] brighter feminine colors and the grid returned. Written phrases, natural materials, and fabrics such as burlap and silks also appeared." 
Her paintings have been described by the "Boston Globe" as "abstract", "intuitive and spontaneous", and "pointedly political". She also paints with a colorful style, using floral effects which are branded with paint sprinkled with a range of materials, such as jewel-like metal objects.
Exhibitions in museums.
In 1978, Joan Snyder's paintings were exhibited in the Neuberger Museum at the State University of New York at Purchase. Snyder's work has been featured at a number of museums. From June to August 1989, "Joan Snyder Collects Joan Snyder", a collection of favorite paintings Snyder, was featured at the de Saisset Museum at Santa Clara University. From September to October 1989, this collection was exhibited at Sonoma State University. In 2005, "Joan Snyder: A Painting Survey", a retrospective collection of Snyder's paintings was exhibited at the Danforth Museum of Art in Framingham, Massachusetts.
Also in 2005, "Joan Snyder: A Painting Survey, 1969–2005", a collection of 30 paintings about the Holocaust and AIDS by Snyder, was displayed at the Jewish Museum in New York City.
Honors and fellowships.
Joan Snyder received a MacArthur Fellowship, which is often referred to as the Genius Award, in 2007. She has received several other honors for her paintings including the National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in 1974 and the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1983.
Personal life.
Joan Snyder was born in 1940 in Highland Park, New Jersey. In 1962, she received her BA from Douglass Residential College, which is part of Rutgers University. In 1966, she received her MFA from Douglass.
In 1969, she married Larry Fink. Snyder had a miscarriage but later gave birth to a daughter named Molly in 1979. Snyder and Fink lived in a farm in Pennsylvania before getting divorced later.
In 1980, Snyder moved to Mulberry Street in Manhattan where she raised her daughter and painted in a nearby studio. She later became afflicted with Lyme Disease. In 1989, she moved to Park Slope, Brooklyn so that she could be with her new partner, Maggie Cammer, who is a New York City Civil Court judge.

</doc>
<doc id="20561813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561813" title="California Art Preservation Act">
California Art Preservation Act

The California Art Preservation Act is a 1979 California law that provides legal protection for artists' moral rights. The law is currently codified at California Civil Code §987. The law has since been amended in part. The California Art Preservation Act was the first major law to specifically address artists' rights in the United States.
Portions of the law may overlap with the provisions of the Visual Artists Rights Act, in which case the California law is preempted.
Content.
The Art Preservation Act provides for civil penalties and injunctive relief for the intentional or grossly negligent destruction or mutilation of a work of fine art, defined in the statute as any original painting, sculpture, or drawing that is "of recognized quality." Fine art, as used in the law, does not include works prepared for commercial use by the purchaser.
The Act also provides artists the right to claim authorship and disavow modifications to works of fine art.
The rights granted under the act subsist for the life of the author plus 50 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20561821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561821" title="Operation Clarion">
Operation Clarion

Operation Clarion was an Allied campaign of Strategic bombing during World War II which attacked 200 Nazi Germany communication network targets to open Operation Veritable/Grenade.

</doc>
<doc id="20561842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561842" title="Elections in Pasadena, Texas">
Elections in Pasadena, Texas

Elections in Pasadena, Texas are held its city general elections on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November (better known as Election Day) in even-numbered years. As a result of this, general elections in Pasadena, Texas systematically coincide with the biennial elections for the United States House of Representatives.
During general elections in Pasadena, Texas, elections are held for the positions of council members. Officials elected to this office are elected for a term of two years by each district. The mayor is elected at large for a four-year term.
For more information about the structure of Pasadena, Texas's city government, see Government of Pasadena, Texas.
History.
The next election is scheduled for May 14, 2011.
Election of 2005.
In April 2005, John Manlove was re-elected to his second term as Mayor of Pasadena. He faced District A Councilmember Jerri Neely who received about 45% of the vote to Manlove's 55%.
Election of 2007.
On October 1, 2007 Mayor John Manlove resigned the office of Mayor of Pasadena to seek the Republican nomination for Texas' 22nd Congressional Seat, formerly held by Tom DeLay. Due to Manlove's sudden resignation, Mayor Pro Tem Jack Douglass was sworn in as Mayor of Pasadena on October 2, 2007, at the City Council Meeting. 
Manlove's resignation drew interest by seven candidates who sought to finish his term. Among them were former Mayor Johnny Isbell, District A Councilmember Ralph Riggs, Former mayoral candidate and former District A councilmember Jerri Neely, District C Councilmember Don Harrison, Former Councilmember OL Harris, and newcomers A.J. Christ and David Stroder. The special election was called for December 8, 2007. 
On December 8, 2007, Johnny Isbell received 43.98% of the vote and Ralph Riggs received 22.28% of the vote. Jerri Neely finished third at 15.86% of the vote. Since Isbell did not reach the 50% threshold needed, a runoff between Isbell and Riggs occurred on January 19, 2008. Isbell outspent Riggs by about a 6 - 1 margin (upwards a couple hundred thousand), in what included a television commercial advertisement, the first in Pasadena History. On January 19, Isbell won by 377 votes. Isbell received 52% of the vote to Riggs' 48% of the vote.
Election 2009.
The next election is scheduled for May 9, 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="20561845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561845" title="WEC 20">
WEC 20

WEC 20: Cinco de Mayhem was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting that took place on May 5, 2006 at Tachi Palace Hotel & Casino in Lemoore, California. "WEC 20"'s main event was a heavyweight bout between Brian Olsen and Mike Kyle.
See also.
List of WEC Events

</doc>
<doc id="20561874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561874" title="Christine Fernandes">
Christine Fernandes

Christine Fernandes Alves (born March 1, 1968 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American Brazilian actress.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, to Brazilian parents, Christine moved to Brazil at 4 years old. At 13 she started playing volleyball and became federated. Soon after she began modeling. At 17 she moved back to the United States to attend High School in California. When she turned 18, she moved to Japan and lived in Tokyo for 2 years working as a photographic model.
She returned to Brazil in 1995 and was invited to act on a telenovela (Brazilian soap opera) beginning her acting career. She is married to the fellow Brazilian actor Floriano Peixoto.
Biography.
The daughter of Brazilian parents was born and lived until 3 years of age in the United States. His family returned to Brazil, to the city of Rio de Janeiro. 
From thirteen to seventeen years was volleyball player, soon after became an international model for seven years. She studied in Califórnia many years of high school to university, when she returned there and lived alone. There she also paraded. Christine also lived in Japan for two years.
After a test for the Actors Workshop of Rede Globo, was cast in his first TV appearance, an interest in the novel "Quatro por Quatro" (1994), of Carlos Lombardi. The following year, Manoel Carlos bet the young actress and gave her a prominent role in "História de Amor". Among other works, Christine attended "Perdidos de Amor", a novel independent Rede Bandeirantes, but soon returned and appeared in the Rede Globo productions as "Chiquinha Gonzaga" (1999) and "Esplendor" (2000), in which she met the actor Marcelo Serrado, with whom she was married from 1994 to 1999.
She made her first appearance on film in Slapstick and "O Trapalhão e a Luz Azul" (1999), Paulo Aragão Neto and Alexandre Boury.
with the novel "Essas Mulheres", she had her recognition, being the protagonist of the story. Then novel Christine participated "Páginas da Vida".
In 2007 Christine was in the cast of the play "Hedda Glaber". Christine joined the cast of the soap opera "A Favorita" in 2008. The actress in 2009, joined the cast of soap opera "Viver a Vida" of Rede Globo.
In 2010 Christine joined the cast of the seventh season of "Dança dos Famosos", under the Domingão do Faustão. In 2011 she presented the program "Saia Justa", in the GNT, along with Dan Stulbach, Eduardo Moscovis, Mônica Waldvogel, Teté Ribeiro, Xico Sá and Léo Jaime, but left the program because of personal problems and was replaced by actress Camila Morgado.
In 2012 she was in the episode "A Fofoqueira de Porto Alegre" in series "As Brasileiras" and made participation in the novels "Avenida Brasil" of João Emanuel Carneiro, in which he played Mônica and "Cheias de Charme", in which he played the American journalist Scarlet. In the same year returns to cinemas with the film "De Pernas pro Ar 2".
She is married to actor Floriano Peixoto, who has a son, Pedro, born in July 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20561877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561877" title="Sidney Oldall Addy">
Sidney Oldall Addy

Sidney Oldall Addy (9 January 1848 – 15 November 1933) was an English author of books on folklore and history. He was born in Norton, Derbyshire, to James Addy, a coal merchant and landowner. and his wife Sarah. He studied classics at Lincoln College, Oxford, before becoming a solicitor. In 1899 he married Mary Golden Parkin.
As well as publishing many books on history and folklore he was known for contributing papers to antiquarian journals and for his letters to Notes and Queries. He also wrote articles for the Dictionary of National Biography.

</doc>
<doc id="20561897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561897" title="KMW F2">
KMW F2

The KMW F2 is a family of modular wheeled armoured vehicles, manufactured by KMW. The F2 is designed as a supplement to the Fennek and is intended to provide a maximum of mobility, protection and growth potential. The vehicle will be available in 4x4 patrol and 6x6 cargo variants, all being based on the same modular concept.

</doc>
<doc id="20561900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561900" title="Artists Authorship Rights Act (New York)">
Artists Authorship Rights Act (New York)

The Artists Authorship Rights Act is a 1984 New York law that provides legal protection for artists' moral rights.
The law was in part a reaction to California's passage of the California Art Preservation Act, however the New York Act provided for artists the right to disavow works that were altered against their wishes.
The Act was preempted by the similar federal Visual Artists Rights Act of 1990 (VARA), as held in Board of Managers of Soho Int'l Arts Condominium v. City of New York (S.D.N.Y. 2003). 

</doc>
<doc id="20561901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561901" title="Lord Chaos">
Lord Chaos

Lord Chaos, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20561917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561917" title="Colin Reid">
Colin Reid

Colin Reid is an acoustic guitarist from Belfast, Northern Ireland. He launched his solo career in 1997 after supporting performances with other leading musicians such as Brian Kennedy and Waterson Carthy. He was a guitar teacher for many years and formalised his skills at the Musicians Institute of Technology. He has run guitar courses in the Crescent Arts Centre in the past.
He has released three albums. His eponymous debut album was released by Shetland's Veesik Records in 1999. In 2000 he received a 'New Voices' commission from the Celtic Connections festival. He has since released "Tilt" (2001), and "Swim" (2006). He played the club tent at the Cambridge Folk Festival in 2001. He played in Eddi Reader's band in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20561918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561918" title="Jeremy Rowley">
Jeremy Rowley

Jeremy Rowley is an American character actor and comedian. He has appeared in a number of television shows and movies, often portraying somewhat "ballistic" characters, especially on television shows. For example, on the Nickelodeon television series "iCarly", he plays Lewbert who is the mean and nasty doorman of Carly's apartment building. On Carly and Sam's webshow, they have a segment called "Messin' With Lewbert" where the two girls play pranks on Lewbert downstairs in the lobby of the building. On the show, Lewbert is recognized for having excessive anger outbursts, (i.e. when people walk all over the floor he just mopped).
Rowley has also appeared on "The Amanda Show", most notably the sketch called "Blockblister" (a parody of the video retail chain Blockbuster), where he plays a customer who is angry because he did not get the movie he wanted (he paid for the video by tearing off his arm and giving it to them, replying "Keep the change!"). Again, he expresses his anger with loud outbursts in the scene.
Rowley is a member of the improvisational and sketch comedy group called "The Groundlings" based in Los Angeles, California.
Filmography.
Internet.
Urban Meyer Press Conference Parody

</doc>
<doc id="20561949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561949" title="Waheed Oseni">
Waheed Oseni

Waheed Oseni (born on 17 January 1988) is a Nigerian football defender/defensive midfielder, who currently plays for Saudi club Al-Taawon. He is considered to be a player with great future if he continues working hard to improve his game.
Career.
He started his career in Nigeria, at Sunshine Stars F.C. and in 2006 moved to Beitar Jerusalem F.C.. In January 2008 he transferred to Apollon Limassol, where he signed a contract for an initial of 6 months with an option to extend it for 3 years. Apollon exercised the option and extended his contract until 30 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20561951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561951" title="Lee Pelekoudas">
Lee Pelekoudas

Lee Pelekoudas is a former executive with the Seattle Mariners Major League Baseball club, most notable for serving as the club's interim general manager from June 16–October 21, . He is of Greek descent and is the son of former MLB umpire Chris Pelekoudas.
Pelekoudas was selected by the Montreal Expos in the 48th round of the 1969 amateur draft, but attended Arizona State University instead. He has held various front office positions with the Mariners since 1979.
Pelekoudas was the Mariners' associate GM under Bill Bavasi when the latter was dismissed on June 16, , and Pelekoudas was named interim GM by team CEO Howard Lincoln and president Chuck Armstrong. During his tenure as interim GM, several of the field personnel who had become scapegoats for the team's poor performance during the 2008 season were dismissed, including hitting coach Jeff Pentland, field manager John McLaren, first baseman Richie Sexson, and designated hitter José Vidro.
He returned to his former position when Jack Zduriencik was hired as the Mariners' general manager on October 21, and resigned from the Mariners on September 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20561957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561957" title="2008 Buenos Aires 200km">
2008 Buenos Aires 200km

The 2008 200 km of Buenos Aires is the second edition of this race on the TC2000 season.
The race was held in the Autódromo Juan y Óscar Gálvez in Buenos Aires.
Report.
With more than 70.000 spectators attending the event, Argentina's José María López and Scotland's Anthony Reid won the 5th edition of the Buenos Aires 200 km, after a great initial stint by the local driver and a similarly impressive second one by the Scot. They used their huge talent, exploited other drivers' errors and also the performance of the New Civic of the Honda Petrobras team. The team's happiness was even greater because another of its cars placed second, in the hands of Juan Manuel Silva/Leonel Ugalde. Alain Menu/Christian Ledesma (Chevrolet Elaion) completed the podium.
Buenos Aires, August 10, 2008.- With more than 70.000 spectators attending the event, Argentina's José María López and Scotland's Anthony Reid won the 5th edition of the Buenos Aires 200 km, after a great initial stint by the local driver and a similarly impressive second one by the Scot. They used their huge talent, exploited other drivers' errors and also the performance of the New Civic of the Honda Petrobras team. The team's happiness was even greater because another of its cars placed second, in the hands of Juan Manuel Silva/Leonel Ugalde. Alain Menú/Christian Ledesma (Chevrolet Elaion) completed the podium.
This is a dream come true. It is the happiest day of my life. Tears came to my eyes because of all the work we did to achieve this result. It is Honda's victory. It is the team's victory. I suffered very much when I was not at the wheel of the car, it is very different. There were times in which I wanted him to go faster, to take it easier, but I did not want to influence what Anthony was doing at the wheel of the car. We formed a great driver pairing, sincerely", said López, full of emotion.
Pechito has become a specialist in the so-called special events this season, as he recently won on the Santa Fe street circuit and now he has won the Buenos Aires 200 km, the two most outstanding events so far this year. Not forgetting to mention the great performance of the Honda Petrobras team during the entire weekend, having been ahead of its rivals right from the onset.
This was also Anthony Reid's first victory in the division, and he has competed in all five editions which so far have taken place. He was second in last year's event, co-driving with Brazil's Carlos Bueno. "I've spent five years trying to win this race. Last year we were second. We've raced with Víctor (Rosso) in Japan, I know him very well and to be here is terrific. I also want to thank López for the great job he did today ... he should be in Formula 1." said the Scot.
López and Reid claimed victory thanks in part to the great job of the driver from Córdoba in what refers to the initial stint. After the driver change, when the Silva/Ugalde car grabbed the lead ahead of López/Reid, the Briton cautiously tried to find a way past Ugalde.
The latter found a good rhythm, but on lap 52 he overdid things while descending the Tobogan esses and lost the lead to Reid, who from then on controlled the race and headed towards victory, followed by Ugalde who kept Felipe Maluhy's Renault Mégane at bay. Maluhy was co-driving with standings leader Guillermo Ortelli.
It was Maluhy, who had finished 5th in the 2006 edition and 4th in 2007, who appeared to heading for the final podium placing until being nerfed by his countryman Cacá Bueno in the Ombú Curve and being demoted to fifth, as he was overtaken by Bueno and also by Alain Menú, who was co-driving a Chevrolet Astra with Christian Ledesma.
Once the race had ended, the Stewards handed out a 30-second penalty to Bueno and this relegated him to 10th, so the third step of the podium finally corresponded to Ledesma/Menú, while Ortelli/Maluhy ended up fourth, ahead of Matías Rossi/Thiago Camilo.
In this way, Switzerland's Alain Menú once again claimed a podium placing in the event, as he had done in his three previous outings in the Buenos Aires 200 km. He and Ledesma were the best-placed Chevrolet drivers. Team-mates Bugliotti/Huff were sixth and Risatti/Orsi seventh.
It was not a good day for the works Ford YPF outfit, as Martín Basso retired early on in the race while in fourth, which meant that Omar Martinez did not get to race the Focus, The Gabriel Ponce de León/Walter Hernández pairing ended up 12th after engine trouble delayed them.

</doc>
