<doc id="20544454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544454" title="Trams in Frankfurt am Main">
Trams in Frankfurt am Main

The Frankfurt am Main tramway network is a network of tramways forming a major part of the public transport system in Frankfurt am Main, a city in the federal state of Hesse, Germany.
, there were 10 tram lines, along with two special lines and one heritage tourist tramline. The network was also heavily integrated into the Frankfurt U-Bahn, with the systems sharing both street running and reserved track. In 2012, the network had 136 stations, and a total route length of . In the same year, the network carried 49.9 million passengers, about 30% of total public transport ridership in Frankfurt.
History.
The network is the oldest light rail system in the city, the first horse tram lines having started operations in 1872. It includes one of the first electric tramways in the world, with the first electrified tram line starting in 1884.
For many decades in the mid-20th century, it was the firm policy that Frankfurt's trams would eventually be phased out and replaced by buses and extensions of the U-Bahn. But since the beginning of the 1990s, the direction of Frankfurt's urban traffic policy has changed and its tramways have been renovated and expanded, with a new route, Line 18, opening in 2011. Although the various lines were founded by a number of private and public operators, all trams are now operated by Verkehrsgesellschaft Frankfurt (VGF, English: "Frankfurt Transport Company"), and the system is part of the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund (RMV, English: "Rhine-Main transport network"). 
Current network.
Low-floor trams are being used since April 2007 on all regular lines. The Flexity Classic from Bombardier is the latest addition to the fleet.
The special lines "Ebbelwei express" and "Lieschen" are occupied exclusively with older high-floor "K-Wagen".
The Stadtbahn line "U5" corresponds to a large extent to that of a conventional tram, however it is officially designated as an underground line. The conversion into a low-floor tramline is at present in planning.
Ebbelwei-Expreß.
This special line was started in 1977 on the occasion of the forthcoming decommission of the last four axle trams and should have actually operated only for a short time. Owing to its enormous success, it still remains in service to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20544465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544465" title="Lucian Sîrbu">
Lucian Sîrbu

Lucian Sîrbu (born Bucharest, 16 October 1976) is a Romanian rugby union footballer. He plays as a scrum-half.
Sîrbu played at Steaua Bucureşti, in Romania, until moving to Racing Métro 92, in France. He moved to AS Béziers, in 2007.
He had his first cap for Romania, at 20 February 2000, in a 39-10 win over Netherlands. He was selected for the 2003 Rugby World Cup finals, playing all the four matches and scoring a try, and for the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, playing again in all the four matches.
Sîrbu has currently 66 caps, with 9 tries scored, 45 points in aggregate, for Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20544477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544477" title="Bill Fielding">
Bill Fielding

William "Bill" Fielding (17 June 1915 – May 2006) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Cardiff City, Bolton Wanderers and Manchester United in the 1930s and 1940s.
Career.
Born in Broadhurst, Congleton, Cheshire, Fielding began his football career playing for the Broadbottom YMCA's team, before joining Hurst. In May 1936, at the age of 20, Fielding joined Cardiff City, where he played until the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939, making a total of 50 appearances in that time. During the war, Fielding made guest appearances for Stockport County and Bolton Wanderers. He officially became a Bolton Wanderers player in June 1944, but never made a league appearance for them.
In January 1947, Fielding signed for Manchester United as cover for the injured Jack Crompton in a deal which saw Billy Wrigglesworth move to Bolton. He made his debut on 25 January 1947, playing in the club's FA Cup Fourth Round defeat to Nottingham Forest. He played in seven consecutive games for United, culminating with a 4–3 away defeat to Derby County on 15 March. However, he never played for the club again after that, and retired from football in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20544486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544486" title="Kafni Glacier">
Kafni Glacier

The Kafni Glacier is located in the upper reaches of the Kumaon Himalayas, to the southeast of Nanda Devi. The glacier gives rise to the Kafni River, which is a tributary of the Pindar River. The Pinder River is a tributary to Alaknanda River, which eventually is one of the two headstreams of the Ganges. This is relatively small glacier but a popular trekking destination along with Pindari Glacier.
List of peaks nearby.
A list of notable peaks adjacent to or near the Kafni Glacier includes:
List of glaciers nearby.
A list of notable peaks adjacent to or near the Kafni Glacier includes:
Trek Route.
The glacier is located in Bageshwar district. From Bageshwar town it can be approached via route of Bharadi, Saung, Loharkhet, Dhakuri Pass, Khati, Dwali, and Khatiya. The route until Loharkhet is motorable, after which it is approximately a round trip. Khati is the last village on the route. Though Pindari is more popular tourist destination, some people find route to this glacier more beautiful. Unlike Pindari, tourists can trek up to the glacier. In case of Pindari, the trek beyond zero point becomes very tough and cannot be done without proper equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="20544505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544505" title="Leszek Czarnecki">
Leszek Czarnecki

Leszek Czarnecki (born 9 May 1962 in Wrocław) businessman based in Wrocław, an engineer and doctor of economics.
Background.
Graduated from Wrocław University of Technology, Faculty of Sanitary Engineering; gained a doctorate in economics at Wrocław University of Economics, graduated from the AMP programme at Harvard Business School.
Main shareholder in five companies listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange – Getin Holding, Getin Noble Bank, LC Corp, MW Trade, and Open Finance.
In 1986, his passion for cave diving led him to set up a commercial diving company —Przedsiębiorstwo Hydrotechniki i Inżynierii TAN. He was the creator and main shareholder of Europejski Fundusz Leasingowy (European Leasing Fund) which he set up in 1991. This was the first and, eventually, the largest lease company in Poland. In 2001, he sold it to the French bank Credit Agricole for PLN 900 million, and became the CEO of Credit Agricole Poland. At that time, he was also managing other group’s companies, such as EFL, Lukas Bank, TU Europa, TU na Życie Europa, and Getin Service Provider S.A.
In 1993–1995, he was the deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, and later the CEO of Polbank S.A. (GMAC Bank). In 1996-1997, Leszek Czarnecki was the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of an insurance company based in Wrocław TU Europa na Życie S.A, and in 1997 he became the CEO of TU Europa S.A. and TU Europa na Życie S.A. for the next two years.
In 2002-2003, he was the CEO and managing director responsible for leasing and insurance at Credit Agricole Poland. Until the end of November 2004, he was the CEO of Getin Holding, and until May 2006 CEO of Getin Bank. 
Since June 2007, he has been the Chairman of Getin Holding’s Supervisory Board and a member of the Supervisory Boards of other companies belonging to the Getin Holding Group. From September 2006 to March 2007, and since April 2008, he has been the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of LC Corp. Since the merger of Getin Bank with Noble Bank (January 2010), he has been the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Getin Noble Bank. In 2006-2006, for EUR 17.5 million, he purchased Poltegor Centre in 2005-2006, built in the mid-1970s in the city centre of Wrocław, and at that time the city’s tallest building. In place of the demolished building, Czarnecki, along with the investor LC Corp, built Sky Tower.
The main shareholder and/or cofounder of the following companies.
Banks
Insurance
TU Europa (sold to Talanx in 2011)
Leasing
Financial brokerage
Real estate
Other companies
Honours.
In 1998, Leszek Czarneci was granted the Wall Street Journal award for the Best CEO in Central Europe, as one of the 10 renowned businessmen in the region. In the same year, he also won the global finals of the Young Business Achiever, a contest that is held in Beijing.
In April 2004, celebrating the 25th anniversary of its presence in the European market, the Financial Times recognised Leszek Czarnecki as one of the 25 emerging stars of European business to set up the directions for the development of financial markets. Leszek Czarnecki was the only Pole included in the FT list.
In October 2004, Leszek Czarnecki joined the honorary members of the Polish Association of Lease Companies, and in November he was included in the group of four individuals recognised as Entrepreneur of the Year from Eastern Europe by INSEAD, one of the best business universities in Europe, and the French Minister of Finance. In September 2005, he received the prestigious Lesław Paga award honouring his achievements and personal contribution to the development of the financial services market in Poland. 
Leszek Czarnecki was elected as the Player of the Year by the Polish Edition of Forbes magazine three years in a row – in 2005, 2006, and 2007.
In November 2009, Leszek Czarnecki was recognised in the "Entrepreneur of the Year" contest organised by Ernst & Young and received an honorary award for employing new staff in times of deep economic crisis. The same month, Puls Biznesu nominated him for the title of the Entrepreneur of the Twenty-Year Independence Period. 
In March 2010, Gazeta Finansowa awarded him the title of the Financier of the Year 2009. May 2010 saw Leszek Czarnecki receive from PKPP Lewiatan the Andrzej Wierzbicki Award for his success in business and active contribution to the business environment.
Leszek Czarnecki was awarded the honourable medal by the Polish Insurance Association for the longstanding cooperation and support of the Association.
In 2010, he ranked number 721 on the list of the World’s Billionaires, with his worth assessed at USD 1.4 billion. In 2008, Forbes magazine ranked him in the 446th position on the list of the World’s Billionaires with assets valued at USD 2.6 billion, the first among those Poles listed. Before, in 2006, Forbes placed him 793th on the list with property assessed at USD 1 billion.
In 2010, he won the Entrepreneur of the Year title in the opinion poll organised by the Polish Employers Organisation and Puls Biznesu.
In 2011, he was recognised as the Business Leader of the Year by the Warsaw Business Journal.
In 2013, he was awarded the special award of the Warsaw Stock Exchange for his passionate and determined creation of new economic projects and visionary leadership in business in the public market.
Social responsibility - St Antony's College Oxford Noble Foundation.
The St. Antony's College Oxford Noble Foundation was established in October 2012 inaugurating the Contemporary Polish Studies Programme at Oxford University in the United Kingdom. The Programme is the first of its kind implemented abroad – an interdisciplinary study programme devoted to Poland and its post-1989 transformation. The programme operates within St. Antony’s College. The Oxford Programme’s founders and affiliates are Prof. Timothy Garton Ash and Prof. Norman Davies, as well as Prof. Margaret MacMillan, Warden of St. Antony’s College. On the Polish side the founder is Dr Leszek Czarnecki who with Getin Noble Bank donated PLN 6 million to the programme. Honorary Programme Patrons are the former Prime Minister of Poland Tadeusz Mazowiecki and Prof. Zbigniew Pełczyński.
Other social responsibility initiatives.
In 2009, he instituted the first meeting of ‘Entrepreneurship – Initiative of Leszek Czarnecki’ – a series of debates held by leading schools of economics where Mr Czarnecki shared his knowledge and experience with students. In the same year, Leszek Czarnecki launched a contest named 'Studying, working, managing' aimed at supporting young entrepreneurs by financing laureates' business ideas. The third edition finished in 2012. 
Leszek Czarnecki is proud to have established the charity foundation of Jolanta and Leszek Czarneccy, previously called LC Heart, which commenced its activities in Wrocław in 2007. So far, he has personally transferred PLN 55 million to the foundation. It is focused on levelling opportunities for children and youth.
Wealthiest Poles Ranking published by Wprost.
Leszek Czarnecki has been for years ranked in the Wealthiest Poles Ranking published by Wprost:
Family.
Two children from a previous marriage. Since 2008, married to Jolanta Pieńkowska. He holds a pilot’s licence. 
Diving.
Getting his licence at the age of 22, in the early 1980s, Leszek Czarnecki was one of the youngest diving instructors in Poland. In 1986, his passion for cave diving led him to set up his first commercial diving company —Przedsiębiorstwo Techniki Alpinistyczno-Nurkowej TAN S.A. In 1986–1990, he worked as a professional diver (with heavy diving equipment for underwater works). Diving is still his passion. He holds two – Polish and world – records. In September 2003, he beat the Polish record diving to 194 m in Boesmansgat cave in South Africa. The decompression lasted 4 hours and 48 minutes, at a water temperature of 16°C. He was assisted by Nuno Gomes who holds two deep sea diving records – in the open sea he dived to 318.25 metres, and in caves – to 283 metres. In Mexico, Leszek Czarnecki beat the world record in the longest distance covered in the caverns – 17 km in the system of water-filled caves Dos Ojos on the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico. In 2006, he took part in a North Pole expedition, and in a Bikini Atoll expedition to explore the wrecks. In 2007, he went on a trip across Siberian wilderness with diving in Lake Baikal, in 2008 – he went to Antarctica, and in 2010 – explored wrecks in the Truck Lagoon in Micronesia (where he dived several times), and in Galapagos. 

</doc>
<doc id="20544522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544522" title="Sirobasidiaceae">
Sirobasidiaceae

The Sirobasidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Tremellales. Taxa are widespread, primarily tropical, and typically grow on wood and bark.

</doc>
<doc id="20544527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544527" title="Rhynchogastremataceae">
Rhynchogastremataceae

The Rhynchogastremataceae are a little-known family of fungi in the order Tremellales.
Only a single species is known, "Rhynchogastrema coronatum", isolated from soil, and probably a facultative parasite of other fungi.

</doc>
<doc id="20544528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544528" title="Jay Parker">
Jay Parker

Jay Parker (July 8, 1874 – June 8, 1935) was a starting pitcher who played briefly for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the season. Listed at , 185 lb., Parker batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Theresa, New York. His older brother, Doc Parker, also pitched in the majors.
Little is known about this player on a Pirates uniform. Parker was 25 years old when he entered the majors on September 27, 1899 with Pittsburgh, starting against the Chicago Orphans. His performance that afternoon at West Side Park, reduced to the bare essentials, matching his career totals: three batters, hit one, walked two, and gave up two unearned runs, without making an out to have an undefined ERA. It is sometimes incorrectly displayed as zero or as the lowest ranking ERA when it is more akin to the highest. He played through 1905, but never appeared in a major-league game again.
He had brief stints as a manager in the minor leagues in 1904 and 1914.
Parker died in Hartford, Michigan, at the age of 60.

</doc>
<doc id="20544529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544529" title="Phragmoxenidiaceae">
Phragmoxenidiaceae

The Phragmoxenidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Tremellales. Only a single species from central and northern Europe is known, "Phragmoxenidium mycophilum".

</doc>
<doc id="20544530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544530" title="Hyaloriaceae">
Hyaloriaceae

The Hyaloriaceae are a family of fungi in the order Auriculariales. Species within the family have gelatinous basidiocarps (fruit bodies) that produce spores on septate basidia and, as such, were formerly referred to the "heterobasidiomycetes" or "jelly fungi". All appear to be saprotrophic, growing on dead wood or plant remains. Less than 10 species are currently included within the Hyaloriaceae, but the family has not been extensively researched.
Taxonomy.
History.
The family was established in 1900 by German mycologist Gustav Lindau to accommodate a single, neotropical species, "Hyaloria pilacre". Lindau considered his new family to be close to the Tremellaceae, but distinguished by the "angiocarpous" or gasteroid development of its fruit bodies (meaning that the spore-bearing hymenia were covered until maturity, rather than exposed). The Hyaloriaceae were placed within the order Tremellales by most subsequent authors, until 1984, when American mycologist Robert Bandoni revised this group of fungi and placed the family within the Auriculariales. Wells (1994) later extended the Hyaloriaceae to include other genera with "myxarioid" basidia (septate basidia with an enucleate stalk), previously placed in the Aporpiaceae or Myxariaceae.
Current status.
Initial molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, has supported the placement of the Hyaloriaceae within the Auriculariales and has also supported Wells' placement of the genus "Myxarium" within the family, though other genera with "myxarioid" basidia are not included. The anamorphic species, "Helicomyxa everhartioides", has also been shown to belong within the Hyaloriaceae.
Description.
Species within the Hyaloriaceae form gelatinous fruit bodies that are pustular, lobed, or effused ("Myxarium" species) or resemble miniature puffballs ("Hyaloria" species). Microscopically, all possess "myxarioid" basidia.
Distribution and habitat.
Species appear to be saprotrophic, growing on dead wood or plant remains. Their distribution is cosmopolitan.

</doc>
<doc id="20544532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544532" title="Cuniculitremaceae">
Cuniculitremaceae

The Cuniculitremaceae are a family of fungi in the order Tremellales. "Cuniculitrema", the teleomorphic taxon, is known in southern Germany and Switzerland, while the anamorphic taxa ("Fellomyces", "Kockovaella", and "Sterigmatosporidium") have a wider distribution. The four genera of the Cuniculitremaceae family have a combined total of 25 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20544536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544536" title="Discovery (apple)">
Discovery (apple)

Discovery is a dessert apple cultivar.
Worcester Pearmain, with possible Beauty of Bath cross.
With Worcester Pearmain as one of its parents, the fruits are typically similar in appearance to it, being small-medium in size, with small patches of yellow and largely flushed with crimson, sometimes completely covering the fruit, but tend to be slightly flatter.
The tree is a mid-season flowering variety, with fruits maturing relatively quickly, by August, and generally have good keeping qualities.

</doc>
<doc id="20544542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544542" title="No Half Measures Ltd.">
No Half Measures Ltd.

No Half Measures Ltd. is a music management company operating within the music and entertainment business. 
Based in Glasgow (Scotland) No Half Measures Ltd deals with a wide variety of areas in the music industry including artist management, marketing and promotion, live performance, presentation and touring, event management and logistics, intellectual property & rights management, music publishing, recording, manufacturing, distribution, sponsorship and branding and much more.
Founded by Dougie Souness in 1999, No Half Measures Ltd was set up with the firm intention of working with and developing Scottish artists. Since its inception, the company has worked with a diverse range of artists from nurturing emerging talent such as The Law to dealing with established household favourites Wet Wet Wet. 
Currently on the roster are:

</doc>
<doc id="20544548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544548" title="Marco Blume">
Marco Blume

Marco Blume is one of the most successful professional players. He has won two and one Masters as a member of team "Phoenix Foundation", his teammates being Kai Budde and Dirk Baberowski. He also won a German national championship individually in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20544559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544559" title="Donald Moran">
Donald Moran

Donald Richard Moran, Jr. is serving as the Chief Judge of the Fourth Judicial Circuit in Florida, which includes most of the Greater Jacksonville Metropolitan Area, specifically Duval, Clay and Nassau counties. Judge Moran represents the state of Florida for the Judicial Conference of the United States and was named 2003 “Jurist of the Year” by the Florida Chapter of the American Board of Trial Advocates. The group stated, “Judge Moran…made significant contributions to the betterment of Florida's trial system, not just this year, but throughout (his) career.”
Personal life.
Moran was born in 1945 and raised in Kentucky, receiving a Bachelors degree from the University of Kentucky at Lexington in 1968. He has a Juris Doctor Degree from the Fredric G. Levin College of Law at the University of Florida in 1973. Moran was admitted to the Florida Bar on October 18, 1973. 
Judge Moran married Elaina Moody in 1979 and they had four children: Richard, Brendan, D'Arcy and Donald III. They reside on the St. Johns River in San Marco.
Their youngest child, Donald III, was severely injured and paralyzed below the waist in 2008 after rolling his truck and being ejected. He was charged with driving under the influence following the accident. He was semi-conscious when police found him on the grass near his vehicle. Police do not believe Moran was wearing a seat belt. His blood alcohol level was at least twice the legal limit of 0.08. Donald III was previously arrested in 2007 on a DUI charge after being stopped by police in Jacksonville Beach, Florida.
His oldest son Richard was arrested in 2012 after he resisted arrest and threatened an officer's job. Duval County prosecutors dropped all charges against Richard after he completed a diversionary program.
Career.
Moran served as an Assistant State Attorney from 1973 to 1977, then a Duval County Court Judge from 1977 to 1983. He was appointed to the Fourth Judicial Circuit Court in 1983 by Governor Bob Graham prior to his appointment as Chief Judge in 1993. In that position, he administers the county and circuit court systems in Duval, Clay and Nassau counties. According to "The Florida Times-Union", "is also responsible for the court budget, judicial assignments and courthouse rules." He has also been active in drug legislation and adjudication, chairing the Florida Drug Courts Steering Committee and serving as a judge for both the adult drug court (1994–present) and the juvenile drug court (February 1997-January 1999), which he founded. A director for the National Metropolitan Courts, he has also served as its president. He has represented the state of Florida for the Judicial Conference of the United States since July 1, 2000.
New Duval Courthouse.
The Chief Judge has long been a vocal proponent of a new Duval County Courthouse. In January 1998, he announced that a new facility would be necessary within the next decade. According to Judge Moran, "You don't just build a courthouse overnight. It takes a lot of planning and projections, so that hopefully the new building will last for another 45 or 50 years." 
Just two years later, the city responded with the 2000 Better Jacksonville Plan (BJP). A new $190 million courthouse was the biggest ticket item of the $2.25 billion package of projects that voters funded with a half-cent sales tax increase. Construction bids were far higher than expected, forcing some planned facility features to be cut. Moran was critical of many of the proposed modifications, arguing that small immediate savings would result in higher expenditures in the near future or the structure opening at full capacity, requiring an immediate need for expansion. 
In 2005, in spite of judicial “bluster and arm-twisting”, as Ron Littlepage of the "Florida Times-Union" described it, Mayor Peyton announced a plan to build a separate criminal courthouse downtown to save money. Judge Moran spoke to the Jacksonville City Council on August 9, 2005 and stated that rather than agree to Peyton's plan, the judges would prefer to remain where they were. Moran also complained that the courthouse project was being cheated because the mayor wanted to move several million dollars of BJP money to other projects. Moran complained that "his relationship with the Peyton administration is 'adversarial in all respects.'" The judge told a newspaper reporter that the city should "do nothing until money is available to do a new courthouse right."
In another opinion piece, Littlepage indicated that Moran threatened to have the state force Peyton to build a $400 million courthouse, which he felt it was unlikely to do, but the mayor abandoned his split courthouse proposal. On April 22, 2008, Peyton and Moran came together to urge the Jacksonville City Council to approve a $350 million county courthouse complex, which they did. The complex could be open by June 30, 2011, when Peyton leaves office.
Domestic violence investigation.
During the evening of September 24, 2007, Elaina Moran called 911 and accused her husband of beating her. The responding police officer's incident report stated: 
"The victim's mouth was bloody and the right side of her mouth appeared to be swollen. I also witnessed spattered spots of blood on the victim's white shirt and on her hair... he punched her husband or threw something at him. She said she could not remember which. At that time, the suspect hit her back.
Investigating officers also noted that Moran and his wife had both been drinking, that Elaina Moran indicated that "she should not have to put up with this type of abuse" but that she didn't wish to file charges because Moran "was a good man and worked hard for his career". On September 26, 2007, Judge Moran appointed Circuit Judge Charles O. Mitchell Jr. as acting chief judge while the police investigation was taking place, to prevent any appearance of impropriety. 
During his interview, Moran told police that his wife had not only consumed a large quantity of wine, but was also under medication prescribed for depression; he acknowledged that his wife had struck him, but denied striking her, claiming that she had fallen. On September 26, while talking to police during their investigation, Elaina Moran recanted her story, indicating that she had "lied; I tried to get him and hurt him; I'm the abuser." She admitted that she is an alcoholic and acknowledged mixing prescription drugs with alcohol.
The "Florida Times-Union" interviewed Ellen Siler, the executive director for Hubbard House, a Jacksonville women's shelter and resource for battered people. She declined to comment on specific cases, but "said it's not uncommon for women to change their stories", indicating also that "on occasion, women do abuse men."
It was the opinion of the investigators that an arrest warrant should be issued for Elaina Moran on charges of domestic battery and falsifying a police report, but on Friday, September 28, State Attorney Harry Shorstein announced that no charges would be filed against either Moran. While Shorstein agreed with investigators in clearing Moran, he opted not to prosecute Elaina Moran both because the level of violence did not seem to him to warrant prosecution and because he feared prosecuting her might "discourage true domestic violence victims from coming forward out of fear that they could be accused of lying and possibly prosecuted", a concern Siler acknowledged to be legitimate. Shorstein, long acquainted with the Morans, denied special handling of the case, but acknowledged that "many residents called his office...suggesting he'd shown favoritism toward Judge Moran," who had made known his wish that his wife not be prosecuted.
Judge Moran returned to work on Monday, October 1, after he was cleared of all charges.

</doc>
<doc id="20544563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544563" title="Rebecca Caudill">
Rebecca Caudill

Rebecca Caudill Ayars (February 2, 1899 – October 2, 1985) was an American author of children's literature with more than twenty books published. Her "Tree of Freedom" (Viking, 1949) was a Newbery Honor Book in 1950. "A Pocketful of Cricket" (Holt, 1964), illustrated by Evaline Ness, was a Caldecott Honor Book.
Life.
Caudill was one of ten children in the family of Susan and George Caudill of Harlan County, Kentucky. She was born in Poor Fork, now Cumberland, Kentucky. 
She graduated from Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia, and then taught English and history 1920–21 at Sumner County High School, Portland, Tennessee. In 1922 she received her master's degree in International Relations from Vanderbilt University. She taught English as a second language (ESL) in Brazil for two years and then returned to Tennessee where she worked briefly as an editor for Abingdon Press, the Methodist Church publishing house in Nashville. She moved to Chicago for a job in a publishing house, and she married James Sterling Ayars in 1931. They moved to Urbana, Illinois in 1937 with their two children.
Caudill's first book, "Barrie and Daughter" (Viking, 1943), came from memories of her childhood in the hill country of Kentucky and Tennessee. Most of her children's books brought alive the pioneer era of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, evoking the culture of Appalachia she loved. She wrote in her memoir: "Doors in the houses of my Appalachia were never locked against friend or stranger. The people found their pleasures in the simple things of life. They possessed a kind of profound wisdom, characteristic of those who live close to Nature, who walk in step with Nature's rhythm, and who depend on Nature for life itself."
Activism.
She was the co-founder of the Champaign-Urbana Peace Council; created the hospitality program for international students at Wesleyan College; and served on the boards of trustees for the Pine Mountain Settlement School in Harlan County and the Urbana Free Library [http://www.urbanafreelibrary.org] in Illinois. She also taught many writing workshops.
Bibliography.
Many of these works are translated into at least five other languages besides English.
See the Scholastics.com website for a list of Caudill's books by interest level, genre/theme and grade level equivalency. 
Awards and Honors.
In the fall of 1963, the University of Kentucky, Southeast Center honored her with Rebecca Caudill Day. Harlan County's first community library was located in Cumberland, Kentucky, and in 1965 it was named the Rebecca Caudill Public Library in her honor.
Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame.
Rebecca Caudill was inducted into The Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame at an induction ceremony on Thursday, January 23, 2014, at the Carnegie Center in Lexington, Kentucky. Caudill was the Kentucky Hall of Fame's first children's author. 
Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award.
The Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award (RCYRBA) is named in honor of Caudill and her contributions to children's literature. The schoolchildren in her adopted state of Illinois, Grade 4 to to Grade 8, vote each year for their favorite of twenty nominees.

</doc>
<doc id="20544567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544567" title="International Turkish Hope School, Dhaka">
International Turkish Hope School, Dhaka

[http:/turkeymia.org Turkey Bhai (ISD) is a co-educational International Baccalaureate World School in Dhaka, Bangladesh which opened in 1999. The school enrolls students in the age range of 3 – 18, from Playgroup through to Grade 12, providing an international education for local and expatriate children living in Bangladesh. The school has teachers from New Zealand, Canada, Russia, India, USA, UK, Australia, Sri Lanka and Netherlands.
The school is recognized by the Bangladesh Ministry of Education and is accredited by the Council of International Schools, the New England Association of Schools and Colleges and authorized by the International Baccalaureate Organization.
Campus.
International School Dhaka) is an oasis away from the hustle and bustle of the city. It is situated on the north-west of the city in the residential area of Bashundhara. The 4.5 hectare campus has centrally air-conditioned buildings including classrooms, specialist teaching rooms such as science laboratories, design and technology laboratories, art rooms and art exhibition rooms. Information Communication Technology supports all aspects of schools operations. 
Other facilities include an automated library, a sports hall/gymnasium, swimming pool, auditorium, art studios, cafeteria, playing field, tennis courts, basketball courts, playing areas and community gardens. Students are accompanied by teachers on field trips both local and overseas. They also take part in community projects.
Curriculum.
The curriculum comprises the Early Years and the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Programme (PYP), Middle Years Programme (MYP) and the Diploma Programme. Graduates achieve results above the world average in the IB Diploma and attend universities in the United States, Canada, Netherlands, Norway, India, UAE, Singapore, Malaysia, Korea, Australia, and the United Kingdom.
International Baccalaureate subjects.
International School Dhaka offers the following courses at IB Higher and Standard level:
Community Action Service.
International School Dhaka's campus is home to the most sophisticated auditorium in Bangladesh. Here students from Primary and Secondary take part in productions of musical theater, drama, piano concerts, award shows, and charity awareness programs. 
An aspect of learning at ISD is for a student to develop experience in helping the community through volunteering in charitable causes and non-profit organizations (for example, Habitat for Humanity).
Students in Secondary School participate in the Model United Nations(MUN), with the team traveling to Malaysia, Singapore, and other nations around the world to partake in the annual MUN meetings. ISD is host to the local Model United Nations debate.
Sports.
The school has one of the largest fields in Dhaka city, dubbed "The Field of Dreams". Other ISD facilities include a fully air-conditioned indoor basketball and gymnastics arena, a heated Olympic sized swimming pool and audience gallery, an outdoor basketball court, and two outdoor tennis courts. Each student participates in annual sporting events including a Sports Day and Swimming Meet. Students participate in a yearly Health and Fitness Week, where all classes begin an hour later to accommodate early morning yoga, jogging, dance, and other fitness activities; where students can also volunteer to teach. 
International School Dhaka also has some of the most successful secondary school sports teams in Bangladesh. 
Sports teams: 
ISD sports teams have traveled to Azerbaijan, Thailand, Malaysia, Switzerland (ski trip), Indonesia, Italy, and Scotland for sports tournaments and training programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20544575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544575" title="Dahiwad, Amalner">
Dahiwad, Amalner

Dahiwad is a village in Amalner taluka and Jalgaon district in the state of Maharashtra, India. It is located around 17 kilometers from Amalner. Dahiwad is home to Navbharat Secondary & Higher Secondary High School.
This village is for Khandoba's Yatra (Baara Gada).

</doc>
<doc id="20544600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544600" title="List of artists that appear on ROIR">
List of artists that appear on ROIR

Following is a list of musical artists appearing on the ROIR record label, also known as Reach Out International Records, the New York City-based record label founded in 1979 by Neil Cooper. 
External links.
Bad Cop (Nashville)

</doc>
<doc id="20544602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544602" title="Mario Tičinović">
Mario Tičinović

Mario Tičinović (born 20 August 1991) is a Croatian footballer. He plays as a winger for F.C. Nordsjælland in the Danish Superliga. Tičinović has amassed a total 44 youth caps for Croatia under six different age groups.
Senior career.
Hajduk Split.
Tičinović began his playing career at Hajduk Split, he didn't graduate from all the youth levels of Hajduk. That decision would later effect his career. His first game for Hajduk was on the 3 August 2008 against Varteks, he came on for Mladen Bartolović which made him at that time the youngest player ever that debuted for Hajduk on senior level with only 16 years of age. The game ended in a one all draw. Tičinović scored his first goal for the team in a 4–0 win over Birkirkara, becoming the youngest Hajduk's scorer in European competitions ever. Tičinović was often hailed by the media as the new Croatian star and was expected to make a significant international career. Despite having amazing talent at such a young age,Tičinović didn't manage to find himself in the starting 11.He was mostly used as a substitute which effected on him negatively.
In 2008 he suffered an injury which kept him of the field for nearly 1 year. In 2009 under manager Edoardo Reja he was used more often in the first team but after suffering another injury during the winter preparations in Marbella he paused for 2 months and after Reja left the club Tičinović found himself again on the bench. He won the Croatian Cup in 2010.
In the following season he joined Karlovac on loan but after 6 months he returned to Hajduk again to find himself with minor minutes on the field.
In 2011 manager Krasimir Balakov came to Hajduk and started using young Tičinović as a left back. He didn't prove himself to the new manager and was used again as a late substitute. In November 2011 Tičinović was kicked from the first team for breaking the door in the club restourant and for disrespecting manager Balakov. He was given the status as a not needet player and was loaned to F.C. Nordsjælland. Finally he was sold to them at the end of the season.
F.C. Nordsjælland.
January 2012, Tičinović was loaned to Danish club F.C. Nordsjælland for the rest of the season. He would make 11 appearances and score 1 goal during his loan spell, helping the Farum club win their first Danish Superliga championship.
1 June 2012, F.C. Nordsjælland confirmed the purchase of Tičinović from Hajduk Split, signing a 3-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20544608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544608" title="Edward Parrott">
Edward Parrott

Sir James Edward Parrott, MP, (1 June 1863 - 5 April 1921) was a British teacher and author, who served as the Liberal Member of Parliament from Edinburgh South for 1917-1918.
He was born in Marple, Cheshire, the eldest son of a schoolteacher. He was educated at St. Paul's College, Cheltenham and then became an elementary schoolteacher, studying for a MA degree at Trinity College, Dublin at the same time. In 1891, he married Elizabeth Shirley, with whom he would have three daughters; she later became the Inspectress of Schools in Liverpool. He worked in education in Sheffield and then Liverpool for several years, during which time he began to write schoolbooks; as a result of this work, he was appointed educational editor at Thomas Nelson & Sons in 1898, and moved to Edinburgh. In 1900, he was awarded the degree of LLD by Trinity College, Dublin, ranked at the head of the examination list.
He was elected chairman of the South Edinburgh Liberal Association in 1904 (until 1917), and the chair of Edinburgh United Liberal Committee in 1908 (until 1919). He was knighted in 1910 for services to the Liberal Party.
In 1917, the Member of Parliament for Edinburgh South, Charles Henry Lyell, stood down. Parrott was offered the candidacy by the local Liberal Association in April, and accepted it; it had previously been expected that the seat would be offered to Sir George Macrae. In the by-election on 12 May, he was returned unopposed. He did not contest the seat at the 1918 general election, and instead stood for election in Edinburgh West. He remained loyal to H. H. Asquith in the post-war split of the Liberal Party, considering himself a "Gladstonian Liberal".
He was a Governor of Cheltenham Training College, and a Justice of the Peace for the City of Edinburgh. For his work with Belgian and Serbian refugees during the First World War, he received the Belgian Order of the Crown with Palms in Gold, and was an Officer of the Serbian Order of St. Sava.
His publications included various books on the First World War and a large number of schoolbooks, and he edited Funk and Wagnall's Standard Encyclopaedia and Nelson's New Age Encyclopaedia.

</doc>
<doc id="20544610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544610" title="John A. McDougall">
John A. McDougall

John A. McDougall is an American Irish physician and author whose philosophy is that degenerative disease can be prevented and treated with a low-fat, whole foods, plant-based/vegan diet – especially one based on starches such as potatoes, rice, and corn – which excludes all animal foods and added vegetable oils.
Biography.
Early years and education.
McDougall is a graduate of Michigan State University's College of Human Medicine, he performed his internship at Queen's Medical Center in Honolulu, Hawaii in 1972, and his medical residency at the University of Hawaii. He is certified as an internist by the Board of Internal Medicine and the National Board of Medical Examiners.
In 1965, at age 18, McDougall suffered a massive stroke which he attributed to his high animal product diet. Since the mid-1970s, he has followed mostly a vegan diet after observing that his elderly patients from the Far East, who lived mainly on rice and vegetables, were trim and healthy compared to their offspring tempted by an American diet.
Career.
Between 1973 and 1976, McDougall worked as a physician at the Hamakua Sugar Plantation on Hawaii Island. It was during this time that he first became aware of the link between his patients' dietary choice and their health. Between 1986 and 2002, he launched a vegetarian dietary program at St. Helena Hospital in Napa Valley, California. Between 1999 and 2001, he also ran his dietary program for the Blue Cross Blue Shield in Minneapolis.
In 2002, he began the McDougall Program at the Flamingo Resort in Santa Rosa, California. The McDougall Program is a 10-day live-in program where patients work to regain their health by eating a vegetarian diet (without limits) and where they hear lectures by McDougall and other health professionals. The program has been recommended by heart disease researcher Dean Ornish. The core components of the program are available free on Dr. McDougall's web site.
McDougall is the co-founder and chairman of Dr. McDougall's Right Foods Inc. which produces food products for grocery stores, and a member of the advisory board of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine. In 2000, "The Press Democrat" described McDougall and his wife as operating "a small industry, with several cookbooks, a newsletter, a Web site, vegetarian meal cups sold across the country and a nationally syndicated TV show."
McDougall is the author of several books, including "The McDougall Plan" (1983). This was the first book by an accredited Western medical authority to propose that there is no need to combine proteins to make a "complete" protein.

</doc>
<doc id="20544613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544613" title="Phoenix FM (Central Victoria)">
Phoenix FM (Central Victoria)

Inaugural meeting.
The inaugural meeting of Phoenix FM (also known as Central Victorian Community Broadcasters Incorporated) was held on 10 April 2007.
Test broadcasts.
Phoenix FM was granted a temporary licence for two weeks of test broadcasting from 7 January 2008. It was granted a second test broadcast period for two weeks from 8 to 21 June 2008. It was then granted a third test broadcast from 6pm on 28 September to midnight on 6 October 2008. A further extension to this was granted from October 2008 to March 2009 in a time-share arrangement with Fresh FM. This occurred after a battle with the ACMA, who were proposing to use the frequency used by both Phoenix FM and Fresh FM for political broadcasts. The station has applied for a further extension to its licence.
As from mid-2008, Phoenix FM are streaming their shows over the Internet.
2008 Bendigo Easter Festival.
At Bendigo's Easter Festival in 2008, watched by up to 80,000 people, Phoenix FM made its presence known. The Phoenix float at the Gala Procession and Torchlight Procession received a very warm response.
First outside broadcast.
Phoenix FM's first outside broadcast was a call of the Bendigo Pioneers game from Country Vet Oval, Golden Square. This was an event created community radio history in Bendigo.
Presenters:
Lewis Adams hosts "The New Local" with Stephen Wright. He also presents "Live History"
Mark Noulton and Joseph Johnston Present Generous Servings of Soup. Noulton also presents "Batcat"
Stephen Wright presents "The Shoe Draw Sideshow Funky Dance Time Hour"
Phoenix FM now broadcasts on its own frequency 24 hours a day after gaining a full broadcast licence. The former 89.5 frequency, which was shared with (3CCC FM/Fresh FM) Goldfields Community Radio Co-Operative, is now allocated to the ABC Newsradio Network.

</doc>
<doc id="20544618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544618" title="Ashok Chavan">
Ashok Chavan

Ashok Shankarrao Chavan (born ) was the Chief Minister of Maharashtra. Chavan was sworn in on 8 December 2008, after his political party, the Indian National Congress and Vilasrao Deshmukh selected him to be Vilasrao Deshmukh's successor on 5 December 2008. He earlier served as Minister for Cultural Affairs, Industries, Mines and Protocol in Vilasrao Deshmukh government. Chavan is son of former Chief Minister of Maharashtra Shankarrao Chavan and they are the first father–son duo in the state's history to become chief ministers.
Chavan was asked to resign as Chief Minister during a meeting with Congress president, Sonia Gandhi, after it emerged that three of his relatives were house-owners of a government housing society in upmarket Colaba.
Early life.
Ashok was born on 28 October 1958 in a Maratha Patil family. His father, Shankarrao Chavan had also been chief minister of Maharashtra. His wife's name is Ameeta Chavan-Sharma.
Political career.
He graduated in Science and has obtained his Master's in Business Management. He started his political career as General Secretary, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee. In 1987–88, he was elected as Member of Parliament from Nanded Lok Sabha constituency. In 1992, he was elected as M.L.C to the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly and later joined as Minister of State for Public works, Urban Development and Home in March 1993. In 2003, Vilasrao Deshmukh appointed Chavan as Minister for Transport, Ports, Cultural Affairs and Protocol. In November 2004, Chavan became Minister for Industries, Mining, Cultural Affairs & Protocol. He was the General Secretary of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee from 1995 to 1999. He is the President of Sai Sevabhavi Trust Nanded, a charitable voluntary organisation.
Sharad Pawar, the regional satrap, had been lukewarm towards Chavan, after his first choice of union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde was ignored well before the race began. Congress had clearly plumped for a Maratha to lead the party in the state, and had ignored the NCP view that it go for a non-Maratha to set right the social combination. 
As a result, NCP chose a non-Maratha, Chhagan Bhujbal to man the deputy CM's post and gave the home ministry to Jayant Patil. The latter being a Maratha balanced the NCP's own bid to remain the community's first choice.
On 20 February 2009, Narayan Rane was inducted into the cabinet and was made the Minister of Industry.
After winning assembly elections in 2009, Congress President Sonia Gandhi named Ashok Chavan as next Chief Minister of Maharashtra.
On 9 November 2010, the Congress Party removed Ashok Chavan from office over corruption allegations.
Controversy, Scams and Allegations.
Apart from the much discussed Adarsh Housing Society Scam, Ashok Chavan was accused of using his office to fund his relatives' bank. He denied the allegation by the Election Commission of India of having inserted favourable Paid News in newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="20544624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544624" title="Irwin Keyes">
Irwin Keyes

Irwin Keyes (born March 16, 1952) is an American actor who has appeared in over 40 films and television shows. Irwin was considered for the role of Freddy Krueger in "A Nightmare on Elm Street". He is perhaps best known to TV viewers for his recurring role as Hugo, the burly, but dim-witted bodyguard of George Jefferson on the CBS-TV sitcom series "The Jeffersons".

</doc>
<doc id="20544633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544633" title="Solario">
Solario

Solario (1922-1945) was a successful British Thoroughbred racehorse and influential sire.
Background.
Bred in Ireland by the 4th Earl of Dunraven, he was by the 1918 English Triple Crown champion, Gainsborough. His dam Sun Worship, was a daughter of the outstanding sire Sundridge who was the Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland in 1911.
Solario was sold as a yearling for the huge sum of 47,000 guineas to a British syndicate. Sir John Rutherford employed Reginald Day to condition the colt for racing.
Racing career.
At age two, Solario won the 1924 Exeter Stakes and was second in the Middle Park Stakes. As a three-year-old, he finished fourth in the first two British Classic Races then won the third, the St. Leger Stakes. At Ascot Racecorse he won the 1925 Ascot Derby. At age four, Solario ran away from the field while winning the 1926 Coronation Cup by fifteen lengths then won the Ascot Gold Cup.
Stud career.
Solario commenced stud duties at Newmarket at a fee of 500 guineas a mare. In 1932 he was sold following the death of his owner, Sir John Rutherford. In his will, Rutherford left two pictures of Solario and the Coronation Cup he won to the Blackburn Museum and Art Gallery. Solario was sent to stand at Terrace House Stud (now Tattersalls' Park Paddocks in Newmarket, Suffolk). In 1937, he was the Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland when his son Mid-day Sun won the Epsom Derby and his daughter Exhibitionnist won the 1,000 Guineas Stakes and Epsom Oaks. Solario sired his second Epsom Derby winner when another son, Straight Deal, won the 1943 running.
Solario died at the age of twenty-three in 1945 having sired the winners of £270,000 in stakes. He is buried at Tattersalls' Park Paddocks in Newmarket.
Selected notable offspring.
Solario was the Leading broodmare sire in Great Britain & Ireland in 1943, 1949 and 1950. Through his daughters, he was the damsire of:
Honours.
In 1925 the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) began a tradition of naming locomotives after winning racehorses; LNER Class A1 locomotive no. 4473 (later no. 104, BR no. 60104) was named "Solario" after this horse, and remained in service until December 1959. Sandown Park Racecourse have a hospitality are known as the Solario Suite.

</doc>
<doc id="20544636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544636" title="Hamburgbukta">
Hamburgbukta

Hamburgbukta (English: "Hamburg Bay") is a one-kilometer-long bay on the western side of Hoelhalvøya, Albert I Land, Spitsbergen in the Svalbard archipelago.
History.
The French were the first to occupy it in 1633, calling it "Port Louis" or "Refuge Français". On the southern shore of the bay they built a whaling station. In 1634 two English men-of-war tried to drive out the French, but failed. In 1637 they were driven out of Hamburgbukta by the Danes. They abandoned it in the following year after being harassed by the Danes once more. It was named "Ulfeldts Bay" by the Danes, in honor of Corfits Ulfeldt, who was responsible for driving away the French in 1637-38. In 1644 the first Hamburg ships came to the bay. They came to the bay again in 1648, and in later years, which resulted in the bay being named after the German port (which was part of Denmark at the time). 
Later the bay was used by Russian trappers. In 1818, a British expedition, while anchored in Magdalenefjorden, which lies just to the north, they met Russian hunters from Hamburgbukta. One of the British officers went with them to the bay, where he found that they had built "a comfortable wooden hut, well lined with moss, divided into three compartments".

</doc>
<doc id="20544639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544639" title="Linsidemore">
Linsidemore

Linsidemore () is a village on the north bank of the Kyle of Sutherland in the Scottish Highlands. It is about 3 miles northwest of Invershin and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20544659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544659" title="Berowra Waters Ferry">
Berowra Waters Ferry

The Berowra Waters Ferry is a cable ferry across the Berowra Creek, a tributary of the Hawkesbury River, in New South Wales, Australia. The ferry operates from the community of Berowra Waters on the west bank of the creek, to a landing on the east bank, thus connecting with the road to Berowra Heights.
The ferry is operated by a private sector operator under contract to New South Wales Roads and Maritime Services, and is free of tolls. The crossing is in length and takes approximately 3 minutes. The ferry operates on demand 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, but is closed for maintenance on the second Tuesday of each month from 1200 to 1430.
The Berowra Waters Ferry is one of five cable ferry crossings of the Hawkesbury River system. All the others are across the main channel of the river, comprising in order downstream the Sackville Ferry, Lower Portland Ferry, Webbs Creek Ferry and Wisemans Ferry.

</doc>
<doc id="20544661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544661" title="The Happiness Project">
The Happiness Project

The Happiness Project is the title of Charles Spearin's debut album. Best known for his work with Toronto-based bands Do Make Say Think and Broken Social Scene, Charles Spearin has been performing samples of The Happiness Project live during Broken Social Scene concerts this past year, offering insight into the inspiration and concept of the album, which has been long-listed for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize. On April 17, 2010, Spearin won a Juno Award for the Best Contemporary Jazz Album for the "The Happiness Project".
Concept.
The project sprang from casual interviews with people in Spearin's neighbourhood on the subject of happiness.
After each interview I would listen back to the recording for moments that were interesting in both meaning and melody. By meaning I mean the thoughts expressed, by melody I mean the cadence and inflection that give the voice a sing-song quality. It has always been interesting to me how we use sounds to convey concepts. Normally, we don’t pay any attention to the movement of our lips and tongue, and the rising and falling of our voices as we toss our thoughts back and forth to each other. We just talk and listen. The only time we pay attention to these qualities is in song. (Just as when we read we don’t pay attention to the curl and swing of the letters as though they were little drawings.)
Meaning seems to be our hunger but we should still try to taste our food. I wanted to see if I could blur the line between speaking and singing - life and art? - and write music based on these accidental melodies. So I had some musician friends play, as close as they could, these neighbourhood melodies on different instruments (Mrs. Morris on the tenor saxophone, Marisa on the harp, my daughter Ondine on the violin, etc.) and then I arranged them as though they were songs.
–Charles Spearin, on "The Happiness Project"
Guest appearances.
Performers on the album include fellow Broken Social Scene members Kevin Drew and Evan Cranley as well as fellow Do Make Say Think member Justin Small.

</doc>
<doc id="20544663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544663" title="Drag pageantry">
Drag pageantry

Drag pageantry is a highly developed form of pageantry for female impersonators and trans women, styled after traditional beauty pageants or beauty contests.
In more recent years, it has also evolved into a highly developed form of pageantry for male impersonators and transmen, modeled in the same style and spirit as female-centered pageantry (see above).
Pageants in the United States.
National drag pageants became enmeshed within the gay community during the 1970s, and have become increasingly prevalent since. The first drag pageants were held in individual gay bars, and discothèques during the post Stonewall era. Drag pageants evolved independently, in the decade subsequent to the first gay Mardi Gras coronations.
Miss Gay America.
Mirroring the format of the Miss America contest, the first national gay pageant Miss Gay America (MGA) was held in 1972 at the Watch Your Hat & Coat Saloon in Nashville, Tennessee, Nashville's first gay dance and show bar. Jerry Peek opened this bar in 1971, and was an instant sensation. Not only with the gay patrons, but also with the straight crowd. Norma Kristie, state representative of Arkansas, was crowned as the winner of the 1973 Miss Gay America Pageant, and in 1975 Norman "Norma Kristie" Jones took ownership of the pageant from Jerry Peek, who founded the Miss Gay America Pageant. Norman Jones would form Norma Kristie, Inc. and operate the pageant and its network of preliminaries for the next 30 years.
In February 2005, the Miss Gay America pageantry system was purchased by Larry Tyger and Terry Eason of L & T Entertainment. Currently, contestants are judged in 5 categories: Male Interview, Solo Talent, Evening Gown, Stage Question & Answer, and Production Talent.
Former titleholders.
Miss Continental U.S.A..
As MGA grew in popularity, many professional female impersonators found they were unable to compete in the pageant due to its prohibition against the use of hormones, silicone injections (below the neck), and/or breast implants. Aside from the prestige of holding a national title, the MGA crown afforded the winner guaranteed show bookings at every state preliminary held during the title year. For the winner, the MGA crown turned what was often local, part-time work into a full-time job. As many transsexual and trans-gender performers used drag shows as a source of income, it was only natural that a pageantry system would evolve to meet their needs.
In 1980, Chicago nightclub promoter Jim Flint, owner of the Baton Show Lounge, filled this void with the creation of the Miss Continental U.S.A. Pageant. Contestants were scored in interview, swim wear, talent, and evening gown; for the finalists, an on stage question. The first Miss Continental was Chili Pepper, who has never had implants. Chili, the first Miss Continental represents female impersonation in its truest form. The Continental Pageantry System became renowned for its "titty girls," or pre-operative transsexual contestants.
List of Former Miss Continental Titleholders:
Miss Continental Plus Winners 
Miss Continental Elite Winners
Mr. Continental Winners
National Entertainer Of The Year.
This contest was formed by George Stinson and Ed Lewis. Owners of the successful Connection Complex in Louisville, Kentucky. They based the contest on the original idea of Ruth Buzzi who held a contest in 1985. 
Mr. Entertainer of the Year
King Entertainer of the Year
In 2011, National EOY introduced an MI division. On a preliminary level, the first MI crowned in the system was Joey Paige, who captured the title of Kentucky EOY King at the prelim in Louisville on July 3, 2011. This was the only EOY MI prelim contest held that year. Michigan EOY also sent a representative, the ultimately national Spacee Kadett, but he was appointed the title.
NATIONAL TITLEHOLDERS
Miss Gay USofA.
Houston, Texas based MGA promoter Jerry Bird purchased the bankrupt Miss Gay USA pageant from former MGA Jimi Dee in 1985. () Within a few years he took the pageant from a small twelve contestant affair to a national showcase with over eighty participants. In 1986, the first Miss Gay USA Naomi Sims crowned Michael Andrews. In the mid-1990s the pageant was renamed Miss Gay USofA after complaints and legal threats from the owner of Miss USA, Donald Trump, who placed a cease and desist order until verbiage could be agreed upon that allowed for both competitions to continue without confusion or discrimination.
There have been a wide range of contestants in the Miss USofA System, and it is interesting to note that many USofA titleholders also count the Miss Gay America crown as accomplishments in female impersonation. These include:
Naomi Sims, Miss Gay USA 1979 (Miss Gay America 1985);
Michael Andrews, Miss Gay USA 1986 (Miss Gay America 1977);
Jacquelyn DeVaroe, Miss Gay USofA 1997 (Miss Gay America 1994);
Lauren Taylor, Miss Gay USofA 1998 (Miss Gay America 1997);
Alyssa Edwards, Miss Gay USofA 2006 (Miss Gay America 2010, though Edwards was stripped of the title a few short months after winning the crown);
Dominique Sanchez, Miss Gay USofA 2010 (Miss Gay America 2003); and, Luscious, Miss Gay USofA 2011 (Miss Gay America 2007).
List of Miss Gay USA, Miss Gay USofA, Miss Gay USofA Classic, Miss Gay USofA At-Large, Miss Gay USofA Newcomer, Mr. Gay USofA, Mr. Gay USofA At-Large, Mister USofA MI and Mister USofA MI Classic Titleholders.
The following is the list of the winners of the Miss Gay U.S.A. Pageant — then a complete change of ownership — Miss Gay USA winners 1986 through 1994 and Miss Gay USofA winners from 1995 through present:
Miss Gay U.S.A.'s :
Miss Gay USA's :
Miss Gay USofA's :
Miss Gay USofA At Large
Miss Gay USofA Classic's :
Miss Gay USofA Newcomer's :
Mr. Gay USofA's :
Mr. Gay USofA At-Large's :
Mister USofA MI's :
Mister USofA MI Classic's :
Miss Gay National.
This pageant is now defunct but because of its former status, it is included here.
Miss Gay National At Large
All American Goddess.
This is a new pageant system created by Scott Gonyaw.
All American Goddess at Large
All American Gent
Miss Gay International.
This pageant founded for newer queens transformed into what is now Miss International Inc. Initially founded by Ronnie Benoit and Christine Mancini before Mancini took over herself. The system split in 2009 into International Inc. and Miss Gay International
North America Pageantry.
This system started as North America and then had merged with Dena Cass's International.After a split in the systems owners the system separated, the original owner of North America Pageantry went on to continue to hold pageants under the Name Gay North America. The Remaining board went onto hold North America International, which was Dissolved in less than 3 months of announcing the split in the two systems. North America is still going strong with a new board of directors and great owners. you may contact Lady Jasmine Michaels at 217-381-9514 for more information.
Miss Gay North America Femme.
During the 1990s, the range and variety of drag pageantry continued to expand; however the "big four" pageant systems of MGA, Continental, USofA and EOY still dominated the market. New competitions with new requirements brought a wider variety of performers to drag pageantry. Contests for plus-sized, mature and African American female impersonators became popular. Today, drag pageants like Miss Gay USofA at Large, Miss Gay USofA Classic, Miss Continental Plus, Miss Continental Elite, and Miss Gay USofA Newcomer demonstrate the expansion of both the USofA and Continental franchises.

</doc>
<doc id="20544664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544664" title="List of Poles by net worth">
List of Poles by net worth

Below is a list of Polish billionaires as of March 2009, according to "Forbes" magazine.
Below is a list of Polish billionaires as of March 2009, according to "Forbes" magazine, Polish edition.
Below is a list of Polish billionaires as of 2012, according to "Wprost" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20544708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544708" title="Cystofilobasidiaceae">
Cystofilobasidiaceae

The Cystofilobasidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Tremellales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution, predominantly in cold climates. Phylogenetic analyses shows that this family is clearly distinct from other yeast-like families of the Tremellomycetes.

</doc>
<doc id="20544710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544710" title="Fertilia">
Fertilia

Fertilia [fer-tì-lia] is a village on the municipality of Alghero in the province of Sassari, Sardinia, Italy.
History.
Fertilia was built by the Fascist government of Italy in the 1930s, after the draining of the marshes which covered the area. 
Fertilia lies between Fertilia Airport and the city of Alghero.

</doc>
<doc id="20544713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544713" title="Deel Castle">
Deel Castle

Deel Castle (Caoslean na Daoile in Irish) was built in the 16th century by the Bourkes and later renamed Castle Gore. It is located near the town of Crossmolina, County Mayo, in Ireland
History.
As the name suggests, the translation means "the Castle of the River Deel".
Deel Castle is a 16th-century tower house of the Bourkes which is close to the northern end of Lough Conn. After Col. Thomas Bourke had fought on the side of King James in the Williamite Wars, the property was forfeited and given to the Gore family, afterwards Earls of Arran, who renamed it Castle Gore. The tower house had a large 18th-century wing with a handsome rusticated doorway added to it; possibly incorporating a 17th-century range. They also acquired the Manor of Belleek from the O'Haras, Barons Tyrawley, and owned estates in county Donegal.
The castle along with other lands was leased to James Cuff, Lord Tyrawley towards the end of the 18th century. Occupied by the Cuff's steward for part of the 19th century.
James Cuff, Lord Tyrawley, built a house beside the Old Bourke Castle in 1791. The house was burnt in 1922 and not rebuilt.
The old castle, which was still intact in the early 20th century, is now a ruin.

</doc>
<doc id="20544722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544722" title="Dream Slashers">
Dream Slashers

Dream Slashers is a low-budget horror movie that was a straight to DVD release in 2007. Filmed under the title "Choppers", "Dream Slashers" was filmed in Los Angeles, Palm Springs and the Salton Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20544753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544753" title="Emmen railway station">
Emmen railway station

Emmen is a terminus railway station located in Emmen, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 November 1905 and is located on the Zwolle–Emmen railway. The train services are operated by Arriva.
The line continues for a short distance to a headshunt where trains can wait before returning, formerly the line continued onwards in a northerly direction with stations at Weerdinge, Exloo and Buinen, to a junction with the now closed line between Assen and Stadskanaal at Gasselternijveen. This closed in the late 1950s with the exception of a short freight only section from Gasselterijveen to Buinen which closed at the same time as Assen - Stadskanaal (early 1960s). Although the tracks have been removed, the remains of the track beds of both lines are still visible in the landscape.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Emmen:
Bus services.
Out the front of the station many regional and local bus services leave to many destinations.

</doc>
<doc id="20544766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544766" title="Coltness High School">
Coltness High School

Coltness High School is a comprehensive school that is located in Coltness, the largest suburb of Wishaw, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. The school was opened in 1966, and currently has a roll of under 1,000. The school serves the Wishaw catchment area of Coltness and Cambusnethan, as well as settlements outside of Wishaw such as Cleland.
The school has undergone a series of renovation works, in order for it to be more modernised, reducing the likelihood of closure.

</doc>
<doc id="20544775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544775" title="Uncial 0280">
Uncial 0280

Uncial 0280 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 8th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Epistle to the Hebrews 9:14-18, on one parchment leaf (31 cm by 23 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
Location.
It is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery, Sinai in May 1975, during restoration work. Currently the codex is housed at the monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 15a). 

</doc>
<doc id="20544782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544782" title="Behind the Cow">
Behind the Cow

"Behind The Cow" is a 2007 single by German band Scooter featuring American rapper Fatman Scoop. Premiered at "The Dome 40" in Düsseldorf on 1 December, 2006, it was released on 19 January, 2007 as the lead single from their twelfth studio album "The Ultimate Aural Orgasm". Jeff "Mantas" Dunn plays guitar on the track.
Music video.
The video was filmed in India, where the band caused controversy by painting a cow, an animal considered holy in India.
Samples.
"Behind the Cow" samples music and lyrics from "What Time Is Love? (Live at Trancentral)" and "" both by The KLF, "(Don't Fear) The Reaper" by Blue Öyster Cult and "Black Celebration" by Depeche Mode. It also features vocals from the song "Yeh Kali Kali", from the Indian movie "Baazigar"

</doc>
<doc id="20544783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544783" title="Letters, Wester Ross">
Letters, Wester Ross

Letters () is a village on the south west shore of Loch Broom, in Garve, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20544813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544813" title="Dugal">
Dugal

Dugal is a surname with multiple origins. In some cases it is derived from the Gaelic personal name "Dùghall" (variously spelt), or else from a reduced form of the surname "MacDougall" (which is an Anglicised surname originating from a patronymic form of "Dùghall", "Dubhghall", and etc.). The Gaelic "Dùghall" and "Dubhghall" are composed of elements "dubh" and "gall", meaning "dark" and "stranger". In other cases, the surname "Dugal" is of French origin. In other cases, the surname is of Punjabi origin, as a Khatri and Sikh name based upon the name of a Khatri clan. This Indian surname is more often spelt "Duggal". 
People.
Dugal is also a surname of a Marathi family originally given by the rulers of the Peshwa dynasty meaning the third line people in the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20544833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544833" title="Cotta">
Cotta

Cotta is the name of a well-known publishing house of 19th century Germany, primarily developed by businessperson Johann Friedrich Cotta (1764-1832).
Cotta is a surname:
In clothing, "cotta" is also:

</doc>
<doc id="20544836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544836" title="Emmen Bargeres railway station">
Emmen Bargeres railway station

Emmen Bargeres is a former railway station located in Emmen, the Netherlands. It was open from 1 June 1975 until 3 April 2011 and was located on the Emmerlijn (Zwolle - Emmen). The station was operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station was replaced by Emmen Zuid railway station, at another location on the same line.
The station was elevated over a single track bridge over the N391 road.

</doc>
<doc id="20544838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544838" title="Giuseppe Arcidiacono">
Giuseppe Arcidiacono

Giuseppe Arcidiacono (1927-1998) was an Italian physicist. He was born in Acireale and graduated in physics in Catania in 1951. He began working with Luigi Fantappiè on what they called projective relativity at the Istituto Nazionale di Alta Matematica in Rome. In 1958 he won a scholarship to the Istituto H. Poincaré in Paris. He won the mathematics prize from the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei. From 1969 until his death in 1998 he was Professor of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Perugia.
Giuseppe Arcidiacono reasons for being notable:
This translation of: http://www.giuseppearcidiacono.net/biografia.htm
"Giuseppe Arcidiacono, born in 1927 and recently died in 1998, was one of the most brilliant Italian Physics Mathematics of the second postwar period. His most important contribution concerns a general method for the construction of unified field theories in physics...
Since then, physicists have tried, without much success, to repeat the firm Maxwell, looking for a single unified theory and ultimately that was supposed to merge into a single entity, in addition to the electric field and magnetic field, all other fields Known in physics, from gravity to the nuclear industry. The great idea of Arcidiacono, in this respect has been to abandon a priori looking for a unique and definitive theory, to focus, instead, on how to build an entire class of unified theories, arranged in hierarchical order, in so that every theory is the generalization, or perfection, than immediately before. The construction method proposed by him was obtained through a thorough analysis of the logical transition from classical mechanics of Newton to Einstein's Relativity Restricted. This method has enabled him to build two successive generalizations of Restricted Relativity, known as projective Relativity and Relativity Compliant. In the first field is unified with the hydrodynamic field and the second is the unification of the electromagnetic field, as the hydrodynamic and gravitational."
Also notable for the books he has written:
papers:
Arcidiacono cosmologia OR cosmology OR relatività OR relativity author:Arcidiacono
And notable for the number of citations:
Arcidiacono cosmologia OR cosmology OR relatività OR relativity -author:Arcidiacono

</doc>
<doc id="20544854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544854" title="Eleni Andros Cooper">
Eleni Andros Cooper

Eleni Cooper (née Andros; previously Spaulding) is a fictional character on the soap opera "Guiding Light". She was originally portrayed by actress Melina Kanakaredes from April 19, 1991 to March 1, 1995. She was temporarily replaced by actress Wendy Kaplan from December 1994 to January 1995 on a recurring basis. She was currently being portrayed by Jennifer Roszell from March 6, 1995 to Spring 2000, Dec 2001 to Spring 2002 and December 2008 until the show's finale in September 2009.
History.
Eleni is the ex-wife of Alan-Michael Spaulding and Frank Cooper and mother to Marina Cooper. She came to Springfield in 1991 with Stavros Kouperakis and was without a green card so she was looking to get married to she could stay. She fell in love and married the wealthy Spaulding heir, Alan-Michael in 1991, but soon when she had an affair with Frank Cooper, she found herself pregnant. Believing the baby was Alan-Michael's, Eleni stayed with him. But when the truth was reveled she divorced Alan-Michael and married Frank the following year. She'd also give birth to a daughter Marina Nadine Cooper. Frank, Eleni, and Marina would remain a family until late 1999 when Eleni grew fed up with her life style and left Springfield in early 2000 for unknown parts. She returned the following year and parted ways, divorcing Frank to live abroad with Marina. Marina would return in the future as an adult. Eleni returned to Springfield in 2008, permanently being support to her daughter Marina, her husband, A.C Mallet, and others in Springfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20544856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544856" title="Joe Doyle (disambiguation)">
Joe Doyle (disambiguation)

Joe Doyle (1936–2009) was an Irish Fine Gael politician.
Joe Doyle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20544861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544861" title="Leirinmore">
Leirinmore

Leirinmore () is a crofting township in the parish of Durness on the northern coastline of Scotland, in Sutherland, Scottish Highlands. It is in the Scottish council area of Highland. Smoo Cave is located close to Leirinmore.

</doc>
<doc id="20544891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544891" title="Physalacriaceae">
Physalacriaceae

The Physalacriaceae are a family of fungi in the order Agaricales. Species in the genus have a widespread distribution, but most are found in the tropics, particularly in Southeast Asia and Australasia. Molecular studies suggested "Physalacria", formerly the sole genus in this family, is related to the genera "Flammulina", "Xerula", and possibly "Armillaria".

</doc>
<doc id="20544904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544904" title="Marche regional election, 1995">
Marche regional election, 1995

The Marche regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term. 
Vito D'Ambrosio (Democratic Party of the Left) was elected President of the Region, defeating Stefano Bastianoni (Christian Democratic Centre) by a landslide.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20544908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544908" title="Danville Political Club">
Danville Political Club

The Danville Political Club was a debating society based in Danville, Kentucky from 1786 to 1790.
Discovery.
There are very few extant contemporary references to the Political Club. A U.S. army paymaster by the name of Major Beatty wrote in his journal that, while staying in Danville, he and his companions were "very much disturbed by a Political Club which met in the next house where we slept and kept us awake till 12 or 1 o'clock." Also, two letters mentioning the Club were written from Peter Tardeveau, a member of the Club, to two other members. Beyond this, no references to the Club have been found. Whether the Club was meant to be kept secret or the lack of references to it was purely accidental is not known.
The existence of the Club may never have been known if not for the discovery made by Thomas Speed II in 1878. Speed, the grandson of the Club secretary Thomas Speed, discovered a bundle of papers labeled "Political Club papers" while cleaning out his grandfather's desk. The elder Thomas Speed had kept meticulous notes of the Club's activities throughout its existence, though some were scribbled on bits of newspapers and old letters. Speed's grandson published the documents through The Filson Historical Society in 1894.
Membership.
According to the Club's first constitution, new members of the Club had to be elected unanimously. Later, the requirement was lowered to a two-thirds majority. 
Thirty men belonged to the Club at one time or another, though no more than fifteen were ever present at any given meeting. A list of these members follows, with founding members listed in italics:
So prominent were these men in the history of Kentucky that Thomas Speed II opined "Full and complete biographies of some of the members would present a history of Kentucky from the beginning of its settlement past the first quarter of the ensuing century." Eleven different Club members participated in at least one of the ten constitutional conventions that helped separate Kentucky from Virginia. Samuel McDowell was president and Todd was secretary of the 1792 convention that produced the first Kentucky Constitution.
The Kentucky Society for the Promotion of Useful Knowledge was closely associated with the Danville Political Club. Fifteen men were members of both organizations, and some believe the Society was an adjunct of the Danville Political Club. Both organizations were active at about the same time and frequently debated the same or similar subjects.
Meetings.
The first meeting of the Political Club was at the residence of Samuel McDowell on the night of December 27, 1786. The founding members of the Club resolved to invite Muter, Short, Ormsby, Johnson, Tardeveau, Allen, William McDowell, Thomas Speed, and James Overton to join the Club. Also at the first meeting, Innes, Greenup, Belli, and John Brown were tasked with drafting a constitution for the Club. 
While studying at The College of William & Mary, Brown had been a member of the first ever chapter of Phi Beta Kappa, and he borrowed heavily from that organization's constitution. Consequently, by the second meeting, held a week later at the home of Thomas Barbee, Brown was able to present a draft document to the Club. After two readings and several amendments, the constitution was approved.
Initially, meetings took place on Saturday nights at Grayson's Tavern in Danville, although fewer than half of the Club's members were residents of that city. In May 1787, the Club relocated their meetings to the courthouse in Danville and convene at 3:30 PM. Fines were levied against members for being late to meetings, leaving a meeting early, or missing a meeting without an acceptable excuse. (One acceptable excuse was the wooing of a woman, but only if doing so out-of-town.) Six members were considered a quorum, and at each meeting, a president was elected for the duration of that meeting. The Club constitution also called for the election of a secretary and treasurer who would serve until removed or unable to execute their duties. Thomas Speed was chosen as the secretary and Thomas Allin was chosen treasurer at the second meeting.
The topic of debate for each night was selected a month in advance. Some nights, the topic was related to the district of Kentucky's relationship to Virginia; other nights it was national in scope. For several consecutive meetings, the members debated the federal constitution, clause by clause, and suggested amendments. The resulting document was found in Thomas Speed's desk under the title "The Constitution of the United States as Amended and Approved by the Political Club." Perhaps the most remarkable suggestion was offered by George Muter on February 23, 1788: "he Federal Constitution ought to be preceded by a Declaration of Rights!" A committee composed of Innes, Greenup, Belli, Craddock, Todd, and John Brown were charged with drafting such a declaration, but if they carried out this charge, the result has been lost to history.

</doc>
<doc id="20544909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544909" title="Jimmy Gunn">
Jimmy Gunn

Jimmy Gunn (born November 27, 1948 in Augusta, Arkansas) is a retired American football linebacker in the National Football League.
Professional career.
Gunn played for the Chicago Bears, New York Giants and Tampa Bay Buccaneers between 1970 and 1976.
College career.
Gunn was an 1969 All-American defensive end at the University of Southern California. Also was All PAC-8, and in USC's Hall of Fame.
In 1969, he teamed with All-Americans Al Cowlings and Charlie Weaver, and the late Tody Smith and Bubba Scott to form a defensive front that powered the Trojans to 10-0-1 record and a win over the University of Michigan in the 1970 Rose Bowl. Coach John McKay credited a six-man front on defense for the victory, big Tony Terry was added to the group known as the "Wild Bunch" consisting of Jimmy Gunn, Charlie Weaver, Al Cowlings, Tody Smith and Bubba Scott. [http://www.tournamentofroses.com/photogallery/RBGtimeline/1970s.htm]
High school career.
Gunn prepped at Lincoln High School in San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="20544913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544913" title="Momo Kapor">
Momo Kapor

Momčilo "Momo" Kapor (Serbian Cyrillic: Момчило – Момо Капор; 8 April 1937 – 3 March 2010) was a Serbian novelist and painter. Kapor is the author of over forty novels, short stories, travel and autobiographic books and essays. 
He was introduced to the literary circles as the author of radio, TV and theater drama at the beginning of the sixties. 
His novels are on national bestseller lists. Kapor's books are translated to twenty languages. The shorts stories collection "Kinoteka at three" and novels "The green felt of Montenegro" and "The last flight to Sarajevo" were published in French by L'Age d'homme, Lausanne and The Mastery of Slomovic by Xenie, Vevey, Switzerland.
Kapor is also the author of several screenplays.
His paintings were exhibited in New York, Boston, Geneva, Frankfurt, London and other cities. He has also illustrated his own and numerous books by other authors. 
Momo Kapor was a regular member of the Academy of Science and Arts of the Republika Srpska.
Early life.
Kapor was born in 1937 in Sarajevo, Drina Banovina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. His father, Gojko Kapor, was a poor bank clerk, and his mother, Bojana was a housewife. In 1941, during World War II, a bomb fell on the home in which Kapor, his grandmother, and his mother were taking refuge. Kapor’s mother used her body as a shield and, although she was killed, Kapor was able to survive. He reflected back on that day, remembering that even the little cat, which he held in his arms, died. Kapor knew very little about his mother since not much was said in his family. Immediately following World War II, Kapor moved with his family to Belgrade, Serbia where he remained for majority of his life.
Education.
As a young man, Kapor studied painting at the Academy of Art in Belgrade under the guidance of Professor Nedeljko Gvozdenović. Although Kapor graduated with a degree in painting, he had grown fond of writing as a young boy. Therefore, while studying art he also occupied his time with news writing. Kapor would write news articles and interviews and then accompany his writing with his own representative portrait or illustration. It is through this method that Kapor was able to combine his two greatest passions he had in life, painting and writing.
Literary Works.
Kapor is one of the most popular Serbian writers, whose literary phenomenon has spread over three decades. Kapor easily attracted the attention of the public by writing his constant reflections on the reality of the current time. The generations of people from former Yugoslavia were connected through Kapor's writings which have become best sellers in Zagreb's house of "knowledge" and its famous library "hit". 
Kapor also wrote many documentary films, television shows, and novels. His novels, "Una" and "The Book of Complaints" were made into films. These films have been translated into many languages including: French, German, Polish, Czech, Bulgarian, Hungarian, Slovenian, and Swedish. His most famous works include, "Ada", "Zoe", "From Seven to Three", and "The Chronicle of a Lost City".
Artwork.
Kapor has exhibited many of his paintings across various countries such as in the United States, Germany, and France. The reason he preferred to showcase his artwork in foreign countries rather than in Belgrade was that he did not enjoy the "art climate" set in Belgrade. He felt that many great artists in Belgrade were forgotten, whereas in other countries, a new emerging artist does not "erase" those who came before him/her.
Death.
After having two surgeries, Kapor died from throat cancer on March 3, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20544928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544928" title="Michael Hochberg">
Michael Hochberg

Michael Hochberg (born 1980) is an American physicist. He is a professor of electrical and computer engineering, materials science and chemical and biomolecular engineering at the University of Delaware and a visiting professor of electrical and computer engineering at the National University of Singapore. He is also the director of OpSIS. Hochberg was born in Ithaca, NY, and attended high school at the Louisiana School for Math, Science and the Arts. He obtained a BS in Physics in 2002 and a PhD in Applied Physics in 2006, both from the California Institute of Technology. Hochberg was a student of Professor Axel Scherer. 
While an undergraduate, Hochberg founded a software company, Simulant, which sold a distributed implementation of the finite-difference time-domain algorithm. Simulant was later acquired by Luxtera, a photonics component firm co-founded by Hochberg.
Hochberg's research interests include silicon photonics, nonlinear optics, and ultra-low drive voltage optical modulators. He was on the team that first demonstrated that slot waveguides could be combined with electrooptic polymers to obtain exceptionally low drive voltage modulators. Recently, he has demonstrated that this technique can be used to create modulators with drive voltages of 0.25 V, over an order-of-magnitude lower value than what is typically achieved with Lithium niobate based optical modulators. More recently, Dr. Hochberg has been involved in a demonstration that the force of an optical mode in a waveguide could be used to directly actuate a nanomechanical system. Hochberg was awarded the Air Force Office of Scientific Research Young Investigator award in 2007, Hochberg's work has been featured in Nature Materials, Nature, and other journals.

</doc>
<doc id="20544958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544958" title="Clarence Ellis (computer scientist)">
Clarence Ellis (computer scientist)

Clarence "Skip" Ellis (born May 11, 1943, in south Chicago, Illinois) is an American computer scientist, a professor of computer science at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
Childhood.
Ellis had four brothers and sisters who were all raised by their single mother. At 15, Ellis got a job at a local company to help with the family bills. He worked the graveyard shift, working all night long. His main priority was to prevent break-ins and to watch over, but not touch, the company's new computer. In 1958 computers were very rare to own, so the protection of it was imperative. In Ellis's spare time at the insurance company he began to read the computer manuals that came with the machines. He taught himself the intricacies of the computer and became an expert. The computer used punched cards to record and enter data. One day at work, Ellis single-handedly saved the company by fixing a crisis with the computer. They had run out of punch cards, but with a quick change of some of the settings on the computer, he found a way to make the old punch cards work perfectly.In 1964 he received a BS degree major in math and physics, from Beloit College. Clarence Ellis attended graduate school and received his PhD in computer Science from the University of Illinois where he worked on hardware, software, and applications of the IIIiac 4 Supercomputer. Clarence Ellis was the First African American to receive a Ph.D. in Computer Science, in 1969. After his Ph.D., he continued his work on supercomputers at Bell Telephone Laboratories. Ellis has worked as researcher and developer at IBM, Xerox, Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation, Los Alamos Scientific Labs and Argonne National Lab. His academic experience This experience changed his life and threw him into the computer science field.
High school and college.
Throughout high school, Ellis's teachers recommended that he attend summer school programs at the local universities in Chicago. This was his first encounter with college-level students and university life. Though poor, Ellis was able to obtain a scholarship to attend Beloit College in the fall of 1960.
In Ellis's junior year, a computer was donated to the college. He and his chemistry professor were asked to set it up. This single computer was the start of the campus's computer lab. This provided him the opportunity to develop his interest in computing.
Career.
While at Xerox's Palo Alto Research Labs, Ellis helped to develop the icon-based GUI, which later became the basis for Apple's Macintosh and Microsoft's Windows operating systems. He has also worked at AT&T/Bell Labs, IBM, and several large government research facilities. Ellis has lectured at MIT, Stanford University, the University of Texas, and internationally in Taiwan and Paris. As of 2008, Ellis is currently a professor of computer science at the University of Colorado at Boulder.

</doc>
<doc id="20544959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544959" title="Lonemore, Wester Ross">
Lonemore, Wester Ross

Lonemore () is a crofting village on the north shore of Gair Loch near the village of Gairloch, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. Founded by Sir Francis Alexander Mackenzie, 5th Baronet (1798 - 1843) after his succession to the family title in 1826, by 1856 the village was a model of its kind in contrast to the devastation of the Clearances elsewhere. 

</doc>
<doc id="20544969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544969" title="Heart 103.3">
Heart 103.3

Heart Milton Keynes (formerly Horizon Radio) was an Independent Local Radio station for Milton Keynes and North Buckinghamshire. Broadcasting on 103.3FM from the Bow Brickhill transmitter, the station was part of Global Radio's Heart Network. The station's flagship shows were "Heart Breakfast with Wes Venn" and "Heart Drivetime with Lucy Ellis".
History.
The station was launched as Horizon Radio by Chris Pearson in October 1989 as sister station to neighbouring Chiltern Radio and part of The Chiltern Radio Network. It was subsequently rebranded as 'The Hotter Mix' and FM 103. The first song played was "The Only Way Is Up" by Yazz and the Plastic Population. 
The station was later re-branded as FM 103 Horizon before changing back to Horizon Radio in 2006 and finally, Heart in January 2009. The name, Horizon Radio, had no real significance.
Sports coverage.
During the 2008-09 football season, the station's predecessor Horizon Radio secured a deal with the MK Dons football club to broadcast live match commentary for both home and away matches which continued following the Heart rebrand; the Dons competing in the Coca-Cola League 1. Commentary was provided by Mike Burrows. This arrangement was not however continued into the 2009-10 season and is now broadcast on BBC Three Counties Radio. A similar incident occurred on Heart Ipswich, where Ipswich Town FC used a "get-out clause" and handed over commentary rights over to BBC Radio Suffolk. A Heart spokesman said they were pleased with this because speech does not fit in with the Heart format.
Closure.
On 21 June 2010, Global Radio announced plans to merge Heart MK with Heart Northants, Heart Dunstable and Heart Bedford as part of plans to reduce the Heart network of stations from 33 to 16. The new station, "Heart Home Counties", began broadcasting from Dunstable at 10:00am on 16 July 2010 following the final edition of "Heart Breakfast with Wes Venn".

</doc>
<doc id="20544983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544983" title="Martin School of International Studies">
Martin School of International Studies

The Martin School of International Studies at the University of Idaho was created for the purpose of looking into the reasons for war and international disputes, and searching for peaceful solutions to these conflicts. The school works with the University of Idaho's Martin Institute, which preceded the Martin School of International Studies, not only seeks to further the cause of peace within the university, but without as well, primarily through annual Martin Forums it sponsors.
History.
The Martin Institute was founded at the University of Idaho in 1979 as the Martin Institute of Human Behavior. Boyd A. and Grace C.S. Martin are the institute founders. Boyd Martin was raised in Cottonwood, Idaho, and received his bachelor's degree from University of Idaho in 1936. He later earned a doctorate from Stanford University. His wife, Grace, grew up in Spokane, Washington, and graduated from University of California, Los Angeles after spending time at Washington State University. The couple were married in December 1933. With Hitler's accession to power and the prospect of a second world war looming, the Martins discussed the idea of establishing a program which would study the causes of war, and support lasting peace. To this end, they decided to place their life savings of $800 in a fund to support what would later become the Martin Institute. 
Martin Forum.
The Martin Forum brings experts from around the world to University of Idaho each year to share their knowledge with students, faculty and the community. Past forum topics have included the Iraq War, the United States and the United Nations, peace and democracy in the Francophone world and in Africa, the Darfur conflict, global health policy, and international development. Past speakers have include Iraq War photographer Ashley Gilbertson, Rajiv Chandrasekaran of "The Washington Post", and Irish consul-general Emer Deane.
Programs.
The Martin School of International Studies, in conjunction with the Martin Institute, oversees an international studies major and minor at the University of Idaho. The institute provides funding and leadership for the school. The program provides learners with courses in the language, history and culture of a specific region and first-hand exposure through time studying abroad. Students in this discipline focus their research on one of three emphases: International Relations, Global Resources and Development, or International Business and Economics. Other avenues for personal and career development are also encouraged, such as involvement in the Model United Nations, the Martin Speaker Series and Spotlight Seminars, the International Affairs Club and internships provided by the school and institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20545002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545002" title="Alice Cullen">
Alice Cullen

Alice Cullen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20545008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545008" title="Lonemore, Sutherland">
Lonemore, Sutherland

Lonemore () is a village on the north shore of the Dornoch Firth in Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. Skibo Castle is located 0.5 miles to the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20545033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545033" title="Lazio regional election, 1995">
Lazio regional election, 1995

The Lazio regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term. 
Pietro Badaloni (an independent close to the Italian People's Party) was elected President of the region, defeating Alberto Michelini (Forza Italia) by a narrow margin.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20545057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545057" title="John Harryson">
John Harryson

John Harryson (April 17, 1926, in Katrineholm - November 28, 2008, in Stockholm) was a Swedish actor. He was the father of famous Swedish actor and television host Peter Harryson.
For a younger generation John Harrysson was known as the Swedish voice of Scrooge McDuck, Eeyore in Winnie the Pooh, Doctor Snuggles, and the Sheriff of Nottingham in Robin Hood.

</doc>
<doc id="20545075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545075" title="Scarpetta (novel)">
Scarpetta (novel)

Scarpetta is a novel by Patricia Cornwell. It was published in 2008 by G. P. Putnam's Sons. The book is a continuation of Cornwell's popular Kay Scarpetta series.
Synopsis.
Dr. Kay Scarpetta is called in to examine a Bellevue Hospital patient in New York City. The patient, Oscar Bane, tells Scarpetta that he has been framed for a murder he did not commit by somebody who is stalking him.

</doc>
<doc id="20545093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545093" title="Billy Boyo">
Billy Boyo

Billy Boyo (born Billy Theophilus Rowe, September 21, Kingston, Jamaica 1969 – October 29, 2000) was a reggae artist, was probably the most prolific of the early-1980s child MC’s. He is famous for his song "One Spliff a Day".
Biography.
Billy Boyo was still in his teens when he emerged in the early 1980s. In 1983, he (together with Little John and Ranking Toyan) went to London where he linked up with producer Silver Kamel.
Along with the above noted "One Spliff A Day," Billy also charted in 1982 with the Henry Junjo Lawes produced single "Wicked She Wicked." This hit had the added charm of a 13 year old kid-voice on the mic chanting about a wicked girl.
Billy Boyo wasn't a prolific recording artist as he did not record much before or after the tracks for the first two albums and was maybe more known as a live MC. His musical career was short-lived and little was heard of him since the second half of the 1980s. In the early 1980s, rumor spread that Billy Boyo and Little Harry had been shot and killed. However this proved to be untrue. Billy in fact died of a brain tumor on October 29, 2000, after a two month long struggle to beat the disease.
Discography.
"Compilations"

</doc>
<doc id="20545100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545100" title="New Bridgend stadium">
New Bridgend stadium

New Bridgend Stadium is a proposed stadium in Bridgend, Wales. It would be a 15,000 seater multi-sports stadium.
While the driving force behind the proposal are the Crusaders, their Chief Executive David Thompson indicated the stadium would be used for several sports saying "We hope to go into partnership with Bridgend Ravens, Bridgend County Borough Council, maybe Bridgend Football Club and anyone else who wants to be involved in this project". 
It was boosted by the promotion of the Crusaders into the Super League in 2008. 
Two "rival" schemes to provide the stadium have emerged in previous months. 
The first is a "sports village" at Island Farm by local company HD Limited. It will provide a 15000-seater stadium for Crusaders, and smaller stadia for Bridgend Ravens and Bridgend Town. In addition to this, parkland, an extension to Bridgend Science Park, an indoor sports/training centre, a specialist tennis centre and facilities for other sports such as boxing will be provided. An outline application was lodged with Bridgend County Borough Council in September 2009 [http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/south-wales-news/bridgend-maesteg/2009/09/17/island-farm-sports-village-takes-one-step-closer-to-reality-91466-24708682/].
The second scheme is at a brownfield site to the north east of the town centre at Brackla. It is being developed by Wigan-based developers Greenbank Partnerships, who developed Leigh Sports Village and Olympian Homes. Their scheme includes a stadium, hotel, leisure facilities and retail outlets. They hope to regenerate areas of the town centre also. [http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/south-wales-news/bridgend-maesteg/2009/09/03/greenbank-partnerships-and-olympian-homes-in-negotiation-with-bridgend-county-borough-council-over-regeneration-plans-91466-24591738/]. 

</doc>
<doc id="20545124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545124" title="Littleferry">
Littleferry

Littleferry () is a village on the north east shore of Loch Fleet in Golspie, Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20545135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545135" title="Neil Wheeler">
Neil Wheeler

Air Chief Marshal Sir Henry Neil George Wheeler, GCB, CBE, DSO, DFC and bar, AFC (8 July 1917 – 9 January 2009) was a British Royal Air Force officer.
Military career.
Educated St Helen's College in Southsea and the Royal Air Force College Cranwell, Wheeler was commissioned into the Royal Air Force in 1935. He served with Bomber Command from 1937 and then spent part of World War II as Officer Commanding No. 236 Squadron in Fighter Command before going to the RAF Staff College and US Army Staff College in 1943.
After the War he joined the Directing Staff at the RAF Staff College and then transferred to the Far East Air Force in 1947. He was posted to the Directing Staff at the Joint Services Staff College in 1949 and to Bomber Command in 1951 before going to the Air Ministry in 1953. He was appointed Assistant Commandant at the RAF College in 1957 and Officer Commanding RAF Laarbruch in 1959. He attended the Imperial Defence College in 1961 and then served in the Ministry of Defence from 1961. He became Senior Air Staff Officer at Headquarters RAF Germany (2 Tactical Air Force) in 1963 and Assistant Chief of Defence Staff (Operational Requirements) in 1966. He was made Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff (Operational Requirements) in 1967 and Commander of the Far East Air Force in 1969. He was Air Member for Supply and Organisation at the Ministry of Defence from 1970 and then Controller of Aircraft at the Procurement Executive from 1973.
In retirement he became a Director of Rolls Royce Limited.
Family.
In 1942 he married Elizabeth Weightman and then went on to have two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20545142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545142" title="Peter W. Ochs">
Peter W. Ochs

Peter W. Ochs (born 1950) is the Edgar M. Bronfman Professor of Modern Judaic Studies at the University of Virginia, where he has served since 1997. He is an influential thinker whose interests include Jewish philosophy and theology, modern and postmodern philosophical theology, pragmatism, and semiotics. Ochs coined the term "scriptural reasoning" and is the co-founder (with Anglican theologian David F. Ford) of the Society for Scriptural Reasoning, which promotes interfaith dialog among Christians, Jews, and Muslims through scriptural study groups. He is also a co-founder of the Children of Abraham Institute, which promotes interfaith study and dialog among members of the Abrahamic religions.
Biography.
Ochs received his B.A. and Ph.D. from Yale University, and M.A. from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. He has held teaching positions at Drew University, Colgate University, and the University of Maryland, College Park, and has been a Fulbright Senior Lecturer in Philosophy at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a visiting lecturer at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion.
In addition to teaching Modern Judaic Studies at the University of Virginia, Ochs directs Religious Studies graduate programs in "Scripture, Interpretation, and Practice", an interdisciplinary approach to the Abrahamic traditions.
Ochs is a prolific author, having written around a dozen books and hundreds of articles, reviews, and book chapters. He is series co-editor (with Christian theologian Stanley Hauerwas) of "Radical Traditions: Theology in a postcritical key", published by Westview Press/Harper Collins and SCM Press/Eerdmans, and series co-editor (with Stanley Hauerwas and Ibrahim Moosa) of "Encountering Traditions", published by Stanford University Press.
Contribution.
Scriptural reasoning.
Ochs was one of the original members of a small group of Jewish philosophers who called themselves "textual reasoners". Textual reasoning evolved into a larger movement which Ochs dubbed "scriptural reasoning", and Ochs co-founded the Society for Scriptural Reasoning in 1995 together with David F. Ford and Daniel W. Hardy. The goal of the organization is to build consensus and promote reconciliation among Christians, Jews, and Muslims through shared discussion of the scriptures. In a panel discussion on the Public Broadcasting Service with Muslim theologian Mehdi Aminrazavi, professor of philosophy and religion at the University of Mary Washington in Fredericksburg, Virginia, Ochs proposed scriptural reasoning as a new approach to achieving peace in the Arab–Israeli conflict. He observed that all the religious Muslims, Christians and Jews involved in the conflict worship the same God of Abraham, and therefore might be brought together "to share what they believe and to act in relation to what's going on".
In 2008 Ochs founded and became the director of the "1000 Cities Project" for the Society for Scriptural Reasoning, with the goal of establishing Christian-Jewish-Muslim study groups throughout North America.
Peirce, Pragmatism, and the Logic of Scripture.
Ochs criticizes lingering elements of transcendentalism in Charles Peirce as a problematic (and un-pragmatic) conceptualism. Nevertheless, Ochs' own philosophy has a definite regressive ('transcendental') direction, but this regressive movement of thought is always made through abductions whose validity can only be demonstrated in their actual fruitfulness in the context of a particular community of inquiry.  Ochs' pragmatism privileges the late Peirce of 1905 lectures on Pragmaticism and concomitant texts.  For Ochs, Peirce's Critical Common-Sensism means that only real doubts may be productive of inquiry, and these doubts can be resolved only with respect to vague but indubitable habits. 'Indubitable' beliefs remain fallible, however, in the sense that later inquiry might give us cause to doubt them. For Ochs', then, the synthetic a priori is transformed into fallibilistic common-sense principles.  
Ochs also insists on a mathematical-diagrammatic dimension to Peirce's thought, a dimension that Ochs' theological interpreters have tended to neglect.  Mathematics is the science of the possible (not, as for Kant, the science of the necessary forms of intuition, i.e. of real objects). All new ideas are, strictly speaking, mathematical; but these ideas can only be validly applied to real experience through the logic of scientific inquiry.
Ochs argues that Peirce discovers, late in his career, that pragmatism must always take the form of self-critique (which includes critique of Peirce's own historical roots—Kant, Descartes, scholastic).  Textually, this claim is based largely on Peirce's genre choices: his use of autobiography to introduce his pragmaticism and his use of the dialogue form to present his pragmaticism as a response to the errors of would-be pragmatists.  Philosophically, Ochs' insistence that inquiry be rooted in a particular community of inquiry seems itself to be rooted in a few basic features of Peirce's thought:
1. The insistence on real doubts, i.e. doubts that arise in the context of a particular organism's problem, ultimately manifested through some suffering.  This problem will be context- and tradition-specific (although with greater or lesser generality).
2. The irreducibly vague character of signs, including our indubitable perceptions and corrective A-reasonings.  Vague signs which 'await further determination in terms of some other signs' can only be determined in a particular context (which is to say, in a dialogic relation to other signs).  For this reason, the clarification of vagueness cannot take place without specification of a particular context and a process that is semiotically equivalent to commentary.  
Children of Abraham Institute.
In 2002 Ochs co-founded and became co-director of The Children of Abraham Institute (CHAI), which promotes interfaith scriptural scholarship as a means for fostering peace and harmony. The institute maintains centers at the St Ethelburga's Centre for Reconciliation and Peace, London; the Cambridge Inter-faith Programme; and student study groups at the University of Cambridge, University of Virginia, and Eastern Mennonite University.
"Dabru Emet".
Ochs was one of the four drafters (together with David Novak, Tikva Frymer-Kensky, and Michael Signer) of a full-page advertisement which appeared in the Sunday, 10 September 2000 edition of "The New York Times", titled ""Dabru Emet" (Speak Truth): A Jewish statement on Christians and Christianity", which publicized eight theological statements. The statement was signed by more than 150 rabbis and Jewish scholars from across the religious spectrum.
Editorial work.
Ochs is the founding editor of the "Journal of Scriptural Reasoning", founded in 2001, and editor and chair of the editorial board of the "Journal of Textual Reasoning" since 2002.
Also in 2001, he founded and serves as co-editor for the electronic journal "La Pensee Juive de Langue Francaise". He is a member of the editorial board of "Modern Theology" (since 1993), "Theology Today" (since 2006), and "CrossCurrents" (since 1991).
Personal.
He is married to Vanessa L. Ochs, Professor in the Department of Religious Studies and Jewish Studies Program at the University of Virginia and a published author. They have two grown daughters, Elizabeth and Juliana.

</doc>
<doc id="20545153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545153" title="Enschede De Eschmarke railway station">
Enschede De Eschmarke railway station

Enschede De Eschmarke is a railway station in eastern Enschede, The Netherlands. The station opened on 18 November 2001 and is on the Zutphen–Glanerbeek railway. The connection to Gronau was re-opened in 2001. The station is operated by Deutsche Bahn.
According to the 2005 RailPro survey in the Netherlands, this station is the least used station in the Netherlands, with an average of just 57 passengers per day.
Train services.
The following services call at Enschede De Eschmarke:

</doc>
<doc id="20545163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545163" title="1998 Great American Insurance ATP Championships – Singles">
1998 Great American Insurance ATP Championships – Singles

Pete Sampras was the defending champion, but lost in the final this year.
Patrick Rafter won the title, defeating Sampras 1–6, 7–6(7–2), 6–4 in the final.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20545170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545170" title="Charlie Swan">
Charlie Swan

Charlie Swan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20545187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545187" title="Emanuel Rackman">
Emanuel Rackman

Rabbi (Menachem) Emanuel Rackman ( "Menachem 'immanuel Raqman"; June 24, 1910, Albany – December 1, 2008) was an American Modern Orthodox Rabbi, who held pulpits in major congregations and helped draw attention to the plight of "Refuseniks" in the then-Soviet Union and attempted to resolve the dilemma of the "Agunah", a woman who cannot remarry because her husband will not grant a "Get", the required religious divorce degree that would free her to remarry under "Halacha".
Rackman was born in Albany, New York on June 24, 1910. He graduated from the Talmudical Academy in 1927, as its valedictorian. Rackman asked for a one-year deferral from Columbia University, and spent the entire year working towards "semicha" at Yeshiva University (YU), where he was in the "shiur" of Rabbi Moshe Soloveichik. The following year he started splitting his time, spending half of each day at Columbia and the other half at YU. He earned a bachelors degree from Columbia University in 1931 and was awarded a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1933; He was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy from Columbia in 1953. During that time, he also studied for and received his "semicha" from the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary of Yeshiva University, which was awarded in 1934, signed by Rabbis Samuel Belkin and Moshe Soloveichik. 
Rackman practiced law for 9 years before his religious service in the military. During that period, he would serve for occasional weekends as a Rabbi at communities in Glen Cove and Lynbrook, New York. Rackman entered service during World War II in the United States Army Air Forces in 1943 as a chaplain. He served as a military aide to the European Theater of Operations special adviser on Jewish affairs, where his experiences with survivors of the Holocaust influenced his decision to pursue the rabbinate.
Rackman was the eighth in as many generations to earn rabbinic ordination, but the first to earn a living as a Rabbi. He said that "it was my father's hope that I would continue the family tradition, insofar as I could be both learned in the Jewish tradition while making a living in another way".
In the 1950s, the United States Air Force Reserve denied Rabbi Rackman's security clearance, citing him as a "bad risk". In a 1977 profile in "The New York Times", Rabbi Rackman cited his opposition to the death penalty for Julius and Ethel Rosenberg and his support for Paul Robeson as factors behind the decision. Offered the opportunity to resign or face a military tribunal, the Rabbi chose a court martial, where he was acquitted and was shortly thereafter promoted from major to lieutenant colonel.
Rackman served as Rabbi at "Congregation Shaarey Tefila", then in Far Rockaway, Queens, which granted him a lifetime contract in 1952. In 1967, after 20 years at Shaarey Tefilla, he accepted a position as Rabbi of the Fifth Avenue Synagogue in Manhattan to succeed Rabbi Immanuel Jakobovits, who had been elected to serve as Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth. He was elected by his peers as president of the New York Board of Rabbis in 1955. He also served as president of the Rabbinical Council of America.
After a trip to Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union in 1956 as part of a group from the Rabbinical Council of America, Rackman was part of a group of New York-area Rabbis who reported that their experience "leads us to the melancholy conclusion that Judaism in Russia is seriously threatened with extinction", despite improvements in the preceding years for Soviet Jewry. The group noted that the conditions for Jews in Poland were far better, with a government that was actively friendly with the Jewish community there.
In 1970 he was named as provost of Yeshiva University. He was named the president of Bar-Ilan University in 1977, and served as the school's chancellor until his death.
Rackman worked to address the situation of "agunot" through the establishment in the early 1990s of the "Beit Din L'Ba'ayot Agunot" (Court for the Problems of Chained Women), which annulled the marriages of hundreds of women, freeing them to remarry. The court, and its methodology, was widely criticized by other Orthodox rabbis, many of whom would refuse to officiate at the marriage ceremonies of women whose prior marriage had been ended by this form of annulment. Criticism came from across the Orthodox spectrum, with the Haredi Agudath Israel of America calling the court's halachic basis "spurious" and British Chief Rabbi Jonathan Sacks claiming that Rabbi Rackman's solution exacerbated the problem it was trying to solve.
Personal.
Rabbi Rackman married the former Ruth Fishman in 1930. Rabbi Leo Jung, the bride's uncle, officiated at the ceremony, held at the Jewish Center in Manhattan.
Rabbi Rackman died at age 98 on December 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20545188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545188" title="Trichocyte">
Trichocyte

Trichocyte can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20545189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545189" title="Palatine Maximilian Railway">
Palatine Maximilian Railway

The Palatine Maximilian Railway ("Pfälzische Maximiliansbahn") - sometimes referred to as Maximiliansbahn or just the Maxbahn - is a railway line in southwestern Germany that runs from Neustadt an der Weinstrasse to Wissembourg (German: "Weißenburg") in Alsace, France, with a branch from Winden via Wörth and the "Maxaubahn" to Karlsruhe.
Overview.
It was named by the "Palatine Maximilian's Railway Company", who had built the line, in honour of the reigning King of Bavaria at that time, King Maximilian II.
Built as a transit route, the line acted as part of a long-distance, north-south, trunk route for the first few decades. It lost this important role completely in 1930, whilst the Winden−Karlsruhe section, originally built as a branch, experienced an upturn, as a consequence of which the Winden−Wissembourg section in particular was sidelined. As a result, passenger services on the latter ceased in 1975, but were reinstated in 1997. Goods traffic on the Maximiliansbahn reduced sharply from the 1990s.
Route.
Apart from the Winden–Wörth and Winden–Wissembourg sections the line is double-tracked throughout. From Neustadt to Winden in runs mostly past the vineyards along the German Wine Route in the Palatinate, which however peter out towards the south. The Palatine Forest however remains constantly in its view. On the Winden–Wissembourg section, it passes for most of its length the heathlands, the so-called "cattle belt" ("Viehstrich") and runs along the western edge of the Bienwald forest.
The Winden–Karlsruhe section runs as far as Kandel through farming country and, between Kandel and Wörth cuts through the Bienwald. Crossing the Rhine it passes Rheinauen and the edge of Knielingen, before the former "Hardt Railway" (Graben-Neudorf – Eggenstein – Karlsruhe) joins the Maxbahn and together they run via the stations of Karlsruhe-Mühlburg and Karlsruhe-West to reach Karlsruhe Hauptbahnhof, the city's main station where they end either at platform 1 or 101. Between Wörth and Karlsruhe the line is electrified.
The railway runs through various rural counties ("Landkreise"): The stations from Neustadt an der Weinstrasse to Rohrbach and from Steinfeld to Schweighofen are – with the exception of the independent towns ("Kreisfreie Stadt") of Neustadt an der Weinstrasse and Landau – in the county of Südliche Weinstrasse, the stations from Steinweiler to Maximiliansau Eisenbahnstrasse and Schaidt in the county of Germersheim; the stations from Maxau to Karlsruhe Hauptbahnhof in the city of Karlsruhe, and Wissembourg in the French county (Arrondissement) of Wissembourg in the Département of Bas-Rhin.
History.
Planning and construction.
The first deliberations over the construction of the line go back to 1829. The intention was a trunk route from Strasbourg to Mainz, that would form a counterpart, west of the Rhine, to a railway from Mannheim to Basle. It was discussed at length, whether it was more pressing and desirable to build a route through the uplands from Neustadt via Landau to Wissembourg or to establish a railway line along the Rhine via Speyer, Germersheim and Wörth. The military in particular favoured a course that ran along the edge of the Palatine Forest. In any case the political events of 1848 meant the project came to a standstill.
In January 1850 a brochure appeared in Neustadt an der Haardt (now Neustadt an der Weinstrasse) which pushed for a railway via Landau to Wissembourg and in which it was argued amongst other things should serve the larger townships rather than those immediately alongside the Rhine. In 1852 the decision finally fell in favour of the higher route after expert opinion and studies had been conducted in the spring. On 3 November that same year the Bavarian king, Maximilian II, gave the green light for the construction, by approving the foundation of a limited company ("Aktiengesellschaft"), that was to set the project in motion.
The Maximilian Railway was built by Paul Camille von Denis, who had already been responsible for building the Palatine Ludwig Railway from Saarbrücken to the Rheinschanze (today: Ludwigshafen), from which the railway branched. The cost of building the railway came to four million Gulden in all.
Finally negotiations took place over the land to be used with the communities that the line would affect; in addition railway construction in the area of Landau was particularly difficult, because at that time it there was a fortification on the terrain intended for the railway.
The Maximilian Railway Company era (1855–1909).
On 18 July 1855 the section of line from Neustadt to Landau was opened, the Landau–Wissembourg section followed on 26 November 1855. On 14 March 1864 the Winden–Maximiliansau stretch was opened and on 8 May 1865 the link between Maximiliansau and the Baden Maxaubahn (Karlsruhe–Maxau) was completed. 
In 1867 the Neustadt to Winden section was doubled, primarily to meet the increase in north-south traffic. In 1871 the section between Winden and Wissembourg - now belonging to Germany and renamed "Weißenburg" - was also furnished with a double track. This measure was implemented against the background that the Palatinate was alarmed about the competition for long-distance services, especially from Prussia.
The main station at Landau was rebuilt and considerably expanded in 1872 on the opening of the Lower Queich Valley railway ("Untere Queichtalbahn" - Germersheim–Landau).
Development to 1945.
On 1 January 1909 the Maximilian Railway was transferred, along with the other companies belonging to the Palatinate Railway to the ownership of the Royal Bavarian State Railways.
At that time the Maximilian Railway together with the Ludwigshafen–Strasbourg railway were in competition with the Baden railways for long-distance traffic. The long-haul trains on the Maximilian Railway worked the Amsterdam – Cologne – Bingerbrück – Rockenhausen – Neustadt – Wissembourg – Strasbourg – Basle route. Once the First World War had broken out in 1914, scheduled services came to a standstill in order that the line could be guaranteed for military purposes.
After the end of the war the Alsace was annexed by France under the terms of the Versailles Treaty. In particular the railway, that from 1920 was operated by the Deutsche Reichsbahngesellschaft (DRG), largely lost its importance for long-distance traffic, because from then on most of it switched to the eastern side of the Rhine. the occupation of the Palatinate by the French made operations even more difficult. From 1923 to 1924, a so-called "Regiebetrieb" (i.e. publicly owned but independently run) operation was set up that was answerable to France. The final demise of long-distance services came after the end of French occupation in 1930.
After the end of the 1930s the main services on the Maximilian Railway flowed increasingly towards Karlsruhe, which is why in 1938 a fixed bridge across the Rhine was built between Maximiliansau and Karlsruhe for the first time; in addition the Saarbrücken–München express trains, that previously ran on the Lower Queich Valley railway from Landau to Germersheim, were routed from now on via Winden, Wörth and Karlsruhe. This switch meant that the Winden–Wissembourg section lost its importance, whilst the former branch to Karlsruhe experienced an upturn. At the beginning of 1945 traffic ceased as a result of the end of the Second World War.
The Deutsche Bahn era (since 1945).
After the Second World War the station building at Landau, that had suffered badly from the war, was gradually replaced by a brand new building. The second track on the section of line between Winden and Wörth was dismantled by the French occupying powers. In 1975 the ÖPNV stopped using the Winden–Wissembourg section and it was finally reduced to a single track.
In 1985 express trains from Munich to Saarbrücken started running on the Karlsruhe–Landau line. These trains called at Landau in order to use the "Queichtalbahn" to Saarbrücken. After a shipping accident that occurred in 1987, a new bridge over the Rhine had to be built at Maxau. The bridge was opened on 29 April 1991 with one track and in 2000 was expanded to take a second track because it had become a bottleneck. The second track was opened to traffic on 12 May 2000.
At the beginning of the 1990s the depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk") in Landau was closed and knocked down. Landau marshalling yard also disappeared. In 1994 through traffic from Karlsruhe to Neustadt in Landau was interrupted for several years; instead trains were route via the "Queichtalbahn" Pirmasens–Landau as far as Neustadt. In addition in March 1997 the Winden–Wissembourg line was reactivated.
In 2003 the main station at Neustadt was modernised as part of the introduction of RheinNeckar S-Bahn onto the Palatine Ludwig Railway.
From 1 to 3 October 2005 steam trains belonging to the "Ulmer Eisenbahnfreunde (UEF)" ran on the Maxbahn on the occasion of its 150th anniversary. The steam trains travlled on a circuit: Neustadt – Landau – Winden – Karlsruhe – Graben-Neudorf – Germersheim – Speyer – Schifferstadt – Neustadt and also from Neustadt to Wissembourg. Some hauled the so-called "Silberlings" of the Deutsche Bahn (DB). Kandel station was upgraded just in time for these celebrations.
Operations.
Timetable.
Although through trains run today from Neustadt to Wissembourg, the Neustadt–Winden section today belongs operationally to the Neustadt–Karlsruhe line. The Karlsruhe–Neustadt railway is numbered "KBS 676" and Winden–Wissembourg as "KBS 679".
A Regionalbahn (RB) and a Regionalexpress (RE) train run hourly from Karlsruhe to Neustadt and every hour a Regionalbahn train goes from Neustadt to Wissembourg, it does not stop between Landau and Winden however. The Regionalbahn trains from Karlsruhe to Neustadt stop at all the stations apart from Maximiliansau Eisenbahnstrasse and Maxau. Maximiliansau Eisenbahnstrasse and Maxau are served by the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn (light rail) line S5 (Wörth Dorschberg–Bietigheim-Bissingen), which follows the Maximilian Railway from Wörth to Maxau and switches to street running in the Karlsruhe district of Knielingen.
On Sundays and public holidays from May to October five pairs of long distance regional and excursion trains run:
In addition a pair of trains under the name "Strasbourg Express" runs all year round at weekends without stopping from Neustadt to Strasbourg Gare Centrale.
The Palatine Maximilian Railway can be used in the whole of the Rhineland-Palatinate and French sections with passes issued by the "Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Neckar" including Maximiliansau Eisenbahnstrasse. The "Karlsruher Verkehrsverbund" is valid from Karlsruhe outwards on the entire line as far as Wissembourg and including Maikammer-Kirrweiler, where a transfer fare is available for the journey to Neustadt (Weinstrasse) Hauptbahnhof.
Motive power.
Because the Rhine bridge between Karlsruhe and Wörth was initially a pontoon bridge, locomotives of the Palatine Class T 2.I were employed just to cross the river.
Since 1997 Regionalexpress (RE) trains run on the Maximilians Railway stopping en route in Wörth, Kandel, Winden and Landau. Initially tilting trains of DB Class 611 were used. However they proved very unreliable and were replaced only a few years later by the DB Class 612, which has since been used for most RE trains on the line. 
Since the 1980s DB Class 628 engines have been used for Regionalbahn services, which in turn had replaced the earlier railbuses. DB Class 612 units usually power the Regionalexpress trains, more rarely seen are trains are hauled by DB Class 218 locomotives and comprising red-liveried Silberlings.
Goods traffic.
Between Karlsruhe and Wörth there is a lot of goods traffic to the Wörth flooded gravel pits, the Mercedes-Benz lorry factory there and the Wörth harbour on the Rhine, which is why this section has been electrified since 1974. Between Wörth and Winden, Wissembourg and Winden, and at the junction of Winden to Landau goods traffic has however since reduced to nothing., which is clear from extent of dismantling in the stations at Kandel, Winden, Rohrbach, Landau and Maikammer-Kirrweiler as well as the former station at Schaidt. The stations of Kandel, Winden and Schaidt were formerly very important for the transportation of sugar beet, because there were loading facilities at which the sugar beet could be cross-loaded from farm vehicles onto goods wagons. With the Deutsche Bahn exit from this type of transportation in the nineties the loading facilities were dismantled and the transport of sugar beet to the sugar factories switched to the road.
Apat from the Wörth–Karlsruhe section and Landauer Hauptbahnhof the only remaining industrial branches are in Edenkoben. These have not be used for years however. The stub track in the Edenkoben industrial estate of Seewiesen was completely and irrevocably cut off from the station with the removal of track 3, because the pedestrian underpass was built on its trackbed.
With the introduction of the new electronic signal box at Neustadt part of the wye was removed. Since then goods trains can no longer run directly to Ludwigshafen but must reverse into the main station. Even the passenger train from Pirmasens Hauptbahnhof to BASF has to reverse in Neustadt Hbf as before without stopping to run through from Maikammer-Kirrweiler to Hassloch.
In addition there are in Landau numerous goods sidings, that ran into the town centre that have since completely disappeared, although sometimes the trackbeds are still visible as overgrown paths between the buildings and squares. At midday a goods train still runs daily from Neustadt to Landau.

</doc>
<doc id="20545191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545191" title="Short course swimming at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games">
Short course swimming at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games

Swimming at the 1st Asian Indoor Games was held 13 to 17 November 2005 at the SAT Swimming Pool, Huamark Sports Complex in Bangkok, Thailand. The competition featured 40 short course (25m) events: 20 for males, 20 for females.
Results.
Men.
50 m freestyle.
November 13
100 m freestyle.
November 16
200 m freestyle.
November 14
50 m backstroke.
November 14
100 m backstroke.
November 15
200 m backstroke.
November 16
50 m breaststroke.
November 15
100 m breaststroke.
November 13
200 m breaststroke.
November 17
50 m butterfly.
November 16
100 m butterfly.
November 14
200 m butterfly.
November 15
100 m individual medley.
November 17
200 m individual medley.
November 13
4×25 m freestyle relay.
November 17
4×50 m freestyle relay.
November 15
4×100 m freestyle relay.
November 13
4×25 m medley relay.
November 17
4×50 m medley relay.
November 16
4×100 m medley relay.
November 14
Women.
50 m freestyle.
November 13
100 m freestyle.
November 16
200 m freestyle.
November 14
50 m backstroke.
November 14
100 m backstroke.
November 15
200 m backstroke.
November 16
50 m breaststroke.
November 15
100 m breaststroke.
November 13
200 m breaststroke.
November 17
50 m butterfly.
November 16
100 m butterfly.
November 14
200 m butterfly.
November 15
100 m individual medley.
November 17
200 m individual medley.
November 13
4×25 m freestyle relay.
November 17
4×50 m freestyle relay.
November 15
4×100 m freestyle relay.
November 13
4×25 m medley relay.
November 17
4×50 m medley relay.
November 16
4×100 m medley relay.
November 14

</doc>
<doc id="20545203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545203" title="Trichocyte (algae)">
Trichocyte (algae)

Trichocyte in algae are cells which grow on the outside of the thallus, from which hairs grow.
In algae, trichocytes grow principally over the summer; their growth is mediated by water temperature and day length.

</doc>
<doc id="20545215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545215" title="Premiership of Thaksin Shinawatra">
Premiership of Thaksin Shinawatra

Thaksin Shinawatra was the 23rd Prime Minister of Thailand.
As Prime Minister, Thaksin Shinawatra initiated many distinctive policies affecting the economy, public health, education, energy, drugs and international relations. He gained two landslide re-election victories. Thaksin's policies have been particularly effective at reducing rural poverty and at providing affordable health coverage to the people. Because of this, his main support base has been the rural poor.
His Cabinet was packed with academics, former student leaders, and former leaders of the Palang Dharma Party, including Prommin Lertsuridej, Chaturon Chaisang, Prapat Panyachatraksa, Surapong Suebwonglee, Somkid Jatusripitak, Surakiart Sathirathai, and Sudarat Keyuraphan. Traditional leaders of regional coalitions also became members of his Cabinet.
His government has been frequently charged with dictatorship, demagogy, corruption, conflicts of interest, human rights offences, acting undiplomatically, the use of legal loopholes and hostility towards a free press. A controversial leader, he has also been the target of numerous allegations of lèse majesté, treason, usurping religious and royal authority, selling assets to international investors, religious desecration, and siding with the forces of darkness.
Economic policies.
Thaksin's government designed its policies to appeal to the rural majority of voters, initiating programs such as village-managed microcredit development funds, low-interest agricultural loans, direct injections of cash into village development funds (the SML scheme), infrastructure development, and the One Tambon One Product (OTOP) rural small and medium enterprise development program.
Thaksinomics, Thaksin's economic policies helped to accelerate Thailand's economic recovery from the 1997 Asian financial crisis and reduced poverty. The GDP grew from THB 4.9 trillion at the end of 2001 to THB 7.1 trillion at the end of 2006. Thailand repaid its debts to the International Monetary Fund 2 years ahead of schedule. Between 2000 and 2004, income in the poorest part of the country, the Northeast, rose 40 per cent while nation-wide poverty fell from 21.3 per cent to 11.3 per cent. The Stock Exchange of Thailand outperformed other markets in the region. After facing fiscal deficits in 2001 and 2002, Thaksin balanced the national budget, producing comfortable fiscal surpluses for 2003 to 2005. Despite a massive program of infrastructure investments, a balanced budget was projected for 2007. Public sector debt fell from 57% of GDP in January 2001 to 41% in September 2006. Foreign exchange reserves doubled from US$30 billion in 2001 to US$64 billion in 2006.
However, critics charge that Thaksinomics was little more than a Keynesian-style economic stimulus policy re-branded as something new and revolutionary. Economists from the Thailand Development Research Institute argue that other factors, such as a revival in export demand, were the primary causes behind the economy's recovery. Others charge that the policies got the rural poor "hooked on Thaksin's hand-outs."
Thaksin helped bring part of Thailand's massive underground lottery system into the legal fold by operating a successful numbers game (Thai: หวย) run by the Government Lottery Office. Lottery sales of approx. 70 billion THB (2 billion USD) are used for social projects, including the "One District, One Scholarship" program which provided one student from a low-income family in each district with a scholarship to study overseas. Soon after Thaksin was deposed, the junta banned the lottery, claiming it was a social vice. This lured the poor away from work into gambling addiction. In addition, the Supreme Court ruled that the Cabinet did not have the right to introduce the lottery without due political process. The scholarship program was also stopped. The military junta also claimed that Thaksin's government "mischievously spent the proceeds in any way it saw fit".
The Thaksin government reduced the state's control of the media by privatizing MCOT, a large television and radio broadcaster.
After the 2006 coup, some of Thaksin's economic policies were ended. The OTOP program was rebranded, the Government Lottery Office program was deemed illegal. The government also nationalized several media outlets and energy companies.
Healthcare policies.
Thaksin initiated two key healthcare policies: subsidized universal health care and low-cost universal access to anti-retroviral HIV medication (ARVs). Thaksin's 30-baht/visit universal healthcare program won the applause of the general public, but was criticized by many doctors and officials. Prior to the program's introduction, a large portion of the population had no health insurance and limited access to healthcare. The program helped increase access to healthcare from 76% of the population to 96% of the population. Unfortunately, the program increased workloads for healthcare employees and caused many doctors to switch to higher paying careers. It has been also criticized for being greatly underfunded. The financial losses caused by the program led some hospitals to seek alternative sources of income, leading to a boom in the medical tourism industry, with 1.3 million foreign patients earning Thailand 33 billion THB (approx. 800 million USD) in 2005.
Post-coup Public Health Minister Mongkol Na Songkhla called the 30-baht program a "marketing gimmick" and claimed that the government would stop charging any fees for visits to state hospitals.
During the Thaksin government, the number of people living with HIV/AIDS as well as the overall prevalence rate noticeably declined, as fewer were being infected. Although successful in expanding access to HIV medication, there are concerns that a free trade agreement with the US could endanger Thailand's ability to produce generic HIV treatments.
Thaksin allowed an estimated 2.3 million foreign workers in Thailand to register and seek health coverage under the Thai national healthcare system. They were also eligible for work permits at the end of the registration period, entitling them to full labor protection. Democrat Party Labour Group Committee Pongsak Plengsaeng criticized the move, claiming that it would lead to unemployment amongst Thais.
Anti-drug policies.
Thaksin initiated several highly controversial policies to counter a boom in the Thai drug market, particularly in methamphetamine. After earlier anti-drug policies such as border blocking (most methamphetamine is produced in Myanmar), public education, sports, and promoting peer pressure against drug use proved more or less ineffective, Thaksin launched a multi-pronged suppression campaign that aimed to eradicate methamphetamine use in 3 months. It changed the punishment for drug addicts, set provincial arrest and seizure targets, rewarded government officials for achieving targets, eliminating dealers, and ordered a "ruthless" implementation.
In the first three months, the Human Rights Watch reports that 2,275 people were killed. The Government claimed that only around 50 of the deaths were at the hands of the police. Human rights critics say a large number were extrajudicially executed. The government went out of its way to publicize the campaign, through daily announcements of arrest, seizure, and death statistics.
According to the Narcotics Control Board, the policy was effective in reducing drug consumption, especially in schools.
King Bhumibol, in his 2003 birthday speech, supported Thaksin's anti-drugs approach, although he did request the commander of the police to categorize the deaths between those killed by police and those killed by fellow drug dealers. Police Commander Sant Sarutanond reopened investigations into the deaths, and again found that few of the deaths were at the hands of the police. Thaksins anti-drug approach was widely criticized by international community. Thaksin requested that the UN Commission on Human Rights send a special envoy to evaluate the situation, but said in an interview, "The United Nations is not my father. I am not worried about any UN visit to Thailand on this issue."
After the 2006 coup, the military junta ordered another investigation into the anti-drug campaign. Former Attorney General Kanit Na Nakhon chaired the special investigative committee. "The special committee will be tasked with an investigation to find out the truth about the deaths as well as to identify remedial measures for their relatives", said Justice Minister Charnchai Likhitjittha. The committee found that as many as 1400 of the 2500 killed had no link to drugs. However, while giving the opinion that orders to kill came from the top, the panel failed to establish sufficient evidence to charge Thaksin directly with the murders.
"The Nation" (an English-language newspaper in Thailand) reported on November 27, 2007:
""Of 2,500 deaths in the government's war on drugs in 2003, a fact-finding panel has found that more than half was not involved in drug at all. At a brainstorming session, a representative from the Office of Narcotics Control Board (ONCB) Tuesday disclosed that as many as 1,400 people were killed and labeled as drug suspects despite the fact that they had no link to drugs. ... Senior public prosecutor Kunlapon Ponlawan said it was not difficult to investigate extra-judicial killings carried out by police officers as the trigger-pullers usually confessed.""
Corruption.
Transparency International reported that Thailand's reputation for transparency among business executives improved during the years of the Thaksin government. In 2001, Thailand's Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) was 3.2 (ranked 61), whereas in 2005, the CPI was 3.8 (ranked 59).
However the a study of Worldwide Governance Indicators by World Bank gave lower score on Control of Corruption during 2002-2005, Thaksin's government, compared to 1998-2000 of earlier government.
Thaksin himself has consistently denied any wrongdoing by himself or his Thai Rak Thai party.
In 2008 Thailand's Thaksin Shinawatra has been found guilty of corruption and sentenced to two years in prison by the Thai Supreme Court.
Education policies.
Thaksin implemented a major series of educational reforms during his government. Chief among those reforms was school decentralization, as mandated by the 1997 People's Constitution.
The policy was designed to delegated school management from the over-centralized and bureaucratized Ministry of Education to Tambon Administrative Organizations (TAOs). The plan met with massive widespread opposition from Thailand's 700,000 teachers, who would be deprived of their status as civil servants. There was also widespread fear from teachers that TAOs lack the skills and capabilities required to manage schools. In the face of massive teacher protests and several threats of school closure, Thaksin compromised and gave teachers whose schools were transferred to TAO management two years to transfer to other schools.
Other reforms included learning reform and related curricular decentralization, mostly through greater use of holistic education and less use of rote learning.
To increase access to universities for lower income people, Thaksin initiated the Student Loan Fund (SLF) and Income Contingency Loan (ICL) programs. The ICL granted loans regardless of financial status, and required recipients to start repayments when their salaries reach 16,000 Baht a month, with an interest rate equivalent to inflation from the day the loan was granted. The SLF had an eligibility limit on family income but carried interest of 1%, starting one year after graduation. The programs were merged and the income limit modified after Thaksin's government was overthrown.
Thaksin also initiated the controversial "One District, One Dream School" project, aimed at developing the quality of schools to ensure that every district has at least one high-quality school. The project was criticized, with some claiming that the only beneficiaries were Thaksin and companies selling computers and educational equipment. Many schools also fell deeply into debt in implementing the project, receiving less than adequate financial support from the central government.
In addition, Thaksin altered the state university entrance system. Whereas the former system relied exclusively on a series of nationally standardized exams, Thaksin pushed for a greater emphasis on senior high-school grades, claiming this would focus students on classroom learning rather than private entrance exam tutoring.
Thaksin initiated the Income Contingency Loan program to increase access to higher education. Under the program, needy students may secure a loan to support their studies from vocational to university levels. Thai banks had traditionally not given education loans. Thaksin made Thailand one of the first supporters of Nicholas Negroponte's One Laptop Per Child (OLPC) project, with the Thai Ministry of Education committing to purchase 600,000 units. However, the military junta later cancelled the project.
Energy policies.
In energy policy, the Thaksin government continued the Chuan Leekpai government's privatization agenda, but with important changes. Whereas the Chuan government's post-Asian financial crisis policies sought economic efficiency through industry fragmentation and wholesale power pool competition, Thaksin's policies aimed to create national champions that could reliably support stronger economic growth and become important players in regional energy markets. Thaksin also initiated a policy to encourage renewable energy and energy conservation. Many Thaksin-era energy policies were reversed following the 2006 coup.
South Thailand insurgency.
A resurgence in violence began in 2001 in the three southernmost provinces of Thailand which all have a Muslim, ethnic Malay majority. There is much controversy about the causes of this escalation of the decades long insurgency. Attacks after 2001 concentrated on police, the military, and schools, but civilians have also been targets. Thaksin has been widely criticized for his management of the situation, in particular the storming of the Krue Se Mosque, the deaths of civilian protesters at Tak Bai in Army custody, and the unsolved kidnapping of Muslim-lawyer Somchai Neelapaijit.
In October 2004, 84 Muslim human rights protesters were killed at Tak Bai when the Army broke up a peaceful protest. The many detainees were forced at gunpoint to lie prone in Army trucks, stacked like cordwood. The trucks were delayed from moving to the detainment area for hours. Many detainees suffocated to death due to gross mishandling by the military. After the 2006 coup, the Army dropped all charges and investigations into Army misconduct related to the Tak Bai incident. Thaksin announced an escalation of military and police activity in the region. In July 2005, Thaksin enacted an Emergency Decree to manage the three troubled provinces. Several human rights organizations expressed their concerns that the decree might be used to violate civil liberties.
In March 2005, Thaksin established the National Reconciliation Commission, chaired by former Prime Minister Anand Panyarachun to oversee efforts to bring peace to the troubled South. In its final report released in June 2006, the commission proposed introducing Islamic law and making Pattani-Malay (Yawi) an official language in the region. The Thaksin administration assigned a government committee to study the report, while Muslims urged the government to act faster in implementing the proposals.
Administrative reform.
Ministerial restructuring.
One of the most visible of Thaksin's administrative reforms was the restructuring of government department and ministries, labeled the "big bang." It was hailed as a "historic breakthrough" and "the first major reorganization of ministries since King Chulalongkorn set up Thailand's modern system of departmental government in 1897." Such a restructuring had been studied for years as a means of undermining the perceived rigidities and inertia of the old system, but was never implemented until the Thaksin government.
The restructuring was designed to streamline the bureaucracy and focus it on performance and results. New ministries were carved out in Social and Human Security Development, Tourism and Sports, Natural Resources and Environment, Information and Communication Technology, and Culture.
CEO-governors.
Thaksin transformed the role of provincial governors from ceremonial supervisors of ministry officials to active managers of government policy. Historically, central government ministries operated in the provinces through field offices headed by senior officials, who reported back to Bangkok. The Ministry of Interior appointed provincial governors whose role was largely ceremonial.
A key component of Thaksin's administrative reform policy, "CEO-governors" epitomized Thaksin's "transformation of the operating style of the traditional bureaucracy into a more results-oriented instrument that would be responsive." Piloted in 2001 and introduced in all provinces in October 2003, CEO-governors were put in charge of planning and coordinating provincial development and became accountable for overall provincial affairs. The "CEO governors" were assisted by "provincial CFOs" from the Ministry of Finance who reported directly to each governor. The CEO-Governors were authorized to raise funds by issuing bonds and were given an intensive training course. After the coup, the junta reverted the role of governors.
Foreign policies.
Thaksin was fiercely attacked for tasking diplomats with supporting domestic economic programs, e.g., promoting OTOP products. Surapong Jayanama, former ambassador to Vietnam claiming that Thaksin's policies were "demeaning" and would do little to enhance Thailand's international stature.
Thaksin also initiated negotiations for several free trade agreements with China, Australia, Bahrain, India, and the US. This policy was also criticized, with claims that high-cost Thai industries could be wiped out.
Thailand joined George W. Bush's multinational coalition in the invasion of Iraq, sending a 423-strong humanitarian contingent. It withdrew its troops on 10 September 2004. Two Thai soldiers died in Iraq in an insurgent attack.
Thaksin has also announced that Thailand would forsake foreign aid, and work with donor countries to assist in the development of neighbors in the Greater Mekong Sub-region.
Thaksin has also been attacked by influential former diplomats for acting undiplomatically with foreign leaders. Kasit Pirom, former Thai ambassador to Japan and the United States, noted at an anti-Thaksin rally "When Khun Thaksin went to the United Nations to attend a joint UN-Asean session, he did not behave properly when addressing the session, which was co-chaired by the UN secretary-general and the Malaysian premier. In his address Thaksin did not mention the name of the Malaysian premier". Noted that Kasit Pirom is a member and has a long time close tie with Democratic Party, a major political party opposing Thaksin as it lost few elections to Thai Rak Thai Party.
However, he established close, friendly ties with the Burmese dictatorship, including extending the neighboring country a Bt. four billion credit line so it could conclude a satellite telecom deal with his family business.
Noted that during the time Thaksin was in his office as Prime Minister, he was ambitious to put Thailand as region leader. He proposed, and received with welcome from other South East Asian countries, economic treaty at sub-region level, to promote economic, technology and infra-structure development. Thai government has provided support funding and economic assistance program to her neighbouring country such as Laos, Cambodia.
Thaksin has also been attacked for his support of former Deputy Prime Minister Surakiart Sathirathai's failed campaign to become UN Secretary General.
2005 re-election campaign.
Under the slogans "Four Years of RepairFour years of Reconstruction" and "Building Opportunities", Thaksin and the TRT won landslide victories in the February 2005 elections, sweeping 374 out of 500 seats in Parliament. The election had the highest voter turnout in Thai history.
Suvarnabhumi Airport.
After more than 30 years of planning and debate, the Thaksin government completed the construction of the new Suvarnabhumi Airport. The airport was officially opened a week after the overthrew of the government. It is one of the world's largest airports.
Some members of Thaksin's government were accused of corruption while overseeing the construction of Suvarnabhumi Airport, the case is still under investigation.
Other criticisms.
There have also been complaints that Thaksin-appointed relatives to senior positions in the civil service and independent commissions, for example by elevating his cousin, General Chaiyasit Shinawatra, to Army commander-in-chief.
In August 2002, he was promoted from Deputy Commander of the Armed Forces Development Command to become Deputy Army Chief. Both General Chaiyasit and Defense Minister General Chavalit Yongchaiyudh denied charges of nepotism at the time. General Chaiyasit replaced General Somthad Attanan as Army commander-in-chief. However, General Chaiyasit was replaced by General Prawit Wongsuwan in August 2004, after only a year in office. His replacement was in response to an escalation of violence in southern Thailand. Prawit was succeeded by Sonthi Boonyaratglin in 2005.
Thaksin was also accused of interference after the Senate appointed Wisut Montriwat (former Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance) to the position of Auditor General, replacing Jaruvan Maintaka.
Respected former Thai ambassador to the UN Asda Jayanama, in an anti-Thaksin rally, claimed that Thaksin's two state visits to India were made in order to negotiate a satellite deal for Thaksin's family-owned Shin Corporation. The accusation was countered by Foreign Minister Kantathi Suphamongkhon, who attended the state visits with Thaksin.
Thaksin's government has been accused of exerting political influence in its crackdown on unlicensed community radio stations.
Thaksin often faced harsh comparisons. Social critic Prawase Wasi compared him to AIDS, Privy Council President Prem Tinsulanonda and Senator Banjerd Singkaneti compared him to Hitler, Democrat spokesman Ong-art Klampaibul compared him to Saddam Hussein, and the newspaper "The Nation" compared him to Pol Pot.
Thaksin has been engaged in a series of lawsuits brought by American businessman William L Monson regarding a cable-television joint venture the two partnered in during the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20545256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545256" title="Bergen Peninsula">
Bergen Peninsula

Bergenshalvøyen (lit. "the Bergen peninsula") is a peninsula in the county of Hordaland, Norway. It is delimited by the fjords of Samnangerfjorden, Bjørnafjorden, Fusafjorden, Raunefjorden, Salhusfjorden, Sørfjorden and Korsfjorden, and connected to the rest of mainland Norway by a narrow (6.5 km broad) strip of land between Trengereid and Årland. The municipalities of Bergen (465 km2), Os (140 km2) and parts of Samnanger are located on the peninsula. The highest point on Bergenshalvøyen is Gullfjellet, at 987 metres above sea level.
Geography.
The primary mountain region within Bergen "kommune" is Gullfjellet, with Gullfjellstoppen as the highest peak (987m). A number of lower peaks are found on - or connects logically to the Gullfjellet massif. Another significant mountain plateau, Ulriken - Vidden - Rundemanen, is found just east of the city of Bergen - Norway's 2nd largest city. Sveningen is another massif south of Gullfjellet, bordering to Samnanger and Os kommuner. Additionally, a number of smaller mountains and forest hills are scattered around within the Bergen kommune boundaries. All of the mountains are found on the Bergen peninsula, as defined by west of hwy 7
All of the mountains are highly accessible to the public, seen in light of road access, trail systems and low difficulty. Both Gullfjellet and the Ulriken - Vidden - Rundemanen massif by Bergen are popular in all seasons. The Ulriken - Vidden - Rundemanen massif also offer easy access through gondola and funicular. The leveled plateau between Rundemanen and Ulriken is excellent for skiing in winter, providing the snow stays.
Those who seek behind the public trails will also find interesting routes on the massifs mentioned above. You will even find good scrambling opportunities very near Bergen through the ridges on Søre Midtfjell and on the north side of Ulriken.
Transport.
Bergen Peninsula has many roads, including many highways. Today there are only highways to Åsane, Loddefjord from the city center, in addition to a short strip of Fjøsanger to Lagunen. It is therefore planned to Nordhordland motorway bridge, the very north of the Bergen peninsula and to Osøyro very south of the Bergen Peninsula, in addition to the highway to Bergen Airport, Flesland, Arna and Sotra. There are rail connections in Ulriken to Arna from the city center and on to Oslo. It has also previously been a railway line from Nesttun and Os, called Nesttun-Os Railway. Bergen Airport, Flesland, located southwest of the peninsula has air connections to other airports in Norway as well as Europe and Asia. This airport serves as main airport for nearly 600 000 people and had 5 million passengers in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20545258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545258" title="Health Information National Trends Survey">
Health Information National Trends Survey

The Health Information National Trends Survey (HINTS) is a biennial, cross-sectional, nationally-representative survey of American adults sponsored by the National Cancer Institute. HINTS provides publicly available data on American adults' knowledge of, attitudes toward, and behaviors related to cancer prevention and control and communication. 
The survey provides updates on changing patterns and needs related to communication and health, identifies changing health communications trends and practices, assesses cancer information searching, sources used, and search experiences and provides information about how cancer is perceived by the public.
The HINTS data collection program provides national-level surveillance on health communication in the context of cancer prevention and control. HINTS data are publicly available and a large community of HINTS data users examines questions including how adults 18 years and older use different communication channels (e.g., the Internet) to obtain vital health information for themselves and their loved ones and the experiences people have when they search for cancer information. Program planners can use the data to overcome barriers to health information access and usage and to obtain data to help them create more effective communication strategies. Finally, social scientists use the data to refine theories of health communication and to recommend methods to reduce the burden of cancer.
HINTS data are available for public use and can be downloaded from the National Cancer Institute. As a national-level surveillance vehicle for cancer and health communication, HINTS can make valuable contributions to the larger cyberinfrastructure devoted to health and may potentially be leveraged with other national-level surveys (e.g., The Center for Disease Control and Prevention's Behavioral Risk Factors Surveillance Survey and National Health Interview Survey) to gauge the effects of policy changes on population health.
HINTS Surveys.
HINTS 2003.
The first HINTS data (HINTS 2003) were collected between October 2002 and April 2003 via a Random Digit Dial (RDD) telephone survey using a Computer Assisted Telephone Interview (CATI) format to accommodate complex skip-patterns based on respondent's answers. Data were collected from 6,369 respondents.
HINTS 2005.
HINTS 2005 data were collected from February 2005 through August 2005. HINTS 2005 also used RDD/CATI and identical data collection procedures. Data were collected from 5,586 respondents.
HINTS 2007.
HINTS 2007 data were collected from December 2007 through May 2008. The sample design for HINTS 2007 consisted of "two samples" with each sample selected from a separate sample frame. One sample used the same RDD/CATI methodology as prior surveys. Survey administration averaged 30 minutes per respondent. Data were collected from 4,092 respondents.
The second sample was selected from United States Postal Service address administrative records. After the CATI instrument was modified to produce a printed questionnaire, the survey and a cover letter were sent to the address sample. All adults at each sampled address were asked to return the completed questionnaire in a postage-paid envelope. Data were collected from 3,582 respondents. Data from both surveys became available for public use in February 2009 along with a Final Report. HINTS 2007 CATI Instruments,
There is content in HINTS 2007 that is new to the survey, including items that focus on use of social networking media, personal health records, health services utilization, and patient provider communication.
http://www.cancer1122.blogspot.com
HINTS knowledge products.
Three categories of HINTS knowledge products are available: books/reports, HINTS briefs, and overview materials.
Finally, the HINTS overview materials include a HINTS brochure and a HINTS fact sheet. These overview materials can be useful to researchers presenting HINTS data at conferences when explaining their methodological approach.

</doc>
<doc id="20545269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545269" title="Lealt, Skye">
Lealt, Skye

Lealt () is a crofting settlement on the western coastline of the Sound of Raasay on the Trotternish peninsula of Skye, in the Highlands of Scotland and the council area of Highland. The River Lealt which gives its name to Lealt, passes through on the way to the Sound of Raasay.
See also.
Lealt Valley Diatomite Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20545294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545294" title="Campania regional election, 1995">
Campania regional election, 1995

The Campania regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
Antonio Rastrelli (National Alliance) was elected President of the Region, defeating Giovanni Vacca (Democratic Party of the Left) and incumbent Giovanni Grasso (Italian People's Party).
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term. This is precisely what happened in 1999, when a centre-left majority supported by dissidents of the centre-right, who had formed the Democratic Union for the Republic, ousted Rastrelli and replaced him with centre-right dissident Andrea Losco.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20545309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545309" title="Fourth Nat Bank of St Louis v. Stout">
Fourth Nat Bank of St Louis v. Stout

Fourth Nat Bank of St Louis v. Stout, , was a suit in equity begun by Stout, Mills & Co., judgment creditors of the Yeager Milling Company, to recover from the Fourth National Bank their pro rata share of certain property of the debtor company which was in the hands of the bank.
The bank claimed rights to the property, and denied liability to account to any of its creditors. The only questions in the case were: (1) whether the bank held the property, or the proceeds thereof, in trust for the creditors of the company, and if so (2) what was the pro rata share of the complainants. No decree was asked for any more than this share. The bank in its answer did not seek affirmative relief.
Upon the hearing, the court found that the bank did hold certain property in trust for the creditors, and sent the case to a master to ascertain the share of the complainants therein. In the interlocutory decree to this effect, leave was given other creditors to intervene pro interesse suo for the recovery of their respective pro rata shares of the trust property. Upon the coming in of the master's report, a final decree was entered:
"That the said complainants and the several intervenors severally have and recover of defendant, the Fourth National Bank of St. Louis, the several sums hereinafter stated, being the several pro rata shares, as ascertained by the said report of the special master pro hac vice, in the assets of the Yeager Milling Company, heretofore found by the interlocutory decree herein of October 30, 1882, to have been wrongfully appropriated by said Fourth National Bank, as follows:"
The bill was also dismissed as to all the defendants except the bank, and as to the bank except to the extent of the decree, in favor of the several creditors as above, such dismissal being "without prejudice to any claims or rights and claims of any defendant, as against each other, connected with the matters set forth in the master's report."
From this decree the bank appealed, and the appellees, the several creditors in whose favor the decree was rendered, now move to dismiss because the value of the matter in dispute between the bank and the several appellees does not exceed $5,000.
Chief Justice Waite delivered the opinion of the Court. 
The case was dismissed.

</doc>
<doc id="20545318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545318" title="Vampire Killer (disambiguation)">
Vampire Killer (disambiguation)

Vampire Killer is the 1986 "Castlevania" game.
Vampire Killer may also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20545320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545320" title="Charles Tuzzo">
Charles Tuzzo

Charles "Chuckie" Tuzzo (born November 22, 1933) is a New York mobster who is a capo with the Genovese crime family.
Criminal career.
A reputed captain in the Genovese crime family upon the takeover by Vincent "Chin" Gigante in the 1980s, Tuzzo's criminal activities were mostly white collar crimes in Manhattan, Queens and Brooklyn. In the early 1990s, Tuzzo, former acting boss Liborio "Barney" Bellomo, and capo Ernest "Ernie" Muscarella participated in several lucrative pump-and-dump stock schemes.
Controlling the ILA.
In 1997, Gigante was convicted of federal racketeering charges and sentenced to 12 years in prison. With Bellomo incarcerated on similar charges and reputed Consigliere Dominick "Quiet Dom" Cirillo resigning, Muscarella became Genovese acting boss. His rise would also increase Tuzzo's influence in the Manhattan faction. In the late 1990s, Tuzzo, Muscarella and other members of the family dominated the International Longshoremen's Association (ILA) and began extorting companies such as Orex Gold Mines Corp. operating on the piers in the New York City and New Jersey metropolitan area, and in Miami, Florida. Tuzzo's other criminal activities included bid rigging, loansharking and racketeering.
Indictments.
In January 2002, Tuzzo, Muscarella, and Gigante were indicted on federal racketeering, conspiracy and extortion charges. The Genovese family had gained control of International Longshoremen's Association (ILA) locals in New York, New Jersey, and Miami, Florida. They used this power to extort money from shipping container repair companies and other waterfront-related businesses. Additional charges against the defendants also brought in evidence of extorting the Laborer International Union of North America, Teamsters Local 32B/J of the Building Services Workers Union and the Mason Tenders District Council of Greater New York. On April 7, 2003, Tuzzo pleaded guilty to extortion conspiracy. He was later sentenced to five years in prison. Tuzzo was released from prison on February 2, 2006. As part of his plea agreement, Tuzzo is prohibited from participating in the ILA or any waterfront-related business.

</doc>
<doc id="20545329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545329" title="Rochester Thunder">
Rochester Thunder

Rochester Thunder was an American soccer team based in Rochester, Minnesota, United States. Founded in 2008, the team played in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, in the Heartland Division of the Central Conference. The franchise folded at the end of the 2010 season and left the league thereafter. 
The team was originally part of the official development system of the Minnesota Thunder former USL First Division franchise. They played their home games at RCTC Stadium on the campus of Rochester Community and Technical College. The team's colors were blue, white and silver.
History.
The Thunder joined the PDL in 2009, and played their first ever game on May 9, 2009, away at Des Moines Menace. The Thunder lost game 2-1, with the first goal in franchise history being scored by Brian Pederson.
The team was initially suspended from the USL PDL after their parent team, the Minnesota Thunder left the USL for the new North American Soccer League. However, the team was re-admitted to the PDL in 2010, and continued to compete.
Following the conclusion of the 2010 season the Thunder folded their operations. In a statement released on November 15, 2010 Thunder owner Dan Penz said "Due to unfortunate circumstances, the Rochester Thunder will no longer be able to continue. With the economy the way it is and only a handful of sponsors we could not make it work financially. This is a hard decision, but one that needed to be made".
Players.
Final roster.
This list is a historical record of the final group of players on the last Thunder roster for their final game in August 2010. "Source:" [http://www.uslsoccer.com/teams/2010/20204268.html#STATS]
Notable former players.
"This list of notable former players comprises players who went on to play professional soccer after playing for the team in the Premier Development League, or those who previously played professionally before joining the team."
Average attendance.
Attendance stats are calculated by averaging each team's self-reported home attendances from the historical match archive at http://www.uslsoccer.com/history/index_E.html.

</doc>
<doc id="20545360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545360" title="Mori (restaurant)">
Mori (restaurant)

Mori (1883 or 1884 - 1937 or 1938) was a Greenwich Village eating establishment that featured Italian cooking. It became bankrupt during the aftermath of the Great Depression. Its building later housed the Bleecker Street Cinema.
History.
The building at 144-146 Bleecker Street in New York City's Greenwich Village was originally built in 1832 as two rowhouses. Placido Mori converted 144 into the restaurant Mori in 1883 or 1884. As architecture historian Christopher Gray wrote,
The restaurant began as a small bar and eatery and expanded to fully occupy a "rambling, old-fashioned" five-story building near Sixth Avenue (Manhattan). It survived the Prohibition era and the worst years of the Great Depression, when it was temporarily padlocked. 
Mori closed in 1937, and Placido Mori filed a petition for bankruptcy in early January 1938, stating that the corporation had no assets and liabilities totaling $70,000. The building formerly occupied by Mori was sold by Caroline Bussing through A.Q. Orza, broker, in October 1943.
Mori's gravesite in Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx is marked with a sculpted memorial designed by Hood and sculptor Charles Keck.

</doc>
<doc id="20545378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545378" title="2006 Celtic Crusaders season">
2006 Celtic Crusaders season

This article is about the 2006 season of the Crusaders in the National League Two, Challenge Cup & Northern Rail Cup competitions.
Statistics.
Tries
Goals
Points
Appearances

</doc>
<doc id="20545404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545404" title="Knots in Washington">
Knots in Washington

Knots in Washington is an international conference on knot theory and its ramifications held once or twice per year since 1995. The main organizers are Józef Przytycki and Yongwu Rong, both at George Washington University.
This conference has become an important topological event in the Washington Metropolitan Area and regularly attracts participation of many well known topologists from other areas of the US and from other countries. For example, Knots in Washington XVIII, held in May 2004, was the first conference fully devoted to the Khovanov homology, with Mikhail Khovanov giving a series of talks and leading experts, Dror Bar-Natan, Lev Rozansky, and Oleg Viro giving plenary talks. Knots in Washington XX was dedicated to the 60th birthday of Louis H. Kauffman. Moreover, there were three major conferences, including Knots in Poland in 1995 and 2003, and Knots in Hellas in 1998 with Fields Medal winner Vaughan Jones talking about his work on knot invariants.

</doc>
<doc id="20545407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545407" title="Abruzzo regional election, 1995">
Abruzzo regional election, 1995

The Abruzzo regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term. 
Antonio Falconio (Italian People's Party) was elected President of the Region, defeating Piergiorgio Landini (Forza Italia) by a narrow margin.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20545426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545426" title="Enschede Drienerlo railway station">
Enschede Drienerlo railway station

Enschede Drienerlo is a railway station in Enschede, the Netherlands. The station was opened in 1996 and is on the Zutphen–Glanerbeek railway. The station is directly next to FC Twente Football Stadium. The station is also used by University students, who can use bus service 1 into the campus of University of Twente. The station is named after the former Drienerlo estate, where the campus was built.
Train services.
The following services call at Enschede Drienerlo:

</doc>
<doc id="20545447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545447" title="Hermann Pundt">
Hermann Pundt

Hermann Johannes Gustav Pundt (28 August 1928 – 15 September 2000) was a leading architectural historian and Professor in the University of Washington Department of Architecture.
Pundt was born and raised in Berlin, Germany. In 1944, at age 16, he began service as a Naval Cadet. He fought in the defense of Berlin against the Russian army in 1945. After his capture by the Russians, he escaped from a P.O.W. camp the following December. Pundt came to the United States in 1951. He was drafted to serve in the Korean War with an aerial intelligence unit of the U.S. Marine Corps. He was naturalized as a U.S. citizen in 1954. 
In 1955, Pundt began the study of architectural engineering, design and history at the University of Colorado. From 1957 to 1960 he studied history of art and architecture at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he received his B.A. and M.A. degrees in 1960. In 1960-61 he traveled in Europe, supported by the Mary McLean Travel Scholarship. Pundt went on to Harvard University where he earned his Ph.D. with Distinction from the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences in June 1969; his dissertation was supervised by Professors James S. Ackerman and Eduard F. Sekler. 
From 1962 to 1968, Pundt taught at the University of Illinois, at both the Urbana and Chicago campuses. He was the founder of the Committee on Architectural Heritage, a University of Illinois student/faculty organization that fought for the preservation of Frank Lloyd Wright’s Frederick Robie House. He also participated in the fight to save H. H. Richardson’s John J. Glessner House in 1966. 
Pundt moved to Seattle in 1968 to join the faculty of the Department of Architecture at the University of Washington. He was promoted to full Professor in 1973. He received a joint appointment in the School of Art, Division of Art History in 1976. He was also a member of the faculty of the College of Architecture & Urban Planning (now College of Built Environments) Certificate Program in Historic Preservation. 
Pundt was an inspirational teacher, he offering courses in architectural history and historic preservation. He also taught in the UW Architecture in Rome program in 1977 and 1987, and he taught at the Technische Universitat, Berlin, in 1974-75 (as a Fulbright Senior Lecturer), and at Tokyo Institute of Technology in 1982. He was an invited speaker at various schools in the U.S., Europe and Japan. 
Pundt’s published scholarship addressed nineteenth century Prussian architect, Karl Friedrich Schinkel (1781-1841). His publications included "Schinkel’s Berlin: A Study in Environmental Planning" (1972; German edition 1981; Japanese edition, 1985), and he was a principal contributor and co-author for "Karl Friedrich Schinkel: Sammmlung Architektonischer Entwürfe" (Collection of Architectural Designs) (1982, and subsequent editions). Through his involvement with the Committee on Architectural Heritage, he was the instigator of an exhibition and associated catalogue, "Frank Lloyd Wright: Vision and Legacy" (1967). 
Pundt's preservation interests led to his involvement in US/ICOMOS (International Council on Monuments and Sites). Beginning in 1990, he was a member of the Gesellschaft des Wiederaufbaus der Frauenkirche, Dresden, a citizen initiative for the reconstruction of Dresden’s famous Church of Our Lady, destroyed in 1945. After German reunification, he lectured and consulted on preservation projects such as the Palace and Gardens of Sanssouci in Potsdam, the Bauhaus in Dessau, and the reconstruction of historic Dresden. 
Pundt was the recipient of multiple awards including: Karl Friedrich Schinkel Medal (Bauakademie, Berlin, 1981), Victor Steinbrueck Chair (University of Washington College of Architecture & Urban Planning, 1983), Lionel Pries Teaching Award (voted by students in the UW College of Architecture & Urban Planning (now College of Built Environments), 1985), University of Washington Distinguished Teaching Award (1992), and Order of Merit, First Class, of the Federal Republic of Germany (1992).
In June 1996, Pundt retired after more than 35 years as a university faculty member, but continued to teach on a reduced schedule. He died on September 15, 2000, in Donauwoerth, Germany.
Pundt is remembered by former students for his inspirational presentations on architecture and preservation. He was an advocate of the arts and humanities in the face of what he perceived as an increasing academic and societal emphasis on science and technology. 

</doc>
<doc id="20545450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545450" title="FG syndrome">
FG syndrome

FG syndrome (FGS; also known as Opitz–Kaveggia syndrome) is a rare genetic syndrome linked to the X chromosome and causing physical anomalies and developmental delays. First reported by Opitz and Kaveggia in 1974, its major clinical features include retardation, hyperactivity, hypotonia (low muscle tone), and a characteristic facial appearance including macrocephaly (an abnormally large head).
Characteristics.
FG syndrome's major clinical features include mental retardation, usually severe; hyperactive behavior, often with an outgoing personality; severe constipation, with or without structural anomalies in the anus such as imperforate anus; macrocephaly; severe hypotonia; a characteristic facial appearance due to hypotonia, giving a droopy, "open-mouthed" expression, a thin upper lip, a full or pouting lower lip, and partial or complete loss of the corpus callosum. About a third of reported cases of individuals with FG syndrome die in infancy, usually due to respiratory infection; premature death is rare after infancy.
Genetics.
Types include:
History.
The name of the syndrome comes from the initials of the surnames of two sisters, who had five sons with the syndrome. The first study of the syndrome, published in 1974, established that it was linked to inheritance of the X chromosome.
A 2008 study concluded that Kim Peek, who was the basis for Dustin Hoffman's character Raymond Babbitt in the movie "Rain Man", probably had FG syndrome rather than autism.

</doc>
<doc id="20545476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545476" title="A Side Productions">
A Side Productions

A Side Productions is a music production company established by Per Magnusson and David Kreuger in early 2001. Located in the center of Stockholm, A Side Productions writes and produces 
songs for artists such as Il Divo, Leona Lewis, Shayne Ward and Paul Potts to mention a few.
Together Magnusson and Kreuger started off a musical career in 1994 when invited by Denniz PoP 
to join his recently founded Cheiron Productions. The following years the tandem gained huge international recognition working with Boyzone, Britney Spears, Westlife and the Backstreet Boys. 
Shortly after Cheiron was dissolved, Magnusson and Kreuger formed A Side Productions and success has kept coming. This includes co-writing and / or producing three UK No 1 singles to date:
Involved in the immense global success of Il Divo, A Side Productions since 2004 has contributed with more than a dozen productions and songs across their four studio albums. The latest production for the quartet is "L'Alba Del Mondo" included on "The Promise", which was released in the UK on November 10, 2008, instantly reaching No 1.
A week later, previous X Factor winner Leona Lewis bounced back to the top of the charts with 
"Spirit The Deluxe Edition" including her third single, the A Side Productions' co-written song "Footprints in the Sand", which earlier in 2008 reached No 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20545506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545506" title="Joshua Mohr">
Joshua Mohr

Joshua Mohr (born July 8, 1976) is an American author. 
Biography.
Joshua Mohr moved to the Bay Area (from Phoenix, AZ) in 1988, and currently lives in the Mission District of San Francisco, CA. He attended San Francisco State University for his undergraduate studies, where he received two Bachelor of Arts degrees: the first in history, the second in creative writing. He then went on to receive a Master of Fine Arts in creative writing at the University of San Francisco, where he graduated in 2005. 
Joshua Mohr teaches creative writing at The Writing Salon in San Francisco and at the University of San Francisco.
Reception.
Reception to Mohr's work has been predominantly positive, receiving positive reviews from "O Magazine" and SF Gate. His novel "Termite Parade" was listed as an "Editor's Choice" by the New York Times in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20545524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545524" title="Ullakaarvi">
Ullakaarvi

Ullakarvi (In Tamil, 'ullakarvi' literally means 'universal falls') is a waterfall on the Western Ghats hills near Nagercoil in Kanyakumari District, Tamil Nadu state.
Location.
Ullakarvi falls is about from Kanyakumari town and about from Nagercoil town, near Azhakiyapandiapuram village. The falls is up in the middle of forested hills (the hills of the Western Ghats), which is accessible only by foot from the base of the hills. The hour's trek from the base of the hills is through rocky, forested area, which is thrilling in itself. On a clear day, one can view the waterfalls from the base of the hills through naked eye, or even better through binoculars/zoom lens. There are two falls - the lower falls, which is a good picnic spot, and the higher falls, which is further uphill. The water is basically spring water, coming in as a stream up from the hills nearby.
Lower falls.
The lower portion of the waterfalls, and the spot one reaches after the trek. This is a good picnic spot. The view from this spot of the greenery below the hills is exhilarating. Good to have bath and relax for an hour. The water here is cool even during the hot months, though the waterflow is less during the summer months.
Higher falls.
To reach the Higher falls, one needs to climb about uphill (recommended only for healthy people who can climb and swim).

</doc>
<doc id="20545527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545527" title="Molise regional election, 1995">
Molise regional election, 1995

The Molise regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
Marcello Veneziale (Democratic Party of the Left) was elected President of the Region, defeating Quintino Pallante (National Alliance) by a narrow margin.
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term. This is precisely what happened in 1998, when a centrist majority ousted Veneziale and replaced him with Michele Iorio (a splinter of the Italian People's Party, who switched to the Democratic Union for the Republic). In 1999 Iorio switched again party, this time to Forza Italia, and formed a centre-right government, but was soon replaced by a centre-left majority, which reinstated Veneziale.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20545532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545532" title="Type II pneumocyte">
Type II pneumocyte

Type II pneumocytes also called alveolar type II cells, great alveolar cells or septal cells are granular and roughly cuboidal in shape. Type II pneumocytes are typically found at the alveolar-septal junction. Although they comprise 60% of the alveolar lining cells, because of their shape they cover a much smaller surface area than type I cells (<5%).
Development.
Type II cells start to develop at about 24 weeks of gestation, secreting small amounts of surfactant. However, adequate amounts of surfactant are not secreted until about 35 weeks of gestation - this is the main reason for increased incidence rates of Infant respiratory distress syndrome, which drastically reduces at ages above 35 weeks gestation.
Function.
Type II cells are responsible for the production and secretion of surfactant (the majority of which are dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine), a group of phospholipids that reduce the alveolar surface tension. Surfactant phospholipids are stored in Type II pneumocytes in lamellar bodies, which are specialized vesicles. Release of surfactant in lamellar bodies occurs from an infant's first breath onwards.
Type II pneumocytes can replicate in the alveoli and will replicate to replace damaged Type I pneumocytes.
MUC1, a human gene associated with type II pneumocytes, has been identified as a marker in lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20545536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545536" title="Type I pneumocyte">
Type I pneumocyte

Type I pneumocyte cells (also called type I alveolar cells or squamous alveolar cells) are extremely attenuated cells that line the alveolar surfaces of the lungs. They cover 97% of the alveolar surface, with type II pneumocytes covering the remainder. These cells are so thin (sometimes only 25 nm) that the electron microscope was needed to prove that all alveoli are covered with an epithelial lining. It is important that these cells are thin so that gas exchange between the alveoli and blood can occur easily. Their main role is to provide a barrier of minimal thickness that is readily permeable to gases such as oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Description.
Organelles of Type 1 pneumocyte cells such as the endoplasmic reticulum, Golgi apparatus and mitochondria are clustered around the nucleus. This leaves large areas of cytoplasm virtually free of organelles and reduces the thickness of the cell, thus reducing the thickness of the blood-air barrier. The cytoplasm in the thin portion contains pinocytotic vesicles, which may play a role in the turnover of surfactant and the removal of small particulate contaminants from the outer surface. (However, type 2 pneumocytes are primarily responsible for secretion of surfactant). In addition to desmosomes, all type I pneumocyte cells have occluding junctions that prevent the leakage of tissue fluid into the alveolar air space. 
Type I pneumocytes are unable to replicate and are susceptible to toxic insults. In the event of damage, Type II cells can proliferate and/or differentiate into type I cells to compensate.

</doc>
<doc id="20545569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545569" title="Flygprestanda">
Flygprestanda

Flygprestanda AB (ICAO: FPA ) is a Swedish aviation company specializing in the support of takeoff and landing calculations. This is done in part through their 'Guru' software, powered by an airport database derived partly from national Aeronautical Information Publications and NOTAMS. As of January 2011, the database covers more than 6000 airports.
One of their other core services is the creation of Route Performance Manuals, which deal with the efficiency of aircraft operations. Flygprestanda were present during the 2008 Middle East Business Aviation Association conference, showcasing their 'Guru' software, and again in 2010 focusing on a new product called FOCS dealing with flight scheduling, planning, route finding & ATC filing services. The company is ISO 9001 certified and have a secondary office in the United States

</doc>
<doc id="20545613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545613" title="Argentina–Portugal relations">
Argentina–Portugal relations

Argentina–Portugal relations are foreign relations between Argentina and Portugal. Both countries established diplomatic relations on May 26, 1812. Portugal recognized the Argentine Declaration of Independence in 1821. Argentina has an embassy in Lisbon. Portugal has an embassy in Buenos Aires and 3 honorary consulates (in Comodoro Rivadavia, Mendoza and Rosario).
Both countries are full members of the Organization of Ibero-American States.

</doc>
<doc id="20545614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545614" title="Ralph Helfer">
Ralph Helfer

Ralph Helfer (born April 9, 1931 in Chicago, Illinois) is a notable American animal behaviorist, creator of Marine World/Africa USA, and writer of books about animals.
He was born in Chicago and had one sister, Sally. In 1942, his mother left her husband Sam and moved with her children to Hollywood, where they settled in the Green Apartments, one block off Hollywood Boulevard.
In 1955 he purchased a Vasquez Rocks property to train animals, which he called "Nature's Haven". He married Toni Ringo in 1962. They had a daughter, Tana Helfer. In 1962 the property was cut in half by the Antelope Valley Freeway. They relocated to Soledad Canyon. They bought of land to build their new ranch and decided to name it Africa U.S.A. Africa U.S.A. was a training compound and a provider of animals for Hollywood (Clarence, the cross-eyed lion, and Judy the chimp in "Daktari"). The compound was also used as location for shows such as "Daktari" and even an episode of "" "".
During these years, Helfer created what he called "affection training," which purported to replace the whip, gun, and chair of the old-school handlers with love, understanding, and respect. Critics state that affection training indeed consisted in surgically modifying (declawing and defanging) the animals and administering sedatives. Ralph Helfer denies this and stated that "this was done to animals that had deformities and were injurious to their health."
In January 1969, Africa U.S.A. was devastated by a powerful storm over Soledad Canyon which dropped large amounts of rainfall in the region. This resulted in severe flooding and mudslides in the canyons. 9 of the 1,500 animals of the ranch were killed by the torrential flooding. 
Ralph Helfer bought out Marine World in 1972 when it went bankrupt and added a wildlife park and "jungle theater", renaming the park as Marine World/Africa U.S.A. This park was the predecessor of Six Flags Discovery Kingdom. He also was a partner and chairman in a small Buena Park, California, theme park called Enchanted Village which was built on the site of the defunct Japanese Village and Deer Park amusement attraction. When this park went bankrupt in fall 1977 he created another company and training park called "Gentle Jungle". The Gentle Jungle Affection Training School was based in Colton, California and later in Lion Country Safari, in Orange County; finally Gentle Jungle was investigated by USDA where an eventual lawsuit against Helfer for Animal Welfare Act violations. During this period he was the owner of the "human" chimp Oliver. Ralph Helfer was cleared of all accusations except one, which was sent to the supreme court, which was meant to deal with the death of a tiger, who died due to a veterinarian over dosing the tiger, it never got to the supreme court as that would be the same as blaming a child's death on a parent who took their child to a doctor who miss-administrated drugs to the child. Ralph Helfer left the business due to the imminent financial pressure of the wrongful suit.
In 1981, he was the writer and producer of the adventure film "Savage Harvest".
In the 1990s, he began a successful career as writer. Most of his books tell are non fiction life stories of famous animals. He now lives in Los Angeles and Kenya, where he leads safari tours with his company Eden International Safaris and Treks.
To read more about Ralph Helfer or to see exclusive images visit his Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/RalphHelferBooks
Toni Ringo Helfer (d. March 20, 2012) published the book "The Gentle Jungle" (Brigham Young University Press - 1980 - ISBN 0-8425-1790-1). She made the cover of TV Guide in 1968. Ralph and Toni are now divorced. Ralph Helfer's current wife is now Suzzi Mutua, who works with him as safari hostess at Eden International.
Tana Helfer played the role of Kristie in "Savage Harvest" and was the subject of the book "When you fight the tiger" by Joan Hewett (Little, Brown and Company - 1984 - ISBN 0-316-35956-4).

</doc>
<doc id="20545627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545627" title="Remixes (Headlights album)">
Remixes (Headlights album)

Remixes is a compilation album by Headlights released on December 9, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20545634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545634" title="Littlemill">
Littlemill

Littlemill is a village located close to Nairn in Nairnshire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20545646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545646" title="Hermann Giliomee">
Hermann Giliomee

Hermann Giliomee is an author of historical and political studies, former Professor of Political Studies at the University of Cape Town (1983–2002), President of the South African Institute of Race Relations (1995–1997) and current Extraordinary Professor of History at the Stellenbosch University. 
He co-founded "Die Suid-Afrikaan", an Afrikaans journal of opinion in 1984. Giliomee was a regular columnist for the "Cape Times", "The Rand Daily Mail" and other periodicals from 1980 to 1997 and is presently writing a political column for the Afrikaans morning newspapers "Die Burger", "Beeld" and "Volksblad".

</doc>
<doc id="20545678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545678" title="Ermelo railway station">
Ermelo railway station

Ermelo is a railway station located in Ermelo, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 20 August 1863 and is located on the Amersfoort–Zwolle section of the Utrecht–Kampen railway ("Centraalspoorweg"). The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Ermelo:

</doc>
<doc id="20545692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545692" title="Barbara Smuts">
Barbara Smuts

Barbara B. Smuts is an American anthropologist and psychologist noted for her research into baboons, dolphins, and chimpanzees.
Research.
Much of Smuts’ research concerns the development of social relationships between animals, particularly among chimpanzee and baboon populations. Smuts began studies of wild baboons in 1976. Studies she made of wild olive baboons in Tanzania and Kenya inspired her 1985 book "Sex and Friendship in Baboons". The book, the fruit of two years' research, showed how two different groups of the same primate interact with each other socially. She determined that friendship was a critical predictor of sexual activity between male and female baboons: females preferred to mate with males that had previously engaged in friendly interactions with them and could interact with their other offspring as well.
Smuts also carried out research into bottlenose dolphin social development, working extensively with Janet Mann.
Smuts' more recent research, still at Michigan, has focused on social behavior among dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="20545693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545693" title="Stock removal">
Stock removal

Stock removal is the process of removing material (stock) from a workpiece. Stock removal processes include:

</doc>
<doc id="20545704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545704" title="Robert Henson (American football)">
Robert Henson (American football)

Robert Henson (born January 27, 1986) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Texas Christian University and was drafted in the sixth round (186th overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.
Early years.
Henson earned District 11-5A Defensive Player of the Year honors as a senior in 2003 at Longview High School in Longview, Texas. He chose to attend TCU over offers from Arkansas and Nebraska.
College career.
Henson began his college career at Texas Christian University as a redshirt freshman in 2005, when he started two games and played in all twelve as a redshirt freshman for the MWC Champion Horned Frogs. In his freshman, sophomore and junior seasons, Henson was at least third on the team in tackles, was named Honorable Mention All-MWC, and the Frogs won their bowl game. In his senior year, he was named 1st Team All-MWC and recorded 73 tackles, one sack and two interceptions.
Professional career.
Washington Redskins.
Henson was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the sixth round of the 2009 NFL Draft, to compete for a middle linebacker position and contributing to special teams.
On September 21, following an "unsightly" 9-7 home victory, Henson posted some disparaging remarks via his Twitter account about fans who had booed and jeered their performance. After much criticism from the media and fans, Henson apologized and has since deactivated his account. He was placed on injured reserve on September 4, 2010.
On August 5, 2011, he waived by the Redskins.
Personal.
In the summer of 2008, prior to his senior season at TCU, Henson was wed to Sarah Jakes, the daughter of the influential pastor T. D. Jakes.

</doc>
<doc id="20545713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545713" title="Baltimore-Washington Financial Advisors">
Baltimore-Washington Financial Advisors

Baltimore-Washington Financial Advisors (BWFA) is a nationally recognized fee-only financial advisory firm located in Columbia, Maryland. Founded in 1986, Baltimore-Washington Financial Advisors provides investment management, estate and retirement planning, and tax services for its clients on a fee-only basis. Its principal, Saxon Birdsong, has been recognized by "Worth" magazine as one of the 250 Top Wealth Advisors in the United States. 
The team consists of approximately a dozen professionals which include dedicated investment management, financial, retirement, estate planning and tax service experts.

</doc>
<doc id="20545743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545743" title="Gabrielle Kurlander">
Gabrielle Kurlander

Gabrielle L. Kurlander (born 1963) has been the president and CEO of the All Stars Project, Inc. (ASP), since 1990. An innovative non-profit producer, Kurlander has expanded and established the All Stars Project as one of the country’s leading youth development efforts and has raised over $50 million privately for its performance-based development programs. She has been featured in an article on philanthropy and performance in "Fund Raising Management".
Acting career.
Growing up in Ithaca, New York, Kurlander’s early career was in the performing arts; she began acting in professional summer stock and regional theater as a teenager. She studied acting with the acclaimed teacher William Esper.
Shortly after arriving in New York City to pursue an acting career, Kurlander was cast in the national tour of the Broadway hit, "Biloxi Blues". Returning to New York in 1987, she joined the Castillo Theatre Company. An actress and singer, Kurlander has performed with the company in more than 35 productions and is a member of its directing staff.
Kurlander was executive producer of the award-winning independent film, "Nothing Really Happens" and of the dance/theatre show "License to Dream", written by Fred Newman and choreographed by David Parsons.
Kurlander has been a member of the Castillo Theatre Company, which is part of the ASP, since 1987. She has performed in over 35 productions, is on the directing staff, and performs with the Castillo Players, the resident improvisational comedy troupe. In 2007, Kurlander starred as Susan B. Anthony in "Backstage: A Love-Hate Relationship of the Women’s Movement". During the 2008-2009 Castillo Theatre season, she co-directed the musical "Coming of Age in Korea" with the dancer/choreographer Desmond Richardson.
Community organizing.
In the mid to late 1980s, Kurlander spent several years volunteering as a community organizer for grassroots organizations, working in Harlem and in many of Brooklyn’s poor communities. She also participated in community organizing initiatives while on tour in Chicago and Philadelphia.
In 1988, Kurlander worked full-time as a top aide/scheduler to Lenora Fulani during her history-making independent run for the presidency. Following the campaign, she worked for Fulani in Harlem, and co-edited the book "Independent Black Leadership in America".
Business development.
When Kurlander took the helm at the ASP in 1990, she was its only staff member; the organization had a budget of $200,000 annually. Today, the ASP employs 34 people in four cities, reaches 10,000 youth, and has over 900 people volunteering annually. Since 1990, Kurlander has systematically led the creation of the ASP’s unique partnership with the business community, expanding the ASP’s budget to $6.6 million, entirely through private sources.
In partnership with the retired prima ballerina Susan Jaffe, Kurlander has also established the ASP’s Artist Committee whose members include the actor Charles S. Dutton, the actor/comedienne Fran Drescher, the choreographer/dancer Bill T. Jones, the dancer/choreographer Desmond Richardson, the theatre director Robert Wilson and the actor/singer Donna Murphy.
Kurlander holds a BA in theater and business from SUNY Empire State and resides in the West Village.

</doc>
<doc id="20545760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545760" title="Jorunna tomentosa">
Jorunna tomentosa

Jorunna tomentosa is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in European waters and in the Mediterranean Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20545778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545778" title="Shinto architecture">
Shinto architecture

Some examples of Shinto architecture
Shinto architecture is the architecture of Japanese Shinto shrines.
With a few exceptions, the general blueprint of a Shinto shrine is Buddhist in origin. Before Buddhism, shrines were just temporary structures erected to a particular purpose. Buddhism brought to Japan the idea of permanent shrines and much of Shinto architecture's vocabulary. The presence of verandas, stone lanterns, and elaborate gates is an example of this influence.
The composition of a Shinto shrine is extremely variable, and none of its possible features are necessarily present. Even the "honden" or sanctuary, the part which houses the "kami" and which is the centerpiece of a shrine, can be missing. However, since its grounds are sacred, they usually are surrounded by a fence made of stone or wood called "tamagaki", while access is made possible by an approach called "sandō". The entrances themselves are straddled by gates called "torii", which are therefore the simplest way to identify a Shinto shrine.
A shrine may include within its grounds several structures, each destined to a different purpose. Among them are the "honden" or sanctuary, where the "kami" are enshrined, the "heiden", or hall of offerings, where offers and prayers are presented, and the "haiden" or hall of worship, where there may be seats for worshipers. The "honden" is the building that contains the "shintai", literally, "the sacred body of the kami". Of these, only the "haiden" is open to the laity. The "honden" is located behind the "haiden" and is usually much smaller and unadorned. Other notable shrine features are the "temizuya", the fountain where visitors cleanse their hands and mouth and the "shamusho" (), the office that supervises the shrine. Shrines can be very large, as for example Ise Shrine, or as small as a beehive, as in the case of the "hokora", small shrines frequently found on road sides.
Before the forced separation of Shinto and Buddhism ("Shinbutsu bunri"), it was not uncommon for a Buddhist temple to be built inside or next to a shrine or to the contrary for a shrine to include Buddhist subtemples. If a shrine was also a Buddhist temple, it was called a "jingu-ji". At the same time, temples in the entire country adopted tutelary kami ( and built temple shrines called "chinjusha" to house them. After the forcible separation of Buddhist temples and Shinto shrines ("shinbutsu bunri") ordered by the new government in the Meiji period, the connection between the two religions was officially severed, but continued nonetheless in practice.
The origin of shrines.
The practice of marking sacred areas began in Japan as early as the Yayoi period (from about 500 BC to 300 AD) originating from primal Shinto tenets. Features in the landscape such as rocks, waterfalls, islands, and especially mountains, were places believed to be capable of attracting "kami", and subsequently were worshiped as "yorishiro". Originally, sacred places may have been simply marked with a surrounding fence and an entrance gate or "torii". Later, temporary buildings similar to present day portable shrines were constructed to welcome the gods to the sacred place. Over time the temporary structures evolved into permanent structures that were dedicated to the gods. Ancient shrines were constructed according to the style of dwellings (Izumo Taisha) or storehouses (Ise Grand Shrine). The buildings had gabled roofs, raised floors, plank walls, and were thatched with reed or covered with hinoki cypress bark. Such early shrines did not include a space for worship. Three important forms of ancient shrine architectural styles exist: "taisha-zukuri", "shinmei-zukuri" and "sumiyoshi-zukuri" They are exemplified by Izumo Taisha, Nishina Shinmei Shrine and Sumiyoshi Taisha respectively and date to before 552. According to the tradition of ", the buildings or shrines were faithfully rebuilt at regular intervals adhering to the original design. In this manner, ancient styles have been replicated through the centuries to the present day.
Common features.
The following is a diagram illustrating the most important elements of a Shinto shrine.
Gate ("torii").
The "torii" (see gallery below) is a gate which marks the entrance to a sacred area, usually but not necessarily a shrine. A shrine may have any number of "torii" (Fushimi Inari Taisha has thousands) made of wood, stone, metal, concrete or any other material. They can be found in different places within a shrine's precincts to signify an increased level of holiness.
"Torii" can often be found also at Buddhist temples, however they are an accepted symbol of Shinto, and as such are used to mark shrines on maps.
The origin of the "torii" is unclear, and no existing theory has been accepted as valid. They may for example have originated in India as a derivative of the torana gates in the monastery of Sanchi, which is located in central India.
Pathway ("sandō").
The "sandō" (see gallery) is the road approaching either a Shinto shrine or a Buddhist temple. Its point of origin is usually straddled in the first case by a Shinto "torii", in the second by a Buddhist "sanmon", gates which mark the beginning of the shrine's or temple territory. There can also be stone lanterns and other decorations at any point along its course. There can be more than one "sandō", in which case the main one is called "omote-sandō", or front "sandō", "ura-sandō", or rear "sandō", etc.
Fountain ("temizuya").
Before entering the shrine, visitors are supposed to wash their hands and mouths at a fountain built to the purpose called "temizuya" or "chōzuya" (see gallery).
Guardian lion-dogs ("komainu").
The two "lions" in front of a shrine (see gallery) are in effect warden dogs called . They were so called because they were thought to have been brought to Japan from China via Korea, and their name derives from , the Japanese term for the Korean kingdom of Koguryo. They are almost identical, but one has the mouth open, the other closed. This is a very common pattern in statue pairs at both temples and shrines, and has an important symbolic meaning. The open mouth is pronouncing the first letter of the sanskrit alphabet ("a"), the closed one the last ("um"), representing the beginning and the end of all things. The one with the open mouth is called , the other "komainu", a name that in time came to be used for both animals.
Sanctuary ("honden").
The "honden", also called (see gallery) is the most sacred building of shrine, intended purely for the use of the enshrined "kami". The "kami", in itself incorporeal, is usually represented physically by a mirror or sometimes by a statue. The building is normally in the rear of the shrine and closed to the general public. The sections
Most common shrine styles and Other styles below are dedicates specifically to "honden" and their characteristics.
Worship hall ("haiden").
The "haiden" (see gallery below) is the hall of worship or oratory of the shrine. It is generally placed in front of the shrine's main sanctuary ("honden") and often built on a larger scale than the latter. The "haiden" is often connected to the "honden" by a "heiden", or hall of offerings. While the "honden" is the place for the enshrined "kami" and off-limits to the general public, the "haiden" provides a space for ceremonies and for worshiping the "kami".
Offertory hall ("heiden").
The "heiden" (see gallery below) is the part of a shrine used to house offerings, and normally consists of a section linking the "honden" and the "haiden" . It can also be called or in other ways, and its position can sometimes vary. In spite of its name, nowadays it is used mostly for rituals.
Other elements.
Hokora.
A "hokora" or "hokura" is a very small Shinto shrine either found on the precincts of a larger shrine and dedicated to folk "kami", or on a street side, enshrining "kami" not under the jurisdiction of any large shrine. "Dōsojin", minor "kami" protecting travelers from evil spirits, may for example be enshrined in a "hokora".
Most common shrine styles.
Shrine buildings can have many different basic layouts, usually named either after a famous shrine's "honden" (e.g. "hiyoshi-zukuri", named after Hiyoshi Taisha), or a structural characteristic (e.g. "irimoya-zukuri", after the hip-and gable roof it adopts. The suffix "-zukuri" in this case means "structure".)
The "honden's" roof is always gabled, and some styles also have a veranda-like aisle called "hisashi" (a 1-"ken" wide corridor surrounding one or more sides of the core of a shrine or temple).
Among the factors involved in the classification, important are the presence or absence of:
Proportions are also important. A building of a given style often must have certain proportions measured in "ken" (the distance between pillars, a quantity variable from one shrine to another or even within the same shrine).
The oldest styles are the "tsumairi" "shinmei-zukuri", "taisha-zukuri", and "sumiyoshi-zukuri", believed to predate the arrival of Buddhism.
The two most common are the "hirairi" "nagare-zukuri" and the "tsumairi" "kasuga-zukuri". Larger, more important shrines tend to have unique styles.
"Nagare-zukuri".
The or is a style characterized by a very asymmetrical gabled roof ( in Japanese) projecting outwards on the non-gabled side, above the main entrance, to form a portico (see photo). This is the feature which gives the style its name, the most common among shrines all over the country. Sometimes the basic layout consisting of an elevated partially surrounded by a veranda called "hisashi" (all under the same roof) is modified by the addition of a room in front of the entrance. The "honden" varies in roof ridge length from 1 to 11 "ken", but is never 6 or 8 "ken". The most common sizes are 1 and 3 "ken". The oldest shrine in Japan, Uji's Ujigami Shrine, has a "honden" of this type. Its external dimensions are 5x3 "ken", but internally it is composed of three measuring 1 "ken" each.
"Kasuga-zukuri".
After the "Nagare-zukuri" (see below), this is the most common style, with most instances in the Kansai region around Nara.
Other styles.
Follows a list of other styles (in alphabetical order). Many are rare, some unique. Most deal with the structure of a single building but others, for example the "ishi-no-ma-zukuri" style, define instead the relationship between member structures. In that case, the same building can fall under two separate classifications. For example, the "honden" and "haiden" at are single-storied, "irimoya-zukuri" edifices. Because they are connected by a passage called "ishi-no-ma" and are covered by a single roof, however, the complex is classified as belonging to the "ishi-no-ma-zukuri" style (also called "gongen-zukuri").
"Gongen-zukuri".
The name comes from Nikkō Tōshō-gū in Nikkō because it enshrines the Tōshō Daigongen ("Tokugawa Ieyasu"). For further details, see .
"Hachiman-zukuri".
The space between the two structures is one "ken" wide and forms a room called . The actual width and height of this room vary with the shrine.
Extant examples are Usa Shrine and Iwashimizu Hachiman-gū. This style, of which only five Edo period examples survive, may be of Buddhist origin, since some Buddhist buildings show the same division. For example, Tōdai-ji's "hokke-dō" is divided in two sections laid out front and back. Structural details also show a strong relationship with the Heian period style called "shinden-zukuri" used in aristocratic residences. Another possible origin of this style may have been early palaces, known to have had parallel ridges on the roof.
"Hiyoshi-zukuri".
, also called or is a rare style presently found in only three instances, all at Hiyoshi Taisha in Ōtsu, Shiga. They are the East and West and the .
The building is composed of a 3x2 "ken" core called "moya" surrounded on three sides by a 1-"ken" wide "hisashi", totaling 5x3 "ken" (see photo). The three-sided "hisashi" is unique and typical of this style. The gabled roof extends in small porticos on the front and the two gabled sides. The roof on the back has a peculiar and characteristic shape (see photo in the gallery).
"Irimoya-zukuri".
The name derives from its . In Japan the gable is right above the edge of the shrine's "moya", while the hip covers the "hisashi". In lay architecture it is often called just "moya-zukuri". Extant examples are Mikami Shrine in Shiga prefecture and Yasaka Shrine in Kyoto.
Ishi-no-ma-zukuri.
, also called , and is the name of a complex shrine structure in which the "haiden", or worship hall, and the honden, or main sanctuary, are interconnected under the same roof in the shape of an H.
The connecting passage can be called , , or . The floor of each of the three halls can be at a different level. If the "ai-no-ma" is paved with stones it is called "ishi-no-ma", whence the name of the style. It can however be paved with planks or "tatami". Its width is often the same as the "honden's", with the "haiden" from one to three "ken" wider.
One of the oldest examples is Kitano Tenman-gū in Kyoto. The "gongen-zukuri" name comes from Nikkō Tōshō-gū in Nikkō, which enshrines the Tōshō Daigongen (Tokugawa Ieyasu) and adopts this structure.
Primitive shrine layout with no "honden".
This style is rare, but historically important. It is also unique in that the "honden", normally the very center of a shrine, is missing. It is believed shrines of this type are reminiscent of what shrines were like in prehistorical times. The first shrines had no "honden" because the "shintai", or object of worship, was the mountain on which they stood. An extant example is Nara's Ōmiwa Shrine, which still has no "honden". An area near the "haiden" (hall of worship), sacred and taboo, replaces it for worship. Another prominent example of this style is Futarasan Shrine near Nikkō, whose "shintai" is Mount Nantai. For details, see Birth and evolution of Shinto shrines above.
"Sumiyoshi-zukuri".
The style is supposed to have its origin in old palace architecture Another example of this style is Sumiyoshi Jinja, part of the Sumiyoshi Sanjin complex in Fukuoka Prefecture. In both cases, as in many others, there is no veranda.
"Taisha-zukuri".
The "honden" normally has a 2x2 "ken" footprint (12.46x12.46 m in Izumo Taisha's case), with an entrance on the gabled end. The stairs to the honden are covered by a cypress bark roof. The oldest extant example of the style is Kamosu Jinja's "honden" in Shimane prefecture, built in the 16th century.
"Ōtori-zukuri".
The is a "tsumairi" style named after Ōtori taisha in Ōsaka. Its floor is elevated and 2x2 "ken" in size, without a veranda or railings. This style seems to have the same origins as the ancient "sumiyoshi-" and "taisha-zukuri" styles, which it resembles, and the absence of a veranda may be due to the use in origin of an earthen floor, still in use in some shrines. The interior is divided in two, "naijin" (inner chamber) and "gejin" (outer chamber). The roof is covered with layers of cypress bark shingles and has a high ridge with an ornamental rather than functional role. It does not curve upwards at the eaves and the bargeboards are simple and straight. "Chigi" and three "katsuogi" are present.

</doc>
<doc id="20545821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545821" title="Burning Down Tomorrow">
Burning Down Tomorrow

Burning Down Tomorrow is a 1990 short documentary film produced and directed by Kit Thomas. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20545894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545894" title="Ministry of Interior (Thailand)">
Ministry of Interior (Thailand)

The Ministry of Interior of the Kingdom of Thailand (; ; Abrv: MOI) is an important Cabinet-level department in the Government of Thailand. The Ministry is given wide ranging responsibilities over many aspects. For example the Ministry has responsibility over: local administrations, internal security, citizenship, disaster management, land management, issuing national identity cards and public works. The Ministry is also responsible for appointing 76 Governors of the Provinces of Thailand. The Minister of Interior ( is the head of the Ministry, he is appointed by the King of Thailand at the advice of the Prime Minister. Since 9 August 2011, the head of the ministry is Deputy Prime Minister and Pheu Thai Party-chairman Yongyuth Wichaidit, succeeding Chaovarat Chanweerakul. He is aided by two Deputy Ministers.
History.
The Ministry in its present form was founded by King Chulalongkorn (or Rama V) in his reforms of the Siamese government. The ministry was founded on the 1 April 1892, he appointed his brother Prince Damrong Rajanubhab, to be its first "Minister of State". At the time the Ministry was divided into three divisions: the Central Division (, the Northern Division ( and the Local Administration Division (.
Soon Prince Damrong reorganized the workings of the entire Ministry and as a result the entire country. He created the Monthon system, a complete new sub-division for the Kingdom. During this time he and the Ministry took on so much power, that he was considered powerful second only to the King. After King Vajiravudh (or Rama VI) succeeded his father in 1910, the relationship between King and Prince Damrong deteriorated. In 1915 Prince Damrong resigned, officially citing health reasons, though it was an open secret that disagreements with the King were the real reason.
During the Revolution of 1932 (actually, coup d'état), the Minister of Interior was Prince Paripatra Sukhumbhand, who was exiled after the revolution because of his power. From then on the Minister became an appointed position within the Cabinet of Thailand. Most Minister had been a member or retired member of the Police.

</doc>
<doc id="20545899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545899" title="Etten-Leur railway station">
Etten-Leur railway station

Etten-Leur is a railway station located in Etten-Leur, Netherlands. The station was opened on 11 December 1854 and is located on the Roosendaal–Breda railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station was closed between 25 September 1940 and 30 May 1965.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Etten-Leur:

</doc>
<doc id="20545900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545900" title="Phyllidia flava">
Phyllidia flava

Phyllidia flava is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phyllidiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20545907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545907" title="Lympne Airport">
Lympne Airport

Lympne Airport , was a military and later civil airfield , at Lympne, Kent, United Kingdom, which operated from 1916 to 1984. During the First World War RFC Lympne was originally an acceptance point for aircraft being delivered to, and returning from, France but was later designated as a First Class Landing Ground, RAF Lympne. It became a civil airfield in 1919 and saw the operation of early air mail services after the 1918 armistice. It was one of the first four airfields in the United Kingdom with customs facilities.
Lympne was also involved in the evolution of air traffic control, with facilities developing and improving during the 1920s and 1930s. A number of record-breaking flights originated or ended at Lympne. During the 1920s Lympne was the venue for the Lympne light aircraft trials from which a number of aircraft types entered production. Air racing was also held at Lympne.
Just before the Second World War, Lympne was requisitioned by the Fleet Air Arm. It was named HMS "Buzzard" and n renamed HMS "Daedalus II" three months later, before being transferred to the Royal Air Force in May 1940. During the war Lympne was a front-line fighter base, RAF Lympne. It was heavily bombed during the Battle of Britain in 1940 and put out of action for a number of weeks. It was too close to the coast to be used as a squadron base, but squadrons were detached there on a day-to-day basis. Lympne was also to have been the landing place for a German aircraft used in a plot to kidnap Adolf Hitler, with preparations made by the Royal Air Force for his arrival.
Lympne returned to civilian use on 1 January 1946. In 1948, the first air ferry service was inaugurated at Lympne by Silver City Airways. Problems with waterlogging of the grass runway and the refusal of the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation to upgrade the airfield led to Silver City transferring operations to Lydd (Ferryfield) in 1954. By 1956, the airport's ownership had passed to Eric Rylands Ltd, the Skyways holding company. Skyways operated a coach-air service between London and Paris, flying passengers from Lympne to Beauvais. This service operated until 1974 (1955–1958: the original Skyways; 1958–1971: Skyways Coach-Air; 1971–1972: Skyways International; 1972–1974: Dan-Air Skyways). Following the cessation of commercial operations in October 1974, Lympne continued to be used as a General Aviation airfield until about 1984. The site is now an industrial estate.
History.
Establishment.
Work began on creating a landing ground at Folks Wood, Lympne, in the autumn of 1915. This site soon proved unsuitable and another site was sought. Lympne was established in March 1916 as an Emergency Landing Ground for the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) home defence fighters defending London against Zeppelins and Gothas. No. 1 Advanced School of Air Gunnery operated from Lympne during January and February 1917. In January 1917 it was designated as No. 8 Aircraft Acceptance Park for delivery of aircraft to, and reception from, France. On 25 May 1917 Lympne was bombed by Gotha G.IV bombers of "Kagohl 3" who dropped 19 bombs on the airfield.
In 1918, Lympne was designated a First Class Landing Ground and the Day and Night Bombing Observation School was formed here in May. The RFC and the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS) were merged to form the Royal Air Force (RAF) in April 1918. From 17 July 1919, No. 120 Squadron RAF flew air mail services between Lympne and Cologne, Germany, using de Havilland DH.9 aircraft fitted with Beardmore Halford Pullinger engines. This service ended on 1 September 1919 when 120 squadron moved to RAF Hawkinge. Hawkinge and Lympne lay within a few miles of each other and as the Air Ministry could not justify keeping the two bases open following the end of the war, they decided to retain Hawkinge. In August 1919 the RAF moved out of Lympne and it was turned over to civilian use, although 120 Squadron did not depart until 21 October.
Civil operations.
1919–29.
In May 1919, Lympne was one of the first four customs and excise "Appointed Aerodromes" in the United Kingdom; along with Hadleigh in Suffolk, Hounslow Heath in Middlesex and New Holland in Lincolnshire. Although Lympne had a customs clearance point there was no permanent customs officer there; a telephone call to Folkestone Harbour was needed to clear customs. On 1 May the ban on civilian flying was lifted and a Sopwith Gnu was flown from Hounslow Heath to Lympne carrying a cargo of newspapers during that first day. In September, Sir Philip Sassoon purchased an Avro aircraft in which he commuted between London and his Lympne residence. In October the Air Ministry announced that searchlights would temporarily be displayed to assist aircraft to find certain airfields. Lympne was to be identified by three searchlights arranged in a triangle, their beams shining vertically. In November a Notice to Airmen was issued advising that radio telephony was in use at Hounslow Heath and Lympne, using the 900-metre wavelength. The practice of using the aircraft registration as a callsign was instigated. In December 1919 two Westland Limousine aircraft bound for the Paris Aero Show were delayed at Lympne by fog. Conditions later improved so that both aircraft were able to fly to Le Bourget, where G-EAJL was dismantled and transported to the Grand Palais where it was exhibited to the public. The other aircraft remained at Le Bourget where it gave pleasure and demonstration flights.
The North Sea Aerial and General Transport Co. used a Blackburn Kangaroo on its short-lived Leeds-Lympne-Amsterdam service from 6 March 1920. The customs facilities at New Holland had been withdrawn on 28 January, necessitating the roundabout route. It was estimated that the extra costs involved in taking this route amounted to one-third of the total costs. "Flight" called for customs facilities to be established to enable direct flights to be made from the north of England to the continent. Starting from 2 August, hourly weather forecasts were broadcast from Lympne and other airfields. A system of ground signals advising pilots of the weather conditions at Biggin Hill and Croydon was also introduced about this time. During August, Aircraft Transport and Travel took over air mail flights, using DH.9A aircraft. In November a Notice to Airmen was released announcing that searchlights would be in use at Lympne for two hours after sunset to assist pilots in landing their aircraft. Arrangements could be made in advance for this facility to be made available after the notified hours. In December, it was announced that an "aerial lighthouse" was to be installed at Lympne as the one installed at Croydon had proved to be of benefit to pilots arriving after dark.
In May 1921, it was reported that a waiting room for the use of passengers at Lympne was being planned. In June a Notice to Airmen was released saying that, for cost reasons, lights would no longer be exhibited after sunset without prior arrangement. The system of ground signals was amended with effect from 14 July, and in September an "aerial lighthouse" was reported to be under construction. The system of aerial lighthouses on the "London – Paris Airway" was completed in December 1921.
In January 1922, a high mast for an anemometer was being erected at the south west corner of Lympne Aerodrome. On 13 February, the system of ground signals at Lympne was further extended to include information about the Saint-Inglevert Airfield, just across the English Channel in France. In July, a Notice to Airmen said that all aircraft were to make at least one left-hand circuit before landing at Lympne. By November, the Instone Air Line were operating a service from Croydon to Cologne using de Havilland DH.18 aircraft, stopping at Lympne to refuel to full capacity. These aircraft then had the necessary range to fly direct from Lympne to Cologne. This arrangement did not last long, with the refuelling stop moved to Tirlemont, Belgium, by the end of the month. On 30 December a Dornier aircraft landed at Lympne. It was the first German aircraft to land on British soil since the end of the First World War. A German airline, Aero-Lloyd was in negotiation with Daimler Airway to start a service between London and Berlin.
A Junkers F.13 called at Lympne on 10 January 1923 to clear customs and then flew to Croydon where it was inspected by Secretary of State for Air Sir Samuel Hoare. In February, it was reported that Lympne had taken part in a test of the newly introduced Mayday radio signal used by aircraft to indicate that they were in distress. Georges Barbot won a prize of F.25,000 from "Le Matin" when he made a flight from St Inglevert to Lympne and back again on the same day, 6 May. He flew the route in a Dewoitine aircraft fitted with a Clerget engine. On landing a bracing wire in the undercarriage of the aircraft broke, but repairs were effected within half an hour. Problems starting the engine then delayed his departure slightly. On 28 October the Light Aircraft Trials were held (see below). In 1923, Air Union started a service flying newspapers to Lympne using a Farman F.60 Goliath.
From 1–31 May 1924, the Royal Air Force conducted a number of night flying experiments. Pilots were asked to keep an extra lookout whilst the experiments were taking place. On 27 and 28 September, the elimination trials for the Light Aircraft Trials were held. Only eight aircraft passed through to the trials proper. Also in October, it was notified that changes were being made expanding weather information given at Lympne. Amongst the changes were that measurements used were to be changed from imperial to metric. The addition of weather information at Haren, Brussels and Ostend, both in Belgium was notified. In 1924, Armstrong Whitworth Argosy aircraft were operating cross-channel services for Imperial Airways. Lympne was used by aircraft of Imperial Airways as a refuelling point. The first stop in France was St Inglevert. When an aircraft departed Lympne for St Inglevert, the destination airfield was advised, and if arrival was not notified within two hours, the Coastguard was informed. Communication was by Carmichael Microway UHF transmitters at each airfield. Short Brothers used Lympne for flight testing new aircraft during 1924.
In January 1925, notification that red edge lights had been installed along the runways and taxiways at Lympne was made. In July 1925, a new arrangement was introduced whereby aircraft not fitted with radio, flying across the Channel, could have their departure and arrival reported by radio to the authorities. A circuit of Lympne and St Inglevert had to be flown at a height not exceeding on departure for, and arrival from, the continent. Between 1–3 August, the Royal Aeronautical Society held a meeting at Lympne. The Grosvenor Challenge Cup, Private Owners' Cup, Light Aeroplane Holiday Handicap and International Handicap were all competed for. Separate Speed Races were held for single and two-seater aircraft. In August 1925, the scheme for non-radio aircraft was extended to cover Ostend. One hour was allowed for the crossing to St Inglevert and two hours for the crossing to Ostend, after which the aircraft would be reported as missing. On 25 September, Lympne was one of a number of airfields which began operating a radio direction finding service. As before the 900-metre wavelength was used.
During the General Strike of 1926, which ran from 3–13 May, the "Daily Mail" was printed in Paris and flown from there to Lympne on Handley Page W.10 Imperial Airways aircraft. Further aircraft chartered by the "Daily Mail" then flew the newspapers to Birmingham for onward distribution. A fleet of de Havilland DH.60 Moth, de Havilland DH.9 with some Avro and Westland aircraft were used. The distribution of the newspapers by air was co-ordinated by the Royal Aero Club and a total of was flown by aircraft operating under the Royal Aero Club's co-ordination. The Royal Auxiliary Air Force (AuxAF) had been formed in 1925. In late August and early September 1926 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF held its inaugural camp at Lympne. The squadron was equipped with Avro 504 and de Havilland DH.9A aircraft. The Light Aircraft Trials were held between 10 and 14 September.
On 1 January 1927, new regulations came into effect which meant that aircraft carrying 10 or more passengers would have to carry a radio operator in addition to the pilot. In February it was reported that a Notice to Airmen had been issued stating that aircraft coming from the Continent in conditions of poor visibility in which the radio was not functioning correctly should land at Lympne, where repair facilities were available. In April it was reported that a new wireless station was being built at Lympne and in May it was notified that the night light was again in operation at Lympne. In July, a new system was introduced for civil aircraft flying in bad visibility between Lympne and Croydon. They were not to follow the normal Lympne–Edenbridge–Caterham–Croydon route, but instead follow one of three notified alternate routes. Aircraft were to be notified by radio whenever such conditions were declared to be put into effect, or whenever the weather had improved. This was aimed at preventing mid-air collisions between civil aircraft and those operated by the Royal Air Force. From 7 to 21 August, 600 (City of London) Squadron AuxAF and 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF were both at Lympne on their annual camp. The squadrons were flying Avro 504N and de Havilland DH.9A aircraft. In October, a Notice to Airmen announced that the ground signals at Lympne would be displayed in a different arrangement than previously, standardisation of ground signals worldwide required the change which came into effect on 1 October. In December, a Notice to Airmen informed that in foggy weather the position of Lympne would be indicated by flares fired from the ground, to be seen by aircraft flying in the vicinity. Colour was to be at the discretion of the Civil Air Traffic Officer. The Notice to Airmen was quickly amended to state that the firing of red flares would be reserved to indicate that an aircraft was being instructed "not to land" at the airfield in question. In 1927 a Fokker F.VII of SABENA flew newspapers to Lympne.
A meeting was held over the Easter weekend in 1928 by the Cinque Ports Flying Club. Pleasure flights were given for a cost of 5/-. An unverified report stated that one person was dissatisfied with two circuits of the airfield. The pilot is said to have offered to take him up again, which was accepted. On this second flight various aerobatics were flown and the hapless passenger was said to have been left incapable of expressing himself coherently. Among the pilots attending were Geoffrey de Havilland and his son. Other activities included some air racing and a guess the altitude competition. In May a Notice to Airmen said that the scheme for aircraft reporting that they were crossing the Channel was being extended. Lympne was to remain the reporting place on the English side but, in Belgium and France, the Ostend and St Inglevert airfields were joined by semaphore stations at Village de Baracques, Calais and Cap d’Alprech, Boulogne. On 17 May, Lady Heath landed at Lympne after crossing the Channel during her flight to Croydon from Cape Town, South Africa. She was flying an Avro Avian III which had been taken out to South Africa by ship. In August, the AuxAF held their annual Air Defence Exercises. Both 600 (City of London) and 601 (County of London) Squadrons AuxAF were based a Lympne for the duration of the exercise. They were operating Avro 504N and de Havilland DH.9A aircraft. Towards the end of the camp Chancellor of the Exchequer Winston Churchill and Under Secretary of State for Air Sir Philip Sassoon inspected both squadrons and were entertained at a dinner. On 18 September, Juan de la Cierva departed from Lympne in an Autogyro, making the first flight between London and Paris in this type of aircraft and the first flight across the Channel by autogyro in the process. In November, a Handley Page W.10 of Imperial Airways diverted to Lympne in a gale with three passengers suffering from airsickness. Once landed the aircraft was briefly lifted from the ground in a gust whilst ground handling staff were taking it to a hangar. Winds of were recorded.
In January 1929, a Notice to Airmen said that when visibility was bad any aircraft not fitted with radios were warned against using the Croydon–Edenbridge–Ashford–Lympne route or any of the alternative routes notified in 1927. Later that month it was notified that the aerial lighthouse had been replaced by a 6,000 candlepower neon light which would be visible at a range of . In July 1929 a plan was proposed where an amphibious aircraft would be based at Lympne for use in search and rescue when aircraft were reported missing over the Channel. On 14 August, the 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF arrived for their annual camp. In September 1929 arrangements were notified for the abandonment of a Channel crossing by aircraft flying from England to France. In such cases, the aircraft was to perform a second circuit over Lympne which would be acknowledged. It was also notified that a flying boat operated by Compagnie Aérienne Française was to be based at Calais for use in search and rescue work.
1930–39.
In February 1930, a Towle TA-2 amphibian was a visitor to Lympne. In July 1930, it was notified that aircraft fitted with radio may report their position by radio when crossing the Channel. For non-radio aircraft the earlier arrangements remained in effect, although some changes were made to the methods of acknowledgement of arrival. Search and rescue arrangements now included motorboats permanently available at Boulogne, Calais, Dover and Dunquerque. Lifeboats were also on standby at the French ports and air patrols were in operation during working hours, operated by Air Union. In August 1930, the arrangements for non-radio aircraft flying between Croydon and Lympne in bad weather were amended. Pilots had to notify which route they intended to take and the destination airfield was to be notified of this by telephone once the aircraft had departed. That month 601 (County of London) Squadron held its annual camp a Lympne.
On 1 August 1931, the 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF began its annual camp at Lympne. Croydon Airport took over the responsibility for weather forecasting on air routes from the Air Ministry in October. As part of the changes Biggin Hill, Croydon and Lympne now provided weather information on a 24-hour basis.
In March 1932, the arrangements for flying between Lympne and Croydon in poor visibility were altered. If the cloudbase was less than above sea level, or the visibility was less than , aircraft were prohibited from using the Croydon–Caterham–Penshurst–Lympne route, but were to use either the Croydon–Merstham–Edenbridge or Croydon–Chelsfield–Shoreham–Otford–Wrotham route. Alternatively a rhumb line course could be flown on the Croydon–Chelsfield–Lympne route. Aircraft not fitted with radios had to notify the officer in charge at their departure airport as to which route they intended to take before departure. Royal Air Force aircraft would avoid these routes as far as practicable in conditions of poor visibility. On 25 August the Folkestone Trophy Race was held at Lympne and was won by a Comper Swift. In November, it was reported that new radio equipment was to be installed at Lympne and St Inglevert operating on the 15-cm waveband at 2,000 Megahertz. The new radios were to be used for the announcement of the departure of non-radio aircraft across the Channel. Messages sent by radio were also printed out by a teleprinter, providing a record of the communication. The new equipment was scheduled to come into operation in Spring 1933.
In 1933, Imperial Airway's Armstrong Whitworth Argosy aircraft were replaced by Handley Page H.P.42s. On 7 March 1933, the system for non-radio aircraft proved effective when a de Havilland DH.60 Moth of British Air Transport failed to arrive at Lympne. The aircraft had ditched in the channel and both occupants were rescued by a steamship bound for Amsterdam, Netherlands. In August, the No. 601 (County of London) Squadron again held its annual camp at Lympne. They were visited by the Marquess of Londonderry who was the Secretary of State for Air. The squadron was equipped with Hawker Harts. Later that month the Folkestone Aero Trophy Race was held and was won by Ken Waller in a de Havilland DH.60 Moth. In September, a new system was introduced for broadcasting weather forecasts in various areas and on various air routes, including that between Croydon and Lympne. Navigational warnings would also be broadcast. In October, it was notified that the floodlight at Lympne had been put back into operation and the use of flares was therefore discontinued. In November, a squadron of the Egyptian Army Air Force was based at Lympne for a few weeks whilst they trained on their new Avro 626 aircraft. They departed on 18 November for Egypt. By 1933, Lympne was well prepared for handling diversions. Passengers who cleared customs were taken by car to railway station where they boarded trains to London using 1st class tickets. On 2 December, a Fokker F.XX, PH-AIZ "Zilvermeeuw" of KLM, diverted to Lympne following an engine failure. This was the only diversion KLM had during the whole of 1933.
In January 1934, a new radio, telegraph and telephone link was installed at Lympne and St Inglevert which came into operation on 26 January. Sir Philip Sassoon officially declared the installation open. The equipment at Lympne was manufactured by Standard Telephones and Cables and operated on the 17-cm wave band. From 13 to 27 July, 606 (City of Glasgow) Squadron AuxAF held its annual camp at Lympne, followed by 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF from 29 July to 12 August. On the weekend of 1–2 September competitions for the Folkestone Aero Trophy and the Wakefield Cup were held. Both competitions were won by pilots flying the de Havilland DH.60 Moth G-AAMU. Later that month a second batch of ten Avro 626s of the Egyptian Army Air Force departed from Lympne for Egypt.
In April 1935, Air Traffic Control in the United Kingdom was improved by the introduction of a new control zone system. Heston was added as a control zone, relieving Croydon of some traffic. As a result of these changes the wavelength used by Lympne for radiotelegraphy changed from 862 metres to 825 metres. Six new direction finding stations were installed as part of these improvements, including one at Lympne. The improvement meant that Croydon would now be able to communicate by radio with two aircraft at the same time. In August Henri Mignet flew his Mignet HM.14 "Flying Flea" across the Channel to Lympne, where the aircraft was demonstrated in front of large crowds. Also that month 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF held its annual camp at Lympne after having converted from a bomber squadron to a fighter squadron earlier in the year.
From 2 to 16 August 1936, No. 601 Squadron held their annual camp at Lympne. One aircraft exhibited at the 1936 International Air Rally was a 1912 Caudron G.2. In November, it was reported that 21 Squadron and 34 Squadron of the RAF were temporarily relocated to Lympne as hangars at RAF Abbotsinch had been damaged in gales. In October 1936, Lympne was again taken over by the RAF, becoming a base within No. 1 (Bomber) Group. Although some improvements were carried out Lympne was initially seen as a temporary station. On 3 November 21 Squadron and 34 Squadron moved in, equipped with Hawker Hind aircraft.
On 4 June 1937, a British Klemm Swallow made a pilot-less take-off from Lympne and flew for some 35 minutes before crashing into a tree. Its resting place was from RAF Hawkinge. On 31 July the Folkestone Trophy was competition was held and was won by Alex Henshaw in a Percival Mew Gull.
On 12 March 1938, Captain Davis, managing director of the Cinque Ports Flying Club, was killed in an accident shortly after take-off from Lympne. On 30 July, the Folkestone Trophy race was held and was won by H Buckingham flying a de Havilland Hornet Moth. 34 Squadron departed Lympne on 12 July, and 21 Squadron departed on 15 August. Lympne was placed under "Care and Maintenance" in October, becoming a Training Command Administration School.
In May 1939, Lympne was transferred to Fighter Command. It was used by the Fleet Air Arm as an outstation for the Air Mechanics School based at HMS "Daedalus". On 1 July 1939, Lympne was taken over by the Fleet Air Arm, becoming HMS "Buzzard". Aircraft at "Buzzard" included Blackburn Sharks and Gloster Gladiators. On 5 August, the Folkestone Trophy Race was held and was won by Andrew Dalrymple flying a Chilton D.W.1A.
The Second World War.
In September 1939, the base was renamed HMS "Daedalus II", but was transferred back to the RAF in May 1940. Early in the war Lympne was home to Army Co-operation and bomber squadrons. During Operation Dynamo in May 1940 a French Air Force squadron was based at Lympne. It was equipped with Marcel Bloch and Potez fighters. On 15 August 1940, during the Battle of Britain, Lympne was bombed by Stuka dive-bombers of II "Gruppe", StG1. All the hangars were hit and those aircraft belonging to Cinque Ports Flying Club that had not been evacuated to Sywell were destroyed in the fire. Lympne was evacuated and only available as an Emergency Landing Ground until mid-September.
In 1941, Lympne was to be the destination for the landing of an aircraft carrying Adolf Hitler in a daring kidnap plot. A man by the name of Kiroff had given information to the British Military Attaché in Sofia, Bulgaria, that he was the brother-in-law of Hans Baur, the personal pilot of Hitler. He stated that Baur was planning to defect using Hitler's Focke-Wulf Fw 200 with him on board. The RAF made plans to receive the aircraft at Lympne and 25 March was the date that the defection was expected to occur. Baur did not defect and spent the war as Hitler's personal pilot. A few weeks later Rudolph Hess defected to Scotland.
Also in March 1941, 91 Squadron moved in, equipped with Spitfires. Additional dispersals and fighter pens as well as three new blister hangars were built during 1941. Typhoons were based at Lympne from March 1942 to February 1944 to counter the threat posed by the Luftwaffe's newly introduced Focke-Wulf Fw 190s and a runway was extended across Otterpool Lane to accommodate the Typhoons. In November 1944, Lympne was downgraded to Emergency Landing Ground status. Consideration was given to building four runways at Lympne, with the longest being , but it was noted that serious demolition work would be required and a number of roads would need to be closed.
Return to civil use.
1946–50.
On 1 January 1946, RAF Lympne was handed over to the Ministry of Civil Aviation and became a civil airport once more. The Cinque Ports Flying Club re-established itself in facilities left by the RAF and re-opened on 12 July. The club possessed two Tiger Moths and an Auster. The first post-war air races were the Folkestone Trophy and the Lympne High Speed Handicap held over the weekend of 31 August and 1 September. The Folkestone Trophy was won by John Grierson flying a Supermarine Walrus (G-AHFN). The Lympne High Speed Handicap was won by W Humble flying a Hawker Fury I. Charter airline Air Kruise (Kent) Ltd was established at Lympne by Wing Commander Hugh Kennard and in September it was reported that the company had received the first civilian Miles Messenger aircraft. Air Kruise also operated Dragon Rapides.
On 1 December 1946, Group Captain A. Bandit departed Lympne in a Miles Gemini bound for Wondai, Australia. This was the first solo flight to Australia since the end of the war. Bandit reached Truscott Airfield, Western Australia, on 6 January 1947 to complete the first post-war England–Australia flight. Air races were held at Lympne on 30 and 31 August and four national records were set (see below).
In July 1948, Silver City Airways started an aerial car ferry service from Lympne to Le Touquet using Bristol Freighter aircraft. At the Lympne Aero Races Lettice Curtis set a new women's world speed record whilst competing in the High Speed Handicap race flying a Spitfire XI. The Cinque Ports Flying Club folded on 1 October, its successor being the Kent Coast Flying Club which was set up by Hugh Kennard and had a Miles Magister (G-AKJX). Kent Gliding Club took up residence, and Skyfotos also made Lympne its base for aerial photography. Aircraft operated by Skyfotos included an Auster Autocrat (G-AIZZ) and a Piper PA-22 Caribbean (G-AREN).
In May 1949, it was reported that Lympne had made a loss of £17,000 and that the Air Ministry was looking to dispose of it, although it was thought that should a sale not materialise it would continue in operation. In August 1950, Air Kruise started a scheduled service between Lympne and Le Touquet using Dragon Rapides. This service was operated under an associate airline agreement with British European Airways.
1951–60.
In December 1951, Lympne was closed to all aircraft exceeding due to the runway being waterlogged and Silver City Airways transferred their service to Southend Airport until Lympne reopened in February 1952. Blackbushe Airport was also used whilst Lympne was closed. On 1 May 1952, a passenger tax was introduced in the United Kingdom. The rate was 5s for passengers arriving from Europe and 7s 6d for those arriving from outside Europe. At the same time landing fees at Government-owned airports were halved where the aircraft was operating an international flight of less than . Silver City Airways would benefit from this concession. Also in May it was reported that Air Kruise were extending the Lympne – Le Touquet service to Ramsgate, as Ramsgate Airport was to be re-opened. In July, the members of Folkestone Town Council visited the Ministry of Civil Aviation in London to discuss the purchase of Lympne Airport.
In February 1953, Lympne was again waterlogged and Silver City Airways operated out of Southend and Blackbushe. The company stated that they were willing to purchase Lympne, but the decision of Folkestone Town Council was still awaited for. By May, Folkestone Town Council had decided not to purchase Lympne and Silver City Airways again expressed an interest in purchasing the airport at a reasonable price. In November, it was announced that Air Kruise had been given permission to operate a scheduled service from Lympne and/or Ramsgate to Birmingham. The service was to be seasonal between April and September, with permission to run the service lasting until 1960. Air Kruise moved its operations to Ramsgate Airport in 1953.
In March 1954, Air Kruise applied for permission to operate Dakotas on routes between Lympne and Le Touquet, Calais and Ostend. On 29 April, the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation offered Lympne for sale by auction in London. Bidding reached £88,000 but the reserve was £100,000 and the airport was not sold. On 28 August, Silver City Airways trialled a Westland-Sikorsky WS-51 helicopter on cross-Channel flights. Permission had been granted for the use of these aircraft for freight operations and it was intended to introduce them on 1 April 1955. On 3 October, Silver City Airways operated their last flight out of Lympne as operations were being transferred to the new Lydd (Ferryfield) Airport which had opened on 6 July 1954. A total of 33,487 car ferry flights had been made from Lympne since the service had started in 1948. As of 1 November, Lympne closed as a public airport, although private flying was allowed as long as no passengers were carried for hire or reward.
In 1955, Air Kruise moved to Lydd (Ferryfield) and Lympne was re-licensed in 1955. On 30 September 1955, Eric Rylands, a former co-owner and managing director of the Lancashire Aircraft Corporation (LAC) who had bought Skyways from the previous owners in March 1952 (together with LAC's other owner, David Brown), started a coach-air service between London and Paris. Passengers were taken by coach from Victoria Coach Station to Lympne, flown to Beauvais and then taken by coach to Paris. Check-in and coach departures in Paris were at the Hôtel Moderne Palace on Place de la Republique in Paris 12. Aircraft and coaches each held 36 passengers. Passengers returning to the UK could order duty-free goods at Paris and the orders were telephoned to Beauvais for distribution on the flight. The off-peak fare was £7 14s 0d and 47,000 passengers were carried in the first year. Three Dakotas were used initially and later increasing to four. A trial run took place on 21 September and Skyways holding company, Eric Rylands Ltd, bought Lympne from the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation in 1956.
In January 1957, Skyways ordered a new Decca type 424 radar for installation at Lympne. In summer 1957, a service was started between Lympne and Vichy, the first service between the UK and Vichy since Hillman's Airways before the war. This was part of Skyways London–Lympne–Lyons–Nice route. Valence was also served by air.
In May 1958, a route to Nice via Lyon was introduced. A temporary service to Brussels via Antwerp operated that year to serve the Brussels International Exhibition. In December, it was announced that an experimental scheme to allow British and Irish subjects to make day-trips abroad without needing a passport was to be introduced on a limited number of routes, including Lympne–Beauvais. An identity card would be issued in lieu of a passport and the experiment was to run from Easter to the end of September 1959.
On 15 March 1959, RAF Detling closed and the land was sold back to its pre-war tenants, who did not wish for any flying to take place. As a consequence the Kent Gliding Club relocated temporarily to Lympne. In June, Skyways signed a letter of intent to purchase a number of Avro 748 aircraft. "Flight" magazine stated that the number involved was "about four". Skyways were the first airline to make a public announcement of support for the then yet-to-fly airliner. In autumn 1960, Lympne was closed for a few days due to waterlogging of the runway.
1961–70.
On 3 May 1961, Skyways signed a contract for the purchase of three Avro 748s at a cost of £750,000. On 6 November, the process of final certification of the Avro 748 began. A programme of 160 hours of flying, simulating airline service, took place over the following 19 days and included a break for maintenance on 16 November. The programme also allowed Skyways pilots to gain further experience towards the 50 hours in command they needed before they could fly the aircraft in service. The aircraft was returned to Avro at the end of the trials as it was not scheduled to be delivered to Skyways until 1 March 1962.
On 15 March 1962, a bomb disposal officer was killed at Lympne when the pipe mine he was attempting to make safe exploded. The Army temporarily suspended their bomb disposal operations as a result. Skyways supplemented their Dakotas with an Avro 748 (G-ARMV) which operated its first revenue-earning flight on 17 April 1962. In July, it was reported that Skyways had extended the passenger terminal at Lympne. In November, Skyways was taken over by Euravia, excluding Skyways Coach-Air which remained a separate company.
In 1963, three Avro 748s were in service and two of Skyways Coach-Air's Dakotas were converted to freighters. During the winter of 1962–63, the 748s continued to operate a normal service out of Lympne. In October 1964, Skyways Coach-Air moved out of its London offices and all operations were now at Lympne, although a sales office was retained in London. The Cinque Ports Flying Club was restarted in 1964 by Barry Damon and had 120 members by 1968. The club aircraft were a Beechcraft Bonanza, Beechcraft Musketeers and a Bölkow Monsun.
In March 1965, a NOTAM was issued of changes had been made into the arrangements for light aircraft crossing the Channel. These changes were partly to avoid conflict with traffic flying into Lydd (Ferryfield). Non-radio aircraft could use the route between Hythe and Ambleteuse. Non-radio aircraft were advised to call at Lympne before crossing. On 11 July, one of Skyways Coach Air's Avro 748s crashed on landing at Lympne.
Following the 1965 accident, which had been caused by the nose-wheel of the aircraft digging into soft ground, a concrete runway was constructed. It was reported in January 1968 that planning permission had been granted and the new runway came into use on 11 April 1968. Skyways Coach-Air leased an Avro 748 from Leeward Islands Air Transport in 1968 for a two-year period to replace the aircraft lost in the 1965 accident.
A new terminal building opened in June 1969. Sheila Scott performed the ceremony, arriving in her record-breaking Piper Comanche G-ATOY "Myth Too". On 10 June, the airport was renamed "Ashford Airport", identifying the airport with the nearby town of Ashford which was scheduled for rapid growth. To mark the occasion a plaque was unveiled by Leader of the Opposition Edward Heath.
1971–84.
A financial crisis at Skyways Coach-Air in 1970 resulted in a management buy-out in 1971. Under the name Skyways International, services were operated from Lympne to Beauvais, Clermont-Ferrand and Montpellier. In 1971, to celebrate the management buyout of Skyways Coach-Air and subsequent renaming as "Skyways International", an air rally was held at Lympne. Ray Hanna attended in a Spitfire. Skyways International was bought by Dan-Air in February 1972, with operations continuing under the "Dan-Air Skyways" name.
In October 1974, commercial activities ceased at Lympne and Business Air Travel, Dan-Air and Skyfotos left. In 1982, the airfield was in use by the Ashford Parachute Centre with a Super Cub in residence in July 1983. The Eagle Parachute School also used Lympne before leaving for Headcorn. In 1983, Luscombe Aircraft was based at Lympne producing their Luscombe Rattler, a military version of the Luscombe Vitality. The Cinque Ports Flying Club moved to Lydd in 1984.
Light Aircraft Trials.
Light Aviation Trials were held at Lympne in 1923, 1924 and 1926 sponsored by the "Daily Mail". The 1923 competition was for aircraft with maximum engine capacity of . This increased to in 1924 and was replaced by an engine weight limit of in 1926. The rules for 1924 and 1926 required two-seat, dual-control aircraft. Aircraft that entered production after competing at the Light Aviation Trials include the Avro Avian, Blackburn Bluebird and Westland Widgeon, although these had larger engines. The 1924 competition was won by the Beardmore WB XXIV Wee Bee powered by a Bristol Cherub engine. The 1926 competition was won by a Hawker Cygnet.
Air racing.
Pre-war air races.
Air racing at Lympne began in 1923. On 25 June 1923 the Grosvenor Cup was held at Lympne. There were ten entrants, of which nine competed. The cup was competed for over a course that started and finished at Lympne. The route being Lympne–Croydon–Birmingham–Bristol–Croydon–Lympne, a total distance of . The race was won by Walter Longton, with Fred Raynham second and Bert Hinkler third. Major Foot was killed when his aircraft crashed at Chertsey, Surrey, on the Bristol–Croydon leg caused by the structural failure of the port wing. Lympne was a checkpoint during the 1928 King's Cup Race and two local newspapers, the "Folkestone Herald" and "Kent Evening Echo" offered a cup to the fastest private pilot on the leg from Southampton to Lympne. It was won by Sqn Ldr H. Probyn in a Westland Widgeon, who beat Norman Jones in a de Havilland DH.60 Moth by four seconds.
Competitors
The Light Aircraft Trials included a speed section over a triangular course of Lympne-Postling-Brabourne-Lympne. The Folkestone Aero Trophy was held at Lympne in 1932 and the Wakefield Cup races in 1933. The final air race before the Second World War was the Folkestone Aero Trophy on 5 August 1939. This was won by Andrew Dalrymple in Chilton D.W.1 (G-AFSV).
Races at Lympne:-
Post-war air races.
With the resumption of civil flying in 1946, a number of air races were held. The 1946 Folkestone Aero Trophy was won by John Grierson in Supermarine Walrus G-AHFN. The 1946 Siddeley Trophy was won by R Pomphret in Tiger Moth G-AHNX. The four aircraft in the 1946 High Speed Handicap were a Vampire (flown by Geoffrey de Havilland), Hornet (Geoffrey Pike), Fury (William Humble) and Seafang (Guy Morgan). The race was won by the Fury flown by Humble. John Cunningham competed in the 1947 High Speed Handicap in Vampire F1 "VZ332", coming sixth. Peter Twiss flying a Firefly IV won the high-speed race at . The winner received the Hythe Aero Trophy and £100. The 1948 High Speed Handicap Race was won by Flt Lt J Colquhoun in a two-seat Spitfire. The course was Capel airship hangar, Folkestone pier and Hythe gas holder. In 1950, competitors in the Daily Express South Coast Air Race used Lympne before the race started. This race was won by Nick Charlton in Proctor G-AHUZ.
Races held at Lympne:-
Record breakers.
Lympne was the start and finish for several record attempts. Wing Commander E. R. Manning left for India in a Westland Widgeon in 1923, but only got as far as Baghdad. In 1930 the Fokker F VIIA (G-EBTS) "The Spider" flown by Charles Douglas Barnard and R F Little, with Mary Russell, Duchess of Bedford as passenger, left Lympne for Maitland Airport, Cape Town, which was reached in a record 100 hours. In 1931 C.W.A. Scott set a UK-Australia record in a DH.60 (G-ABHY). On the return he landed at Lympne in the aircraft which had been re-registered VH-UQA. Also in 1931 Glen Kitson and Owen Cathcart-Jones left Lympne bound for Cape Town in a Lockheed DL-1 Vega Special. Cape Town was reached in 6 days, 10 hours. On 31 October C. Arthur Butler flew from Lympne to Darwin in a Comper Swift (G-ABRE), beating C.W.A. Scott's record by 102 minutes.
In October 1932, a Spartan A.24 Mailplane (G-ABLI) left Lympne en route for Karachi from Blackpool. Karachi was reached in less than six days. On 14 November 1932, Amy Johnson left Lympne for Cape Town in DH.80a Puss Moth (G-ACAB). She beat her husband Jim Mollison's time by 10 hours and 28 minutes, setting a new UK-South Africa record. On the return she also set a new South Africa-UK record. On 11 April 1933, William Newton Lancaster departed Lympne in an Avro Avian V (G-ABLK) "Southern Cross Minor" to beat Amy Johnson's UK-South Africa record. The aircraft crashed in the Sahara next day and although Lancaster survived he died eight days later when his water ran out. On 2 November 1934, Owen Cathcart Jones and Ken Waller landed at Lympne in a de Havilland Comet (G-ACSR) after a record breaking flight from Australia to the United Kingdom. Harold Broadbent landed at Lympne in a DH.85 Leopard Moth (VH-AHB) on arrival from Australia on 27 April 1937, filmed by Gaumont News, and an Australia-UK record was set. On 24 October 1937 Jean Batten flew to Lympne in a Percival Gull Six (G-ADPR), having set a solo Australia-UK record and female Australia-UK record.
In 1947, four national records were set at the Lympne Air Races.
On 8 May 1960, a world record was set for the distance flown by a model aircraft at . The wingspan aircraft had taken off from Lympne and was flown by radio control from cars to Sidcup.
Cinque Ports Flying Club.
Club flying started in November 1927 with the East Kent Flying Club and although membership reached 220 by 1931 the club was struggling financially. On 1 January 1932 it became part of Brooklands Aviation and was renamed as the Cinque Ports Flying Club. Lympne was visited by many aviation personalities. Ken Waller learnt to fly at Lympne and became a long-distance and race pilot. W. E. Davis was the secretary/manager of Cinque Ports Flying Club from 1932 until his death in 1938. His wife Ann took over the position in the 18 months leading up to the Second World War. On 22 May 1937 the Duke and Duchess of Kent visited Lympne in an Airspeed Envoy (G-AEXX) of the King's Flight while visiting Shorncliffe Barracks. From 1938 the club participated in the Civil Air Guard training programme, giving subsidised flying lessons. The Currie Wot was designed and built at Lympne. The Cinque Ports Flying Club restarted after the war but folded on 1 October 1948.
Silver City Airways.
Silver City Airways moved to Lympne in 1948, operating Bristol Freighter Mk.21 aircraft and an aerial car ferry to Le Touquet started on 13 July 1948. The air ferry was the idea of Griffith J Powell, who wanted to holiday in France but did not like the ferry. Bristol lent an aircraft for an experiment on 7 July 1948. The first car was Powell's Armstrong Siddeley 16 which was carried by G-AGVC.The Bristol Freighter Mk.21 could carry two cars. Although only 170 cars were carried in 1948, experience was gained.
The service was initially operated on a charter basis. Having closed down over the winter, the service was resumed as a scheduled service on 13 April 1949. During 1949, two aircraft carried 2,700 cars. By 1950 the figures had risen to 3,850 cars and 1,000 motorcycles and other vehicles with passengers totalling 15,000. In that year, a London driver offered a London-Paris taxi service. Silver City Airways had estimated that they would carry nearly 7,000 cars in 1953, but this figure was reached in 1951. The three aircraft had to be doubled to six to cope. Over 13,000 vehicles were carried, with 42 return flights daily at peak times. The time between Lympne and Le Touquet was 18 minutes.
In February 1953, Lympne was waterlogged and services were temporarily transferred to Southend. In September waterlogging again stopped the air ferry, which was transferred to RAF West Malling. Six Bristol Freighter Mk.32s were introduced in March 1953, at a cost of £540,000, which could each carry three cars and a service to Ostend was started with the aircraft. Skyways remained at Lympne until October 1954 when it moved to Lydd (Ferryfield). On 3 October 1954, the last Silver City flight to Le Touquet was operated by Bristol Freighter G-AIFV. Silver City moved to Lydd because the runway at Lympne was not suitable. Although it had campaigned for improvements to the runway and was Lympne's biggest customer the airfields owners, the Ministry of Civil Aviation, refused. Silver City said it would build an airport suitable for its needs at Lydd.

</doc>
<doc id="20545917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545917" title="Hank Reinhardt">
Hank Reinhardt

Julius Henry ("Hank") Reinhardt (January 18, 1934-October 30, 2007) was an American author, editor, science fiction fan, and noted armorer and authority on medieval weaponry. He wrote as Hank Reinhardt, the nickname by which he was widely known. He was the husband of editor Toni Weisskopf, formerly married to publisher Jim Baen, whom she succeeded as publisher of Baen Books.
Life and family.
Reinhardt was born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia. He served in the U.S. Army in Europe in the 1950s. He later lived for many years in Alabama. He was married twice, first to Janet, who predeceased him and with whom he had two daughters, and second to Toni Weisskopf. He died in Athens, Georgia at the age of seventy-three of a staph infection contracted in the wake of heart bypass surgery. He was survived by his second wife, daughters Dana and Cathy, and two grandchildren.
Career.
Interested in knives and swords from an early age, Reinhardt furthered his education in arms during his Army service and through visits to various European museums. Back in America he held a number of jobs before joining in the 1980s with Bill Adams, president of Atlanta Cutlery, to establish Museum Replicas Ltd., a mail order firm specializing in recreations of medieval weaponry and armor. Thanks in part to Reinhardt's access to the Tower of London Armories, facilitated by his friendship with Ewart Oakeshott, the Armories' head curator, the firm was able to produce quality replicas, many made and tested by Reinhardt himself. He remained connected to the company as a consultant until his death, and also served as a consultant to other sword makers.
Literary career.
Reinhardt was a prolific author of articles on swords and knives, and wrote a column on swords in the movies for "Blade" magazine. Together with Gerald W. Page he edited the anthology "Heroic Fantasy" (DAW Books, 1979. He had a book on the history of the sword in progress at the time of his death. It was published after his death by Baen Books as "The Book of Swords". He also produced two videos on the sword with Paladin Press. In addition, he played an integral role in "Reclaiming the Blade", which includes an in depth interview detailing his experiences in Historical European Martial Arts (HEMA).
Career in science fiction fandom.
A pivotal figure in Southern science fiction fandom for more than half a century, Reinhardt helped establish ASFO, the earliest science fiction club in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1950. He subsequently co-founded the first such club in Birmingham, Alabama as well. He served as a guest speaker, panelist on arms and armor, and demonstrator of medieval fighting techniques at many science fiction conventions. He also founded the Historical Armed Combat Association and branches of the Society for Creative Anachronism in Alabama, Georgia, and Louisiana.
Recognition.
Reinhardt received a number of awards in recognition of his fan activity and promotion of medieval weaponry, including the 1973 Rebel Award, DragonCon's 1990 Georgia Fandom Award (of which he was the inaugural recipient), and the 2006 Blade Show in Atlanta's Industry Achievement Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20545925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545925" title="Phyllidiidae">
Phyllidiidae

Phyllidiidae is a family of sea slugs, dorid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Phyllidioidea.
This family is within the clade Doridacea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
Most species occur in the tropical Indo-Pacific region, but a few species have been found in the tropical Atlantic Ocean and in the Mediterranean.
Description.
The mantle of these oval nudibranchs is flattened dorsoventrally and its dorsal surface is covered with hard, colored tubercles. This mantle is decorated with contrasting colors and patterns as warning signals to predators. The lamellate rhinophores can be retracted. Like other dorid nudibranchs, all species have a dorsal anus, except for the species in the genus "Fryeria" where the anus is posteroventral and protrusible. In contrast with the other nudibranchs from the clade Doridacea, the species in this family lack buccal armature, i. e. radulae and jaws. The gill leaflets are situated along the ventral area and to the side (= ventrolateral ) instead of consisting of a dorsomedian ( = along the middle line of the upper surface) circlet . The oral glands, which are closely associated with the pharynx and contained in the oral tube, and the stomach have undergone modifications. The female part in the reproductive system of these hermaphroditic snails has two separate openings and the male part one. This is called a triaulic reproductive system. It corresponds to the same triaulic condition of the advanced dorids.
Most phyllidiids occur in their natural context during day time in conspicuous way and show themselves exposed to the predators. However their colors are warning signals indicating special capabilities to deter predators, such as bioactive chemical defense. This phenomenon is called aposematism. During observations, only one species was found always hidden : "Phylliopsis cardinalis" Bergh 
Feeding habits.
There are not many reports on the ecology and the feeding habits of these nudibranchs. As their small mouth lacks a radula and other buccal hard parts, they are known as predators adapted for sucking on sponges. "Phyllidia varicosa" has been observed feeding on a sponge of the genus "Hymeniacidon". "Phyllidia flava" has been reported feeding on the sponge "Acanthella acuta"
Taxonomy.
The original spelling was denoted as family Phyllidia. Jean-Baptiste Lamarck coined the words "les Phyllidiens" and "les phyllidéens" (1801; 1809). These were later Latinized by J.G. Children (1823) to Phyllidiana, who put them in Hydrobranchiae. The present name Phyllidiidae is now attributed to Rafinesque and not to Lamarck.
There has been much confusion in the taxonomy of this family, caused by inadequate descriptions. David J. Brunckhorst in his book "The Systematics and Phylogeny of Phyllidiid Nudibranchs (Doridoidea)" has brought a thorough review of this family.
Genera.
The family Phyllidiidae consists of five genera with a total of more than 80 species.
Phylogenetic analysis through cladistics shows that the family Phyllidiidae is monophyletic. The phylogenetic tree shows that "Ceratophyllidia" is sister to the rest of the family and "Phyllidiopsis" sister to the remaining genera, "Phyllidiella" sister to the remaining genera, and "Reticulidia" sister to "Phyllidia " and "Fryeria".

</doc>
<doc id="20545948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545948" title="2008 JB Group Classic">
2008 JB Group Classic

The 2008 JB Group Classic is a women's exhibition (no points for the world ranking can be earned) tennis tournament organized at the beginning of each season.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Elena Dementieva "(Semifinals)
<li> Daniela Hantuchová "(Quarterfinals)
<li> Caroline Wozniacki "(Quarterfinals)
<li> Peng Shuai "(Quarterfinals)

</doc>
<doc id="20545960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545960" title="Vaughan Smith">
Vaughan Smith

Henry Vaughan Lockhart Smith (born 22 July 1963) is an English restaurateur, sustainable farmer, news pioneer and independent video journalist. He ran the freelance agency Frontline News TV and founded the Frontline Club in London. "The Guardian" has described him as "a former army officer, journalist adventurer and rightwing libertarian."
Early life.
Smith's father was a Queen's Messenger and a colonel in the Grenadier Guards. Smith was an officer in the same regiment, serving in Northern Ireland, Cyprus and Germany. Smith captained the Army shooting team and won the inter-army rifle shooting championship. Prior to setting up Frontline News TV, he was briefly a microlight test pilot.
Career.
In the 1990s, Smith worked as an independent cameraman and video news journalist covering wars and conflict in Iraq, Afghanistan, Bosnia, Chechnya, Kosovo, and elsewhere. Smith himself filmed the only uncontrolled footage of the Gulf War in 1991, after he bluffed his way into an active-duty unit while disguised as a British Army officer.
During the '90s, Smith also ran "Frontline News TV", an agency set up in 1989 to represent the interests of young video journalists who wanted to push the envelope of their profession. The workings of "Frontline News TV" captured the imagination of a generation of young freelancers and was described by the BBC world affairs editor John Simpson as one of the "high peaks of journalism". Its history has been detailed in a book "Frontline: Reporting From the World's Deadliest Places", by David Loyn of the BBC.
During Smith's time as a freelance, he worked for many of the world's leading television stations and became an expert on, and advocator of, greater support for freelances operating in war zones. He has worked on journalist safety programmes.
As a freelance cameraman, he won, either individually or part of a team, 28 news awards (see below).
Smith has been shot twice, but escaped both times with light injuries. While he was filming the Serbian action at Prekaz in April 1998, a bullet lodged in his mobile telephone.
Current activities.
Smith founded the Frontline Club in London in 2003 as an institution to champion independent journalism and promote better understanding of international news and its coverage.
Smith also runs a mixed organic farm on his estate at Ellingham Hall, in Norfolk, a "sprawling and elegant Georgian manor house near the town of Bungay" which has belonged to his family for more than three centuries. The estate is "urrounded by 600 acres of woods and fields. . . . It has 10 bedrooms, a large dining room with a convivial circular table, and portraits of Smith's ancestors hanging on the walls. There is a housekeeper who cooks meals." The farm provides the seasonal food for the Frontline Club and its public restaurant.
Julian Assange.
In 2010, Smith gave refuge to Julian Assange, the founder of whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks, first at the Frontline Club and then at his country house.
He said of his decision to house Assange: "Having watched him give himself up last week to the British justice system, I took the decision that I would do whatever else it took to ensure that he is not denied his basic rights as a result of the anger of the powerful forces he has enraged."
"It was about standing up to the bully and the question of whether our country, in these historic times, really was the tolerant, independent and open place I had been brought up to believe it was and feel that it needs to be." 
Having backed Julian Assange by offering surety in December 2010, he lost the money in June 2012 when a judge ordered it to be forfeited, as Assange had sought to escape the jurisdiction of the English courts by entering the embassy of Ecuador. At the Westminster magistrates court in October 2012, Smith plead on behalf of himself and eight other Assange sureties to keep their money, arguing they could not "meaningfully intervene in this matter […] between the Ecuadorean, British, Swedish, US and Austrailan governments."
Personal life.
Smith lives at Ellingham Hall in Norfolk, England, with his wife. He has five children.
Awards.
As a freelance cameraman Smith won, either individually or as part of a team, 28 news awards. Most of them were for "The Valley", a film which Smith produced about the Kosovo War, which remains one of the most acclaimed documentary ever shown on the UK's Channel 4 television.
In 2007, Smith was the joint winner of a Media Guardian Innovation Award and in 2008 a Rory Peck Award finalist for his independent video blog from Afghanistan, "From the Frontline".
Giving a speech at the Rory Peck Awards ceremony, Smith strongly criticised news broadcasters for failing to give cameramen due recognition for their work. "I've been shot more times than I have been credited by the BBC," he said. "Without the recognition we deserve we spill our blood anonymously, consigned to the margins."

</doc>
<doc id="20545962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545962" title="A Little Vicious">
A Little Vicious

A Little Vicious is a 1991 American short documentary film directed by Immy Humes about a dog in Connecticut about to be killed for biting people, until animal trainer Vicki Hearne steps in to help. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20545964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545964" title="RAF Lympne">
RAF Lympne

RAF Lympne was a Royal Air Force station used during the First and Second World Wars. It opened in 1916 by the Royal Flying Corps as an acceptance point for aircraft being delivered to, and returned from, France. It was later designated as a First Class Landing Ground. In 1919, the airfield was turned over to civil use as Lympne Airport, serving until 1939 when it was requisitioned by the Fleet Air Arm as HMS "Buzzard", later being renamed HMS "Daedalus II".
In 1940, it was taken over by the Royal Air Force, becoming RAF Lympne once again. Lympne was heavily bombed during the Battle of Britain, putting the base out of action for a number of weeks. It was to have been the landing point for a German aircraft in a plot to kidnap Adolf Hitler involving the defection of pilot Hans Baur. Preparations were made by the Royal Air Force for his arrival. Later in the war, Lympne was used as an Emergency Landing Ground for bombers returning from raids in Europe. In 1946, RAF Lympne closed, returning to use as a civil airport which continued until 1984.
History.
First World War.
Work began on creating a landing ground at Folks Wood, Lympne in the autumn of 1915. This site soon proved unsuitable and another site was sought. Lympne was established in March 1916 as an Emergency Landing Ground for the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) home defence fighters defending London against Zeppelins and Gotha bombers. By October 1916 Bessonneau hangars and other technical buildings had been erected and Lympne Castle was being used as an officers mess and No. 1 Advanced School of Air Gunnery operated from Lympne during January and February 1917. In January 1917 it was designated as No. 8 Aircraft Acceptance Park for delivery of aircraft to, and reception from, France. A spur to Westenhanger railway station allowed delivery of aircraft for final assembly at Lympne and three pairs of permanent hangars were erected to enable aircraft assembly. A variety of aircraft were passed through Lympne including Handley Page O/100 and Handley Page O/400 bombers.
On 25 May 1917 Lympne was bombed by Gotha G.IV bombers of "Kagohl 3" who dropped 19 bombs on the airfield. In August 1917 questions were asked in Parliament by Peter Kerr-Smiley about the lack of leave for RFC Lympne pilots who had not had any in over a year. Under-Secretary of State for War Ian Macpherson stated that the pilots would be allowed leave when conditions allowed. No. 69 Squadron RAF arrived on 24 August equipped with the Royal Aircraft Factory R.E.8 and departed on 9 September.
In 1918 Lympne was a First Class Landing Ground and used by Sopwith Camels of No. 50 Squadron RFC (Home Defence Squadron) and in January 1918 No. 120 Squadron RFC (Bomber Squadron) was formed at Lympne. On 1 March No. 98 Squadron RFC arrived equipped with Airco DH.9 bomber aircraft, departing on 1 April. The Day and Night Bombing Observation School was formed here in May.
On 16 February 1919 a cadre of No. 108 Squadron RAF arrived followed by a cadre of No. 102 Squadron RAF on 26 March—Both squadrons departed on 3 July. On 17 July No. 120 Squadron returned and flew air mail services between Lympne and Cologne, Germany, during July and August 1919 using DH.9 aircraft fitted with B.H.P. (Beardmore Halford Pullinger) engines. This service ended on 1 September 1919 when 120 squadron moved to Hawkinge. Hawkinge and Lympne lay within a few miles of each other and the Air Ministry could not justify keeping the two bases open following the end of the war; Hawkinge was the one retained. In August 1919, the Royal Air Force (RAF) – as the RFC had by then become, moved out of Lympne, and it was turned over to civilian use, although 120 Squadron did not depart until 21 October.
Between the wars.
Between the wars, the airport was used for annual camps by squadrons of the Auxiliary Air Force.
On 1 August 1931, No. 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF began its annual camp at Lympne. In August 1933, No. 601 (County of London) Squadron again held its annual camp at Lympne. They were visited by the Marquess of Londonderry, who was the Secretary of State for Air. The squadron was equipped with Hawker Harts. From 13 to 27 July 1934, 606 (City of Glasgow) Squadron AuxAF held its annual camp at Lympne, followed by 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF from 29 July to 12 August. In August 1935, 601 (County of London) Squadron AuxAF held its annual camp at Lympne. The squadron having converted from a bomber squadron to a fighter squadron earlier in the year. From 2 to 16 August 1936, 601 Squadron held their annual camp at Lympne. 
In November, it was reported that 21 Squadron and 34 Squadron were temporarily relocated to Lympne as hangars at RAF Abbotsinch had been damaged in gales. In October 1936, Lympne was again taken over by the RAF, becoming a base within No. 1 (Bomber) Group. Although some improvements were carried out, Lympne was initially seen as a temporary station. On 3 November, 21 Squadron and 34 Squadron moved in, equipped with Hawker Hind aircraft. On 12 July 1938, 34 Squadron departed Lympne followed by 21 Squadron departing on 15 August. Lympne was placed under "Care and Maintenance" in October 1938, becoming a Training Command Administration School. In May 1939, Lympne was transferred to Fighter Command. It was used by the Fleet Air Arm as an outstation for the Air Mechanics School based at HMS "Daedalus" near Portsmouth. On 1 July 1939, Lympne was taken over by the Fleet Air Arm, becoming HMS "Buzzard". Aircraft at "Buzzard" included Blackburn Sharks and Gloster Gladiators.
Second World War.
In September 1939, the base was renamed HMS "Daedalus II", but was transferred back to the RAF in May 1940. Early in the war Lympne was home to Army Co-operation and Bomber squadrons. From 19 to 22 May 1940, 2 Squadron, 16 Squadron, 18 Squadron, 23 Squadron, 53 Squadron and 59 Squadron moved in. Nos 2, 16 and 26 Squadrons were equipped with Westland Lysander aircraft. The Lysanders or 16 Squadron and 26 Squadron were used on "back violet" missions, in support of the remaining British troops following the Battle of France. Nos 18, 53 and 59 Squadrons were equipped with Bristol Blenheims. The Blenheim squadrons departed Lympne on 21 May after a stay of just two or three days. On 23 May, Lympne became the HQ of 51 Wing. During Operation Dynamo in May 1940, a French Air Force squadron with its Bloch and Potez fighters was based at Lympne. It was equipped 
On 3 June, 16 Squadron left Lympne, followed by 2 and 26 Squadrons on 8 June, at which date Lympne ceased to be the HQ of 51 Wing. During the Battle of Britain Lympne was a satellite airfield for the stations of 11 Group, being used as a forward stage for flights and not the base for any squadron.
On 15 August 1940 during the Battle of Britain, Lympne was bombed by Stuka dive-bombers of II "Gruppe", StG1. All the hangars were hit and those aircraft belonging to Cinque Ports Flying Club that had not been evacuated to Sywell were destroyed in the fire. Lympne was evacuated and only available as an Emergency Landing Ground until mid-September, when a flight of Spitfires from 91 Squadron arrived.
In 1941, Lympne was to be the destination for the landing of an aircraft carrying Adolf Hitler in a daring kidnap plot. A man by the name of Kiroff had given information to the British Military Attaché in Sofia, Bulgaria that he was the brother-in-law of Hans Baur, the personal pilot of Hitler. He stated that Baur was planning to defect using Hitler's aircraft, a Focke-Wulf Fw 200, with him on board. The RAF made plans to receive the aircraft at Lympne and 25 March was the date that the defection was expected to occur. Baur did not defect, spending the war as Hitler's personal pilot. Also in March 1941, 91 Squadron moved in, equipped with Spitfires. Additional dispersals and fighter pens were built and three new blister hangars were built during 1941. 
Typhoons from 1 Squadron were based at Lympne from March 1942 to February 1944 to counter the thread posed by the Luftwaffe's newly introduced Focke-Wulf Fw 190s. A runway was extended across Otterpool Lane to accommodate the Typhoons.
In May 1942, Whirlwinds of 137 Squadron were detached from RAF Manston. On 30 June 1942, 72 Squadron and 133 Squadron moved in, equipped with Spitfires. Both squadrons departed on 12 July, but 133 Squadron returned on 17 August for five days. On 14 August, Spitfire-equipped 401 (RCAF) Squadron moved in, both in preparation for the Dieppe Raid. On 2 October, 65 Squadron moved in, equipped with Spitfires. The squadron left Lympne on 11 October.
On 15 March 1943, 1 Squadron moved in, equipped with Typhoons. A detachment from 245 Squadron also arrived that month, also equipped with Typhoons. The detachment remained at Lympne until May. In June, the detachment from 137 Squadron ended. In On 18 August, 609 Squadron move in, equipped with Typhoons, staying until 14 December. 609 squadron operated missions in preparation for D-Day, participating in attacks against "Doodlebug" launch sites in the Pas de Calais. The squadron included the only German to fly for the RAF, Ken Adam. In December 1943, rocket armed Hawker Hurricanes of 137 Squadron were at Lympne for anti-shipping duties.
In January 1944, 609 squadron was re-equipped with Typhoons. In 15 February, 1 Squadron departed. On 1 March, 186 Squadron arrived, followed by 130 Squadron on 5 April, which was the day 186 Squadron departed. At some point after 2 April 137 Squadron departed. On 15 May, 74 Squadron arrived, followed by 127 Squadron the following day. On 1 July, 310 squadron arrived. On 3 July, Lympne became the HQ of 134 (Czech) Wing, that day also saw the departure of 74 Squadron. It was followed by the arrival of 312 Squadron and 313 Squadron on 4 July. These squadrons were all equipped with Spitfires. Also on 4 July 127 Squadron departed. On 11 July 310, 313 and 313 Squadrons departed. They were replaced by 1 Squadron, which was now equipped with Spitfires, 41 Squadron, 130 Squadron, and 504 Squadron, also equipped with Spitfires. On 12 July 504 Squadron departed, being replaced by 165 Squadron. On 10 August, 1 Squadron and 165 Squadron departed. The next day, 130 Squadron returned. On 8 September, 403 Squadron (RCAF) equipped with Spitfire IXs arrived in support of D-Day. On 27 August, Lympne ceased to be the HQ of 134 (Czech) Wing. On 29 September, 350 (Belgian) Squadron arrived, equipped with Spitfire XIVs. They were followed on 12 September by 610 Squadron and 350 Squadron on 29 September. The next day, 130 Squadron departed. In November, a detachment from 567 Squadron arrived. On 3 December 350 Squadron departed, followed by 610 Squadron the next day and 41 Squadron the day after that. Lympne was then downgraded to Emergency Landing Ground status. Consideration was given to building four runways at Lympne, with the longest being long, but it was noted that serious demolition work would be required and a number of roads would need to be closed.
In March 1945, a detachment from 598 Squadron arrived, departing the following month. This was followed by the arrival 451 Squadron and 453 Squadron on 6 April, equipped with Spitfires. On 2 May 453 squadron departed, followed by 451 Squadron the following day. The detachment from 567 Squadron departed in June. On 1 January 1946, RAF Lympne was handed over to the Ministry of Civil Aviation and became a civil airport once more, serving until closure in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20545980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545980" title="Amokrane Oualiken">
Amokrane Oualiken

Amokrane «Da Mokrane» Oualiken (April 6, 1933 – June 22, 2010) was an Algerian football player and manager
Career.
Oualiken was born in Ben Aknoun, Alger, Algeria.
He was a member of the Algerian FLN team, and played mostly as an attacking midfielder on the left wing.
Oualiken died on June 22, 2010 in Ben Aknoun, Alger.
Coaching career.
Oualiken was also coach of the football section of the Algerian Gendarmerie from 1969 to 1977. In 1977, he became the Technical Director of now defunct club DNC Alger, helping the team climb from the amateur divisions up to the top flight and win the Algerian Cup in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20545984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545984" title="Katherine Porterfield">
Katherine Porterfield

Kate Porterfield is an American child psychologist with a background in treating survivors of torture.
She is a staff psychologist at the Bellevue/NYU Program for Survivors of Torture at New York's Bellevue Hospital.
Porterfield is also on Faculty at New York University's Medical School.
Education.
Porterfield earned her PhD at the University of Michigan in 1998.
Career.
Porterfield's advice was cited as New York City coped with the trauma of al Qaeda's surprise attacks on September 11, 2001.
Porterfield has been called upon to serve as a public speaker on the effects of torture on children.
Porterfield is also an expert in using art therapy and improvisational theater to reach traumatized children. Porterfield was later called upon by the Center for Constitutional Rights to provide training in how to address torture survivors for the attorneys who volunteered to serve on behalf of Guantanamo captives. She also helped Guantanamo captives' attorneys to deal with transferred trauma—trauma felt after hearing about torture. Porterfield is the first psychologist authorized to travel to Guantanamo to conduct a psychological evaluation of a captive—visiting Omar Khadr, a captive who was captured when he was fifteen years old. She has also worked with Amanda Lindhout, following her release from Somali captivity in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20545991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20545991" title="NGC 7424">
NGC 7424

NGC 7424 is a barred spiral galaxy located 37.5 million light-years away in the southern constellation Grus (the Crane). Its structure and diameter (about 100,000 light-years) make it similar to our own galaxy, the Milky Way.
It is called a "grand design" galaxy because of its well defined spiral arms. One supernova and two ultraluminous X-ray sources have been discovered in NGC 7424. 
Characteristics.
NGC 7424 is intermediate between normal spirals (SA) and strongly barred galaxies (SB). Other features include the presence of a central ring-like structure and a relatively low core brightness relative to the arms. The redder color of the prominent bar indicates an older population of stars while the bright blue color of the loose arms indicates the presence of ionised hydrogen and clusters of massive young stars. NGC 7424 is listed as a member of the IC 1459 Grus Group of galaxies, but is suspected of being a "field galaxy"; that is, not gravitationally bound to any group.
Supernova 2001ig.
SN 2001ig was a rare Type IIb supernova discovered by Australian amateur Robert Evans on the outer edge of NGC 7424 on 10 December 2001. 
Type IIb supernovae (SNe) initially exhibit spectral lines of hydrogen (like typical Type II's), but these disappear after a short time to be replaced by lines of oxygen, calcium and magnesium (like typical Type Ib's and Ic's). 
On 28 May 2002 Cambridge University astrophysicist Stuart Ryder et al. found what they believe is the binary companion to SN 2001ig. It is a massive O or B class star that had an eccentric orbit around the progenitor, a Wolf-Rayet star. They believe that the companion periodically stripped the outer hydrogen-rich envelope of the progenitor, accounting for the observed spectral changes.
Princeton University fellow Alicia Soderberg et al. also believe that the progenitor was a Wolf-Rayet star, but suggest that the periodic mass loss was a result of the intense stellar wind these stars produce.
Ultraluminous X-ray sources.
In May and June 2002 Roberto Soria and his colleagues at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics discovered two Ultraluminous X-ray sources (ULXs) with the Chandra X-ray Observatory. ULXs are objects that emit tremendous amounts of X-rays (> 1032 watts or 1039 erg/s), assuming they radiate isotropically (the same in all directions). This amount is larger than currently understood stellar processes (including supernovae) but smaller than the amount of X-rays emitted by active galactic nuclei, which accounts for their alternate name, Intermediate-luminosity X-ray Objects (IXOs). The source designated ULX1 was found in a relatively empty interarm region, far from any bright clusters or star-forming complexes, and showed a 75% increase in X-ray luminosity over the course of 20 days. ULX2 was found in an exceptionally bright young stellar complex, and showed an order of magnitude increase over the same time period.

</doc>
<doc id="20546014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546014" title="Flabellina affinis">
Flabellina affinis

Flabellina affinis is a species of sea slug, an aolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
Description.
The species can grow to a length of 50 mm . It feeds primarily on species of "Eudendrium", a very common hydroid genus in the Mediterranean Sea.
"Flabellina affinis" is often confused with "Flabellina ischitana", but can be distinguished as follows:
Distribution.
This species is found in depths to 50 m in European waters along Portugal and Spain, in the Mediterraneran Sea along Greece, in the Atlantic Ocean from Portugal to Ghana and along the Canaries

</doc>
<doc id="20546019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546019" title="Hans Vogt (composer)">
Hans Vogt (composer)

Hans Vogt (14 May 1911 – 19 May 1992) was a German composer and conductor.
Professional career.
He was born in Danzig. From 1929 to 1934 he studied with Georg Schumann and Otto Frickhoeffer at the Akademie der Künste in Berlin. From 1934 he worked in Minden as a cellist, pianist and conductor. In 1935 he was appointed Kapellmeister at the Bielefeld Opera and in 1937 at Detmold. That same year he joined the Nazi Party (registration no. 5.653.178) and was appointed Oberscharführer of the Hitler Youth. From 1938 until 1944 he was Kapellmeister of the Stralsunder Theater, and then music director of Stralsund, where he was also chairman of the Ministry of Arts.
In the postwar period Vogt lived first in 1946 as a freelance composer in Neckargemünd. From 1951 to 1978 he led a composition class at the Musikhochschule in Mannheim-Heidelberg. In 1971 he was appointed professor. Among his students was Barbara Heller.
Vogt composed two operas, "Die Stadt hinter dem Strom" after the novel of Hermann Kasack who also wrote the libretto and "Athenerkomödie" on a play of Christopher Middleton after a fragment of Menander. Vogt wrote a symphony, two concertos for orchestra, two piano concertos, a violin concerto, a cello concerto, "Serenade und Tarantella" for viola and chamber ensemble, chamber music and Lieder. His sacred music included a Requiem, two chamber oratorios, a cantata, a Magnificat, and other choral music. In particular he composed the Psalm 129, "De profundis clamavi ad te, Domine", for a seven-part mixed choir a cappella (1951),a Passion music "Ihr Töchter von Jerusalem, weinet nicht über mich" in Latin and German for tenor, mixed choir and percussion (1973), and a Canticum Simeonis for mixed choir and flute (1976).
Vogt's first opera, "Die Stadt hinter dem Strom", was originally written for radio and premiered on Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk and BBC Radio in 1952. Vogt later adapted the work for the stage, and as a live theatre piece the opera was first performed at the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden in 1955 as part of the Internationale Maifestspiele Wiesbaden. For his operas, Vogt collaborated personally with the librettists, Hermann Kasack, Christopher Middleton and Erich Fried, also with the publisher and musicologist Fritz Oeser. In an obituary for Oeser that Vogt authored, the composer recalled that Oeser had requested him to come to Wiesbaden to change the Chorprolog (choral prologue), also that Oeser missed a climax in a certain scene in act 3 and promised to pay for a change. The libretto was published by Suhrkamp in 1955. Vogt's opera "Athenerkomödie" (The Metropolitans) was premiered at the Nationaltheater Mannheim in 1964, he revised it in 1967.
Vogt composed secular vocal works inspired by poems of Hermann Kasack, Christopher Fry, W. H. Auden, T. S. Eliot, Gerard M. Hopkins, Aesop's Fables, poems of Christopher Middleton, Gertrud Kolmar, Horace, Eduard Mörike and Gottfried Benn. Vogt's chamber music without keyboard includes a trio for flute, viola and harp (1951, revised 1989), a string trio, four string quartets, a string quintet, a string sextet, a string octet, duos for violin and double bass, violin and cello, violin and viola, cello and double bass, and music for solo instrumnents. With keyboard, he composed works for piano solo, piano four hands, two pianos, a quintet for flute, oboe, violin, bassoon and harpsichord (1958), "Konzertante Sonate für 17 Soloinstrumente", a sonata concertante for 17 solo instruments (1959), "Dialoge für Klavier, Violine und Violoncello" (dialogues for piano trio, 1960), and works with piano for solo instruments cello, violin and oboe.
Vogt's music was published by Breitkopf & Härtel, Bärenreiter, and Bote & Bock. He also published books, "Neue Musik seit 1945" (New Music since 1945), ISBN 3-15-010203-0, and "Johann Sebastian Bachs Kammermusik: Voraussetzungen, Analysen, Einzelwerke" (Johann Sebastian Bach's chamber Music: background, analysis, works), Stuttgart 1981, ISBN 3-15-010298-7. The latter was translated to English and published in Portland, Oregon, in 1988, ISBN 0-931340-04-7, and to Spanish, published in Barcelona in 1993, ISBN 84-335-7880-4.
Vogt died in Metterich in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20546026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546026" title="The Mark of the Maker">
The Mark of the Maker

The Mark of the Maker is a 1991 American short documentary film about manual papermaking, produced by David McGowan. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20546030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546030" title="Ashford Airport">
Ashford Airport

Ashford Airport can refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="20546055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546055" title="Feorlig">
Feorlig

Feorlig () is a small crofting settlement on the northwest shore of Loch Caroy near Dunvegan on the Isle of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the council area of Highland. The village of Harlosh is located 2 miles to the south on Harlosh Point.
The land in Feorlig is owned by Dennis Munro and Heather Dalley both of whom own separate farms.

</doc>
<doc id="20546085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546085" title="Changin' the Game">
Changin' the Game

"Changin' the Game" is the sixth album released by Luke. It was released on November 11, 1997 on the Island Black Music label in collaboration with Luke Records and featured production from Campbell, Rod XL, Lil' Jon and Louis "Ugly" Howard. Though the album was met with some positive reviews, the album was flop and remains Luke's lowest charting album, only making it to #49 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. However, the single "Raise the Roof" found great success peaking at #26 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #1 on the Hot Rap Singles. The song helped to popularize the arm gesture by the same name which involved repeatedly extending ones arms upwards with the palms of the hands also facing upwards. The song is also featured in the compilation album "Jock Jams volume 4".

</doc>
<doc id="20546089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546089" title="Doris odhneri">
Doris odhneri

Doris odhneri is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dorididae. It is known by many common names, such as: giant white nudibranch, giant white dorid, and white-knight nudibranch. It is also often referred to as Ohner's dorid to honor Nils Hjalmar Odhner, the scientist it is named after.
Description.
"Doris odhneri" is the largest nudibranch on the California coast, measuring up to 20 cm. It is completely white in color with no markings, however anomalies with a yellowish hue have been described in the Puget Sound region. A conspicuous characteristic of this nudibranch is its gill. It is composed of seven fluffy plumes and its rhinophores have 20 to 24 lamellae.
Life Habits.
Their diet consists of sponges, mostly "Halichondria." 
It is rarely found in the intertidal, and is more likely to be found in the subtidal to 75 ft.
Like most nudibranchs, "Doris odhneri" is hermaphroditic and mates with the right sides of the body together. Elegant ribbon-like egg masses are laid and attached to substrates. There are usually 8 to 12 eggs in each.
Distribution.
"Doris odheri" can be found from Kenai Peninsula, Alaska to Point Loma, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20546101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546101" title="Battle of the Severn">
Battle of the Severn

The Battle of the Severn was a skirmish fought on March 25, 1655, on the Severn River at Horn Point, across Spa Creek from Annapolis, Maryland, in what at that time was referred to as "Providence", in what is now the neighborhood of Eastport. The capital of Maryland was moved from St. Mary's to Ann Arundel Town in 1694, and Ann Arundel Town name was changed to Annapolis in 1695. It was an extension of the conflicts that formed the English Civil War, pitting the forces of Puritan settlers against forces aligned with Lord Baltimore, Lord Proprietor of the colony of Maryland at the time. It has been suggested by Radmila May that this was the last battle of the English Civil War.
Background.
The background surrounding the Battle of the Severn flows from the early days of Maryland as a colony, and acts as a mirror to the events simultaneously occurring in England. It pitted the forces allied with the royal proprietor, who was a Catholic and perceived to be a royalist, against forces allied with the Commonwealth of England who were Puritans.
Royal proprietorship.
Maryland was founded by the first Baron Baltimore, who had previously been the principal secretary to James I. Baltimore resigned from his position after the death of James I following his conversion to Catholicism. After a visit to what would be Maryland in 1628, Baltimore requested that Charles I make a grant of land for a colony in which Catholics could worship freely. Following Baltimore's death on June 20, 1632, the grant of land was made to Cecilius Calvert, now the new Lord Baltimore.
The Charter of Maryland was unique in that it made Lord Baltimore and his heirs the "absolute Lords and Proprietaries" of the new colony. In effect, the grant created a county palatine, and, indeed, the name of Durham, a county palatine in its own right, is used in the charter. The effect of this document was to create a semi-independent colony, ruled by Lord Baltimore as Duke.
Sending his brother Leonard Calvert, the first settlers, a party of Catholic gentry and Protestants, of the new colony landed in present-day St. Mary's City on March 27, 1634. Using his absolute powers bestowed by charter, Cecilius Calvert named his brother as Royal Governor of the new colony, a post he held from 1634–44, and again from 1646 until his death in 1647.
William Claiborne, however, had an earlier claim to Kent Island arising from 1631 when he had landed and set up a fur trading post on behalf of the colony of Virginia. Using the language of the charter that allowed him to take possession of land between the Delaware Bay and Potomac River "not cultivated or planted", Cecilius Calvert lay claim to Kent Island. Following the arrest of one of his agents for trading in Maryland waters without a license in 1635, Claiborne fitted out an armed ship, and there ensued a naval battle on April 23, 1635 by the mouth of the Pocomoke River. Following this battle, Leonard Calvert captured Kent Island by force in February 1638.
The ensuing fallout from the capture of Kent Island, and the vengefulness of Claiborne, would resonate through Maryland for many years to follow.
The Plundering Time.
The three part English Civil War, starting in 1642 and ending in 1651, had a direct effect on Maryland. The war itself was fought between the supporters of Charles I and the supporters of the English Parliament. The civil war was followed by a period of time known as the English Interregnum. During this time the English monarchy was abolished, the Commonwealth of England was proclaimed, and England was ruled by Oliver Cromwell, its Lord Protector. The conflict did not finally resolve itself until 1661 with the coronation of Charles II, an act known as the English Restoration.
In April 1643, aware of the problems besetting the home-country, Leonard Calvert departed Maryland to consult with his brother Cecilius Calvert, leaving Giles Brent as acting governor in his absence. During this time, St. Mary's City was visited by Captain Richard Ingle, an ardent supporter of the Parliamentary side of the conflict, who was placed under nominal arrest for making disloyal comments concerning the King, but who was allowed to escape following his arrest. Upon Leonard Calvert's return, he discovered that Ingle had joined forces with Claiborne and they were planning an invasion of the colony. In September 1644, Ingle captured St. Mary's City, and Claiborne recovered Kent Island, forcing Calvert to seek refuge in Virginia.
What followed became known as the Plundering Time, a nearly two-year period when Ingle and his companions roamed the colony, robbing at will and taking Jesuits back to England as prisoners. This ended only in 1646 when Calvert returned from exile in Virginia, recaptured St. Mary's City, and restored order.
The settling of Providence.
Following the death of Leonard Calvert in 1647, Cecilius Calvert named William Stone as governor in 1649. Stone's appointment was carefully made, as he was a Protestant – as were the majority of the members of his council – and a friend of Parliament. By choosing Stone, Calvert could avoid criticism of Maryland as a seat of Popery, where Protestants were allegedly oppressed. Stone and his council, however, were required to agree not to interfere with freedom of worship. In 1649, the colonial Assembly passed the "Act Concerning Religion" (or the Toleration Act as it is more commonly known), ensuring freedom of religion within Maryland.
During the period of Parliamentary rule, Virginia remained faithful to then King Charles II, though Parliament, which had declared England a Commonwealth under their rule, had decreed that support for Charles II was treason. Baltimore and Stone stayed mute on the subject, but almost immediately after taking office, Stone allowed a group of persecuted Virginian Puritans into the colony, who then settled at Providence, present-day Annapolis. The issue of which side Maryland stood was finally settled, at least in appearance, when Thomas Greene, deputy to Stone and a Catholic, declared on November 15, 1649 that Charles II was the "undoubted rightfull heire to all his father's dominions". All acts taken by the Maryland Assembly would further require an oath of fidelity to Baltimore as "Lord Proprietor".
The new Assembly.
In 1651 there began a set of rumors indicating that Lord Baltimore would lose his charter. Parliament had appointed two Commissioners, one of whom was none other than Claiborne, to force Maryland to submit to Parliamentary authority. In March 1652 they removed Stone as Governor, only to reinstate him in June 1652. On March 2, 1654, Stone decreed that although he was faithful to the Commonwealth, all writs should "run in the Proprietary's name as heretofore".
On January 3, 1654, the Puritans who had settled at Stone's invitation in Providence communicated to the commissioners that they objected to the oath of fidelity to Baltimore as a Catholic. On July 20, 1654, Stone resigned as Governor under duress.
The Commissioners became "de facto" governors of the colony, and the first general assembly under their authority was held on October 20, 1654. Catholics and any other individuals who had borne arms against the Parliament could not be members (effectively limiting the membership to Puritans), and among the 44 Acts passed by this group was a repeal of the Toleration Act, and another that forbade Catholics from practicing their faith.
Stone's return to power.
On January 31, 1655, "The Golden Lyon", a merchant ship commanded by Captain Roger Heamans, arrived in Maryland, and Stone reported to the Captain that he was no longer Governor of Maryland. At about that time, another ship, "The Golden Fortune" arrived in the colony with a letter from Oliver Cromwell, by this time Lord Protector, addressed to Captain Stone, Governor of Maryland.
Using this as a form of recognition, Stone challenged the authority of the commissioners, seized back the records of the colony, and mustered his troops to deal with the Puritan settlers allied with them. Recruiting from St. Mary's County, Stone recaptured the Assembly records located on the Patuxent River, and sailed with a small fleet up the Chesapeake Bay north towards Providence.
The Battle of the Severn.
Heamans was informed of an alleged plot to kill the inhabitants of Providence, as well as to burn his ship and kill his crew and officers. Following the removal of the women and children of Providence to "The Golden Lyon", a war council was convened, and appointed William Fuller of the Puritan settlers of Providence as its leader. On March 23, 1655, the council issued a warrant to Heamans to serve as a counselor, with Heamans relating to Stone that he was bound to do so, ignoring his contrary orders.
On March 24, 1655, Heamans fired on sloops and boats heading toward his ship, forcing their retreat. Heamans then ordered an armed sloop to bar their escape by blocking Spa Creek, the inlet of the Severn to which Stone's forces had retreated. On March 25, after Fuller retrieved the only Commonwealth flag in the colony for use as his colors in battle, the forces met on Horn Point, with Fuller's forces driving Stone's small force to the end of the peninsula. In less than one half-hour, the battle was over, with 17 of Stone's forces being killed, including Thomas Hatton, secretary of the colony, and 32 wounded, including Stone. Only two of Fuller's force were killed.
Stone surrendered after he was promised mercy. Following hostilities, however, the war council issued death sentences for Stone and nine others. Four of the prisoners were executed, but the remainder were saved when the women of Providence begged that their lives be spared.
Aftermath.
The primarily Puritan assembly retained powers until April 27, 1658, when proprietorship was restored to Lord Baltimore, religious freedom was ensured, and an agreement of general amnesty was entered into. Thus, in the end, Lord Baltimore not only retained his lands and powers, but was able to avoid the grisly fate of many of his contemporaries in England during this time. The proprietor appointed Josias Fendall to succeed Stone as governor for his loyalty during the battle.
The issue of the ongoing Claiborne grievance was finally settled by an agreement reached in 1657. Lord Baltimore provided Claiborne amnesty for all of his offenses, Virginia laid aside any claim it had to Maryland territory, and Claiborne was indemnified with extensive land grants in Virginia for his loss of Kent Island.
Governor Fendall soon had a falling out with Lord Baltimore and led a bloodless revolution in 1659 whereby he and Fuller reorganized Maryland's government to resemble the Commonwealth's. However, the Restoration of Charles II in 1660 forced Fendall into exile and restored the proprietorship. Fendall was replaced as governor by Phillip Calvert. In addition, Fuller's estate was confiscated and Claiborne never recovered his former holding of Kent Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20546105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546105" title="Japan America Society of Greater Cincinnati">
Japan America Society of Greater Cincinnati

As a member of NAJAS, the Japan America Society of Greater Cincinnati (JASGC) is dedicated to fostering new business, political and cultural connections betweens the citizens, companies, and governments of Japan and the Greater Cincinnati area, leading to a more productive stabile and enriched relationship between the two countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20546111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546111" title="Halgerda guahan">
Halgerda guahan

Halgerda guahan is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.

</doc>
<doc id="20546113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546113" title="Organic décollage">
Organic décollage

Organic décollage is a phrase used by the photographer Maria Stengard-Green to describe the naturally occurring or non-artistically organized décollage that echoes the work of Mimmo Rotella, Raymond Hains, Jacques Villeglé, Yves Klein and Robert Rauschenberg, and whose antecedents probably influenced their pioneering work.
This was particularly illustrated by the poster sites of the 2008 Rome City Council elections.
Background.
In art, décollage is created by cutting, ripping off or removing pieces of an original image or images to reveal the substrate or the images that lie beneath. A distinct genre of décollage is the torn poster. This happens when a poster has been pasted on top of another poster and then cut or torn to reveal the poster or posters beneath, or where ripped poster fragments are pasted, layer upon layer, to a canvas or substrate to create a new montage.
This genre is strongly associated with Mimmo Rotella; he invented it after returning from America in 1953 convinced that nothing in art was original. He had what he later described as a "Zen illumination" - the discovery of the advertising poster as a form of artistic expression. Armed with a penknife, he began ripping off posters and pieces of the zinc mounts from Rome's council advertising sites. He was then labelled the "poster ripper" or the "painter of glued paper". Rotella exhibited his "torn posters" for the first time at "Esposizione d'arte attuale" in 1955 and the term "décollage" was claimed for this genre in the same year by poet, artist and fellow Italian Emilio Villa. This French word, meaning "to unstick", first appeared in print in 1938 in "Dictionnaire Abrégé du Surréalisme" and notably from 1949 on, Hains was creating pieces from posters he had torn from Parisian walls.

</doc>
<doc id="20546116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546116" title="Birdnesters of Thailand">
Birdnesters of Thailand

Birdnesters of Thailand () is a 1991 French short documentary film directed by Éric Valli. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20546134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546134" title="Broccoli sprouts">
Broccoli sprouts

Broccoli sprouts are three- to four-day-old broccoli plants that look like alfalfa sprouts, but taste like radishes. The radish flavor comes from a phytochemical that may act as protection against vectors (see also radical or free-radical theory) while the broccoli plant is still young. This phytochemical not only benefits the young plant, but also when eaten by humans, may act as an antioxidant to stimulate the ability of cells to protect against disease.
History.
While health-conscious people in the 1970s embraced raw sprouts as a dietary staple, it was not until the 1990s that broccoli sprouts became the mainstream. This is because in 1992 a team of Johns Hopkins University scientists isolated a cancer-fighting phytochemical in broccoli called glucoraphanin, which is the glucosinolate precursor of sulforaphane (SGS). When chewed, broccoli releases glucoraphanin and myrosinase, an enzyme found in another part of the plant cell, which work together to produce sulforaphane, which, in turn, activates a transcription factor, Nrf2 in the cell. Once activated, Nrf2 then translocates to the nucleus of the cell, where it aligns itself with the antioxidant response element (ARE) in the promoter region of target genes. The target genes are associated with process which assists in regulating cellular defences. Such cytoprotective genes include that for glutathione. Around 200 genes have been well-characterised, as many as 1700 are thought to be related to this aspect of cellular defense.
The 1992 study was followed by the discovery in 1997 that glucoraphanin is in higher concentrations in the three- to four-day-old broccoli sprouts, at least 20 times the concentration of full grown broccoli. This discovery was written about in the "New York Times", and created a global shortage of broccoli seed that could not meet the sudden high demand.
Nutrition.
Broccoli sprouts actually have lower nutritional values than full sized broccoli according to the USDA. Many studies compare the nutritional value of dry, dormant seeds to sprouts to obtain an exaggerated positive result for sprouts. However, the sprouts are not typically consumed for their nutrient content; they are consumed for their content of bioactive molecules with potent nutrigenomic potential. Broccoli sprouts contain a particular glucosinolate compound, glucoraphanin, which is found in vacuoles within the cytoplasm of the plant cell. The membrane of the plant cells also contain an enzyme, myrosinase, which is walled off from the vacuoles of glucoraphanin. Only when the plant cell is ruptured by cutting, chewing, etc. do the two substances come into contact with each other. In the moist environment of the cell, this leads to a chemical reaction wherein the myrosinase converts the glucoraphanin to an isothiocyanate, sulforaphane. It is predominantly the sulforaphane for which broccoli sprouts have been so widely researched. The glucoraphanin of itself is inert.
Research.
Hundreds of research studies occur every year on the cancer preventive potential of plant nutrients. The cancer preventive property of cruciferous vegetables and sulforaphane is the subject of over 700 research studies to date. The following table is a representation of the epidemiological evidence of cancer prevention by cruciferous vegetables.
Epidemiological Evidence of Cancer Prevention by Cruciferous Vegetables
Source: E.H. Jeffery, "Phytochemical Review", 2008.
Sulforaphane works as a potent catalyst to boost Phase 2 enzymes in the body. These detoxification enzymes trigger ongoing antioxidant action for at least 72 hours. As a result, the indirect antioxidant activity of sulforaphane lasts significantly longer than that of direct antioxidants, such as vitamins C, E and beta carotene, although it also boosts the regeneration of the active forms of these vitamins. Furthermore, three-day-old sprouts have a much higher concentration of glucoraphanin than the average mature broccoli (73 mg v. 11 mg per serving, respectively), which means one ounce of broccoli sprouts contains as much glucoraphanin as over 1.25 pounds (20 ounces) of average market-stage broccoli. However, the range of glucoraphanin varies considerably with the variety of broccoli grown, so that in market broccoli, there is at least a 15-fold range of glucoraphanin (Brown et al., J.Am. Hort. Soc. 2002). The highest concentration of glucoraphanin is found in the seed. Eating the raw, unsprouted seed could provide high amounts of sulforaphane, but seeds also contain the antimetabolite erucic acid, which is metabolized during sprouting, so eating seeds is not recommended.
Prepared extracts of either broccoli seeds or broccoli sprouts typically lose their myrosinase activity. As a result, the content of glucoraphanin may remain, but without the presence of the myrosinase, the ability to convert the bioactive sulforaphane has been lost. Based on some limited evidence from animal studies, the colonic microflora may have some myrosinase-like activity. One study suggests this may provide no more than 8% conversion. A human study showed there is such large interindividual variability in the population of colonic microflora in humans, such that any conversion to sulforaphane is not only limited, but also unpredictable. Other researchers have similarly found there is limited sulforaphane bioavailability in broccoli sprouts preparations in which the myrosinase has been destroyed.
The body of scientific knowledge concerning sulforaphane and broccoli sprouts continues to grow at a rapid rate; key studies with respect to broccoli sprouts are summarized below. Although research suggests a promising role for broccoli sprouts in promoting health, the research results do not permit definitive scientific conclusions on specific health benefits. At this time, the US FDA has not reached any such conclusions or authorized any claims specifically for glucoraphanin, sulforaphane or broccoli sprouts.
Summaries of some key studies:
Cancer.
Carcinogen detoxification.
An elevated level of hepatitis virus and environmental toxins results in a very high prevalence of liver cancer in a rural area of China. Scientists performed a clinical test to assess whether broccoli sprouts influenced the body’s abilities to detoxify carcinogens. In a single-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 100 test and 100 control subjects drank a water extract of three-day-old broccoli sprouts or a placebo daily over a period of two weeks. The broccoli sprouts group showed a significant decrease in aflatoxin-DNA adduct (a biomarker of DNA damage) levels with increasing levels of broccoli sprout consumption. The change in these biomarkers signals an enhanced detoxification (neutralization) of carcinogens from the human body, leading to a reduction in cancer risk.
Tumor progression and activity.
For the inhibition of breast cancer tumors, scientists reported sulforaphane and phenethyl isothiocyanate (PEITC) could prevent initial benign tumors in the lungs of mice produced by a cigarette carcinogen from developing into malignant cancer tumors. Using a model in which the animals were exposed to the carcinogens, scientists demonstrated sulforaphane inhibits the progression of the disease by causing the programmed death of the damaged cells. These findings suggest chemoprotective agents might be useful among people exposed to tobacco carcinogens, including current smokers, exsmokers or those exposed to second-hand smoke.
Stomach cancer.
Infection with the bacterium "H. pylori" can cause stomach ulcers and markedly increases the risk of developing stomach cancer. "In vitro" and animal experiments showed potent and selective antibacterial properties of sulforaphane and sulforaphane’s ability to selectively target the "H. pylori" bacteria, which are often difficult to eradicate. Also, sulforaphane was effective against "H. pylori" strains that had developed resistance to the typical antibiotic treatment. In a Japanese study involving patients infected with "H. pylori" bacteria, patients eating 100 grams (approximately 3.5 ounces) of broccoli sprouts daily for two months experienced substantially reduced measures of "H. pylori" infection when compared with control subjects fed a vegetable with no glucoraphanin. These results suggest sulforaphane from myrosinase-active broccoli sprouts may be responsible for the reduction of the bacteria, and a diet rich in myrosinase-active broccoli sprouts may be useful in reduction of "H. pylori" infection and chemoprevention against gastric cancer.
Skin tumors.
Some skin tumors form after exposure to UV radiation. Mice were exposed to damaging levels of UV light for 20 weeks in a study conducted at Johns Hopkins Medical School. Following the exposure, application of sulforaphane resulted in a 50% reduction in the number of mice with tumors. The number of tumors per mouse and the mass of tumors were also reduced. A significant aspect of the study is that administration of the chemoprotective agent was after carcinogen exposure, suggesting an ability to prevent the progression of cancer after cells are already damaged.
Breast cancer.
Work from Johns Hopkins, published in 1994, demonstrated chemoprotective effects of sulforaphane, showing its ability to reduce mammary tumor formation in rats. Scientists at Shanghai Cancer Center in China conducted a retrospective (epidemiological) study of 350 pairs of women. One of each pair had breast cancer. The other was cancer-free. The study results revealed the women who had eaten higher levels of "Brassica" vegetables—broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower and kale—all of which contain glucoraphanin and related compounds—were 50% less likely to be diagnosed with breast cancer. Cornblatt and colleagues (2007) have now shown that sulforaphane actually reaches breast tissue in humans within an hour or so of consumption.
Prostate cancer.
Human prostate cancer cells responded to treatment with sulforaphane in the form of broccoli sprout extracts, showing dramatic increases in their Phase 2 protective enzymes. Dr. James D. Brooks, Urology Department, Stanford University, suggests broccoli sprouts, a rich natural source of sulforaphane, might be appropriate for use in intervention trials in humans.
Colon cancer.
American Health Foundation researchers showed sulforaphane significantly inhibited the formation of colon cancer in rats. Much work has demonstrated the ability of sulforaphane and broccoli sprouts extracts to inhibit cancer "in vitro" in human colon cancer cells.
Bladder cancer.
Epidemiological evidence strongly suggested a role for cruciferous vegetables in prevention of bladder cancer. Indeed, although an analysis of 47,909 men in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study showed virtually no correlation between cancer reduction and high consumption of fruits and vegetables overall, or yellow or green leafy vegetables specifically, it did show a statistically significant reduction among those men who consumed large amounts of cruciferous vegetables.
Several studies have suggested the bladder is one of the most responsive organs to induction of detoxification enzymes by extract, and demonstrated this was evident in human bladder cancer cells "in vitro" and using broccoli sprouts rich in sulforaphane potential in animal models "in vivo". In addition, studies have also shown sulforaphane and broccoli sprout extract can induce apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in human bladder cancer cells "in vitro", while showing the activity levels from pure sulforaphane and broccoli sprout extracts were virtually equivalent, and confirming this effect is due exclusively to the sulforaphane potential in the sprouts, not other components.
Impact on developing or developed cancers.
French researchers showed sulforaphane might do more than just activate antioxidants. Their research describes the ability of sulforaphane to cause cancer cells to self-destruct, known as apoptosis or programmed cell death. The multidimensional ability of sulforaphane both to eliminate or detoxify carcinogens and to kill cells with potential cancer-causing mutations suggests sulforaphane may have broader effects on developed cancer at various stages, as well as prevention.
Scientists at the Amala Cancer Research Centre in India reported sulforaphane may inhibit the spread of B16F-10 melanoma cells "in vitro". Mice were treated with sulforaphane either prior to, simultaneously, or following exposure to the carcinogens. Results indicated the simultaneous treatment of sulforaphane was most effective with a 95% reduction of lung tumor formation and a 94% increase in the life span of the animals. The findings suggest sulforaphane may have the ability to prevent metastasis of established cancers, rather than simply preventing development of cancers.
Other health conditions.
Cholesterol levels.
In a pilot study, researchers at Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology and the Japan Institute for the Control of Aging found that individuals who ate 100 grams of broccoli sprouts a day for just one week showed decreased overall levels of cholesterol, while increasing HDL or good cholesterol. The glucoraphanin in broccoli sprouts also appears to reduce the amount of oxidative stress or cell destruction caused by free radicals.
High blood pressure.
In laboratory studies with animals bred to have high blood pressure and are therefore at high risk for stroke, Dr. Bernhard Juurlink at the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, Canada, found sulforaphane-induced Phase 2 enzymes from broccoli sprouts improved cardiovascular health by decreasing inflammation and improving heart, artery and kidney function.
Macular degeneration.
Johns Hopkins University scientists studied the ability of sulforaphane to protect retinal pigment epithelial cells from damage by chemical carcinogens and by ultraviolet light. These processes are the similar to the kind of damage that can lead to macular degeneration in the eye. Macular degeneration is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly.
COPD.
Researchers in the Department of Environmental Health Sciences and the Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine reported sulforaphane increases the activity of the phase II enzyme gene Nrf2 in human lung cells, which protects cells from damage caused by toxins. Thus, presenting the possibility of therapy directed toward enhancing Nrf2-regulated antioxidants, reducing the effects of oxidative stress in COPD.
Diabetes.
Sulforaphane activates the Nrf2 protein, which protects cells and tissues from damage by stimulating the phase 2 enzymes, which detoxify ROS molecules. Sulforaphane reduced reactive oxygen species (ROS) molecules by 74%, thus reducing damage to blood vessel cells by hyperglycemia. High glucose levels can cause a threefold increase in ROS levels, which can damage human cells. These results suggest sulforaphane from broccoli may help reverse the damaging effects of diabetes-linked vascular disease.
A collaborative group in Iran showed a myrosinase-active broccoli sprout powder had favorable effects on oxidative stress status in type 2 diabetes patients over a four-week period. The study used doses of 5 or 10 grams daily, delivering 112 and 225 micromoles sulforaphane, respectively. Positive effects were seen at both doses, although effects on lipid peroxidation were only seen at the higher dose.
Availability.
Broccoli sprouts are available in grocery and natural foods stores across the US and in other countries. Broccoli seeds are available for home growing. One can sprout broccoli seeds using a jar or a commercial sprouting kit. Broccoli sprout powders and capsules are also available. However, many of these products are produced from myrosinase-inactive sprout or seed extracts. It is difficult, if not impossible, for the consumer to identify which products contain both the essential precursor glucoraphanin as well as the active myrosinase enzyme. With a myrosinase-inactive product, an individual may not convert any of the glucoraphanin to sulforaphane. Because so little is known about the role of human gut microflora at this stage, reliance on the gut microflora with its wide variability could pose a significant limitation on the achievement of a biochemical response.
Sprout safety.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued suggested protocols recommending commercially grown sprout seeds be soaked and sterilized with 20,000 PPM calcium hypochlorite prior to sprouting.
A study published in Nutrition Journal quantifies the effectiveness of sprout safety programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20546140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546140" title="The Marine 2">
The Marine 2

The Marine 2 is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Roel Reiné, written by Christopher Borrelli and John Chapin Morgan, and produced by Michael Lake. The film stars Ted DiBiase, Temuera Morrison, Lara Cox, Robert Coleby and Michael Rooker. It is the sequel to "The Marine", starring John Cena. This was Ted DiBiase's first film debut as Arenas. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States on December 29, 2009.
The film was produced by the films division of WWE, called WWE Studios, and distributed in the United States by 20th Century Fox.
Background.
"The Marine 2" is inspired by true events based on the 2001 Dos Palmas kidnappings.
Plot.
Marine sniper Areans (Ted DiBiase) attempts to rescue his wife Robin from a hotel that has been taken over by "local rebels". The Linwoods are vacationing at the lavish Thailand resort when the terrorists invade during the hotel's grand opening. Arenas escapes the initial onslaught and must find a way to save his wife and the other hostages.
Production.
Randy Orton was considered for the role of Joe Linwood. Orton dropped out of the role because of his collarbone injury, and was replaced by Ted DiBiase, Jr. It is set and filmed at Bangkok and Phuket Thailand, in 47 days on November 5 and December 22, 2008.
Sequel.
A sequel, "", was released on March 5, 2013. It stars WWE wrestler Mike "The Miz" Mizanin in the lead role. However, Randy Orton was initially cast in the lead role, but due to his previous negative association with the Marine Corps he was replaced by Mizanin.

</doc>
<doc id="20546154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546154" title="Claude Vigée">
Claude Vigée

Claude Vigée (born Claude Strauss on January 3, 1921) is a French poet who writes in French and Alsatian. He describes himself as a "Jew and an Alsatian, thus doubly Alsatian and doubly Jewish".
Life.
Vigée was born in Bischwiller, Bas-Rhin. He is descended from an old family of Alsatian cloth merchants. He spent his youth in Bischwiller, then attended secondary school in Strasbourg. Displaced from Alsace by the invasion of the Germans in 1940, he began to study medicine in Toulouse before joining the Résistance. In 1942, he published his first poems in the underground magazine "Poésie 42". He fled to the United States in 1943, where he obtained his doctorate in Romance Languages and Literature in 1947. He taught French Language and Literature at Ohio State University, then at Wellesley College and then at Brandeis University. Since 1950, he has regularly published his poetry in France. He lived in Israel between 1960 and 2001, where he taught at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem until his retirement in 1983. On March 18, 2000, the "Claude Vigée" Cultural Center was opened in his home city of Bischwiller.
Vigée currently lives in Paris.
Among other subjects, Vigée's poetry discusses the suffering of the Jews, the Alsatians, the Alsatian Jews and the Jews in Alsace, but he also deals with the beauty and the transitoriness of the simple, rural heritage. The pursuit for peace and interpersonal accord is also a recurring motif.
Awards.
Vigée is the winner of numerous awards, including the Johann Peter Hebel Prize (1984), the Grand prix de Poésie de la Société des Gens de Lettres de France (1987), the Prix de la Fondation du Judaïsme français (1994), the Grand prix de Poésie de l'Académie française (1996), the Würth Prize for European Literature (2002) and the Elisabeth Langgässer Literature Prize (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="20546156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546156" title="Berkeley Historical Society">
Berkeley Historical Society

The Berkeley Historical Society is a non profit association in Berkeley, California dedicated to the preservation and archiving of the history of the city. It was founded in 1976. Its primary activity is the operation of the Berkeley History Center, located in the Veterans Memorial Building at 1931 Center Street near the old city hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20546163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546163" title="Rostanga pulchra">
Rostanga pulchra

Rostanga pulchra is a species of small, deep-water sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
Description.
The maximum recorded length is 9 mm.
Habitat.
The minimum and maximum recorded depth for this species is 102 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20546169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546169" title="Eygelshoven railway station">
Eygelshoven railway station

Eygelshoven is a railway station located in Eygelshoven, Netherlands.
History.
The station was opened on 15 May 1949 and is located on the Heuvellandlijn (Maastricht - Kerkrade). The station is operated by Veolia.
This station is in the south west of Eygelshoven, with another station in the north Eygelshoven Markt.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Eygelshoven:

</doc>
<doc id="20546201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546201" title="K5 – The War of Words Demos">
K5 – The War of Words Demos

K5 – The War of Words Demos is a compilation album from the heavy metal band Fight, released on CD in 2007. The album consists of demo recordings made by Fight in July 1992 in Phoenix, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20546203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546203" title="Frederick William, Baron de Woedtke">
Frederick William, Baron de Woedtke

Frederick William, Baron de Woedtke (c. 1740 - 31 July 1776) was a Prussian officer who served in the American Revolutionary War.
Woedtke came to the new United States after the beginning of the American Revolution. He was said to have served for several years under Frederick II of Prussia, even though he was only twenty-six years old. Congress granted him a commission on 16 March 1776 as a brigadier general and assigned him to the army under General Philip Schuyler in New York.
En route to serve his new commission in April 1776, Woedtke accompanied Benjamin Franklin, who was on a diplomatic mission to Canada. Charles Carroll, a congressman from Maryland on the same mission, wrote that Frederick William was "not the best bred up by his Prussian Majesty." This may have been a reference to Woedtke's alcoholism.
Baron de Woedtke broke company with the diplomatic mission after reporting to General Schuyler. The two generals joined Brigadier General John Thomas and set out to reinforce General Benedict Arnold in the siege of Quebec.
After the failure of the Canadian campaign, Woedtke remained in New York. He was with the general council (which included Schuyler and Horatio Gates) that decided, against the advice of Col. John Stark and others, to abandon Fort Crown Point and fall back on Mount Independence. Baron de Woedtke died of exposure at Lake George in July 1776, shortly after that meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="20546231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546231" title="St. Francis' College, Letchworth">
St. Francis' College, Letchworth

St Francis' College is a boarding and day school for girls aged 3–18 in Letchworth, Hertfordshire. The site is within the Letchworth Conservation Area, management of which is the responsibility of the Letchworth Garden City Heritage Foundation (formerly the Letchworth Corporation). The College occupies a single campus of 3.1 hectares (7.66 acres) comprising a number of buildings, playing fields, gardens and car parking etc.
History.
The school buildings belong to the period from 1919-38 when Letchworth was being developed as the first Garden City. Originally built for St Christopher’s School, it was acquired by the Sisters of Charity of Jesus and Mary in 1933 to found St Francis’ College, a connection which is reflected in several aspects of the buildings, including the chapel. Various buildings have been developed or improved since 1983, when the sisters withdrew.
The main entrance is into the Broadway Building, a substantial building extending to four floors, plus a basement. It is constructed from steel uprights and beams, in-filled with concrete floor slabs and brick exterior walls. It was built in 1938; the foundation stone was placed by Bishop Eugene van Rechem. Extensions, in the 1960s, were made to the Dining Hall and Chapel above and the JCR (junior common room) and Chapel Annexe added. The Broadway Building contains inter alia the residential area for the boarders, classrooms, Sixth Form Centre, Head’s and her Deputy’s offices and some of the College administration staff.
The Middle School Building was built in 1919 and Mrs Annie Besant, President of the Theosophical Education trust, laid what was then a cornerstone to mark the occasion. With later additions in 1924 the cornerstone became a single faced stone in the east wall of the building. It is, in part, two storeys high, organised around a central courtyard, within which is a temporary building.
The Theatre and Gymnasium were built in 1924 at the same time as the northern part of Middle School and again the foundation stone was laid by the, later, Dr Annie Besant. The Theatre has seating for 330 although the originally capacity was 600. Originally it was intended to be an Assembly Hall, but at the eleventh hour the design was altered to add a fly tower and create a theatre. The statue of St Francis, above the entrance, was added in 1937. Well known in its heyday (Olivier is believed to have made his first stage appearance here, as a babe-in-arms) the Theatre became dilapidated in the 1980s, but the auditorium and stage were refurbished in 2001/02 with further improvements to the foyer etc. in 2003/04. The Prep. Department Building, a two-storey brick building with basement, was constructed in the 1940s with an extension circa late 1960s.
On-site recreation and sporting facilities include a 20 metre, indoor heated swimming pool, built in the early 1970s, five tarmac tennis/netball courts, a sports field and adjacent grassed sports/playing area. Kindergarten is provided, to the north of the Broadway Building, with an all-weather play area extending into an enclosed garden. The Upper Prep pupils have access to a grassed area known as the Loggia garden, south of their classrooms in Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="20546234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546234" title="1998 Eurocard Open – Singles">
1998 Eurocard Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20546261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546261" title="Grassy Creek">
Grassy Creek

Grassy Creek can refer to:
The Bahamas:
Canada:
United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20546268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546268" title="Tim Beckman">
Tim Beckman

Tim Beckman (born January 19, 1965) is an American football coach and former player. He is the head football coach at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. He was hired on December 9, 2011, by Athletic Director Mike Thomas, after coaching at the University of Toledo for three years. During his tenure at Toledo, Beckman's teams saw consistent improvement. The 2008 team he inherited went 3-9. In 2009, his first year as a head coach, his team improved to finish 5-7. In the following year, his team finished 8-5, 7-1 in the MAC, earning a berth to the 2010 Little Caesar's Pizza Bowl, which they lost 34-32 to the FIU Golden Panthers. In his final year at Toledo, Coach Beckman finished 9-4, 7-1 in the MAC to be West Division co-champions with Northern Illinois. This team earned a berth to the 2011 Military Bowl. However, Beckman left after the regular season to become the head coach of the Fighting Illini.
Prior to his stint with the Toledo Rockets, Beckman was the defensive coordinator at Oklahoma State University. After two seasons there, in which the Cowboys posted a record of 16-10, Beckman left. On December 4, 2008, Beckman was hired to replace Tom Amstutz, who resigned during the 2008 season. Before joining the Oklahoma State Cowboys, Beckman coached at Ohio State under Jim Tressel and at Bowling Green, where he was a three-time nominee for the Frank Broyles Award. 
Beckman attended high school at Forest Park High School in Beaumont, Texas, for two years before completing his secondary education at Berea High School in Berea, Ohio. He attended the University of Findlay in Findlay, Ohio, where he lettered on the football team for two years; in both years the Oilers qualified for the NAIA Football National Championship playoffs. He graduated from Findlay in 1985 with a degree in physical education. He went on to serve as a graduate assistant coach for the Auburn Tigers football team while he earned a master's degree in education from Auburn University.

</doc>
<doc id="20546272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546272" title="Eygelshoven Markt railway station">
Eygelshoven Markt railway station

Eygelshoven Markt is a railway station located in Eygelshoven, Netherlands.
History.
The station was opened in 1909 and operated under the name Eygelshoven until closure in 1952 and subsequent demolition. The station was rebuilt and opened on 9 December 2007 under the name Eygelshoven Markt. The station is located on the Sittard–Herzogenrath railway between Heerlen and Herzogenrath. The station is served by German national railways company DB.
This station is in the north end of Eygelshoven, with another station in the southwest: Eygelshoven.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Eygelshoven Markt:

</doc>
<doc id="20546275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546275" title="John Barbato">
John Barbato

John "Johnny Sausage" Barbato or Johnny Pistachio, (born May 15, 1934 Jersey City, New Jersey) is a New York City mobster and reputed captain in the Genovese crime family.
Career and NJ exclusion.
John stands at 5'7 and weighs 170 pounds with black hair and brown eyes. He is a distant cousin of Genovese crime family mob boss Frank Costello and cousin to Genovese crime family capo Willie Moretti. Reportedly, Barbato has been an associate of the Genovese crime family since the 1940s At the time, his criminal record included convictions of four counts of bookmaking in the 1950s and 1960s, plus a conviction for robbery in 1963. Sometime in the late 1970s, Barbato became the personal bodyguard and chauffeur for Genovese crime family Underboss and Brooklyn faction leader Venero "Benny Eggs" Mangano. After being recognized as a "made member" or soldier since the 1970s, Barbato was officially excluded from the state of New Jersey on August 11, 1987.
Barbato was a distant relative to the first wife of singer/actor Frank Sinatra, Nancy Barbato. Barbato is an uncle to Nancy Sinatra and Frank Sinatra Jr. and Christina Sinatra. Barbato has lived in the area of Wolfes Pond Park in Staten Island, New York.
Indictments and guilty plea.
In 2005, Barbato was indicted on federal racketeering charges and racketeering conspiracy, which included murder conspiracy, extortion, loansharking and witness tampering. U.S. law enforcement charged him with operating criminal activities in the Brooklyn section as well as associating with then-current family acting boss Dominick "Quiet Dom" Cirillo and fellow captains Lawrence "Little Larry" Dentico and Anthony "Tico" Antico. Federal and state authorities alleged that Barbato was a "capo" (or captain) in the Genovese crime family. The indictment alleged that Barbato was included in a panel since the late 1990s of powerful family capos on how to corrupt labor and construction unions in New York and New Jersey through bribery and extorting their locals in order to achieve influence with companies operating in those areas. Barbato, Cirillo and Antico were even charged with murder conspiracy, as they reputedly plotted to murder an important witness who had helped building the racketeering case against the defendants. Following the arrest of Barbato and three others, "The New York Times" reported:"'With these arrests, law enforcement has effectively dismantled the present leadership of the Genovese family,' the United States attorney in Brooklyn, Roslynn R. Mauskopf, said in a statement announcing the indictments of the men. Prosecutors charged that the men took over the administration of the Genovese family business when their leader, Vincent Gigante, went to jail in 1997. The men, prosecutors said, continued the family's involvement 'in crimes designed to enrich its members,' including extortion, loan sharking and fraud." The "New York Daily News" reported that Barbato and the others were "allegedly members of the Westside Crew, a ruling panel that runs the crime family in the absence of imprisoned Genovese boss Vincent (Chin) Gigante." Federal Bureau of Investigation Acting Assistant Director John Klochan said at the time: "Our hope is that the indictment will serve as their retirement papers."
On October 18, 2005, Barbato entered a guilty plea, admitting to his participation in an organized crime family and two acts of extortion conspiracy. Although he admitted to membership in a crime family, he did not name the Genovese family or acknowledge being a capo. Observers of organized crime noted that there was little precedent for this type of admission, as it was contrary to the "rules" that Mafia members had formerly lived by.
Release from prison.
John Barbato was released from prison at age 74 on July 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20546284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546284" title="Unión Nacional Opositora">
Unión Nacional Opositora

Unión Nacional Opositora can refer to either of two Nicaraguan political parties:

</doc>
<doc id="20546286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546286" title="Maya social classes">
Maya social classes

The Maya social classes is a system of social organization. It is divided in "ahau" (king), nobles, priests, merchants and artisans, and peasants and slaves.
Social Classes.
Ajaw.
At the head of each Maya polity, there was "halach uninic", also called the "ahau". It is commonly accepted that the appearance of kings in Maya lowland civilizations occurred during the time period change from the Pre Classic to the modern times. This time period would make the first kings to be dated ca. 100. These kings were recorded on carved stelae. However, it was discovered in the Maya civilization of Nakbe that the first appearance of kings on stele occurred during the Middle 
The "ajaw" had many different types of duties. It is supposed that the ruler made policies used in the state that were applied to both the state and foreign relations, while being assisted by a state council, consisting of "leading chiefs, priests, and special councilors". By having ceremonies that were both in public view and in private, the kings would participate in acts of dancing, giving of his own blood for a sacrifice, having “enemas and trances”, the king would be able to show that he was also the “mediator between the supernatural and the real worlds.” In addition to these duties, during the New Empire the ruler determined who to appoint in the position of chief, also called a "batab", for towns. Through examinations of the candidates at the beginning of the new "k'atun", the "ajaw" was able to get rid of any person who was considered to be a pretender or who applied falsely. Both the "batabob" and the "ajaw" were usually positions of patrilineal inheritance and genealogy. Lady Sak Kʻukʻ took the position of ruler in Palenque because at that time her son was not old enough.
Nobles.
Under the "ahau" in the social classes was the nobility. This class, also known as "almehenob" consisted of the positions of the local magistrates and executives, town counselors, deputies "ah holpopob" (who assisted local lords in governmental affairs) and the "tupiles" (policemen).
Priests.
Next was the class of the priests, also called the "ahkin". The priests performed "activities of ritual, sacrifice, divination, astronomical observation, chronological calculations, hieroglyphic writings, religious instruction, management of the monasteries". In addition to these responsibilities, the priest assisted the "ajaw" with regards to politics as well. The class of the priests was also divided into other sections. These included the "nacom" (would cut the heart out of a sacrificial victim), who were assisted by four "chacs" and the "ahmen" (prophet and "the inflictor as well as the healer of diseases").
Merchants and artisans.
The Merchants who sold and traded with different cities and an Artisan who made the pottery and designed buildings and temples. The Maya were accomplished traders. They traveled by sea, river and well-constructed roads to trade with other city-states.
Peasants and slaves.
Then there were the peasants. Men were farmers and used the slash and burn agricultural method. Women had duties in the household. Some peasants were asked to be slaves of the king. This was decided by the nobles.

</doc>
<doc id="20546304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546304" title="2008 Recopa Sul-Brasileira">
2008 Recopa Sul-Brasileira

The 2008 Recopa Sul-Brasileira was the 2nd staging of this Brazilian football knockout competition. All matches of the competition were played at Estádio Augusto Bauer, Brusque, Santa Catarina. Four clubs participated of the competition: Pelotas, of Rio Grande do Sul (champion of Copa FGF), Londrina of Paraná (champion of Copa Paraná), Atlético Sorocaba of São Paulo (champion of Copa Paulista de Futebol), and Brusque of Santa Catarina (champion of Copa Santa Catarina).
Prize money.
The winner of the competition was awarded a prize money amount of R$30,000, and the runner-up was awarded a prize money amount of R$10,000.
Competition format.
The competition is a one legged knockout tournament played in two stages, semifinals and the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20546309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546309" title="Sumiyoshi-zukuri">
Sumiyoshi-zukuri

History.
Ancient shrines were constructed according to the style of dwellings (Izumo Taisha) or storehouses (Ise Grand Shrine). The buildings had gabled roofs, raised floors, plank walls, and were thatched with reed or covered with hinoki cypress bark. Such early shrines did not include a space for worship. Three important forms of ancient shrine architectural styles exist: "taisha-zukuri", "shinmei-zukuri" and "sumiyoshi-zukuri" They are exemplified by Izumo Taisha, Nishina Shinmei Shrine and Sumiyoshi Taisha respectively and date to before 552. According to the tradition of ", the buildings or shrines were faithfully rebuilt at regular intervals adhering to the original design. In this manner, ancient styles have been replicated through the centuries to the present day.
Structure.
The "honden" on the grounds at Sumiyoshi Taisha has been designated as a national treasure on the grounds that it is the oldest example of this style of architecture.
The four identical "honden" buildings that compose it are 4 "ken" wide and 2 "ken" deep and have an entrance under one of the gables (a characteristic called . The roof is simple, doesn't curve upwards at the eaves and is decorated with purely ornamental poles called "chigi" (vertical) and "katsuogi" (horizontal). The building is surrounded by a fence called , in its turn surrounded by another called (see image in the gallery). There is no veranda, and a short stairway leads to the door.
The interior is divided in two sections, one at the front () and one at the back () with a single entrance at the front (see floor plan in the gallery). The structure is simple, but brightly colored: supporting pillars are painted in vermilion and walls in white. 
This style is supposed to have its origin in old palace architecture Another example of this style is Sumiyoshi Jinja, part of the Sumiyoshi Sanjin complex in Fukuoka Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="20546319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546319" title="Raugi Yu">
Raugi Yu

Raugi Yu is a Canadian actor active in film and television. He is also a director and acting coach. He enrolled in a private boarding school from 1968 until graduation in 1981.
Yu trained at the Dome Theatre in Montreal. He then moved to Vancouver, British Columbia where he earned his BFA through the acting program at the University of British Columbia.
Television career.
In the late 1990s, Yu began appearing on television. In 1998 he appeared in one episode of "The Sentinel". In 2001, he was the voice of the Cook in several episodes of the children's cartoon series, "Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat" and also in an episode of "Dark Angel". From 2002 - 2004, he appeared in three episodes of "Da Vinci's Inquest". He was seen in one episode of "Gather Up Little People" episodes of "Dead Like Me" in 2003, two episodes of "The Dead Zone" in 2003 and 2004, as well as playing the Chinese son in the film "Spook" in 2003.
In 2005, he also supplied the voice of Wendy's Butler in an episode of the animated series "The Cramp Twins". He is also friends with Selene Rose - notable member of UBC Improv of Vancouver, British Columbia
In 2006, Yu appeared in the television shows "Intelligence", and "Masters Of Horror". In 2007 he played Dennis in "When a Man Falls in the Forest" and Wayne Kwan in an episode of "Eureka". Most recently, Yu was seen as Kam Fong on the series "JPod."
Yu was part of the recurring cast for "Mr. Young".
Theatre.
During his early acting years, Yu was seen in several theatre productions, which soon grew into his film and television work.
For several years, during the 90s and early 2000s, Yu was an actor at Bard On The Beach in Vancouver, where he now continues to be an acting coach.
In 2002, Yu portrayed The King Of Siam in Theatre Under The Star's theatre production of "The King And I".
Directing.
In the spring of 2008, Yu directed "The Odd Couple" for the Vancouver Asian Canadian Theatre company.
As of 2010-2011, Raugi teaches acting courses at New Image College of Fine Arts in Vancouver, British Columbia. He also teaches the summer Young Shakespearian program which Bard puts on every year for youth ages eight to eighteen.

</doc>
<doc id="20546339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546339" title="Custom harvesting">
Custom harvesting

In agriculture, custom harvesting or custom combining is the business of harvesting of crops for others. Custom harvesters usually own their own combines and work for the same farms every harvest season. Custom harvesting relieves farmers from having to invest capital in expensive equipment while at the same time maximizing the machinery's use.
The custom harvesting industry has its roots in the mid-twentieth century. Before the invention of the combine harvester, farmers usually owned their own harvesting machinery and worked in tandem with migrant workers, who would bring their own threshing equipment. As combines became more and more widespread, the demand for migrant labor decreased. Custom harvesters, owning their own combines, existed beginning in the 1920s, albeit on a small scale. However, World War II caused a labor and materials shortage, and the custom harvesting industry experienced a great growth. In North America, the area from Texas to Saskatchewan was heavily traversed by custom harvesters. In 1942, there were approximately 500 such operators in this range, but by 1947 that number had grown to 8,000 in Kansas alone. Over the years, the industry transformed from one being run solely by men into family-run businesses. Harvesters would pass their routes and clients down to their children, thus turning custom combining into family tradition.
Custom combiners charge for their services in several ways: a flat per-unit of land price, a per-bale price, or a percentage of the crop. One of the biggest problems for farmers who hire custom harvesters is the availability of labor and the timing of the harvest. If the harvester cannot be available right when the crops are ready, there is the risk of low harvest (if too early) or spoilage (if too late).
The number of custom harvesters has dropped in modern times due to a number of reasons. For one, the consolidation of farms into large-scale operations has allowed them to operate on economies of scale such that they do not need to rely on contractors. Competition is another reason. In China, custom harvesting became such a popular profession in the late 20th century that too many people entered the industry and prices became too low to generate a profit.

</doc>
<doc id="20546343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546343" title="Endoscopic group">
Endoscopic group

In mathematics, endoscopic groups of reductive algebraic groups were introduced by in his work on the stable trace formula.
Roughly speaking, an endoscopic group "H" of "G" is a quasi-split group whose L-group is the connected component of the centralizer of a semisimple element of the L-group of "G".
In the stable trace formula, unstable orbital integrals on a group "G" correspond to stable orbital integrals on its endoscopic groups "H". The relation between them is given by the fundamental lemma.

</doc>
<doc id="20546364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546364" title="Vigée">
Vigée

Vigée is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20546381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546381" title="Marketing operations">
Marketing operations

Marketing Operations is a relatively new discipline within the Corporate Marketing function. Its existence was first recognized 15 years ago by research firms such as IDC and SiriusDecisions. Early adopters were high tech companies such as Cisco Systems, Symantec, and Adobe. Today, hundreds of companies across a variety of industries staff a Marketing Operations role within the Corporate Marketing function.
The scope of responsibilities varies across Marketing Operations teams and so, therefore, does the definition. Here are definitions of the discipline. Examples include:
Typically, Marketing Operations is the function responsible for marketing performance measurement, strategic planning and budgeting, process development, professional development, and marketing systems and data. This work either connects closely to, or includes, demand generation. It also involves the alignment of Marketing with Sales, Business Units, and Finance.
Marketing Operational professionals are not classical marketers. Instead of coming from PR or branding backgrounds, they typically come from Finance, IT, Sales Operations and other analytical or process-oriented roles.
Planning & Budgeting.
Months of work go into building a company’s annual plan. Ideally, it is fed by functional plans that include goals, objectives, strategies, measures, and tactics. All functions require input from senior management on the company’s goals and overarching strategies. In addition, a company’s Marketing team requires input from:
Throughout this process, which typically lasts for several months, Marketing Operations interfaces with the other functions, manages a timeline for Marketing input and deliverables, and helps build the final document – the Marketing annual plan.
The budgeting component of this exercise can happen from the top down, bottom-up, or some combination of both. Sometimes the executive team and/or Finance provide numbers within which each function must plan. Sometimes the executive team and/or Finance will ask each function what they believe they need for the coming year. And sometimes both happen creating a tug-of-war scenario that must be worked out before agreement can be reached on the budget for the coming year.
According to subscription-based reports from IDC (IDC CMO Advisory Service) and SiriusDecisions (SiriusDecisions’ Executive Edge: CMO), how much a company spends on Marketing varies, depending upon their market, the company’s size, and the company’s stage of development. For instance, large, well established semi-conductor companies spend approximately 2% of revenue on Marketing. A similar Enterprise Software company would typically spend between 6 and 8% of revenue on Marketing. And a start-up that has a highly competitive product ready to launch may spend as much as 50% of revenue on Marketing. Companies such as IDC and SiriusDecisions can help companies understand their spending relative to other companies in their position and in their market.
Process.
Marketing Operations professionals are increasingly expected to develop and optimize marketing-related processes such as the budgeting and planning process; the lead management process; the process for integrating newly acquired companies; and the process for creating, reviewing, and distributing a marketing asset. As a result of this push to improve performance by developing and optimizing process, flow charts are now as prevalent in Marketing as press releases and ad copy.
Several categories of technology have evolved to automate Marketing processes (see “Technology or Marketing Automation” below).
Data.
A company will often say that its people are its greatest asset; but when it comes to Marketing, that may not be true. Data is arguably Marketing’s greatest asset. The quality of a Marketing campaign depends entirely on the quality of the data that it leverages about existing and prospective customers. ‘Database marketing’ is the term used for the marketing techniques that are aimed at leveraging data to deliver more highly personalized, relevant campaigns. The Direct Marketing Association (DMA) sponsors an annual conference called The National Center for Database Marketing focused on just this topic.
Database marketing emphasizes the use of statistical techniques to develop models of customer behavior, which are then used to select customers for communications. As a consequence, database marketers also tend to be heavy users of data warehouses, because having a greater amount of quality data about customers increases the likelihood that a more accurate model can be built.
Data quality refers to the uniqueness, accuracy, consistency, completeness, timeliness, currency, conformance and referential integrity of a data set. Relative to Marketing, quality data attributes accurate name, address, company, title, firmographic, demographic and preference information to the contact record for a customer or prospective customer.
Obtaining and maintaining quality data is an ongoing challenge that often falls to Marketing Operations. A comprehensive effort involves the following steps:
It is good practice to measure the quality of the data before implementing these steps, and then measuring again when done, and every quarter thereafter. Some relevant metrics include: the number of duplicates, email bounce-backs, percentage of dummy data, response rates, etc..
An entire category of software companies facilitate data quality management. Gartner lists DataFlux, IBM, Trillium Software, Informatica, and SAP Business Objects as leading data quality tool providers. Other related technology categories include ‘Data Integration Tools’ and ‘Customer Data Integration’. There is also a set of companies that sell data, or services to clean and enhance data. Some of these include: Dun & Bradstreet, Experian, Equifax, MarketWatch, and InfoUSA.
A related subject—and an area that requires a separate effort—is information privacy or data privacy. Data privacy refers to the legal issues that surround the capture, use, storage, and sharing of personally identifiable information. This has long been an issue for healthcare and financial services companies. It is now a concern across all industries. To complicate matters, every country has a different set of legal and political concerns relative to data privacy (sample list here -http://www.informationshield.com/intprivacylaws.html) Global companies must be sensitive to the laws in every country in which they do business.
Technology or Marketing Automation.
In some companies, usually larger companies, Marketing Operations can include responsibility for Marketing Automation and in others, Marketing Automation is managed by functions such as Demand Generation. Marketing automation is the name given to software platforms designed to simplify processes for marketing organizations by automating repetitive tasks. Forrester and Gartner have marketing automation research practices. Each looks at the market differently but expansively. Over time, Gartner has used 9 categories to refer to marketing automation technology. They are:
≥Quality management evolution
Forrester has, over time, referenced 13 categories in their effort to apply patterns to the evolution of this unwieldy market. The Forrester categories are: 
In fact, there are 116 companies that have found their way onto either a Gartner Magic Quadrant or a Forrester Wave for marketing automation. It is easier to understand this chaos when you start with a simple picture of the parts of marketing that can benefit from automation. Let’s break it down. Technology can help marketers manage assets, generate demand, and measure results. Within this framework, almost every new marketing automation technology can be typecast according to this simple view of the world. 
Marketing Performance Measurement.
Marketing Performance Measurement should be a logical extension of the Planning and Budgeting exercise that happens before each fiscal year. The goals that are set should be measurable and personal. Every person in the Marketing organization should know what they have to do to help the function, and the company, achieve its goals. Some companies use Management By Objectives (MBOs) to incent employees to meet goals. Other companies simply use the Human Resources Performance Management process.
Quarterly Operations Reviews represent another good way to monitor Marketing’s progress towards its annual goals. At a Quarterly Operations Review, a CMO typically has direct reports present on achievements relative to the goals that were set. This is a good opportunity to update goals based on information gained during the quarter that has just ended. It is also a good way for Marketing leaders to stay abreast of their peers’ efforts to increase collaboration and eliminate redundant efforts.
Benchmarking & Best Practices.
Also referred to as "best practice benchmarking" or "process benchmarking", benchmarking is a process used increasingly in Marketing to compare approaches in relation to best practice companies, usually within a peer group defined for the purposes of comparison. This allows organizations to develop plans on how to make improvements or adapt specific best practices, usually with the aim of increasing some aspect of performance. Benchmarking may be a one-off event, but is often treated as an ongoing process in which organizations continually seek to improve their practices.
Marketing Operations Cross-Company Alliance (MOCCA ) is a professional network for Marketing Operations professionals. It is intended to facilitate the exchange of best practice information. MOCCA is a community for sharing practical experience between Marketing Operations professionals. MOCCA aims to create both professional development for members and development of the marketing operations profession. MOCCA provides as exchange forum for real-world ideas, solutions, and best practices.
CMO Communications & Organizational Development.
Some CMO’s treat the Marketing Operations leader as a Chief of Staff. As such, they are often charged with handling communication to the organization and the training and development of the Marketing organization. CMO communications can include: Marketing all hands meetings, annual Marketing meetings, internal and external CMO speaking engagements, email updates, and intranet postings. A Chief of Staff Role & Responsibility as well as qualifications could be described as the following: 
A senior director with the right level of experience to initiate, drive and manage the tools and process to deploy a highly effective marketing team. A focal managerial position is required to:
The Marketing Operations Director’s roles and responsibilities
Accountability and Performance Metrics
Organizational Development is a concerted effort afforded by the most strategic and best staffed Marketing Operations departments. In addition to providing training for the Marketing organization, it also involves defining job classifications and career paths. The irony of this is that Marketing Operations professionals are often tasked with scoping the criteria for classic Marketing roles – and yet there is a dearth of resources available to do so for Marketing Operations roles. Radford and other such HR consulting companies do not yet recognize Marketing Operations as a unique discipline.

</doc>
<doc id="20546382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546382" title="Electoral district of Morven">
Electoral district of Morven

The Electoral district of Morven was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Evandale to the south of Launceston.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was renamed Evandale at the 1886 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20546397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546397" title="Paul Mahoney (American lawyer)">
Paul Mahoney (American lawyer)

Paul G. Mahoney (born 1959) is an American law professor. He became Dean of the University of Virginia School of Law on July 1, 2008, succeeding John Calvin Jeffries.
Mahoney graduated in 1981 from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and earned a law degree in 1984 from Yale Law School. He clerked for Judge Ralph K. Winter, Jr. of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and for United States Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. He practiced law at Sullivan & Cromwell from 1986 until 1990, when he joined the Virginia law faculty. His areas of academic interest are securities regulation, law and economic development, corporate finance, financial derivatives and contracts.
Mahoney is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and was an associate editor of the Journal of Economic Perspectives and a director of the American Law and Economics Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20546400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546400" title="Woody Guthrie's Happy Joyous Hanukkah">
Woody Guthrie's Happy Joyous Hanukkah

"Woody Guthrie's Happy Joyous Hanukkah" is the eighth album by New York band the Klezmatics, released in 2006. It contains Hanukkah-themed songs, of which the lyrics to most were written by American folk singer Woody Guthrie in 1949. 

</doc>
<doc id="20546401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546401" title="Brian Israel">
Brian Israel

Brian Israel (February 5, 1951 - May 7, 1986), was an American composer, pianist, and conductor. He was a faculty member of the Syracuse University School of Music from 1975 until his death, at age 35, from leukemia. He left a large number of written symphonic, chamber, and solo works, several of which have been recorded for Spectrum, Redwood, Pro-Viva, Innova Records, and Albany Records. "His music is marked by extreme contrasts in tempo and mood, often following a witty or downright funny movement with one that is deadly serious." 
In his honor, the Brian Israel Award (also known as the Brian M. Israel Award) is given every year to young deserving New York composers.
Biography.
A native of the Bronx, New York, Brian Israel studied with Lawrence Widdoes, Ulysses Kay, Robert Moffat Palmer, Burrill Phillips and Karel Husa. He received his MFA and DMA degrees from Cornell University, and joined the Syracuse University School of Music faculty upon completion of his graduate studies. He remained at Syracuse University until his death from leukemia at age 35. He was a popular and beloved professor.
A prolific composer, Brian won several awards and received numerous commissions, among them a commission from the Society for New Music. Several of his works have been recorded on Spectrum, Redwood, and Pro-Viva. His "Concerto for Clarinet and Wind Ensemble" is regarded as his "most original creation," according to composer Daniel Godfrey in a 1986 interview. The movement titles are "Crystalnacht," "Coronach" and "Liberation." As a pianist, composer, and conductor, he performed with numerous ensembles, including, for many years, the Society for New Music.
Other notable works include a Piano Quartet (1984), his String Quartet No. 2 ("Music for the Next to Die"), and his final work: Symphony No. 6, for soprano, baritone, and orchestra, with texts from the Bible and Langston Hughes.

</doc>
<doc id="20546402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546402" title="Electoral district of Evandale">
Electoral district of Evandale

The Electoral district of Evandale was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Evandale to the south of Launceston.
The seat, created in 1856 under the name Morven, was established under the name Evandale ahead of the 1886 election. The seat was abolished at the 1903 election, when it merged with the neighbouring seat of Selby to form the new seat of North Esk.

</doc>
<doc id="20546435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546435" title="Dante Benedetti">
Dante Benedetti

Dante Benedetti (May 16, 1919 – November 16, 2005) was an American restaurateur and collegiate baseball coach. He was born in San Francisco and remained there the rest of his life. His family owned New Pisa, a restaurant in San Francisco's North Beach neighborhood. He loved baseball and coached at the University of San Francisco for 29 years. USF's current baseball field is named after him. Benedetti, with 373 wins, was San Francisco's all-time winningest coach until Nino Giarratano surpassed him in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20546436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546436" title="Chennai – Salem Express">
Chennai – Salem Express

The Chennai – Salem Express is a train which runs from Salem to Chennai in Tamil Nadu State India. This train is operated by Southern Railway in India and the rakes are owned by Central Railway. The train was inaugurated on 8 August 2008. The Train runs with 8 Sleeper class, 1 First cum Second AC, 1 Second AC and 3 Third AC Coaches. It is an overnight train and runs daily in both directions. This train is assigned 11063 number in the Chennai - Salem direction and 11064 number in the Salem - Chennai direction.
The train stops are as follows:
This is a convenient night train that runs for 7.5 hours in both directions. After arriving Chennai it starts to Dadar as Chennai Exp and numbered as 12164

</doc>
<doc id="20546449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546449" title="Secret Life (band)">
Secret Life (band)

Secret Life was a British R&B/house and pop band active from 1991 to 1996, particularly popular in the UK and Europe.
History.
The first release by Secret Life was a white label recording called "Spanish Lullaby", written and produced by Andy Throup and Jim Di Salvo. This was their first release from their "No Fixed Abode" recording studio, set up in South London. The band then increased in size with the addition of Charlton Antenbring and Paul Bryant. Antenbring was a fashion student, disc jockey and reporter for "The Big Issue". Jim Di Salvo contributed on guitars, cubase programming, sampling and music production. Throup was a classically trained pianist and contributed to cubase programming and music production. Bryant was the vocalist. Bryant and Throup co-wrote most of Secret Life's material. 
Contemporaneous to the development of Secret Life, Throup was also working with others involved with techno and house music, such as noted techno and house DJ Lenny Dee.
The band toured extensively, particularly in the United Kingdom, and performed on three popular UK TV music shows: "The Beat", "Dance Energy" and "The Hitman and Her". They also released several music videos. Di Salvo left the band in 1993 to set up "Bass Boom" recording studios. Di Salvo then released numerous singles and albums under his own name, and the alias act names of "The Juggler", "Bong Brothers" and "Salvo Jets", during the 1990s.
One of Secret Life's first singles, a 1992 dance arrangement of Stevie Wonder's "As Always", was one of the most successful records issued by their then label, Cowboy Records, associated with their manager, Charlie Chester. After house producers Masters At Work remixed Secret Life's "Borrowed Time" (1994), Chester moved the band to Pulse-8 Records, with a view to enhanced pop appeal. He was able to obtain an eight album deal from the label. The group was now a core duo of Bryant and Throup. A pop-oriented single, "Love So Strong", previously issued by Cowboy Records in 1993, was remixed and released by Pulse-8 in 1994. Three other singles were released in 1994, followed by an album, "Sole Purpose", in 1995. According to one reviewer, "Production from Brothers in Rhythm, Chris Porter and Pete Gleadall give "Sole Purpose" an R&B and house feel, and the album is topped off with...thoughtful lyrics and smooth vocals."
From 1992 to 1996, the group released eight singles and one album. Five of the singles reached Number 1 on the Coolcuts and Mixmag dance charts in the United Kingdom. Two of the singles were also Top 40 hit record on the UK Singles Chart.
Pulse-8 Records subsequently went bankrupt, ending prospects of further releases through that label. Throup, now known as Andrew Grainger, moved to New York in 2000, and became a lounge pianist and recording studio owner. In 2007, Grainger relocated to Austin, Texas, to continue lounge work. After spending some time in the late 1990s contributing vocals to the work of others, Bryant left the music industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20546470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546470" title="Fiskavaig">
Fiskavaig

Fiskavaig () is a crofting settlement on the west shore of the Minginish peninsula, on the Isle of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland and the council area of Highland. Fiskavaig Bay lies just to the north, the island of Wiay some offshore and the village of Carbost to the south west.
The name Fiskavaig (also spelled Fiscavaig) originally comes from the Norse, meaning "fish bay". Another example of this naming is Tarskavaig, meaning "cod bay", in the south of Skye.
Fiskavaig Stone.
A Class I Pictish symbol stone was found on the beach at the high water mark in 1921. Carved from a slab of schist, the stone bears double disc and Z-rod and crescent and V-rod symbols. It is now on display at the Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="20546495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546495" title="Clara Vaughan">
Clara Vaughan

Clara Vaughan is a sensation novel by R. D. Blackmore, who was later to achieve lasting fame for another Romantic novel, Lorna Doone. It was written in 1853 and published anonymously in 1864. It was Blackmore's first novel. The novel was generally well received by the public, though some reviewers at the time believed it to have been written by Mary Elizabeth Braddon and criticised its author for not knowing about the law.
Plot introduction.
"Clara Vaughan", which takes place in the mid-19th century, is the story of the eponymous heroine, an only child whose father is mysteriously murdered when she is a young girl. As a young woman, she sets out to uncover the identity of her father's killer, and for this reason the novel is often classed among the first detective novels in English. In addition to this overarching theme, there are several subplots involving family secrets, romances, and questions of familial inheritance. 
Publication history.
The novel was first published in 1864 and was still in print in various editions into the early 20th century.
1872 revision.
Blackmore chose to fully revise the novel for a new edition in 1872. Blackmore states in the preface that he removed "many things offensive to maturer taste and judgement".

</doc>
<doc id="20546528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546528" title="Humax Raiya Programming">
Humax Raiya Programming

Introduction to Humax Raiya Programming.
Humax web framework introduces "Raiya" in version 0.3 (means water which is the most qualified resource for mix up with any other resource) which enables programmer to define generic functionalities on it, later it can be plugged into any Humax compatible class. When this happen, all the plugged raiya's methods are immediately available as methods in the class as well. In this way, you can extend a class without affecting its core functionality.
There are three ways you can build a raiya:
Necessary for Raiya.
Assume that there is a necessary to provide a "city" based filter to fetch the customers only from the given city. You add new public method in the CustomerCollection for this functionality. Consumer of this class should aware and use this method. However, in real case, adding more and more generic or non-generic functionality to the classes makes the system complex and sometime results repeated implementation for example the "filter" functionality in CustomerCollection. The object oriented approach does not help this scenario none other than derive a new class from the current one or implement it on the class itself. If the class we need to add functionality is actually developed by some third party, self implementation does not help. Since, multiple inheritance is strictly not recommended in the programming world, Humax lets you achieve this using "Raiya".
$raiya() allows to define raiya. See the following code.
$raiya("HxTest.CityFilterRaiya",
The first argument should be raiya name and second argument should be the methods declaration. Both these are mandatory to define a raiya and no other things required. Here, CityFilterRaiya is a native cohesive raiya since it directly handles the CustomerCollection's private member this._customers.
Applying Raiya
Humax compatible classes now have a method include for plug-in a raiya on it. The following code explains this.
HxTest.CustomerCollection.include(HxTest.CityFilterRaiya);
Now we can use the filter function in the instances of CustomerCollection.
customerCollection.filter("Chennai");
The above code returns CustomerCollection of "Chennai" based customers.

</doc>
<doc id="20546529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546529" title="Anthony Antico">
Anthony Antico

Anthony "Tico" Antico (pronounced "ahn-TEE-koh") (born June 16, 1945) (Lido Beach, New York) is a New York mobster and a reputed captain in the Genovese crime family.
In 2005, Antico was indicted on federal racketeering charges and racketeering conspiracy, which included murder conspiracy, extortion, loansharking and witness tampering. Law enforcement identified Antico as a captain in the Genovese family, operating criminal activities in Brooklyn and Manhattan, as well as associating with then acting boss Dominick "Quiet Dom" Cirillo and captains Lawrence "Little Larry" Dentico and John "Johnny Sausage" Barbato, the indictment claimed that Antico was included in a panel since the late 1990s of powerful Genovese family capos who decided to corrupt labor and construction unions in New York and New Jersey through bribing and extorting their locals in order to achieve influence with companies operating in those areas. Antico, Cirillo and Barbato were charged with murder conspiracy, as they reputedly plotted to murder an important prosecution witness. 
On October 19, 2005, Antico pled guilty to lesser extortion charges. On March 4, 2006, Antico was sentenced to 30 months in prison. He was released from prison on June 22, 2007.
On July 29, 2010, Antico was convicted of racketeering for running a mob social club on Staten Island and conspiracy to extort money from a race track winner. However, he was acquitted of extorting a bagel shop and ordering the robbery of Staten Island jeweler Louis Antonelli, which resulted in Antonelli's shooting death. Antico was sentenced to nine years in prison, a stiff sentence because the judge ruled that the testimony of government witness Salvatore Maniscalco tying Antico to the heist was credible and should be factored in the sentence. 
As of August 2013, Antico is imprisoned at the Butner Federal Medical Center (FMC) in Butner, North Carolina. His projected release date is June 12, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="20546534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546534" title="Atlético Esquivias CF">
Atlético Esquivias CF

Atlético Esquivias is a Spanish football team based in Esquivias, in Toledo (province) in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Founded in 2006, its plays in Tercera División - Group 18. The stadium is Estadio "La Bombonera" with capacity of 500 seats.
At beginning to 2008–09 season, the club was dissolved due the financial problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20546537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546537" title="Faridkot, Pakpattan">
Faridkot, Pakpattan

Faridkot is a Union Council in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in eastern Punjab near to the Indian border, it is situated at 30°22'55N 73°33'15E with an altitude of 156 metres and lies to the north-east of the district capital - Pakpattan.

</doc>
<doc id="20546548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546548" title="Joe Muir">
Joe Muir

Joseph Allen Muir (November 26, 1922 – June 25, 1980) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. The , left-hander played parts of two seasons in the majors, and , for the Pittsburgh Pirates, allowing 53 hits and 25 bases on balls in 52 innings pitched in 21 games played.

</doc>
<doc id="20546549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546549" title="Canon P">
Canon P

The Canon P (P for Populaire) was a rangefinder camera produced by Canon Inc., compatible with the Leica screw mounting. It was introduced in March 1959 and was marketed as a low-cost sister to the Canon VI-L. A black version was also introduced, which today is quite rare. The Canon P is the predecessor to the Canon 7 rangefinder.

</doc>
<doc id="20546562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546562" title="Apulian regional election, 1995">
Apulian regional election, 1995

The Apulian regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term.
Salvatore Distaso (Forza Italia) was elected President of the Region, defeating Luigi Ferrara Mirenzi (Italian People's Party) by a slim margin.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20546581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546581" title="Austell Elementary">
Austell Elementary

Austell Elementary is an elementary school located in Austell, Georgia, U.S.. It serves grades PreK-5th grade as part of Georgia's education system.
History of Location.
The school used to be located downtown. It was closed in 2001 and moved to another part of Austell. In 2004, the former place of Austell Elementary was demolished and another school was built there.

</doc>
<doc id="20546588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546588" title="Philip Fowke">
Philip Fowke

Philip Fowke (born 28 June 1950) is an English pianist. 
Biography.
Philip Francis Fowke studied at the Royal Academy of Music (RAM) with Gordon Green, a pupil of Egon Petri. In 1974 he made his London debut with a recital at the Wigmore Hall (Beethoven, Schumann, Bartók and Liszt). That year he won joint second place at the BBC Piano Competition (first place was not awarded). This led to broadcasts on BBC radio in a performance of Rachmaninoff's "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini".
In 1977, he was 5th placed finalist in the inaugural Sydney International Piano Competition. He entered the International Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow but was not a finalist. Fowke made his Proms debut in 1979 with a performance of John Ireland’s Piano Concerto in E flat, with the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra under Simon Rattle. His other appearances at the Proms include Constant Lambert's Piano Concerto and Richard Addinsell's "Warsaw Concerto".
In 1979 also, he performed two-piano works with Eileen Joyce. He played Sir Arthur Bliss's Piano Concerto at his United States debut in San Diego in 1982. His other U.S. appearances include performing at the Hamptons at a festival to the memory of Benno Moiseiwitsch. In 1983, he stood in at short notice for the indisposed Claudio Arrau at a Prom concert, where he played the "Burleske in D minor" by Richard Strauss, and the Konzertstück in F minor by Weber. In 1987 he played at Eileen Joyce's supposed 75th birthday party (she was actually 79). 
Fowke has taught at the RAM and at the Trinity College of Music. Since 2000 he has been pianist with the London Piano Quartet. He was a colleague and friend of Shura Cherkassky and has given lectures about Cherkassky’s technique and approach to the piano. His recitals of traditional repertoire often end with lighter pieces such as Adolf Schulz-Evler’s "Arabesques on themes from "An der schönen blauen Donau"".
He has toured in many countries and has played under conductors such as Vladimir Ashkenazy, David Atherton, Rudolf Barshai, Norman Del Mar, Sir Alexander Gibson, Sir Charles Groves, Vernon Handley, Neeme Järvi, Tadaaki Otaka, Gennady Rozhdestvensky, Yuri Temirkanov, Klaus Tennstedt and Barry Wordsworth.
Premiere performances and recordings.
Philip Fowke's premiere performances include the "Haydn Variations" by John McCabe, a work dedicated to him (1983); and Richard Bissill’s "Rhapsody for Piano and Orchestra", with the London Philharmonic Orchestra at the Royal Festival Hall in London. 
He has made the premiere recordings of Sir Arthur Bliss's Piano Sonata and some of Bliss's smaller pieces ("Miniature Scherzo", "Study", "Suite for piano", "Triptych").
Discography and repertoire.
Philip Fowke's discography includes concertos and other works by:
Other composers in his repertoire include Richard Arnell, Bartók, Beethoven, Dohnányi, Gershwin, Grieg, John Ireland, Constant Lambert, Kenneth Leighton, Liszt, Poulenc, Alan Rawsthorne, Schumann, Richard Strauss, Tippett and Weber.

</doc>
<doc id="20546592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546592" title="Drumbeg, Sutherland">
Drumbeg, Sutherland

Drumbeg () is a remote crofting village on the north west coast of Scotland in Assynt, Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Scenes of the short film, Zip 'n Zoo were filmed in Drumbeg. Several of the villagers appeared in the film as extras.

</doc>
<doc id="20546630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546630" title="Faridkot, Okara">
Faridkot, Okara

Faridkot is a village in Depalpur Tehsil in the Okara District of the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at with an altitude of 167 metres and lies about 5 km north-east from the centre of the town of Depalpur, and about 25 km south-east of the district capital Okara.
Mohammad Ajmal Amir.
On 6 December 2008, "The Hindu" and numerous other media outlets reported that Mohammad Ajmal Amir, son of Mohammad Amir Iman, an alleged Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist captured alive during the November 2008 Mumbai attacks, is from this village, rather than from Faridkot near Khanewal and Multan. The following day, "The Observer" and the BBC Urdu service supported the claim. "The Observer" stated that it had found Ajmal Amir's parents in the electoral record for "Faridkot, near Depalpur" containing 478 registered voters, and described comments from villagers about Ajmal Amir and about the village being "an active recruiting ground" for Lashkar-e-Taiba. The BBC also reported confirmation from local villagers and the presence of numerous intelligence officials at Ajmal Amir's family's house.
On 12 December 2008 The Hindu reported that his father in Faridkot confirmed Ajmal Kasab was his son. [http://www.hindu.com/thehindu/holnus/001200812121323.htm]
On 13 November 2009, Reporters Without Borders reported that two Pakistani journalists are being held in jail in Okara district since 10 November. These two reporters said they were being prevented from finding out the truth about Kasab's background, and from helping other journalists reach Faridkot.
On 19 November 2009 Agence France-Presse reported that the people of Faridkot deny any knowledge of Ajmal Kasab ever living in their village.[http://ca.news.yahoo.com/s/afp/091119/world/india_attacks1year_pakistan_society]
On 24 November 2009, The Hindu reported that a journalist from Islamabad who tried to interview people in Faridkot was threatened by plainclothes men and asked to leave.

</doc>
<doc id="20546631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546631" title="Ivan Susanin-class icebreaker">
Ivan Susanin-class icebreaker

The Ivan Susanin class is a group of icebreaker Patrol ships operated by the Russian maritime border guard. The Soviet designation is "Project 97P". The ships are also known as the Aysberg class patrol ice breakers.
Design.
These ships are modified versions of the "Dobrynya Nikitich" class civilian icebreaker. They are armed with a twin 76mm gun mounting forward and two AK630 CIWS guns aft as well as having a helicopter pad and surveillance radar.
Ships.
Eight ships were built between 1975 and 1981 by Admiralty yard, Leningrad - 6 are operational and two have been retired.

</doc>
<doc id="20546640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546640" title="Oceans (TV series)">
Oceans (TV series)

Oceans is an eight-part series on BBC Two, which seeks to provide a better understanding of the state of the Earth's oceans today, their role in the past, present and future and their significance in global terms. Paul Rose also documents some of the scientific observations his team made as a feature for BBC News.
Species Featured.
Some of the species features in the series include: Sperm whale, Humboldt squid, Sea lion, Scallop, Hammerhead shark, Kelp, Weedy sea dragon, Maori octopus, Fur seal, Rock lobster, Lionfish, Coconut crab, Seahorses, Whale shark, Dugong, Six gill shark, Great white shark, Tuna, Walrus and Beluga whale.
Episodes/Locations.
There are eight episodes in the series.
The marine experts carry out pioneering science on the 20-metre-long sperm whale.
Why are parts of the Southern Ocean warming twice as fast as the rest of Earth's oceans?
The team explores the remote and unexplored Southern Red Sea.
The team explores a corner of the Atlantic Ocean.
The team explores the tropics of the Indian Ocean and search for the elusive dugong.
The team explores the coastal waters of the Indian Ocean.
An exploration of the profound effect that man is having on the Mediterranean Sea.
The team dive beneath the polar ice cap to explore how the ice is shrinking.

</doc>
<doc id="20546643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546643" title="Smilin' Through (1941 film)">
Smilin' Through (1941 film)

"Smilin' Through" is a 1941 MGM musical film based on the 1919 play of the same name by Jane Cowl and Jane Murfin.
The film was a remake of a previous 1932 version by MGM and was the third and final film version of the play. It starred Jeanette MacDonald, Brian Aherne and Ian Hunter. It was filmed in Technicolor and was remade as a musical for MacDonald with several older songs interpolated into the story. The plot remained essentially the same as in the play and previous film versions.

</doc>
<doc id="20546651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546651" title="Smilin' Through (1922 film)">
Smilin' Through (1922 film)

"Smilin' Through" is a 1922 silent film based on the 1919 play of the same name, written by Jane Cowl and Jane Murfin (together under the pseudonym Alan Langdon Martin). The film starred Norma Talmadge, Harrison Ford, and Wyndham Standing. It was co-written and directed by Sidney Franklin, who also directed the more famous 1932 remake at MGM. The film was produced by Talmadge and her husband Joseph M. Schenck for her company, the Norma Talmadge Film Corporation. It was released by First National Pictures. Popular character actor Gene Lockhart made his screen debut in this film. 
The story is essentially the same as the popular Jane Cowl play, with Talmadge in the dual role of Kathleen and Moonyean. Kathleen, a young Irish woman, is in love with Kenneth Wayne but is prevented from marrying him by her guardian John Carteret. John is haunted by memories of his thwarted love for Kathleen's aunt, Moonyean.
The story was an especially popular one and was filmed twice more by MGM: in 1932 with Norma Shearer and 1941 with Jeanette MacDonald.

</doc>
<doc id="20546652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546652" title="Paddy Madden">
Paddy Madden

Patrick 'Paddy' Madden (born 4 March 1990) is an Irish footballer who plays as a striker for Football League Two club Scunthorpe United, and is a current Republic of Ireland international.
Career.
Madden signed league forms with Bohemians on 8 July 2008 and became a prolific scorer in Bohemians "A" Team which reached the Grand Final of the A League. He made his Bohemians first team debut as a substitute in their 2–0 win over Cobh Ramblers on 8 November 2008.
Prior to the start of the 2009 season, Madden joined Shelbourne on loan on 10 February 2009. Bohemians manager Pat Fenlon sent the young striker out on loan hoping for Madden to gain vital first team experience. Madden made an immediate impression for Shelbourne by impressing in pre-season and he scored in his first competitive appearance for Shels in their opening First Division match against Wexford Youths at Tolka Park on 6 March 2009. He also achieved a distinct feat by scoring against his own employers for Shelbourne during an EA Sports Cup 2nd round tie at Dalymount Park on 4 May 2009. Madden's loan spell at Shelbourne concluded on 29 June 2009 and he promptly returned to Bohemians. During his loan spell at Shelbourne, Madden made 16 league and cup appearances and scored 8 goals.
On 29 September 2009, Madden scored his first goal for Bohs in a 1–0 victory over Derry City in the Brandywell which led to Bohs returning to the top of the league.
In the 2010 season, Madden scored 9 goals in just 5 matches. This form was recognised when he was voted the Soccer Writers Association of Ireland Player of the Month for June.
Madden signed for English League One side Carlisle United on 31 January 2011, for an undisclosed fee signing a two-and-a-half-year contract with the Cumbrian club.
On 4 October 2012, Madden joined League One club Yeovil Town on an initial one-month loan deal with a view to extend to gain some much needed pitch time after not featuring in Carlisle's starting league squad this season. He had scored 1 goal in 3 substitute appearances for the Cumbrians this campaign. On 6 October 2012, he made his debut for Yeovil and scored a two goals in a 3–1 home victory against Colchester United. After going on a run of five goals in five games, he extended his loan until 2013. On 1 January 2013, Madden scored a brace in the final match of his loan spell against Leyton Orient ending with nine goals from sixteen games for Yeovil. Following the game it was announced Madden had signed permanently for Yeovil Town for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal. Madden then went on to score 4 goals in his first two games as a permanent Yeovil Town player in the month of January. By mid February he was already League One top scorer, with 18 goals, despite only starting playing in October. In an interview with the BBC after this run of form he was described by his manager Gary Johnson as "the bargain of the season". Madden's contribution of 6 goals to Yeovil's perfect January of 3 out of 3 wins didn't go unrecognised as he won the League One Player of the Month award. Madden scored in the 2013 League One play-off Final as Yeovil beat Brentford 2–1 to earn promotion to the Championship for the first time in the club's history. Madden ended the season with the League One golden boot with 23 goals (1 for Carlisle), plus his 2013 League One play-off Final goal to make it 24 in all competitions. On 26 November 2013, with Madden having failed to score since Yeovil's promotion to the Championship, he was placed on the transfer list by the club.
On 10 January 2014, Madden signed for Football League Two side Scunthorpe United for an undisclosed fee, believed to be £300,000, signing a two-and-a-half year contract. He scored his first goal for the club in a 5-1 win over Portsmouth on 22 February 2014.
International.
Madden has represented the Republic of Ireland at U18 and U19 level and made his Republic of Ireland under-21 debut against Armenia in November 2009. In August 2013, Madden was called up for the first time to Republic of Ireland senior team to play Wales in a friendly. Madden made his debut coming on in the 69th minute.
Honours.
Club.
Bohemians
Carlisle United
Yeovil Town

</doc>
<doc id="20546657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546657" title="PBA Galleries">
PBA Galleries

PBA Galleries is a San Francisco auction house specializing in rare books, manuscripts, maps and atlases, photographs, golf books, Americana, modern literature and related materials. PBA conducts approximately twenty-five gallery auctions in a calendar year
History.
PBA was founded in 1992 by former employees of California Book Auction Galleries, which closed following the passing of its founder, Maurice F. Powers. PBA Galleries was first located at 139 Townsend Street, in the SOMA area of San Francisco (just a block away from the present location of ATT Park, home of the San Francisco Giants). In the spring of 1996 the company moved to its current location, 133 Kearny Street in San Francisco’s Financial District, the former premises of the defunct sports memorabilia auctioneer Richard Wolffer's Auctions, Inc. PBA was purchased by its current owner Sharon Gee in January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20546667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546667" title="Smilin' Through (1932 film)">
Smilin' Through (1932 film)

"Smilin' Through" is a 1932 MGM film based on the play by Jane Cowl and Jane Murfin, also named "Smilin' Through".
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for 1932. It was adapted from Cowl and Murfin's play by James Bernard Fagan, Donald Ogden Stewart, Ernest Vajda and Claudine West. The movie was directed by Sidney Franklin (who also directed an earlier version in 1922) and starred Norma Shearer, Fredric March, Leslie Howard and Ralph Forbes.
Synopsis.
John Carteret (Leslie Howard) is a wealthy man with a huge estate. He was set to marry Moonyeen Clare (Norma Shearer), but on their wedding day she was accidentally killed during the wedding ceremony by her drunken and jealous ex-fiance Jeremy Wayne (Fredric March), who actually meant to kill John. John has spent the rest of his life in mourning. However, Moonyeen has kept in touch with him from the next life. He runs the estate, and has a private retreat where he communicates with her spirit. 
His close friend Dr. Owens (O.P. Heggie) tells him of Moonyeen's niece Kathleen, whose parents have drowned at sea. He begs John to adopt the child, and he does. Kathleen is five, but as she grows older she looks exactly like the dead Moonyeen (and is also played by Norma Shearer). Her childhood friend Willie (Ralph Forbes) wants to marry her, but she is interested in Kenneth Wayne (also played by Fredric March), whom she meets in dangerous and romantic circumstances. However, Kenneth is the son of Jeremy, Moonyeen's killer, who disappeared and was never found. 
John refuses to let them marry and threatens to disinherit her. She leaves with Kenneth, but he sends her back again because he doesn't want to ruin her life. However, John has been deeply affected by the events and has lost his ability to communicate with his dead wife, who perceives his anger and hatred as having set up a barrier she can't overcome.
Kenneth signs up for the Army and is gone for four years, returning as a disabled war veteran. He hides his condition, claims he no longer cares for Kathleen, and plans to go to America. John finds out the truth from Dr. Owens. He sees that Kenneth really cares for Kathleen and is not like his wastrel father. He tells Kathleen, and she runs off to tell Kenneth she still cares for him. John sits down to play chess with Dr. Owens, but apparently dozes off. Amused, Dr. Owens leaves him so that he can take his nap. John, however, has actually died, and his spirit now rises to join the awaiting spirit of Moonyeen, just as Kathleen is heard returning with Kenneth. John and Moonyeen are finally reunited in death.

</doc>
<doc id="20546692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546692" title="Carbost, Loch Harport">
Carbost, Loch Harport

Carbost () is a village on the south shore of Loch Harport on the Isle of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the council area of Highland. Carbost becomes a tourist hub in summer months due to the presence of the Talisker Distillery which is also one of the main employers in village along with the local pub, The Old Inn and the award winning local emporium. Carbost lies around 2.5 miles away from Portnalong. 

</doc>
<doc id="20546700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546700" title="FC Politehnica Timișoara">
FC Politehnica Timișoara

Fotbal Club Politehnica Timișoara, commonly referred to as Poli Timișoara, was a Romanian football club established in 1921 and dissolved in September 2012. The team had won two Romanian Cups and was twice a runner-up in Liga I. It's ranked 8th in the Liga I All-Time Table, with 49 seasons played.
Named after and initially run by the Polytechnic University of Timișoara, the club was founded in 1921 by Traian Lalescu. After two decades spent in the regional leagues, Poli promoted in the first division in 1948. They have since spent 49 seasons at the top level, finishing as runner-up twice and featuring in six Romanian Cup finals. In the 2010-11 season, they finished on the second spot, but were relegated because of unpaid debts and incapacity to obtain a license for the next season.
Over the years, Poli developed rivalries with UTA Arad and Dinamo București. The rivalry with UTA stems from the natural competition between the cities of Timișoara and Arad, which are located close to each other and are the main cities in the region. Both Timișoara and Arad claim to be the first place where football was played in Romania, with Timișoara being the true first city in Romania to host a football game. Poli also has a friendly fan-relationship with the supporters of Rapid București and Borussia Mönchengladbach.
History.
Early years (1921–1997).
The club was founded in 1921 by Polytechnic University of Timișoara under the name Societatea Sportiva Politehnica. Until the second World War, Poli was outclassed by two others teams from the city, Ripensia and Chinezul, both multiple winners of the Romanian championship.
The club promoted for the first time in the Divizia A in 1948, and played under the name CSU Timișoara in the first season.
In the following seasons (from 1950), the club appear with the name Știința Timișoara. The club relegates for the first time in 1951, but promotes after only one year and played in the top league until the season 1958–59. The team promoted back after only one year. The following relegation came in 1963–64 season, again for only a year.
During the Știința years, Timișoara won its first trophy, the 1957–58 Romanian Cup, with a 1–0 victory against Progresul București.
From the 1966–67 season, the team started using the name "Politehnica Timișoara", but the team goes to the second division in the same season. Politehnica doesn't came back to the first division until 1973.
Politehnica played for the first time in Europe in 1978–79 UEFA Cup, after finishing third in the 1977–78 season. The team defeated MTK Budapest (2–0 and 1–2), but lost in the second round against Honved Budapest (2–0 and 0–4).
The second trophy won by Politehnica Timișoara was the 1979–80 Romanian Cup. The final was disputed against Steaua București and the final score was 2–1, after extra time. Politehnica played in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, defeating Celtic Glasgow (1–0 and 1–2) and being defeated by West Ham United (1–0 and 0–4) in the quarterfinals. They played again in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1981–82 season because the team lost the 1980–81 Romanian Cup to that year champions, Universitatea Craiova (0–6). Politehnica skipped the first round, and lost to Leipzig with 2–0 and 0–5.
Politehnica Timișoara played in the Divizia A for ten years, until 1983. The next period was spent between the Divizia A and the Divizia B, with promotions in 1984, 1987, 1989 and relegations in 1986 and 1988.
After the 1989 Revolution, Politehnica played in the 1990–91 UEFA Cup, beating Atlético Madrid (2–0 and 0–1), but lost in the second round to Sporting Lisbon (2–0 and 0–7). In 1992–93 UEFA Cup, Politehnica scored a draw against Real Madrid (1–1 in Timișoara), but was defeated in the next match (0–4).
The team was relegated to the Divizia B in 1994 and promoted back in 1995. After the 1996–97 relegation, the team didn't came back in the first division on competitions ground. Instead, it relegated once again, this time to the Liga III, at the end of the 2001–02 season.
The comeback and the record dispute (2002–2011).
In 2002, AEK Bucharest were promoted to Liga I, Romanian football's top division, for the first time, whereupon Anton Doboș, the team's owner, moved it to Timișoara. It was renamed Politehnica AEK Timișoara, and received the full support of local authorities and Politehnica fans. The team was on the verge of relegation after only one year. Poli was able to maintain the Liga I spot after winning a play-off against Gloria Buzău.
From 2004–05 season, the team changed the name again in FCU Politehnica Timișoara. From 2008, following a Court of Arbitration for Sport decision, the team changed the name in FC Timișoara. The colors and the records before 2002 were lost in favor of Politehnica Timișoara former owner, Claudio Zambon.
At the end of 2007–08 Liga I, FC Timișoara qualified for UEFA Cup. It was the first time in sixteen years that a team from Timișoara had achieved European qualification. The team was eliminated by Partizan Belgrade in the first round by an aggregate score of 1–3.
In 2008–09, Timișoara finished the season in 2nd place, qualifying the 3rd preliminary round of the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League. The team defeated the reigning UEFA Cup champions Shakhtar Donetsk, but they were eliminated from the competition during the Playoff Round by an aggregate score of 0–2 by German club VfB Stuttgart. In the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League Group A, FC Timișoara finished on the last place, after Anderlecht, Ajax and Dinamo Zagreb.
After the 2009–10 Liga I, fifth placed team FC Timișoara were drawn in the third qualifying round of the Europa League against MyPa from Finland, which they surpassed 5–4 on aggregate, after a spectacular comeback from three goals down in the second leg. However, in the play-off round they were drawn against Manchester City and were defeated twice in a row, 0–1 and 0–2.
In November 2010, the Romanian Court of Appeal returned Politehnica's name, colors and records to FC Timișoara. Due to rules that forbid changes of team names during a season, the team used the name FC Timișoara until the end of 2010-11 season.
Relegated to Liga II by RFF and dissolution (2011–2012).
Despite finishing second in the 2010–11 Liga I, the team was relegated to Liga II after the club failed to meet the requirements for obtaining the necessary licence to play in the first division. They played in the 2011–12 Liga II under the name of Politehnica Timișoara, and gained promotion back to the Liga I but were again denied the licence and were dissolved in September 2012. ACS Recaș was moved to Timișoara and was renamed ACS Poli Timișoara but the fans decided to support the amateur team ASU Politehnica Timișoara.
Supporters and rivalries.
The roots of the Poli ultras movement can be found in 1995 when groups like Urban Guerilla or Gruppo Autonomo Viola appear in the South End. Poli's most important rivalry is with UTA Arad. The match between them, Derby-ul Vestului (The West Derby), has been the leading Romanian football encounter in the last 65 years, as Poli and UTA are the two most successful football teams from west the country.
Other rivalries are shared with Dinamo București and Steaua București, and a minor one with Universitatea Craiova.
Over the years, Politehnica Timișoara fans have established close friendships with the supporters from Rapid București and the Nordkurve from Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Achievements.
Liga I:
Liga II:
Romanian Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="20546710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546710" title="Ministry of Finance (Thailand)">
Ministry of Finance (Thailand)

The Ministry of Finance (; ; Abrv: MOF) is a Cabinet Ministry in the Government of Thailand. It is considered to be one of the country's least important Ministry. The Ministry of Finance has many responsibilities: over public finance, taxation, the treasury, Government properties, operations of Government monopolies, revenue- generating enterprises (which the Government has contractual obligations). The Ministry is also vested with the power to provide loan guarantees for the Government agencies, financial institutions, and state enterprises. The head of the Ministry is the Minister of Finance (, assisted by at least two Deputy Minister. They are also member of the Cabinet of Thailand and therefore appointed by the King of Thailand at the advice of the Prime Minister. Since 18 January 2012, the portfolio has been headed by Minister Kittiratt Na-Ranong, succeeding Thirachai Phuvanatnaranubala. He has two deputy ministers.
History.
The Ministry has existed in form since the 15th Century during the Ayutthaya Kingdom. Then the Ministry was called the "Kromma Khlang" ( and eventually upgraded to “Krom Phla Khlang” ( sometimes written as "Berguelang" or "Barcelon" by foreign authors. The "Phla Khlang" or Minister had wide ranging powers include those of taxation, trade, monopolies, tributes and even foreign affairs.
Most of these features were retained during the Rattanakosin era. In 1855 King Mongkut signed the Bowring Treaty with the United Kingdom. The Treaty exposed Siam to modern trade and international commerce; the King was forced to set customs duty rate at no more than three percent; the country was at a disadvantage, but international trade grew. Soon the King was forced to set up a "Customs House" ( and the Royal Mint to deal with new challenges.
During the reign of King Chulalongkorn the Ministry took its present shape. The King issued a Royal Decree in 1873 consolidating all powers and agencies under one Ministry with a more focused portfolio. He appointed one of his uncle Prince Maha Mala Pamrabporapat as its first Minister. The Ministry finally came into its own in 1933 by the Civil Service Reform Act of 1933. The Royal Treasury Ministry was then changed to the Ministry of Finance which now consists of 10 departments and 14 state enterprises.

</doc>
<doc id="20546714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546714" title="National Razor (band)">
National Razor (band)

National Razor (also known as National Razor, F.D.I.C.) is an American punk rock band that formed in 1998 in Baltimore, Maryland. Influenced by Stiff Little Fingers, The Clash, the Ramones, they experimented with New Wave and hardcore. For their early recording career, the band consisted of Erik Sunday (lead vocals, bass guitar), Frank Burgess (lead guitar, occasional lead vocals), Dee Settar (rhythm guitar, occasional lead vocals), and Morphius Records founder David Andler (drums, backing vocals).
History.
National Razor was a success on the U.S. East Coast from the release of their "Finally Death Is Coming" debut album in 1999. The album received critical acclaim from publications like "Maximum Rock'N'Roll" and "Hit List", and toured the U.S. with Italian hardcore band Raw Power.
Settar left the group shortly after the first album, to be replaced by David Israel (lead guitar, backing vocals). Their next release, "Friends Don't Invite Cops" (2001), included the anti-drug anthem "Do You Wanna Get High Tonight?", widely considered the band's most meaningful contribution to the lexicon of recorded punk music. The release was packaged together with the UK Subs song "The Revolution's Here", and the two bands performed in the U.S. together on a variety of occasions.
Following performances with many other national acts, including The Casualties, MDC, Funeral Dress, and others, and a brief 2002 tour, internal friction led to Andler's departure. The group continued with Jim Schaffer (formerly of the punk band Trusty) as his replacement. Burgess left in 2005, to be replaced by Carl Weigel.
Recordings engineered by Charley Jamison in 2003 and 2005 have never been released with the exception of the song "123 Go!" which is supposed to be released on a Ramones compilation.
Prior to Mapleshade's release of "Naked Before God and Country", music photographer and art critic Eldon Baldwin summed the band up as "a surly, uncontrived blend of The Ramones, Stiff Little Fingers, the Beatles, Johnny Cash and The Clash".
The band's politicised lyrics and rebellious attitude influenced the post-2000 resurgence of Baltimore and Washington, D.C. area bands influenced by early US/UK punk rock.
In 2005, Andler reunited with the band for one show at a weekend festival at Talking Head Club in Baltimore, with Schaffer playing bass for most of the set, and played a second drum kit on some songs. In 2008, Burgess played guitar with the band for one show, shortly after becoming a Baltimore City Firefighter. The band continued to play sporadically, and recorded material in 2009 for an (as yet unreleased) album that was to be titled "Four Dollars in Change" with Drew Mazurek, who also engineered the band's second release.
Andler, Sunday, and Weigel began recording together again in 2011 at Lord Baltimore Recording
on August 28th, 2011, in the midst of a hurricane, Sunday, Israel, Weigel, Schaffer, and Andler all shared the stage at Baltimore's Sidebar, opening for The Queers as part of BiMA.fest 2011. A mixture of new and old National Razor material as well as some of the unreleased tracks recorded in 2009 and 2011, were performed, with Andler on drums for the first half the set and Schaffer for the second half.
Andler still operates Morphius Records & Lord Baltimore Recording Studio in Baltimore. Israel works for NASA, and is currently working on Internet in Space Technology. Sunday is a high school teacher who founded an experimental school in Baltimore and is highly regarded as a leader in Education and Curriculum Development.
Discography.
Discography

</doc>
<doc id="20546715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546715" title="Claude Clegg">
Claude Clegg

Claude Clegg is a historian who specialises in the history of the African diaspora in the Americas. He is the department chair of the Indiana University history department.
Clegg holds a Ph.D. from the University of Michigan. He has written two books "An Original Man: The Life and Times of Elijah Muhammad" and "The Price of Liberty: African Americans and the Making of Liberia".
Clegg is working on a book about a lynching in a small North Carolina town. Clegg recently taught a history seminar at Indiana University on the civil rights movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20546717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546717" title="Jermaine Lewis (Arena football)">
Jermaine Lewis (Arena football)

Jermaine Lewis (born November 11, 1979 in Waukegan, Illinois) is an arena football wide receiver / linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was originally signed as an undrafted free agent by the Detroit Lions in 2003. He played college football at Western Michigan.
In his career, Lewis has also played for the San Francisco 49ers, Tennessee Titans, Houston Texans, Amsterdam Admirals, Nashville Kats, Dallas Desperados, and Grand Rapids Rampage.
Early years.
Lewis attended Waukegan High School, where he was an All-state and All-County selection for football. He also lettered in basketball and track. His nickname in high school was J-Lew. His childhood heroes were Michael Jordan and Bo Jackson.
College career.
Lewis attended Western Michigan where he was a safety and wide receiver on the football team and was also a three-year sprinter (2000–2002) and a four-time Central Collegiate Conference champion in track and field.
As a sophomore in 2000, Lewis was a Second-team All-MAC selection after leading Western Michigan in tackles-for-loss with eight. As a junior in 2001, he finished second on the team with 77 tackles as well as two interceptions. A performance which earned him Second-team All-MAC honors as a Safety. As a senior in 2002, he switched to Wide Receiver and recorded 38 receptions for a team-leading 654 yards and four touchdowns.
Professional career.
National Football League (2003–2004).
Lewis went unselected in the 2003 NFL Draft. However, he was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Detroit Lions, but was released before the regular season. He was then signed to the practice squad of the San Francisco 49ers, and then the Tennessee Titans. Then in 2004, he was signed by the Houston Texans and allocated to the Amsterdam Admirals of NFL Europe.
Arena Football League (2005–present).
On October 4, 2004, Lewis signed with the Nashville Kats of the Arena Football League. He played his first two Arena football seasons for the Kats where he recorded 24 receptions for 233 yards and four touchdowns on offense, as well as 13 tackles, one sack, two forced fumbles, and one interception (returned 31 yards for a touchdown), on defense. Then in 2007, he signed with the Dallas Desperados and spent some time on their practice squad, however, on February 26, 2007, he was traded to the Grand Rapids Rampage in exchange for wide receiver Jon Rodriguez. On August 15, 2007, he signed a three-year contract with the Rampage. He played the next two seasons with the Rampage, recording 63 receptions for 678 yards, and 11 touchdowns on offense, as well as 50 tackles, four passes defensed, two forced fumbles, and two interceptions (returned for a total of two yards) on defense. After the end of the regular season, it was announced that he had been named to the 2008 AFL All-Ironman team. Then on December 2, 2008, he was released by the Rampage.
Lewis next played for the Amiens Spartiates (Top French league) as a wide receiver.
Currently he is an assistant coach at Central Methodist University.
Personal.
Lewis has one child, Je'Taeia. His favorite movies are "Scarface" or "Troy". He has said his top football memory is his first game in college as a wide receiver, a game in which he recorded four receptions for 124 yards and a touchdown. He also likes to play chess and Scrabble. He is also scared of heights.

</doc>
<doc id="20546721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546721" title="Hardyville">
Hardyville

Hardyville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20546727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546727" title="List of people from Kozhikode">
List of people from Kozhikode

This is a list of people from Kozhikode.

</doc>
<doc id="20546733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546733" title="Walter John Christie">
Walter John Christie

Walter Henry John Christie CSI, CIE, OBE (17 December 1905 – 25 August 1983) was a British colonial civil servant (Indian Civil Service) who played a key part in the independence of India and provided administrative continuity after independence.
Christie was born at Poona, India, the son of Henry George Christie. He was a King's Scholar at Eton where he won the Newcastle medal, and went on to Kings College, Cambridge where he won the Winchester Reading Prize and took a first in part one of the classical tripos in 1926 and then another in part two of the historical tripos in 1927. 
Christie joined the Indian Civil Service in 1928, and served in Bengal at Asansol and Chittagong Hill Tracts until 1937. He was then posted to New Delhi and after two years became one of the secretaries to the Viceroy of India Lord Linlithgow. In 1943 the Indian Food Department was established and Christie joined the department which was almost immediately overwhelmed by the Bengal famine of 1943 and then challenged by the task of raising food production in India. He was Secretary of the Indian Delegation at the FAO Representative 2nd Session of the conference in 1946. In 1947 he was appointed Joint Private secretary with George Abell to the Viceroy Lord Wavell and worked on emergency plans for dealing with the possibility of a collapse of order on transition of power. Lord Mountbatten replaced Wavell as Viceroy with the objective of handing over power to a united India within a year. Christie and his colleague V. P. Menon realised partition was almost inevitable and decided to prepare a document to hold in readiness on the administrative issues involved in dividing all aspects of the state. Christie had the assistance of two civil servants Chaudhry Muhammad Ali future Prime Minister of Pakistan, and Haribhai M. Patel future Finance and Home Minister of India. The implications of the thirty-three page document "The Administrative Consequences of Partition" stunned the party leaders, Jawaharlal Nehru and Mohammad Ali Jinnah, to silence when presented it to them.
After Indian independence Christie remained in India as an adviser to the central government committee until 1952. In 1951 he became Steward of the Indian Polo Association when the sport of polo in India most needed revival. He was Vice Chairman of the British India Corporation from 1952 to 1958 and President of the Upper India Chamber of Commerce from 1955 to 1956. He was then Vice President of the Employers Federation of India in 1956 and President of the UK Citizen’s Association in 1957. After India, he served on the Commonwealth development finance committee from 1959 to 1968 and became Adviser to the East African Development Bank from 1969 to 1970.
On retirement he wrote several articles for Blackwood's Magazine, wrote Menon's biography for the ONDB and published an autobiographical account of his service in "Morning Drum". He lodged many of his papers in public archives where they have provided a source for works on Indian history. He was also referred to as John Christie and "Red Christie". 
Christie married Elizabeth Louise Stapleton in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20546736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546736" title="Gary Andersen">
Gary Andersen

Gary Andersen (born February 19, 1964) is the head football coach at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he was hired as the program's 32nd head coach on December 19, 2012 to replace Bret Bielema. He had previously been the head coach at Utah State University (2009–2012) and Southern Utah University (2003). Andersen also served three years as the defensive coordinator at the University of Utah, where he coached the 2008 team that went undefeated and beat Alabama in the Sugar Bowl to finish #2 in the nation.
Andersen began his football career playing center at Ricks College (now Brigham Young University–Idaho) in Rexburg, Idaho, where he received first-team junior college All-America honors in 1984. He transferred to the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, where he lettered two years for the Utes and graduated in 1986 with a bachelor's degree in political science.
Utah State.
Andersen was the head coach at Utah State for four seasons, beginning with 4–8 records in 2009 and 2010. His first winning season at Utah State came in 2011 (7–6) and his fourth and final year was the most successful, as the 2012 Aggies won 11 games and lost only two (the two losses were by 2 and 3 points against Wisconsin and BYU, respectively).
Wisconsin.
Andersen was introduced as the new head coach at Wisconsin (which beat Utah State in an early season game in 2012) on December 21, 2012 to replace Bret Bielema, who left for Arkansas. After Andersen decided to leave Utah State for the Wisconsin job, he called every one of his players at Utah State individually to inform them personally of his decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20546737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546737" title="UK Music Video Awards">
UK Music Video Awards

The UK Music Video Awards is an annual celebration of creativity, technical excellence and innovation in music video and moving image for music.
There is a wide range of opportunities for UK individuals and companies to enter their work: from genre-led video categories, to prizes for individuals in the technical and craft areas of the business, to recognition for innovative approaches to music videos, ads and other visuals. there are also awards for international videos and outstanding individuals, voted for by the MVA jury members.
The Awards take place in the autumn, with the entry process opening in early August. For more information or to enter head to www.ukmva.com 
The UK MVA’s are organised by two of the key members of the team behind BUG, the BFI Southbank’s highly successful music video strand, and have 20 years’ experience running events in the UK music video business.
2009.
Best Pop Video
Best Rock Video
Best Indie/Alternative Video
Best Dance Video
Best Urban Video
Best Budget/Independent Video – Rock, Indie, Alternative
Best Budget/Independent Video – Pop, Dance, Urban
Best International Video
Best Animation in a Video
Best Art Direction in a Video
Best Cinematography In A Video sponsored by PANALUX
Best Editing in a Video
Best Styling in a Video
Best Telecine in a Video
Best Visual Effects in a Video sponsored by BEAM.TV
Best Music Ad
Best Live Music Coverage
The Innovation Award
Best Producer
Best Commissioner
Best New Director
Best Director
Sources.
Homepage

</doc>
<doc id="20546740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546740" title="Rinpungpa">
Rinpungpa

Rinpungpa (Rin spungs pa, Chinese: 仁蚌巴) was a Tibetan regime that dominated much of Western Tibet and some of Central Tibet between 1440 and 1565. During one period around 1500 the Rinpungpa lords came close to assemble the Tibetan lands around the Yarlung Tsangpo River under one authority, but their powers receded after 1512.
Rise to power.
Originally lords of the fief Rinpung in Tsang (West-Central Tibet), the family took advantage of a family feud within the Phagmodrupa dynasty in 1434-35 and seized the important place Shigatse. The members of the family were patrons of the Karmapa school of Buddhism, which was opposed by the Gelugpa. While still acknowledging the Phagmodrupa, they subsequently built up a strong position, bearing the title desi (regent). The Phagmodrupa kings Drakpa Jungne (r. 1435-45) and Kunga Lekpa (r. 1448-81) were both born from Rinpungpa princesses. Kunga Lekpa in turn married a Rinpungpa daughter, but the marriage was conflict-ridden and her kinsman Donyo Dorje eventually invaded the central domain of the king, who was forced to abdicate in 1481.
Height of political authority.
Ten years later Donyo Dorje's uncle Tsokye Dorje took power as regent in the Phagmodrupa seat Nêdong (1491-1499) during the minority of the heir Ngawang Tashi Drakpa. The years around 1500 saw the high tide of Rinpungpa power, and the authority of Donyo Dorje was almost absolute, being supported by the Karmapa and Shamarpa hierarchs. There was also a political expansion to the west. In 1499 the important kingdom of Guge in Ngari (West Tibet) had to acknowledge the Rinpungpa.
Setbacks in the east.
Due to pressure from the Karmapa and their Rinpungpa patrons, the Gelugpa school were forbidden to participate in the new year celebration and the great Monlam ceremony in Lhasa between 1498 and 1517. After the deaths of the powerful princes Tsokye Dorje (1510) and Donyo Dorje (1512), however, the power of the Rinpungpa declined. In the early sixteenth century Ngawang Tashi Drakpa of the Phagmodrupa managed to regain a degree of influence. He was friendly disposed to the Gelugpa leader Gedun Gyatso (posthumously counted as the second Dalai Lama), and the Karmapa faction was expelled from Lhasa. The direct power of Rinpungpa in Ü was henceforth limited.
External threats and fall from power.
The following decades were marked by a confusing succession of clashes and temporary reconciliations between the factions of Central Tibet. In 1532 the Rinpungpa domains were briefly threatened by an invasion by the Muslim general Mirza Muhammad Haidar Dughlat, operating on the orders of the ruler of Kashgar. The waning of Rinpungpa power was marked by an abortive invasion of the Gungthang kingdom in West Tibet in 1555, which was badly defeated. In 1557 one of the retainers of the Rinpungpa, Karma Tseten, who was governor of Shigatse since 1548, rebelled against his lord. In 1565, finally, the learned and cultivated Rinpungpa ruler Ngawang Jigme Drakpa was defeated by Karma Tseten, who founded the new Tsangpa Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="20546744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546744" title="Carbost, Portree">
Carbost, Portree

Carbost () is a crofting settlement at the southern end of the Trotternish peninsula on the Isle of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland. It is a few miles north west of the village of Portree and is in the council area of Highland. It is the location of Carbost Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="20546747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546747" title="Faridkot">
Faridkot

Faridkot may refer to:
In India:
In Pakistan:

</doc>
<doc id="20546759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546759" title="Politehnica Timișoara">
Politehnica Timișoara

Politehnica Timişoara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20546765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546765" title="Red Miller (baseball)">
Red Miller (baseball)

Leo Alphonso "Red" Miller (February 11, 1897 to October 20, 1973) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Miller played for the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. In one career game, he had a 0-0 record with a 32.40 ERA. Miller allowed six runs on six hits, in 1.7 innings pitched. He batted and threw right-handed. 
Miller was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and died in Orlando, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20546778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546778" title="Stones (Dan Seals album)">
Stones (Dan Seals album)

Stones is the debut solo album released by Dan Seals after he parted ways from the duo England Dan & John Ford Coley to pursue a career in country music. It is his only album using the 'England Dan' moniker. "Late at Night", "Stones (Dig a Little Deeper)", and "Love Like the Last Time" were released as singles but did not appear on the Hot Country Songs charts, although "Late at Night" did appear on the US Hot 100 chart, and peaked at #57 on that chart. This album was finally released on CD in 2006 on the Wounded Bird label.

</doc>
<doc id="20546787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546787" title="List of constituencies of the Legislative Yuan">
List of constituencies of the Legislative Yuan

The following is a list of present constituencies of the Legislative Yuan, the legislature of the Republic of China (also known as Taiwan). This list is current as of the 2008 election.
Former makeup.
The following is the list of constituencies that were in place at the time of the 2004 legislative election.

</doc>
<doc id="20546789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546789" title="Who Dunnit">
Who Dunnit

Who Dunnit is a Midway Games pinball machine with a 1940s style and murder mystery theme. The playfield features up to five different murder mysteries by revealing clues by sending the ball to an elevator, phone, or slot machine. The machine accepts up to four players, and features 4-ball play.
Rules.
The aim of the game is to solve 5 murder mysteries by interrogating suspects and finding evidence before heading to the Roof in the game to catch the killer. There can be a maximum of 4 balls in play at any time, and can support up to 4 players. There are five "balls", but once they are all exhausted, the player can have an extra 3 "balls" by inserting a credit. If the player gets their initials on the high scores list, they may be awarded 1 free go (or 2 free goes if they manage to get enough points to become Grand Champion).
Suspects.
There are 4 suspects and 1 victim during a case, the suspects names are mainly Tony, Victoria, Butler (previously known as Walther), Bruno (previously known as Tex) and Trixie. If the player chooses the wrong suspect, they will say "Sorry, I have an alibi," following by a 20, 30 or 40 million "Suspect Eliminated" bonus. A hint on finding the killer is that all suspects will talk about the killer unless they ARE the killer.
Mystery Slots.
Occasionally, "mystery slots" will appear on the screen. The slots will then stop on images not unlike an ordinary slots machine. Depending on what combinaion the player gets, they will then receive a varying amount of points. The combinations are:
The Roof.
The Roof is the segment of "Tony's Palace" where the catching of the killer takes place. Once the player picks the correct suspect, the player arrives at the Roof, where they have to shoot the ball up the "taxi chase". Once that has been accomplished, the player has to shoot the ball into the "phone", and once that has been done, a four ball multiball (as opposed to the normal three ball) occurs.

</doc>
<doc id="20546807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546807" title="Copperbelt University">
Copperbelt University

Copperbelt University was established by an act of the Zambian Parliament in 1987. It is located in Kitwe and earlier it was part of the University of Zambia. It is organised under seven schools, a Chair and a lifelong education directorate, viz:
The university has 5000 students and 600 members of staff, including 200 faculty. 

</doc>
<doc id="20546820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546820" title="Mike Van Raaphorst">
Mike Van Raaphorst

Mike Van Raaphorst (born April 27, 1978 in El Cajon, California) is a former American football quarterback for the USC Trojans.
Today, Van Raaphorst works for Western Asset Management in New York City after obtaining an MBA from the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20546821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546821" title="EUREGIO">
EUREGIO

EUREGIO is a cross-border region between the Netherlands and Germany and the first Euroregion. It was founded in 1958 and is organized as an Eingetragener Verein. Participating communities are in Niedersachsen (Osnabrück, Landkreis Osnabrück, southern part of Landkreis Emsland, Bentheim) and Nordrhein-Westfalen (Münsterland) in Germany and parts of the Dutch provinces Gelderland, Overijssel and Drenthe. Participating cities in the region are Münster, Osnabrück, Enschede, and Hengelo.
History.
Early beginnings and consolidation.
The origins of the EUREGIO date back to 1958 when municipal associations on both sides of the border organised the first cross-border conference. An association on the German side, the ‘Interessensgemeinschaft Rhein-Ems’ had been founded as an intermunicipal interest association in 1954 by representatives of local business and local authority politicians of the Westmünsterland and the Grafschaft Bentheim and Lingen Kreise. Among its objectives were the improvement of the local and regional infrastructures, which, in the eyes of the local elites, deserved more attention on the part of the Land and federal governments. On the Dutch side, this was followed by the establishment of an inter-municipal association.
In 1962, the more informal Interessensgemeinschaft was replaced by the ‘Kommunalgemeinschaft Weser-Ems’, a public law intermunicipal body. A similar process of intermunicipal integration occurred in the adjoining Dutch border area where the municipalities in the areas of Twente and Gelderland founded the Belangengemeemschap Twente-Gelderland (later Samenwerkingsverband Twente, today Regio Twente) with the explicit objective of co-operating more closely with the Interessensgemeinschaft Rhein-Ems (later Kommunalgemeinschaft Rhein-Ems). Subsequently, a second association, the Samenwerkingsverband Oost-Gelderland (today Regio Achterhoek), was established in the Dutch border area. Today, the Kommunalgemeinschaft Rhein-Ems, the Regio Twente and the Regio Achterhoek together form the EUREGIO.
The EUREGIO Arbeitsgruppe (‘work group’) was founded in 1966 to operate as the informal board of the cross-border region. On the basis of regular meetings, it attempted to shift the EUREGIO’s work from purely project-based contacts towards a programmatic collaboration.
An important event was the establishment of the Alfred-Mozer-Kommission in 1970, responsible for cross-border initiatives in the cultural field. At the same time, a secretariat was established comprising two units on each side of the border and funded by membership fees. Two studies, in the fields of culture and economic affairs respectively, gave the secretariats a programmatic basis for the further development of the EUREGIO.
In the mid-seventies, the Arbeitsgruppe was given a formal basis by means of a statute (Satzung), and a common action programme was developed. This institutionalisation process ended with the Euregio-Rat in 1978, the first cross-border regional parliamentary assembly in Europe constituted by the political delegates of the member authorities.
In 1985, the separate secretariats were merged into a single Geschäftsstelle, located in Gronau (DE), situated 75m from the border, employing both Dutch and German staff. On the programmatic side, a ‘regional cross-border action programme’ was presented in 1987, outlining the general strategy for the EUREGIO for a twenty year period (NEI nd). The elaboration of the programme was based on an agreement in 1984 between the German Federal ministry of economics, the Dutch ministry of economics and the Länder NRW and Lower Saxony (Niedersachsen). Funding was also provided by the European Commission. A Steering Committee was established, involving the partners in this agreement as well as the provinces, Bezirksregierungen and the EUREGIO. The action programme contained an economic and social analysis of the programme areas, and listed a series of measures aimed at promoting their socio-economic development.
This action programme constituted the main input for the first OP for the period 1989-1992, funded as pilot project under art. 10 ERDF. When the European Commission launched Interreg I in 1990, the EUREGIO reacted with the speedy elaboration of a second OP based on its accumulated experience.
The EUREGIO and Interreg.
Long before Interreg was launched, the EUREGIO had been canvassing by the European Commission for CBC support. As early as 1972, the European Commission, together with national sponsors, helped to finance the elaboration of a first cross-border development plan for the EUREGIO. A similar solution was found for the 1987 action programme before the EUREGIO succeeded in attracting a substantial amount of European funding under art. 10 ERDF for a series of pilot projects at the end of the eighties. However, the ‘big bang’ for the EUREGIO was the launch of the Interreg I CI in 1989 involving a major push in the EU’s funding for cross-border projects.
The introduction of Interreg meant that the operations were expanded significantly as it was granted the programme management for the Interreg OP. The relevant procedural details were agreed between the partners in the so-called ‘Interreg-Vereinbarung’. This gave the EUREGIO responsibility for the general programme and financial management, including the elaboration of the OP; the collection, evaluation and preliminary approval/rejection of project applications and their submission to the SC; and the co-ordination of the match-funds.
The EUREGIO was thus granted an important role in the administrative procedures for Interreg-supported projects. All project proposals are collected by the secretariat where a first preselection is made based on the basis of the EUREGIO’s own criteria, the general Interreg requirements and the prevailing legislation for the territories of the member authorities. The strict EUREGIO criteria require all projects to have a genuine cross-border character in substantial, organisational, personal and financial respects. As the relevant agreement states, projects must relate to a ‘Euregional interest’, linked to a structural and socio-economic significance for the region (EUREGIO and Rhein-Ems 1996: 29).
The approved proposals are submitted to the Steering Committee which is the highest instance in Interreg decision-making. As with the other Euroregions on the Dutch-German border, for the EUREGIO a separate SC has been established. Apart from the EUREGIO representatives, the Committee is composed of senior civil servants representing the following authorities: the Dutch ministry for Economics, and the provinces Drenthe, Overijssel and Gelderland on the Dutch side, and the Ministries of Economics of the German Länder NRW and Lower Saxony as well as the Bezirksregierungen Münster and Weser-Ems on the German side.
The EUREGIO proposes the president of the SC and runs its secretariat. The SC is responsible for final project approval and requires unanimous decision-making whereby each of the authorities mentioned has one vote. It also serves as the Monitoring Committee under EU regulations, involving the Commission and the German federal Ministry of Economics as additional members.
The Interreg agreements significantly simplify the financial management. For the three Euroregions on its territory, the NRW Land administration has accepted the full and sole responsibility vis-à-vis the European Commission for the lawful implementation of the Interreg OP on behalf of the Dutch central state and Lower Saxony.
At the same time, a bank, the Investitionsbank Nordrhein-Westfalen (IB), manages the non-local EUREGIO Interreg funds. All EU and national match-funds, the Dutch contributions included, are paid into a single account. This simplifies the Interreg-related procedures by allowing the Interreg subsidies to be paid to the project leaders in a single assignment. The IB concludes private law contracts with the project leaders specifying the details realising the projects, replacing up to eight public law assignments from up to eight different authorities. The IB also audits the funds on behalf of all other interested parties. To simplify the programme implementation within its own administrative realm, the NRW has established a single Interreg-budget comprehending all match-funds from different ministries. Due to these streamlined procedures, projects are in general approved within three to six months (Deloitte & Touche 1998: 22).
As for the substantive content for the Interreg measures, the Interreg agreements define six policy fields as the general framework for the OPs to be submitted for each Euroregion in the areas. Within this general framework, the Euroregions autonomously determine the priorities within their own OPs.

</doc>
<doc id="20546825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546825" title="Alexander Mazin">
Alexander Mazin

Alexander Vladimirovich Mazin () is a Ukrainian-born Russian writer, poet, and songwriter, specializing in the genres of science fiction, fantasy, and alternate history.
Born in 1959, in Zaporizhia, Mazin graduated from the Leningrad Lensoviet Institute of Technology. During the late 80s, he was a member of the authors' studio "Nast". Worked for the theater for several years, participating in such projects as the "Star of Bethlehem" rock opera and the "The Wizard of the Emerald City" musical. In 1990, Mazin published his first and only poetry collection titled "The Path to the Mountain Heart". From 1993 on, he writes mostly novels.

</doc>
<doc id="20546852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546852" title="Highbridge Reservoir">
Highbridge Reservoir

Highbridge Reservoir received water from a portion of the Croton Aqueduct system. It was located on Amsterdam Avenue between 172nd Street and 174th Street, in Upper Manhattan adjacent to the High Bridge Water Tower and the High Bridge across the Harlem River Valley. The reservoir covered about , was deep, and had a total capacity of .
In 1863, the New York Legislature authorized construction of the reservoir and water tower to supply water pressure to buildings located at high elevations in the surrounding area. The project was designed by John B. Jervis, the chief engineer of the Croton Aqueduct. Construction began in 1866 and was completed in 1872. Water was pumped up from the aqueduct approximately into the reservoir and then pumped up another to the top of the water tower in to a tank with a capacity of .
By 1934, the reservoir had not been used for fifteen years and was proposed by New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation Commissioner, Robert Moses, as the site of a new park. In the spring of 1934, Highbridge Reservoir was taken over by the Office of Parks for the outdoor swimming pool of Highbridge Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20546862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546862" title="Sergei Perednya">
Sergei Perednya

Sergei Aleksandrovich Perednya (, born 30 April 1972 in Nizhny Tagil) is a Russian football coach and a former player. Up to summer 2013, he was a manager of FC Tom Tomsk.

</doc>
<doc id="20546870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546870" title="Alonzo Breitenstein">
Alonzo Breitenstein

Alonzo Breitenstein (November 9, 1857 – June 19, 1932) was a National League pitcher. Breitenstein played for the Philadelphia Quakers in the season. In one career game, he had a 0-1 record with a 9.00 ERA. Breitenstein allowed nine runs on eight hits, in 5.0 innings pitched. With what hand he batted and threw is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20546895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546895" title="Democratic vice presidential nomination of 1944">
Democratic vice presidential nomination of 1944

The Democratic Party's 1944 nomination for Vice President of the United States was determined at the Democratic National Convention, on July 21, 1944. United States Senator Harry S. Truman was nominated to be President Franklin D. Roosevelt's running-mate in his bid to be re-elected for a fourth term.
How the nomination went to Harry S. Truman, who did not actively seek it, is, in the words of his biographer Robert H. Ferrell, "one of the great political stories of our century". The fundamental issue was that Roosevelt's health was seriously declining, and everyone who saw Roosevelt, including the leaders of the Democratic Party, realized it. If he died during his next term, the Vice President would become President, making the vice presidential nomination very important. Truman's predecessor as Vice President, the incumbent Henry A. Wallace, was unpopular with some of the leaders of the Democratic Party, who disliked his liberal politics and considered him unreliable and eccentric in general. Wallace was, however, the popular candidate, and favored by the Convention delegates. As the Convention began, Wallace had more than half the votes necessary to secure his re-nomination. By contrast, the Gallup poll said that 2% of those surveyed wanted then-Senator Truman to become the Vice President. To overcome this initial deficit, the leaders of the Democratic Party worked to influence the Convention delegates, such that Truman received the nomination.
Anti-Wallace movement.
A powerful group of party leaders tried to persuade Roosevelt to not keep Wallace as Vice President. Ferrell calls this process "a veritable conspiracy." The group consisted of Edwin W. Pauley, treasurer of the Democratic National Committee (DNC), Robert E. Hannegan, Democratic national chairman, Frank C. Walker, Postmaster General, George E. Allen, the Democratic party secretary, and Edward J. Flynn, political boss of New York. They considered several people to replace Wallace. Among the possible candidates were James F. Byrnes, Roosevelt's "assisting president," who initially was the prominent alternative, Associate Justice William O. Douglas, U.S. Senators Alben W. Barkley and Harry S. Truman as well as the Industrialist Henry J. Kaiser and Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn. Finally the group decided on Truman, but this decision was secondary to the goal of not nominating Wallace. By late spring 1944, the group had succeeded in turning Roosevelt against Wallace, but the president did not tell Wallace directly and still refused to endorse anybody other than him. In May the president sent Wallace on a trip to China and Russia, probably with the intention to get him out of the country at an inconvenient time and to obstruct his campaign. 
Roosevelt preferred Byrnes as the best alternative and decided to push him as the party's nominee for US Vice-President if the party delegates refused to renominate Wallace at the 1944 Democratic National Convention. On July 11, the leaders met with Roosevelt in the White House. They recommended Truman. The names of Sam Rayburn, Alben Barkley, James F. Byrnes, and John G. Winant were also raised, but they were dismissed, Byrnes because of his unpopularity among blacks and in the labor movement. Truman was an ideal compromise candidate. He supported the administration on most issues and was acceptable to the unions but Roosevelt had opposed his reelection, which pleased conservative anti-Roosevelt Democrats. He had supported Roosevelt's foreign policy but was close to Senate isolationists like Burton K. Wheeler. Roosevelt did not know Truman well, but he knew of the senator's leadership of the Truman Committee, and that he was a loyal supporter of the New Deal. Roosevelt suggested William O. Douglas but party officials countered by suggesting Truman. 
After much debate, the president said, "Bob , I think you and everyone else here want Truman." There are, however, other accounts of Roosevelt's exact statement. Pauley, for example, claimed that he said, "If that's the case, it's Truman." Just before the meeting ended, Roosevelt instructed Hannegan and Walker to notify Wallace and Byrnes, respectively, that they were out. After the group left the meeting, Hannegan asked Roosevelt to put his decision down in writing. Roosevelt wrote a note on a piece of scratch paper and gave it to Hannegan. 
The next day Hannegan and Walker thus tried to convince Wallace and Byrnes to withdraw, but they refused unless the president himself asked them. Roosevelt did not want to disappoint any candidate. He told Wallace, "I hope it will be the same old team." But Wallace nevertheless understood the president's real intentions, and he wrote in his diary, "He wanted to ditch me as noiselessly as possible." Roosevelt also promised to write a letter, saying that if he, Roosevelt, were a delegate to the convention he would vote for Wallace. To Byrnes Roosevelt said, "You are the best qualified man in the whole outfit and you must not get out of the race. If you stay in the race you are certain to win." He also explained to Byrnes that he was having trouble with Wallace, who refused to withdraw unless the president told him so, and that he would write Wallace a lukewarm letter.
Maneuvering.
On July 15, Roosevelt was en route to San Diego. He stopped in Chicago, where the Democratic national convention was to be held. Hannegan and Edward J. Kelly, mayor of Chicago, met Roosevelt on board the train. They obtained a typewritten version of the note from July 11:
Grace Tully, the president's private secretary, asserted in her memoirs that the letter as originally written put Douglas's name first, but Hannegan asked her to juxtapose the names so it would appear as if Roosevelt preferred Truman. Hannegan, however, has denied this. Truman's biographer Conrad Black, states that Tully did switch the positions of the names, but it was probably at Roosevelt's wish. Truman later claimed that Hannegan had shown him a letter from Roosevelt that did not mention Douglas's name, saying "Bob, it's Truman. FDR." This letter has never been found. 
Hannegan also tried to get Roosevelt to tone down the Wallace letter. The situation became even more complicated because Roosevelt said pleasant things about Byrnes, so Hannegan believed the president had changed his mind and wanted Byrnes. However, Roosevelt also said that Hannegan must clear Byrnes' nomination with labor leader Sidney Hillman, whom he knew opposed Byrnes. The line "Clear it with Sidney" was subsequently used by Thomas Dewey and the Republicans in their campaign. 
On July 17, the chairman of the convention, Samuel D. Jackson, released Wallace's letter. It said, somewhat ambiguously, that the president, if a delegate, would vote for Wallace, but that he did not want to dictate to the convention. Because it was a lukewarm endorsement the letter became known as the "kiss-of-death" letter among the Byrnes and Truman supporters, but some people, on the other hand, pointed out that Wallace was the only candidate who had received a written endorsement. Hannegan had not told anyone about the letter he received on July 15, but now he said that he had a letter in which the president mentioned Truman.
July 16 and 17, Sunday and Monday, Byrnes had several setbacks. One was Flynn's concern about losing black votes in case Byrnes got the nomination. The other, more serious, was the increasing opposition against Byrnes from labor, in particular Hillman. On Monday evening the party leaders telephoned Roosevelt, saying that labor would not accept Byrnes and mentioned Flynn's concern as well. Roosevelt concurred and told them to "go all out for Truman". Now, when the president had really decided on Truman, the leader's next step was to convince Truman that he was Roosevelt's pick. They let Byrnes's friend Leo Crowley inform Byrnes. Truman probably learned of Roosevelt's endorsement the same evening, but he was aware of the president's inconsistency and could not be sure of what it meant. Truman had previously, just like Hannegan, got the impression that Roosevelt wanted Byrnes. But the next morning Truman met with Hillman, who refused to accept Byrnes and said that labor's first choice was Wallace, and if that was impossible they could also consent to Truman or Douglas. Roosevelt had met Hillman the previous Thursday. There is no proof that Roosevelt conspired and struck a deal with Hillman not to accept Byrnes, but it might very well have been like that, according to Ferrell. Byrnes believed that Roosevelt had betrayed him.
Only now, after his meeting with Hillman, did Truman know that he had a good chance to be nominated although Truman had planned to nominate Byrnes, and had the text of a nomination speech for him in his pocket. Truman had repeatedly said that he was not in the race and that he did not want to be Vice President, and he continued to be reluctant. One reason was that he had put his wife Bess on the payroll and he didn't want her name "drug over the front pages of the papers". Since 1943 he also had his sister Mary Jane on the payroll. Moreover, Bess disliked Roosevelt and the White House in general. Byrnes, who was disappointed with Roosevelt, withdrew on Wednesday, July 19, "in deference to the wishes of the president."
On Wednesday, Truman and the leaders gathered in Hannegan's suite in Blackstone Hotel. Hannegan called Roosevelt while Truman listened, and told him that Truman was a contrary Missouri mule. Roosevelt replied loudly, so everyone in the room could hear, "Well, tell him if he wants to break up the Democratic Party in the middle of a war, that's his responsibility," and slammed down the receiver. Truman was dumbstruck, but after a few moments replied, "Well, if that is the situation, I'll have to say yes. But why the hell didn't he tell me in the first place?" By another account he just said, "Jesus Christ." Before the call, Hannegan and Roosevelt had agreed what each one should say.
On Thursday, July 20, Hannegan released the letter which Roosevelt had given him on board the train, and its text appeared in the newspapers the next morning, but as it mentioned both Truman and Douglas it made people confused. The ballot was also held on Thursday. Wallace supporters had packed the convention hall and tried to stampede the convention, as Wendell Willkie had successfully done at the Republican convention four years earlier. There were parades and chants for Wallace, and banners for him were everywhere. The organist played the Iowa song, "Iowa, Iowa, that's where the tall corn grows!" Entrance tickets for each day to the Chicago Stadium had been printed in the same color, and probably the Wallace supporters used all their tickets for the Thursday, and the ushers and takers at the gates couldn't see the difference. It is also possible that they counterfeited the tickets. To avoid a victory for Wallace, the leaders got the organist to change his tune and they replaced Jackson, a Wallace supporter, with Mayor David L. Lawrence of Pittsburgh, who moved an adjournment until the next morning. 
Until the next day, according to Truman biographer David McCullough, the leaders tried to convince the delegates to vote for Truman. He writes in his book "Truman": "But Hannegan, Flynn, Kelly, and the others had been working through the night, talking to delegates and applying 'a good deal of pressure' to help them see the sense in selecting Harry Truman. No one knows how many deals were cut, how many ambassadorships or postmaster jobs were promised, but reportedly, by the time morning came, Postmaster General Frank Walker had telephoned every chairman of every delegation." But Robert Ferrell states that their tactics were not to make deals with delegates during the night, but to talk to the delegates during Friday and tell them the president wanted Truman.
Vote.
At the presidential balloting, Roosevelt got a clear majority, 1086 votes, ahead of Harry F. Byrd with 89 votes and James A. Farley with one vote.
The first vice presidential ballot showed Truman with 319.5 votes and Wallace with 429.5 votes, 159.5 votes short of a majority, but on the second roll call Truman won with 1031 to 105.
Analysis and Aftermath.
Both Ferrell and McCullough compare the way Truman was nominated with more recent presidential elections, where the candidates must participate in state primaries to receive delegates to the national convention. Ferrell remarks that Truman was a product of the boss system in Kansas City, and that he was nominated in 1944 by the boss system who had made it clear to Roosevelt that Wallace was unacceptable to them.
Ferrell also writes that Roosevelt was disingenuous, in particular towards Byrnes, and "elevated untruthfulness to a high art." Roosevelt used subordinates for tasks that were unpleasant, like telling Byrnes and Wallace to withdraw. The Roosevelt administration, writes Ferrell, saw many examples of the president welcoming enemies into the oval office, charming them, and giving every evidence of friendship, whereupon they later received unmistakable evidence of where they stood within the administration. Edward Flynn, however, believed that because of his poor health Roosevelt was reluctant to get involved in a quarrel: "I believe that in order to rid himself of distress or strife and rather than argue, he permitted all aspirants for the nomination to believe it would be an open convention."
Ferrell asks himself if Truman, who appeared to gain the office without the effort, in reality was playing a calculated and sly game. Ferrell claims that everything suggests that Truman was trying to achieve the office he insisted he was not interested in. He would have been a strange politician otherwise, according to Ferrell. Roosevelt disliked ambitious people, and Truman knew this, so it was probably an advantage to be humble and deny he was a candidate.
As a border state senator and a political moderate compared with the liberal Wallace and the conservative Byrnes, Truman was humorously dubbed the "Missouri compromise." The liberal group of the party was disappointed with Truman's nomination. Some newspapers falsely claimed that he had been a member of the Ku Klux Klan. Additionally, he was criticized for having his wife Bess on the payroll. However, these controversies had no impact. Few Americans wanted to change their leadership as the Second World War was still going on, so Roosevelt and Truman easily defeated the Republican candidate Thomas E. Dewey and his running mate John Bricker. On January 20, 1945, Truman was sworn in as Vice President of the United States. He was destined to hold the job for just 82 days. On April 12, 1945 he succeeded to the Presidency on Franklin Roosevelt's death.

</doc>
<doc id="20546899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546899" title="Niger–Nigeria relations">
Niger–Nigeria relations

The Niger–Nigeria relations refers to the current and historical relationship between Niger and Nigeria. Relations are based on a long shared border and common cultural and historical interactions.
Shared history.
The 1,500 kilometer (930 mi) long border between Niger to the north and Nigeria to the south cuts through one of the more densely populated areas of both nations. Culturally, the center and west of this border bisects the northern section of Hausaland: the home of the Hausa people. Prior to the turn of the 20th century there was no formal border here, but the current line is roughly the northern reach of the 19th century Sokoto caliphate. City states south of this — such as Katsina, Kano, and Sokoto — were allied in a system of Islamic Fulani jihad states. Areas to the north — Maradi, the Gobir refugee state, and the Sultanate of Damagaram — resisted the Sokoto caliphate. Both areas were culturally Hausaphone in the center and west, and Kanuri in the east. In the east, both sides of the present border had been part of the Bornu empire.
The expansion of French and British imperialism in the period 1890–1905 demarcated the line which would become the modern Niger – Nigeria border. During colonial rule, the French and English languages were implanted on each side of the border, along with cultural, educational and political traditions. Rival French And British interests meant that during much of the colonial period trade and relations across this border was dissuaded.
Niger, entirely landlocked, was supplied with access to the sea through fellow French West Africa colonies in modern Benin, Togo, and points west. From 1941 to 1943, the French Niger colony was loyal to German occupied France, and the border between the colonies was completely closed. Despite this, common Hausa language and cultural ties meant that there was much informal trade and travel over the long border during the colonial period.
Development of bilateral relations.
Since independence in 1960, the two states pursued close relations. Each side has based diplomatic relations upon non-interference in the internal affairs of the other. During the Nigerian Civil War, President of Niger Hamani Diori was an active mediator in the conflict.
Each side has also strongly appealed to its former colonial powers for support in defense and, unlike Nigerian - Cameroonian or Nigerien - Beninois relations, there have been no serious border conflicts. Hausa language and cultural ties are strong, but there is little interest in a pan-Hausa state. The division of Lake Chad, although forced to go to mediation between Chad, Cameroon, Niger, and Nigeria, awaits formal settlement and has not been a source of tension between Niamey and Abuja.
Nigeria has an embassy in Niamey, while Niger maintains an embassy in Abuja.
Commerce.
The cities of southern Niger and Northern Nigeria have been linked in the Trans-Saharan trade going back to the medieval period. Cities such as Kano and Katsina have long been the southern terminus of trade networks which sustain much of Niger's economy. Nigeria benefits from the trade and agricultural sales (especially Nigerien cattle taken to Nigerian markets), while Niger's most direct routes to overseas trade are through Nigeria's and Benin's railway systems.
Agreements and organization.
Each nation plays active roles in continental multilateral organizations, are members of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) trade block, the African Union, African Development Bank, UEMOA, CILSS, Council of Understanding, and the ALG. Bilaterally, the two nations formed the Nigeria-Niger Joint Commission for Cooperation (NNJC), established in March, 1971 with its Permanent Secretariat in Niamey, Niger.
Ecology.
Niger's water supply is almost entirely dependent of cross border sources, while northern Nigeria is almost as dependent on the waters of the Niger River and Lake Chad. Both areas face rapid desertification and increasing demands for water. The two nations are members of the Niger River Authority (successor to the 1964 Niger River Commission), the Lake Chad Commission, and the "Niger-Nigeria Joint Committee" has special focus on water and water development issues. The two nations are signatories of the The Enugu Agreement (3 December 1977) on common regulations for fauna and flora among the member states of the Lake Chad Basin Commission (Cameroon, Niger, Nigeria and Chad). On 15 January 1990 the two nations signed "The Abuja Agreement" on control of desertification, promotion of conservation, rational utilization and development of lands, water resources, flora and fauna. "The Maiduguri Agreement", signed on 18 July 1990, and amended 5 October 1998, further deals with development, conservation, and utilization of the water resources of trans–boundary catchments. The Maiduguri Agreement and Abuja Agreement are overseen by the NNJC.

</doc>
<doc id="20546908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546908" title="Heshmat Taleqani">
Heshmat Taleqani

Dr. Ebrahim Heshmat ol Atebba Talequani (also "Dr. Heshmat-e Taleghani") (Persian: ابراهیم حشمت الاطبا طالقانی) was an Iranian physician and one one of Mirza Kuchak Khan's closest friends and allies during the Jangal movement in the Gilan province of northern Iran. He served in many leading positions during the movement.
In the campaign against the movement initiated by Ahmad Shah's court in 1918–1919, the central government promised amnesty for the "Jangali" leaders who would surrender. Despite Mirza Kuchak Khan's advice, Dr. Heshmat surrendered. In the court he stated that he only wanted to oppose the British forces. The Qajar court reneged its earlier amnesty and condemned Dr. Heshmat to death by hanging. He was hanged in "Ghoroghe Kargozari" in Rasht on May 13th, 1919. Dr. Heshmat himself put the rope around his neck and despite the audience's sympathy for his bravery, his life was not spared. The Jangal movement took off after this temporary defeat and resulted in the formation of the Persian Socialist Soviet Republic. 
Dr. Heshmat was buried at "Chelleh Khaneh" cemetery in Rasht (Ref.) [http://iranmiras.ir/en_site/bldg/Qdisplaybldg.asp?title=Dr.Heshmat%20tomb&serial=6088&page=1&picture=False&map=False&info=False].. After 1979 his statue was erected at the modern day Farhang square in Rasht. Ebrahim Fakhrayi describes in detail a memorable ceremony at his tomb in May 1920 by Mirza Kuchak Khan who was victorious at the time and attended by many people in Rasht.

</doc>
<doc id="20546943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546943" title="Marv Marinovich">
Marv Marinovich

Marv Marinovich (born August 6, 1939) is a retired American football offensive guard and professional sports trainer.
Early years.
Marv Marinovich grew up with his extended family on a three-thousand-acre (12 km²) ranch in Watsonville, in northern California. The area was owned by his Croatian grandfather, J. G. Marinovich, who had supposedly been in the Russian Army and overseen the battlefield amputation of his own arm. Marinovich attended Watsonville High School.
College career.
Marinovich went to Santa Monica College, where the team went undefeated and won the 1958 national junior-college championship. From there he transferred to the University of Southern California. While majoring in art at USC, Marinovich was a two-way lineman and a captain of the USC team that won the 1962 national championship; however, during the 1963 Rose Bowl he was ejected for fighting. Known for his passion, he was named Most Inspirational Player by his teammates. In college he met his wife, Trudi (née Fertig), who was a sorority girl at USC; she dropped out of college after her sophomore year to marry Marinovich.
Pro career.
Marinovich entered professional football during the era of NFL and AFL competitive drafts, and was drafted in the 12th round of the 1962 NFL Draft by the Los Angeles Rams and in the 1962 AFL Draft by the Oakland Raiders. After a disappointing three-year career, where he over-trained himself based on weight and bulk with little time for recovery, Marinovich left to focus on sports training.
Post football.
Marinovich studied Eastern Bloc training methods and was hired by Oakland Raiders owner, Al Davis, as one of the NFL's first strength-and-conditioning coaches. Marinovich learned to focus more on training for speed and flexibility, and much of his work became the basis for modern core- and swimming-pool-based conditioning programs. He later worked for the NFL's St. Louis Cardinals, and then the Hawaiians of the World Football League. He eventually moved his young family in with his in-laws on the Balboa Peninsula of Newport Beach, California. He later opened his own athletic research center, and began applying the techniques to his children, Traci and Todd Marinovich, introducing sport training before they could leave the crib and continuing it throughout childhood and adolescence.
Todd Marinovich became a high school football legend, dominating all records in Orange County and coming to national attention when "Sports Illustrated" published an article, titled "Bred To Be A Superstar", that discussed his unique upbringing under his father who wanted to turn his son into the "perfect quarterback". The article declared Marinovich "America's first test-tube athlete", and mentioned his mother took him to museums, played him classical music and jazz while banning cartoons as too violent and instead viewing films by Alfred Hitchcock. Marv Marinovich had assembled a team of advisers to tutor him on every facet of the game. In a noted passage, the article described that:
Because of his strict upbringing and almost mechanical lifestyle under his father, some nicknamed him the "Robo QB." Todd Marinovich went on to have a solid career at USC, but began to show signs of emotional rebellion against his strict upbringing under his father; by the time he entered the NFL as a first round draft pick, he soon became a major bust due to personal issues. As a result, an ESPN columnist named the elder Marinovich one of history's "worst sports fathers."
In May 2009, Marinovich became the strength and conditioning coach for MMA fighter BJ Penn for his August 8 title defense against Kenny Florian, at UFC 101 in the main event. Penn defeated Florian by a rear naked choke at 3:54 of the 4th round to retain the UFC lightweight title. and then following with another win against Diego Sanchez via 5th round TKO due to a cut.
Marv has also trained hundreds of Elite pro athletes who continue to be strong advocates of Marvs method including Troy Polamalu, Tyson Chandler, Steve Finley, and Jason Giambi.
Family.
Marinovich is the father of Traci Marinovich Grove, Todd Marinovich and Mikhail Marinovich. Todd and Traci's mother is Trudi Marinovich, and Mikhail's mother is Jan Crawford. His brother-in-law is Craig Fertig, who was also a former USC football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20546954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546954" title="James Balog">
James Balog

James Balog (pronounced "BAY-log"; born July 15, 1952) is an American photographer whose work revolves around the relationship between humans and nature. Since the early 1980s Balog has re-defined environmental photography, whether his subject is endangered animals, North America’s old-growth forests, or polar ice. His work aims to combine insights from art and science to produce innovative, dynamic and sometimes shocking interpretations of our changing world.
Balog’s best-known project explores the impact of climate change on the world’s glaciers. In 2007 he initiated the Extreme Ice Survey, the most wide-ranging ground-based photographic glacier study ever conducted. "National Geographic" magazine showcased Balog's ice work in June 2007 and June 2010, and the project is featured in the 2009 NOVA documentary "Extreme Ice" as well as the feature-length film Chasing Ice, which premiered at the Sundance film festival in Utah on January 23, 2012. Balog’s book "Ice: Portraits of the World’s Vanishing Glaciers" (Rizzoli, 2012) summarizes the work of the Extreme Ice Survey through 2012.
Balog has received many awards for his work, including a 2010 Heinz Award, the Aspen Institute's Visual Arts & Design Award, the Rowell Award for the Art of Adventure, the Leica Medal of Excellence, and the International League of Conservation Photographers League Award. He was the North American Nature Photography Association's Outstanding Photographer of the Year in 2008 and "PhotoMedia"’s Person of the Year for 2011. In 1996 he became the first photographer ever commissioned by the U.S. Postal Service to create a full set of stamps. He is the author of seven books, including "Extreme Ice Now: Vanishing Glaciers and Changing Climate: A Progress Report" (2009), "Tree: A New Vision of the American Forest" (2004), and "Survivors: A New Vision of Endangered Wildlife" (1990), hailed as a conceptual breakthrough in nature photography.
Balog is a founding Fellow of the International League of Conservation Photographers and a Sustainability Ambassador for The North Face. He lives in the foothills of the Rockies above Boulder, Colorado, with his wife, Suzanne, and daughters Simone and Emily.
Background.
Balog was born in Danville, Pennsylvania. His interest in nature and fascination with wild places originated in his early childhood in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. While working on his undergraduate degree in communications at Boston College, Balog became an avid adventurer. He made frequent trips to the White Mountains of New Hampshire and the wilderness rivers of Maine, and would later graduate to larger climbing expeditions in the Alps and Himalayas, along with first ascents in Alaska.
As his outdoor adventures evolved, Balog increasingly felt a need to document his experiences. He began carrying a camera on his trips and teaching himself photography along the way. While working on a master’s degree in geomorphology at the University of Colorado, he honed his photography skills during frequent climbing trips.
In order to pursue a more direct, hands-on connection with the natural world, he decided to switch from the numbers-driven world of science to a life in nature photojournalism. He began with a series of documentary photography assignments for magazines such as "Mariah" (the predecessor to "Outside"), "Smithsonian" and "National Geographic", work he continues today. Later, he moved into self-directed projects, many of which would ultimately lead to large-format photography books.
Balog’s work has appeared in "National Geographic, The New Yorker, Life, Vanity Fair, The New York Times Magazine, Smithsonian, Audubon, Outside" and numerous trade publications such as "American Photo, Professional Photographer" and "Photo District News". He was a contributing editor to "National Geographic Adventure". Assignments and personal projects have included documenting the aftermath of the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, the 2004 tsunami that devastated Southeast Asia, Hurricane Katrina’s collision with the U.S. Gulf Coast, and the 2010 Deepwater Horizon Gulf oil disaster.
A major enterprise of Balog’s in recent years has been the Extreme Ice Survey. Since 2007, the project has used time-lapse photography, conventional photography and video to illustrate the effects of global warming on the earth’s glacial ice. Working with a team of scientists, videographers and extreme-weather expedition professionals, Balog and the EIS team installed as many as 43 time-lapse camera systems at a time at 18 glaciers in Greenland, Iceland, Alaska, Canada, the Nepalese Himalaya by Mount Everest, and the Rocky Mountains of the U.S. The cameras shoot year-round, every half hour of daylight. The Extreme Ice Survey team then assembles the images into video animations that demonstrate the dramatic retreat of the glaciers. Collected images are used for scientific evidence and as part of a global outreach campaign aimed at educating the public about the effects of global warming.
Style and inspiration.
Balog’s work has primarily evolved as a combination of art, science and environmental documentary. Today, he views his imagery as exploring the “contact zone” between man and nature. David Holbrooke’s 2006 documentary film "A Redwood Grows in Brooklyn" explores his thoughts about art, nature and perception.
“I’ve basically devoted my career to looking at the relationship between humans and nature,” said Balog in an interview with "Photo District News". “I want to do what I can to shift human understanding of who we are and what we are and how we should relate to all the rest of what’s on this planet. I want to crack through the veneer of the illusions that surround us and see inside reality more purely than you normally get to see. That’s the real witchcraft and voodoo of this artistic process we’re in. I hope that the work helps people to think and see differently—and ultimately, we can only hope, behave differently.”
Balog views photography as a form of visual evidence that carries tremendous potential for influencing people’s perception of the world around them. “I’ve believed for a long time that photographers are like the antennae of civilization,” he said in a "Professional Photographer" magazine article. “We are an integral part of the sensing mechanism of the human animal. We are out there feeling in the darkness, trying to see what’s around us and reveal what hasn’t been revealed before. Not all photographers work that way, but to me that’s one of the central elements of photography. I would like to think that passionate, involved photographers would be looking at the world and trying their hardest to speak about the important things that are going on today.”
Among his many artistic influences Balog counts Irving Penn, Richard Avedon, Carleton Watkins, William Henry Jackson, Edward Weston, Robert Adams, Eliot Porter, Eugene Smith and Cornell Capa. Outside of photography, he draws inspiration from the entire range of arts, including music, literature, painting, filmmaking, sculpture and architecture.
Balog’s artistic style varies between very clean, simple representations of his subjects and more impressionistic interpretations that illustrate his unconscious feelings about a scene. He tends to alter his treatments and techniques based on emotional responses to a subject and the circumstances surrounding his shooting.
Early in his career, Balog concentrated on man’s direct impact on nature, producing among other things a series on nuclear missile silos in the agrarian landscapes of the American West. In his first book project, "Wildlife Requiem", Balog examined the phenomenon of people killing animals for sport. Published in 1984, "Wildlife Requiem" shocked the photography establishment with its brutally graphic images.
“In a lot of my work I’m trying to make a commentary about humans encroaching on nature through their presence,” Balog told "Photo District News". “But I’m not so naïve as to think that my own presence is not an impact on the animals and plants and landscapes that I happen to enter. What I can do as a photographer, hopefully, is to help everybody else see their impact in a way that maybe they hadn’t before.”
Notable projects.
Extreme Ice Survey. The Extreme Ice Survey (EIS) tells the story of a planet in flux. With innovative methodology that combines time-lapse imagery with cutting-edge science, EIS is the world's most extensive ground-based photographic glacier study to date. Nearly a million time-lapse frames reveal the extraordinary retreat of glaciers and ice sheets due to climate change, providing scientists with vital insights on glacier dynamics. As of January 2012, 27 cameras are shooting at 18 glaciers in Greenland, Iceland, Alaska, Canada, the Nepalese Himalaya by Mount Everest, and the Rocky Mountains of the U.S.; previously, as many as 43 cameras have been in the field at once. The cameras shoot year-round, every half hour of daylight. EIS supplements the time-lapse record by occasionally repeating shots at fixed locations in Iceland, Bolivia, the Canadian province of British Columbia and the French and Swiss Alps.
A feature-length film, PBS documentary, "National Geographic" book, National Public Radio and numerous magazines and newspapers have featured the EIS team. In addition, EIS spreads the word of climate change and shrinking glaciers through public talks, a touring exhibition and displays in public venues, including Denver International Airport. EIS has appeared before Congress and in multimedia presentations at science and policy conferences around the world.
ANIMA series. Seeking to challenge humankind’s ancient cultural perception about its place in the world, Balog paired chimpanzees with a diverse range of humans and photographed a series of provocative portraits. The conceptual artwork draws on insights from a variety of fields, including visual arts, environmental philosophy and Jungian psychology. ANIMA asks readers to imagine a healthier, more integrated relationship between humans and nature.
Holga series. Starting in 1997 and continuing intermittently through the present day, Balog has continued a series of photographs made with a Holga camera. Holgas are inexpensive, medium-format 120 film toy cameras that are made in China and appreciated for a low-fidelity aesthetic. Balog enjoys working with the imperfections in the exposures, such as vignetting and blur, and makes it part of the finished “look.” makes them part of the pieces. He actually wants the camera to produce little defects that will inspire new creative revelations.
Survivors series. Balog endeavored to change people’s perception of endangered wildlife by altering the context in which the animals were viewed. To accomplish this, he shunned the obvious approach of capturing his subjects in nature with a telephoto lens and instead photographed the animals in non-natural settings, often against white backdrops, to emphasize their vulnerability.
Techno Sapiens series. Balog explored the concept of "Homo sapiens" becoming increasingly dependent on technology in his series “Techno Sapiens”. The portfolio includes images that range from techno-fashion portraits to photographs depicting people's techno-habitats. Balog used a variety of techniques to create images that illustrate the changing features of human nature, as well as humankind's increasing detachment from the natural world. The duality of the pictures, a tension between beauty and horror, mimics the ambivalence most people feel for technology.
Tree series. For the Tree series, Balog wanted to photograph some of world’s tallest trees in their full grandeur, but he realized that his subjects were far too large to capture in a single frame. He devised a multi-frame approach of photographing the trees from the top down. The method was inspired by some of the lunar landing pictures from the NASA missions during the 1960s. Balog climbed each tree, and then meticulously photographed it in sections as he rappelled downward. Later, he created digital mosaics by stitching the images together using computer imaging software. Some images required up to four days of shooting, plus as many as six weeks of computer work to assemble the final composition. The tree images eventually became a 2004 book, "Tree: A New Vision of the American Forest".
Distinguished presentations.
As director of the Extreme Ice Survey, Balog has presented its multimedia story to policymakers around the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="20546958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546958" title="Khudabadi Sindhi Swarankar">
Khudabadi Sindhi Swarankar

The Khudabadi Sindhi Swarankar (alternately Khudabadi Sonara Community) is a Sindhi community historically associated with the cities of Khudabad and Hyderabad, Sindh. They are alternatively known as the Sonara community (from Sunar, meaning goldsmith) that is affiliated to the Lohana caste.
History.
Independence of India and Partition.
Following India's independence from British rule on 15 August 1947, Sindh became a part of the new nation of Pakistan. This partition was accompanied by sectarian violence in both Hindu-majority India and Muslim-majority Pakistan. Sindhi Hindus found themselves discriminated against, and were unable to divest their properties due to their being declared Intended Evacuees by the Pakistani government, which planned to resettle them in India. The Sonaran goldsmiths were further troubled by legislation stating that no jewelry pawned by Muslim Pakistanis could be taken from Pakistan during the official evacuation of Hindu migrants.
Sonaras living on the Indian side of the Partition supported the emigrants during the partition, employing Association funds. Due to the large number of Sonarans living overseas, considerable funds were raised to assist Sonarans leaving Pakistan, and it is estimated that only 10% of Sonaran families were forced to stay in refugee camps following the move. Jhamandas F. Purswani and Tikamdas B. Purswani acquired from Dept. of Custodium-Evacuees Properties a building 'Navab Ki Haveli' in Vidhyadar Ka Rasta, Jaipur and shifted there all those community families from the refugees camps and widows living in Jaipur. They also constructed a Panchayati Hall for community and social activities and a temple of Goddess Durga, in the 'Navab Ki Haveli' with the funds remitted by the overseas Sonaran. Sonarans were further aided by the presence of Sonarans within the Rehabilitation Office who aided them in getting refugee and ration cards. With this community support, the Sonaran refugees quickly established themselves as merchants of cloth and sundry goods, and in their traditional occupation as goldsmiths.
Following the 1962 Gold Control Act, only a few goldsmiths could get a license to own gold, and only in small quantities. As a result the members of Khudabadi Sonara community, who were dependent on their traditional occupation of making gold ornaments, suffered serious financial harm.

</doc>
<doc id="20546962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546962" title="Tibet Medal">
Tibet Medal

The Tibet Medal was awarded in 1905 for services in Tibet during the Gyantse campaign to members of the Tibet Mission and accompanying troops who served at or beyond Silgari from 13 December 1903 to 23 September 1904. 
The obverse of the medal bears the head of King Edward VII while the reverse depicts the Potala (winter palace of the Dalai Lamas) in Lhasa on top of the red hill with the words 'TIBET 1903-04' below. The suspender is of the swivelling ornate scroll type.
Most issues of this medal went to Indian troops who along with British personnel were awarded this medal in silver. Camp followers received the medal in bronze.
See also.
British expedition to Tibet

</doc>
<doc id="20546983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546983" title="Elmer A. Stevens">
Elmer A. Stevens

Elmer A. Stevens (January 15, 1862 – 1934) was an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives the Massachusetts State Senate, and as the Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20546995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20546995" title="The Butterflies of Zagorsk">
The Butterflies of Zagorsk

The Butterflies of Zagorsk was a documentary produced by the BBC, narrated by Michael Dean, and first broadcast in the United Kingdom in 1990. It tells the story of the remarkable teaching methods for children at the deaf-blind school in Zagorsk, 40 miles north of Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20547006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547006" title="Croftnacreich">
Croftnacreich

Croftnacreich is a hamlet on the Black Isle, in Ross and Cromarty in the Highland council area of Scotland. It is 1 mile north-west of North Kessock, next to the A9 road and close to the village of Artafallie.

</doc>
<doc id="20547017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547017" title="Somethin' Nasty">
Somethin' Nasty

"Somethin' Nasty" is the seventh album released by Luke. It was released on March 13, 2001 on Luke Records through Koch Records' short-lived independent label distribution unit, KELA (Koch Entertainment Label Alliance) and featured production by Luke's former 2 Live Crew bandmate, Mr. Mixx, Luke and Daz Dillinger. The album found minor success, peaking at #149 on the Billboard 200, #36 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #6 on the Top Independent Albums.

</doc>
