<doc id="20567981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20567981" title="Hindu Vivek Kendra">
Hindu Vivek Kendra

Hindu Vivek Kendra (HVK) is a scholarly branch of the Hindutva movement. They are part of an alliance called Sangh Parivar, based on the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). Other alliance members include: Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP); Bajrang Dal; and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which governed India from 1998 until 2004. Robert Frykenberg, emeritus professor of history and south Asian studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, notes that Hinduvta is seen as Hindu "fundamentalism" by the press and the public. HVK describe this public perception at their official website, and state their own aim is to respond by giving "the theoretical basis of the Hindutva movement due publicity." HVK have an office in Mumbai.
Activities.
HVK state their five main activities are the following.

</doc>
<doc id="20567990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20567990" title="Cereno Upham Jones">
Cereno Upham Jones

Cereno Upham Jones (1767 – 1851) was a farmer, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1816 to 1818.
He was born in Annapolis County, Nova Scotia, the son of Elisha Jones. He was elected to the provincial assembly in an 1816 by-election held after Peleg Wiswall was named a judge. After completing his term in the assembly, Jones served as a justice of the peace and an associate judge in the county's Court of Common Pleas. He died at Weymouth.
His daughter Eliza married Samuel Campbell, who also served in the provincial assembly. His great grandson Herbert Ladd Jones was elected to the Canadian House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="20568006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568006" title="Christ Episcopal Church (Chaptico, Maryland)">
Christ Episcopal Church (Chaptico, Maryland)

Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Chaptico, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It was constructed in 1736 of Flemish bond brick construction with glazed headers, 60 feet long and 40 feet wide, with an original semicircular brick apse. In 1913, a three-story brick tower with octagonal belfry and spire was added to the west end of the church. The building was constructed under the supervision of Philip Key, vestryman, who was the grandfather of Francis Scott Key. The building was heavily damaged on July 30, 1814, during the War of 1812, when an admiral of the British fleet came ashore and took possession of the village of Chaptico. Surrounding the church is a cemetery with 18th, 19th, and 20th century markers, including a vault for the Key family. Christ Church Parish was one of the original 30 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland.
Christ Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20568021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568021" title="National Research Development Corporation">
National Research Development Corporation

The National Research Development Corporation (NRDC) was a non-departmental government body established by the British Government to transfer technology from the public sector to the private sector.
History.
The NRDC was established by Attlee's Labour government in 1948 to meet a perceived need at the time to exploit the many products that had been developed during World War II by the Defence Research Establishments. The first managing director was Lord Giffard.
The NRDC was established in India in 1953 to help develop and promote technologies developed at various national R&D institutions.
The first commercial size hovercraft, the SR-N1, was built under a contract let by the NRDC to Saunders-Roe in 1958.
In 1981, the NRDC was combined with the National Enterprise Board ('NEB') to form the British Technology Group ('BTG').
Operations.
Typically the NRDC would patent the product for commercial exploitation and earn royalties as private sector companies generated sales from those products.
Examples of such products include carbon fibre, asbestos-plastic composites and developments in semi-conductor technology.
The development of the hovercraft would also not have taken place without the involvement of the NRDC.

</doc>
<doc id="20568023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568023" title="1929 Giro d'Italia">
1929 Giro d'Italia

The 1929 Giro d'Italia was the 17th edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport". The race began on 19 May in Rome with a stage that stretched to Naples, finishing in Milan on 9 June after a stage and a total distance covered of . The race was won by the Alfredo Binda of the Legnano team. Second and third respectively were the Italian riders Domenico Piemontesi and Leonida Frascarelli.
Final standings.
General classification.
There were 99 cyclists who had completed all fourteen stages. For these cyclists, the times they had needed in each stage was added up for the general classification. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="20568027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568027" title="Hannes Germann">
Hannes Germann

Hannes Germann (born July 1, 1956) is a Swiss politician and current member of the Swiss Council of States for the Canton of Schaffhausen. Elected to the council in 2002, he is a member of the Swiss People's Party (SVP/UDC).

</doc>
<doc id="20568030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568030" title="Denise Christensen">
Denise Christensen

Denise Christensen is a diver from Tucson, Arizona, United States. She won a gold medal in "springboard diving" at the 1979 Pan American Games in San Juan. 
In 1980 she became AIAW diving champion in springboard, and in 1982 she won the AIAW team championship with the Texas Longhorns.

</doc>
<doc id="20568031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568031" title="Charlotte Carmichael Stopes">
Charlotte Carmichael Stopes

Charlotte Carmichael Stopes (1840–1929) was a British scholar, author, and campaigner for women's rights. She also published several books relating to the life and work of William Shakespeare. Her most successful publication was "British Freewomen: Their Historical Privilege" (published 1894), a book which influenced and inspired the early twentieth century British women's suffrage movement. She married Henry Stopes, a palaeontologist, brewer and engineer. They produced two daughters, the eldest of whom was Marie Stopes, birth control advocate.
Early life.
Charlotte Stopes was born in Edinburgh on 5 February 1840 to Christine Brown Graham Carmichael and James Ferrier Carmichael, a landscape painter, who died of tuberculosis when Stopes was fourteen. She had the desire to become a writer, devising stories for her brothers and sisters when she was a child and at twenty-one publishing a collection, "Alice Errol and Other Tales". On completing the only schooling a young woman could then receive, she took posts as a governess, one of the few careers available to her, throughout the 1860s and early 1870s.
University education.
In 1865 Sarah Mair founded the Ladies' Edinburgh Debating Society, which published a regular writing journal, "The Attempt". Charlotte Carmichael had become a member by 1866 and published sundry pieces in "The Attempt". In a meeting of the society in 1867 Mary Crudelius presented her initiative of creating classes for women at a university level under the auspices of the Edinburgh Ladies' Educational Association. Charlotte Carmichael was present at the meeting. She pledged her willingness to attend such classes and guaranteed another twelve interested persons. The first classes began in 1868, taught by Professor David Masson, Professor of English Literature at Edinburgh University, ‘at a time when the University was not open to women and courses were given to them privately by the male Professors’. Although women were not permitted to take a degree, she achieved the highest certificate then available to a female student, in subjects as diverse as literature, philosophy and science, achieving first class honours. In fact, she "was the first woman in Scotland to gain a Certificate of Arts". She used her education for the advancement of women and pursued scholarly interests in English Renaissance, particularly Shakespearean, literary history.
In 1876 Stopes went to Glasgow to help the movement for women's higher education in that city. The trip coincided with a meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, which she attended, beginning her long connection with the association. It was at the Glasgow meeting that she met Henry Stopes, who, despite his being eleven years the younger, she would marry three years later.
Upper Norwood.
After they were married on 3 June 1879, the Stopeses went on a honeymoon across Europe and the Near East, eventually visiting Egypt, before returning to Britain. Charlotte Stopes went to Edinburgh where her first daughter, Marie, was born in 1880. After reaching her husband in Colchester, his family home, they moved to London, where he had an active business. They settled in Upper Norwood on the southern outskirts of the city, where her second daughter, Winnie, was born in 1884. Henry, being very busy with business, left Charlotte alone in their new house, where she was isolated from the sorts of intellectual life she had been used to. Her response was to organize meetings and classes, including a reading group, a logic workshop and a group focused on issues relating to women's emancipation.
Stopes became keenly interested in the Victorian dress reform and the need for comfortable clothes for women. She was a member of the "Rational Dress Society" and her activity in 1888-1889 brought her to note as a feminist. At the British Association meeting in Newcastle upon Tyne in 1889, Stopes stunned the proceedings by organizing an impromptu session, where she introduced rational dress to a wide audience, her speech being noted in newspapers across Britain.
Stopes remained in Norwood until her husband's bankruptcy in 1892, when they were forced to sell the house. To escape the disaster, she took her daughters to Edinburgh, where she enrolled them at the newly formed girls' school, St George's School, Edinburgh. She also attempted to gain a retrospective degree, denied to her at the time of her studies, but she needed a further two courses not included in her certificate. These courses however clashed, so she could not do them in a single year and she abandoned the attempt, returning to London to take up lodgings in Torrington Square close to the British Museum, where she was able to better follow her Shakespearean research.
Feminist scholarship and activism.
C.C. Stopes' study of British women’s history proved to be the most popular and influential of her numerous publications. "British Freewomen: Their Historical Privilege" was published by Swann Soennenshein in 1894. It ran to several editions and was a key reference point for the British female suffrage movement. Interestingly, Helen Blackburn, who had supplied Stopes with notes from her own research to help the enterprise, purchased the whole first edition, many copies of which were sent copies to members of the House of Commons. As Laura E Nym Mayall observes that "British Freewomen" was ‘perhaps the single most influential text in casting women’s struggle for the vote within the radical narrative of loss, resistance and recovery’ since Stopes’ arguments, as outlined in successive editions of "British Freewomen", were frequently cited by ‘suffragists of all stripes in making the case for women’s suffrage in print, before crowds, and in the courtroom’. Stopes was a member of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. She wrote pamphlets and spoke publicly in campaigns for women’s rights.
Shakespearean scholarship.
Her first book was "The Bacon/Shakespeare Question", published in 1888: refuting the popular speculation that Francis Bacon was the actual author of Shakespeare's plays. This was the first of several works of scholarship concerning Shakespeare and literature of his period. Her books in the field included "Shakespeare’s Family" (1901), "Shakespeare’s Warwickshire Contemporaries" (1907), "William Hunnis and the Revels" (1910), "Burbage and Shakespeare’s Stage" (1913), "The Seventeenth-Century Accounts of the Masters of the Revels" (1922) and many published notes and articles. Stopes received an award from the British Academy in 1916 for her Shakespearian research, thirteen years before her death in February 1929.
According to Boas, on the day after Stopes died, "The Times" published the following comment:
Later life.
For much of her later life Stopes had financial difficulties after her husband's bankruptcy (1892) and untimely death (1902). Though daughter Marie became independent when she won a scholarship and later was given a university position, Stopes still had a younger daughter, Winnie, to care for. Her financial difficulties were partly alleviated at the end of 1903 when she was awarded a government pension of £50 a year "in consideration of her literary work, especially in connection with the Elizabethan period". She was awarded another grant in 1907 by the Carnegie Trust, this time for £75 a year.
As a Shakespearean scholar her recognition continued to increase and in 1912 she was elected as an honorary member of the Royal Society of Literature. In 1914 she became the founding member of a new "Shakespeare Association" which promoted Shakespearean scholarship through functions and lectures until 1922.
Charlotte Stopes died on 6 February 1929 in Worthing, Sussex at the age of 89, from bronchitis and cerebral thrombosis, and was buried at Highgate, Middlesex.
Works by Charlotte Carmichael Stopes.
Stopes' papers.
Some of Stopes' research notes and correspondence are deposited at the University College London in a collection entitled MS ADD 157.

</doc>
<doc id="20568038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568038" title="St Andrews Catholic College">
St Andrews Catholic College

St Andrew's is a Catholic co-educational school, currently enrolling 1500 students from Prep to Year 12. The College opened in 2001, commencing with Pre-school to Year 4. The buildings have been designed to enhance the natural environment of the campus. They have been grouped on the design plans to provide for the needs of Junior Years (Preschool to Year 5), Middle Years(Years 6 to 9) and Senior Years(Years 10 to 12) sectors. [http://www2.standrewscc.qld.edu.au/about_us/about_the_college.php]

</doc>
<doc id="20568043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568043" title="St. Andrew's Church (Leonardtown, Maryland)">
St. Andrew's Church (Leonardtown, Maryland)

St. Andrew's Church is a historic church located at 44078 St. Andrew's Church Road, California near Leonardtown, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It was built in 1766 to serve as the parish church of St. Andrew's Parish, which had been established in 1744. It is a rectangular brick box church laid in Flemish bond with a gable roof and round-arched windows trimmed with brick segmental arches. At two corners stand two-story square brick towers with a diminutive spire. Richard Boulton designed the church in 1766, who was also responsible for the outstanding carving and ornamentation at Sotterley. George Plater (1735-1792) was an active churchman who served twenty-eight years as a vestryman.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20568057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568057" title="Ludvík Klíma">
Ludvík Klíma

Ludvík Klíma (June 27, 1912 - May 19, 1973) was a Czechoslovak sprint canoer who competed in the late 1930s and late 1940s. He won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1948 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in London.
Klíma also competed in two Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of fifth in the folding K-2 10000 m event at Berlin in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20568066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568066" title="Adaptive differential pulse-code modulation">
Adaptive differential pulse-code modulation

Adaptive differential pulse-code modulation (ADPCM) is a variant of differential pulse-code modulation (DPCM) that varies the size of the quantization step, to allow further reduction of the required bandwidth for a given signal-to-noise ratio.
Typically, the adaptation to signal statistics in ADPCM consists simply of an adaptive scale factor before quantizing the difference in the DPCM encoder.
ADPCM was developed in the early 1970s at Bell Labs for voice coding, by P. Cummiskey, N. S. Jayant, and James L. Flanagan.
In telephony.
In telephony, a standard audio signal for a single phone call is encoded as 8000 analog samples per second, of 8 bits each, giving a 64 kbit/s digital signal known as DS0. The default signal compression encoding on a DS0 is either μ-law (mu-law) PCM (North America and Japan) or A-law PCM (Europe and most of the rest of the world). These are logarithmic compression systems where a 13 or 14 bit linear PCM sample number is mapped into an 8 bit value. This system is described by international standard G.711. Where circuit costs are high and loss of voice quality is acceptable, it sometimes makes sense to compress the voice signal even further. An ADPCM algorithm is used to map a series of 8 bit µ-law (or a-law) PCM samples into a series of 4 bit ADPCM samples. In this way, the capacity of the line is doubled. The technique is detailed in the G.726 standard.
Some ADPCM techniques are used in Voice over IP communications. ADPCM was also used by Interactive Multimedia Association for development of legacy audio codec known as ADPCM DVI, IMA ADPCM or DVI4, in the early 1990s.
Split-band or subband ADPCM.
G.722 is an ITU-T standard wideband speech codec operating at 48, 56 and 64 kbit/s, based on subband coding with two channels and ADPCM coding of each. Before the digitization process, it catches the analog signal and divides it in frequency bands with QMF filters (quadrature mirror filters) to get two subbands of the signal. When the ADPCM bitstream of each subband is obtained, the results are multiplexed and the next step is storage or transmission of the data. The decoder has to perform the reverse process, that is, demultiplex and decode each subband of the bitstream and recombine them.
Referring to the coding process, in some applications as voice coding, the subband that includes the voice is coded with more bits than the others. It is a way to reduce the file size.
Software.
The Windows Sound System supported ADPCM in codice_1 files. The corresponding FFmpeg audio codecs are adpcm-ms and adpcm-ima-wav.

</doc>
<doc id="20568070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568070" title="St. George's Episcopal Church (Valley Lee, Maryland)">
St. George's Episcopal Church (Valley Lee, Maryland)

St. George's Episcopal Church is an historic church located at 44965 Blake Creek Road, in Valley Lee, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It was built in 1799 on the same site as three other, earlier churches. It is a one-story, five bay, rectangular, gable-front, Flemish bond brick structure. The interior has been restored to its 1884 appearance. The church is surrounded by a graveyard, enclosed by a low brick wall. It is generally believed that St. George's is the site of the oldest Anglican church in Maryland whose parish is still in existence. William and Mary Parish, as it was originally known, was one of the original 30 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland.
The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20568085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568085" title="Dennis McCarthy (scientist)">
Dennis McCarthy (scientist)

Dr. Dennis D. McCarthy is a former Director of Time at the United States Naval Observatory. Dr. McCarthy also works for the International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service. 

</doc>
<doc id="20568092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568092" title="Woodheys Primary School">
Woodheys Primary School

Woodheys Primary School is a Primary School and Nursery in Sale, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom. 
Awards and Sustainable Energy Use.
The school is an Eco School and were presented the Ashden Award for Sustainable Schools 2007 by Al Gore for whole-school commitment to practical energy saving. They received £15,000 - which was spent on a J.P. Joule Positive Energy Garden, with a Labyrinth, made out of Box Hedging 
They have received the David Bellamy Conservation Award for Environmental Cleanliness 2005, with £8,000 which was spent on a new wildlife garden, with a Pond, insect hotel and a Hedgehog 'house'. 
They have a Solar PV Array on the roof of the main building, which generates electricity for the school in the summer.
Twin Schools.
The school is twinned to Gordon Road Girls' School and Vumokuhle School in Durban, South Africa with the Afritwin link. The schools contact with each other using Skype. 
Woodheys has been setting up links with Mary E. Piggot Primary School in Antigua and Barbuda. 

</doc>
<doc id="20568098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568098" title="New Caledonian legislative election, 2009">
New Caledonian legislative election, 2009

Parliamentary elections were held in New Caledonia on 10 May 2009. Voters in New Caledonia chose 76 candidates for the French territory's three provincial assemblies. Fifty-four of these 76 members were also to become members of the Congress of New Caledonia. Members of the Congress of New Caledonia serve 5-year terms in office upon their election.
The Labour Party, which had been founded in 2007 as the political arm of the pro-independence Union of Kanaky Workers and the Exploited ("Union syndicale des travailleurs kanaks et des exploités", USTKE), contested the elections for the first time and hoped to gain 12,000 votes and a seat. Due to splits in the two main parties of the anti-independence front, the Rally for Caledonia in the Republic and Future Together (from which Caledonia Together split off in October 2008), the main pro-independence party, Kanak Socialist National Liberation Front, hoped to become the largest party in these elections.
Election issues.
The new territorial Congress will have to decide how to implement the autonomy provisions of the Noumea Accord of 1998. Apart from the island's political future, the economy and New Caledonia's high cost of living were the main issue in the election campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20568107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568107" title="The Book of Negroes">
The Book of Negroes

The Book of Negroes is a 2007 award-winning novel from Canadian writer Lawrence Hill. In the United States, Australia and New Zealand, the novel was published under the title Someone Knows My Name.
Title.
The author has written about the title: 
"I used "The Book of Negroes" as the title for my novel, in Canada, because it derives from a historical document of the same name kept by British naval officers at the tail end of the American Revolutionary War. It documents the 3,000 blacks who had served the King in the war and were fleeing Manhattan for Canada in 1783. Unless you were in "The Book of Negroes", you couldn't escape to Canada. My character, an African woman named Aminata Diallo whose story is based on this history, has to get into the book before she gets out.
In my country, few people have complained to me about the title, and nobody continues to do so after I explain its historical origins. I think it's partly because the word 'Negro' resonates differently in Canada. If you use it in Toronto or Montreal, you are probably just indicating publicly that you are out of touch with how people speak these days. But if you use it in Brooklyn or Boston, you are asking to have your nose broken. When I began touring with the novel in some of the major US cities, literary African-Americans kept approaching me and telling me it was a good thing indeed that the title had changed, because they would never have touched the book with its Canadian title."
Plot summary.
Aminata Diallo, the daughter of a jeweller and a midwife, is kidnapped at the age of 11 from her village Bayo, near Segu in West Africa and forced to walk for days to the sea in a coffle with hundreds of strangers and a handful of people from her village. After several horrific months of voyage across the Atlantic Ocean she arrives in South Carolina where she begins a new life as a slave and her name is anglicized to Meena Dee. Because of her youth and intelligence she quickly learns English. A fellow slave named Mamed secretly teaches her to read and write after learning that she is Muslim, a religion she shares with his now-deceased African mother.
As a teenager Aminata privately marries Chekura, a young boy who made the crossing with her when she was sold into slavery. The two conceive a child whom Aminata names Mamadu, after her father, but the child is sold and eventually Aminata is too, to a Jewish man named Solomon Lindo who moves her to Charles Town. During the following 13 years she is only able to see Chekura once. 
Aminata grows close to Lindo and his wife, who allow her to read and write openly. However Solomon also forces Aminata to pay him a part of any money that she earns through midwifery. After his wife dies of the pox Lindo takes Aminata to New York.
During the rioting at the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War Aminata is able to escape from Lindo. During this time Aminata works as a midwife and teacher, helping other black people to learn how to read. Proving that she served the British in the American Revolutionary War her name is entered in the historic "Book of Negroes" an actual historical document that is an archive of freed African American slaves who requested permission to leave the United States in order to resettle in Nova Scotia. Because of her ability to read and write as well as her fluency in two African dialects, Aminata is also hired to help record names in the book. While doing this work she is reunited for a few months with Chekura, who also served the British and plans to resettle in Nova Scotia with Aminata. They conceive a second child, but are separated again just before they depart for Nova Scotia. 
In Nova Scotia, Aminata arrives in Shelburne and begins to work in the black community of Birchtown. She tries multiple times to locate her husband, who was sent ahead of her to Annapolis Royal, but is unable to encounter any news of him. She eventually gives birth to a daughter she names May. When May is a toddler a series of riots break out during which Birchtown is attacked and black men and women are lynched. After leaving May in the company of a white family for a few days in order to ensure her safety, Aminata returns to find that the Witherspoons have departed taking her child with her. Although Aminata is able to learn that the Witherspoons departed for Boston she is unable to find any further trace of her daughter. 
Years later Aminata encounters John Clarkson, a young British naval officer recruiting black settlers to move from Nova Scotia to Sierra Leone. Through Clarkson Aminata learns that the ship carrying her husband to Nova Scotia was lost at sea. Knowing that her husband is dead and her daughter is lost to her, Aminata decides to join the settlers in relocating to Sierra Leone.
Aminata eventually returns to Africa, along with over a thousand of other black Birchtown, Nova Scotia loyalists, passing ships carrying thousands of slaves bound for America. In Sierra Leone, they attempt to establish Freetown despite the strict rules of the British. Longing to return to her village in the interior of Africa, Aminata pays a slave trader to take her there. When she discovers she cannot trust him, she realizes that what is more important than returning home is to help free her people. As an old woman, she finds herself crossing the ocean one more time to England to present the account of her life so it may help abolish the slave trade. She is eventually reunited with her nearly twenty year old daughter, who cares for her until her dying day.
Awards and recognition.
"The Book of Negroes" won the 2007 Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize and the 2008 Commonwealth Writers' Prize. It was the winning selection for CBC Radio's "Canada Reads" 2009, in which journalist Avi Lewis championed the novel. Its French translation, titled "Aminata", was defended by Thomas Hellman in the 2013 edition of "Le Combat des livres", and won that competition as well, becoming the only title to date to have won both the English and French editions of the competition.
Miniseries Adaptation.
In 2007, Canadian production company Conquering Lion Pictures announced it had acquired the film rights to the novel. In mid-2013 it was announced that the novel would be adapted into a miniseries of the same name, rather than the feature film originally planned.
Clement Virgo and Hill will collaborate on writing the forthcoming miniseries, with Virgo also to direct. It will air on the CBC in Canada and BET in the United States. 
The mini-series stars Aunjanue Ellis, Lyriq Bent, Cuba Gooding Jr, Lou Gossett Jr., Ben Chaplin and Allan Hawco. 
The international co-production began shooting in February 2014 in Cape Town, South Africa. Filming will also take place in various locations around Nova Scotia, Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="20568123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568123" title="St. Ignatius Roman Catholic Church (St. Inigoes, Maryland)">
St. Ignatius Roman Catholic Church (St. Inigoes, Maryland)

St. Ignatius Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located at St. Inigoes, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It and its adjacent cemetery are situated on about two acres of land that are enclosed within a late-19th century iron fence. The church was constructed between 1785 and 1787, with the sacristy added in 1817. The church walls are 21 inches thick, of brick laid in Flemish bond. Atop the roof is a small wooden belfry that in 1933 replaced a larger one in this same location.
It is a direct descendant of Maryland's first Roman Catholic Chapel at St. Mary's City, whose communicants formed the nucleus of American Catholicism.
St. Ignatius Roman Catholic Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20568124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568124" title="Paiyaa">
Paiyaa

Paiyaa () is a 2010 Indian Tamil romantic action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy. It stars Karthi and Tamannaah, with Milind Soman, Sonia Deepti and Jagan appearing in supporting roles. The film follows the journey of two strangers – a jobless carefree man, living in Bangalore, and a woman with whom he has fallen in love. Upon the woman's request, he drives her to Mumbai, while a group of gangsters follow them, planning to kidnap the woman. Meanwhile, the man also has a past in the city and he goes there to sort it out.
The film, produced by N. Subash Chandra Bose under the banner of Thirupathi Brothers and distributed by Dhayanidhi Alagiri's Cloud Nine Movies, features a film score and soundtrack composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, cinematography by Madhi and editing by Anthony Gonsalves. Following a lengthy pre-production phase, during which the film underwent major changes in its main cast and its technical crew, it began shooting in December 2008 at various locations throughout South India, most notably in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. The film was released on 2 April 2010 to predominantly positive reviews and was commercially successful. A Telugu dubbed version of the film titled "Awara" was released on 21 May in Andhra Pradesh and also received positive response and it was also dubbed in Hindi as "Aakhri Baazi". "Paiyaa" was remade in Bengali in 2012 as "Jaaneman", starring Soham Chakraborty and Koel Mallick. It is being remade into Kannada as "Ajith", with Chiranjeevi Sarja playing the male lead.
Plot.
Shiva (Karthi) is a young, carefree, unemployed man staying in Bangalore. He has a loyal group of friends including his best friend, a young woman named Priya (Sonia Deepti) with whom he shares his feelings. His friends are determined to get him a job. One day he sees a young, beautiful woman named Charulatha (Tamannaah), who is also looking for a job. Shiva is immediately attracted to her. He subsequently spots Charulatha on various occasions and follows her, but loses sight of her each time. He even misses a job interview Priya has arranged for him.
Later, as Shiva waits at the railway station to pick up a friend and owner of the Mitsubishi Lancer Shiva and his friends use, he is confronted by a tense Charulatha, accompanied by her uncle. They assume that Shiva is a cab driver and ask him to take them to Chennai. An excited Shiva accepts the offer and takes them. While stopping to refuel the car, Charulatha suddenly requests Shiva to drive on, leaving her uncle behind; Shiva does as she wishes and takes off. She first asks Shiva to drop her at the airport but she misses the flight and later at a railway station, she is unable to go by train,so she asks Shiva if he will take her to Mumbai by car.
Shiva instantly agrees and drives her to Mumbai. Shiva tries to get into a conversation with Charulatha. She initially refuses to talk, but eventually gives in and tells him about her background. It comes to light that Charulatha's mother, who had always supported her daughter, died after a violent altercation with her father; since then her father has tried to force Charulatha to marry an unknown man of his choice. Not willing to bow to her father's wishes, she had escaped from home, but was later found by her father's business partner, Jayaraman, her supposed uncle. He was about to take her to register the marriage arranged by her father when Charulatha tried to escape, leaving him behind at the filling station. Now she wants to head to Mumbai to stay at her grandmother's home.
However, she is being followed by a gang, led by a furious Telugu-speaking lady. Shiva manages to lose the pursuers and decides to change the route in order to avoid the gang, but encounters a second gang. He realizes that this gang is not following Charulatha, but himself, as they are the henchmen of a Mumbai-based gangster Baali (Milind Soman). He recalls an incident that happened some years ago in Mumbai, when he stayed there at his friend Poochi's (Jagan) house. He had beaten one of Baali's men, who had attacked him, and later Baali himself, not knowing about him and his reputation in the city, and returned to Bangalore. Both gangs are following the couple to achieve their own ends. After reaching Mumbai and experiencing a series of events, they end up at Poochi's house. Poochi finds out where the grandmother lives and Shiva brings Charulatha there. Shiva, unable to bear the thought that the journey is complete, leaves silently only to find Charulatha on the road. After hesitating, she reveals that her relatives had spoken ill about her parents, which prompted her leave, not wanting to push the matter further. While in a state of doubt, they are attacked by Baali's gang, who have teamed up with Jayaraman.
Shiva saves Charulatha from the clutches of the goons by single-handedly overpowering them. While on their way back to Bangalore, his friends arrive. Priya, whom Shiva has called often, tells Charulatha of his feelings for her. Charulatha reciprocates Shiva's love, as she too has fallen for him during the journey, thus both unite.
Production.
Development.
In September 2007, while working on "Bheema", a film starring Vikram, Linguswamy announced that Karthi would star in his next venture to be launched in January 2008. He said that he had written a story "suitable for Karthi", further adding that it would be "an action oriented film". The following month, sources suggested that he was planning a bilingual project, filming simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu with Karthi and Ram Charan Teja, respectively. However in early November, reports claimed that Vishal would portray the protagonist after Linguswamy had considered Jayam Ravi for the lead character. The reports proved to be false and Karthi was confirmed as the lead actor of the film.
The film failed to begin production in January 2008, with sources reporting in March that Linguswamy was still working on the script. The film was yet to be titled. It was to feature the main crew members of "Bheema", including music director Harris Jayaraj, cinematographer R. D. Rajasekhar and editor Anthony. Linguswamy later announced the film with an entirely new crew; Yuvan Shankar Raja replaced Jayaraj as the film's music composer, and Madhi was selected as the cinematographer, after Rajasekhar had opted out of the project as he was busy working on "Jaggubhai". Linguswamy chose Priya Manikandan, wife of cinematographer Manikandan, as the chief costume designer, for whom "Paiyaa" would be her first film project. Linguswamy further revealed that the film would be produced by his home production studio Thirupathi Brothers and denied that it was a remake of a Telugu film. Lingusamy disclosed later that he had written two scripts, out of which Karthi eventually chose "Paiyaa", because he wanted to do an "urban love story" after two successive roles as a ruffian. Initially titled as "Kuthirai", it was later renamed as "Paiyaa", which was considered a tentative, working title only. Karthi said he was " ... dying to start shooting for Paiyaa " and to " ... wear good clothes ... and he accepted the film because he " ... desperately wanted to play a cool dude on screen.
The filming was supposed to begin in August 2009. However, due to the slow progress of Karthi's ongoing project, "Aayirathil Oruvan", "Paiyaa" was postponed several times, since Karthi needed to maintain the continuity of his looks for his role in "Aayirathil Oruvan". Its producer Ravindran complained at the Tamil Film Producers Council that Karthi was trying to change his look and move on to "Paiyaa" before finishing his commitments, which forced Linguswamy to readjust the schedules. The shooting finally began in December 2008. The film's music was released in November 2009 along with the trailer. In late 2009, after finishing the filming of "Paiyaa", Lingusamy disclosed his plans of remaking the film in Telugu and Hindi as well. Later, as "Yuganikki Okkadu", the Telugu dubbed version of Karthi's "Aayirathil Oruvan", emerged as successful in Andhra Pradesh, the team instead decided to dub and release the film in Telugu to cash in on Karthi's new-found popularity in the state. The Telugu version was titled "Awara" and its audio was released in March 2010; "Awara" was released simultaneously with the Tamil version. In March 2010, the film's distribution rights were acquired by Dhayanidhi Alagiri's Cloud Nine Movies.
This film is also dubbed version in Hindi as "Aakhri Baazi"
Casting.
In July 2008, actress Nayantara was signed for the female lead role in "Paiyaa" for a record salary of 1 crore. Speaking about the issue, the director admitted that she was one of his favourite actress and he liked her performance in "Yaaradi Nee Mohini". He also quoted: "The way her career graph shot up is intriguing. Unlike others her career progressed in reverse gear. She paired up with the superstar during the early years of her career and started accepting roles with heroes of next generation." She also expressed her interest to work in the project. However, plans were made to trim the film's budget due to the economic recession, and discussions were held with Nayantara to reduce her salary. The talks resulted in failure and Nayantara left the project in December 2008. Later, she was accused of cheating the director by refusing to return an advance of 15 lakh she had taken before commencement, after walking out of the film. The director filed a complaint with the Tamil Film Producers Council, which decided to ban the actress. Subsequently Trisha was reported to have bagged the role, before Tamannaah was finalized as the female lead, who was signed for 80 lakh. Later in December 2008, Milind Soman, who had last appeared in "Pachaikili Muthucharam", was signed up for the main antagonist's role, a Mumbai-based don, with other minor antagonists numbering up to 18.
Filming.
After Karthi had completed his film "Aayirathil Oruvan", the principal photography for "Paiyaa" began on 24 December 2008 at a highway near Bangalore. Shooting carried on in and around Bangalore in the following weeks. The film's main portions were extensively shot across some major highways, where the story plays, whilst the climax was filmed in Mumbai, where the journey would also end. The filming also took place in Tamil Nadu, Puducherry, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh.
In May 2009, a street fight was filmed near the Chembarambakkam Lake in Chennai. Later that month, a song ("Suthudhe Suthudhe Boomi"), choreographed by Sabeena Khan, was shot at Prasad Studios in Chennai, where a set had been erected by art director Rajeevan. The song was said to have featured computer graphics and visual effects with which forests and mountain ranges were created. In June 2009, after nearly six months of shooting, more than sixty-five percent of the project was completed, with a song and the climax sequences being the remaining parts to be filmed. A twenty-five day schedule was to be held in Mumbai and Pune, but the shooting got halted in July due to heavy rains. In October 2009, the final action scenes of the climax involving Karthi and Milind Soman were filmed in Mumbai and its suburbs in a ten-day schedule, following which a rain song ("Adada Mazhaida"), featuring Karthi and Tamannaah, was shot at the Athirappilly waterfalls in Kerala.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack for "Paiyaa" was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja, collaborating with Linguswamy again after "Sandakozhi" (2005). The audio launch function was held on 22 November 2009 at the Satyam Cinemas, which was attended by many prominent film personalities; director Shankar released the soundtrack. The album originally features five songs with vocals by singers Karthik, Benny Dayal, Haricharan, Rahul Nambiar and composer Yuvan Shankar Raja himself. Three songs were reportedly composed and recorded in Singapore. The lyrics were provided by Na. Muthukumar. The album received highly positive reviews and responses from critics and audiences alike and the songs were considered to have played an important role for the film's success.
Release.
"Paiyaa" was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board. The film was initially scheduled for a late 2009 release, but was pushed to 14 January 2010 coinciding with the Tamil harvest festival Thai Pongal. Karthi's second film "Aayirathil Oruvan", which was in production for nearly three years, was also planned to release on the same day. Since, according to the Tamil Film Producers Council, two films starring the same actor could not be released on the same day, "Aayirathil Oruvan" was given priority, whilst "Paiyaa" was postponed for 30 days. The release was postponed again for some reasons, before finally hitting the screens on 2 April 2010. The film had its premiere at the Satyam Cinemas, Chennai. A group of celebrities attended the event, including Vijay, Simbu, Narain, Jayam Ravi, Premji Amaren, Aishwarya Dhanush, Gautham Menon, Hari, Venkat Prabhu and Jai, besides some of the film's cast and crew.
Box office.
"Paiyaa" got a solo release on 2 April 2010, coinciding with Good Friday. It earned 71 lakh in the opening weekend across Chennai with an average occupancy of 90%. The film grossed 3 crore in the first three days and was declared a commercial success within a few days. In the United Kingdom the film was distributed by B4U and was released across six screens, grossing £21,021 in the opening weekend, opening at the 23rd place. Furthermore, in Malaysia, the film opened across 34 screens and collected $349,368 after the second week. In Tamil Nadu, it netted 13 crore from 300 screens in two weeks.
Critical reception.
Upon release, the film generally received positive reviews, with most critics calling the film "summer entertainer" and lauding its technical aspects. "Sify" described the film as a "road movie laced with mass elements and extraordinary songs", adding that it is a "jolly good ride". The reviewer praised the "loveable lead pair" for their "credible performance, which makes up for the plot holes". He said that technically the film was Linguswamy's his best, with Mathi's "eye-catching camera work", Antony's "crisp editing", Rajeevan's "exotic set designs", and praised composer Yuvan Shankar Raja, whose "foot-tapping" songs "scorch just like the desert sun" and were all "rocking", while his background score was a "perfect co-ordination with the narration". A reviewer from the "Times of India", Bhama Devi Ravi, gave the film 3 out of 5 stars, writing that "the story is not earth-shatteringly new, but what pulls you into the movie is the different spin that Lingusamy gives to the familiar story". She praised the lead pair's performance, particularly Karthi, who "comes up with an enjoyable performance", as well as the film's technical values, describing the camera work as "mind-blowing", Brinda Sarathy's dialogues as "thoroughly enjoyable" and Yuvan Shankar Raja's songs as "a real treat". Indiaglitz described the film as a "racy action adventure" and "undeniably an entertainer this summer", writing that Linguswamy has brought out "a classy entertainer" and Karthi and Tamannaah's performances are "absolutely great". Regarding the technical crew, the reviewer cited that the camera work was "immaculate", while editor Anthony and stunt coordinator Kanal Kannan had done "an incredible and marvellous job". The music, in particular, was described as "the greatest strength of the movie" and his background score as "excellent".
An entertainment portal, "Behindwoods" gave the film 2.5 out of 5 stars, describing the film as "a stylish, light hearted family entertainer for the summer" and a "Pacy road show with a few humps on a straight run". It too, like the other reviewers, cited that Karthi had brought out an "enjoyable performance", whilst describing Yuvan Shankar Raja as "the major backbone of "Paiya"". Moreover, he cited that Brinda Sarathy's dialogues "evoke laughter", the car chasing sequence is "absolutely brilliant", the cinematographer "needs plaudits" and the "crisp editing" by Anthony as a "major plus point." In contrast, Rediff's Pavithra Srinivasan cited that there was "othing entertaining about "Paiyya"" and that film was worth a watch only for Karthi's screen presence, "pretty" Tamannaah and Yuvan's songs, despite giving 2.5 out of 5 stars. She criticized Linguswamy's script as the film's "biggest minus", adding that the film "starts out so very promisingly", describing the first half was "racy, peppy and enthusiastic, only to fizzle out with no appreciable sequences in the second half."

</doc>
<doc id="20568143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568143" title="Llanasa">
Llanasa

Llanasa is village in the county of Flintshire, northeast Wales. Llanasa is described as one of the ancient parishes of Flintshire. It originally comprised the townships of Gronant, Gwespyr, Kelston, Golden Grove, Picston, Trewaelod, Axtyn and Trelogan.
Named after Saint Asaph the village is known to have existed since at least c.600 AD and was originally called "Llanasaph" meaning "the Church of Saint Asaph". It was where the tomb and relics of Saint Asaph were enshrined before they were moved to the larger St Asaph Cathedral sometime before 1281. This ancient parish church was later the burial place of Gruffudd Fychan (the father of Owain Glyndŵr). The stone slab which covered his tomb survives and is engraved with the words "HIC LACET GRVFVD VACHAN" or "here lies Gruffudd Fychan". This slab, according to records, was originally in the centre of the south aisle and it would appear that Gruffudd Fychan was buried somewhere in this church sometime between 1350 and 1370. His mortal remains have not been found.
Welsh relatives of Glyndŵr, known as the Hughes of Gwerclas family, continued to live in the area during the 18th and 19th Centuries.
Golden Grove.
Golden Grove is a Grade I listed 16th-century Elizabethan manor house in a 1000 acres estate to the west of the village. It was built c.1580 by Sir Edward Morgan and renovated during the reign of Queen Anne. It was passed down in the Morgan family, several of whom were Sheriffs of Flintshire, until 1877, when it was sold to industrial chemist Henry Davis Pochin, who had already bought Bodnant. The late 19th-century terraced garden with yew topiary, was designed by Henry Pochin's daughter Laura, wife of Charles McLaren, 1st Baron Aberconway, and leads from the house to the remains of a 17th-century walled garden. The house is now a luxury bed and breakfast hotel. 

</doc>
<doc id="20568148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568148" title="Mahamudu Bawumia">
Mahamudu Bawumia

Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia (born October 7, 1963, Tamale, Northern region, Ghana), is an economist and banker of international distinction and repute.He was a Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana until his nomination as Vice Presidential candidate for the New Patriotic Party (NPP) Presidential candidate Nana Akufo-Addo in 2008. He also run as the Vice - Presidential Candidate of the New Patriotic Party in Ghana's 2012 General Elections and was the lead witness for the petitioners in the 2012/2013 Presidential Election Petition which challenged the declaration of John Mahama as winner of the Ghana's 2012 Presidential Election. He is married to Samira Ramadan and they have four children.
Parents.
He was born on October 7, 1963 in Tamale to the late Alhaji Mumuni Bawumia, former Chairman of the Council of State (1992 - 2000) and Hajia Mariama Bawumia. 
Dr. Bawumia's father, the distinguished Alhaji Mumuni Bawumia, was a teacher, lawyer and veteran politician who devoted virtually all his life to public service.
The late Alhaji Mumuni Bawumia was a Mamprugu Royal and Paramount Chief of the Kperiga Traditional Area at the time of his passing in September 2002. He was a founding member of the Northern Peoples' Party alongside such political stalwarts as Chief S. D. Dombo, Chief Abeifa Karbo, Yakubu Tali, the Tolon Naa, and J. A. Braimah, Kabachewura.
The Northern Peoples Party, together with the National Liberation Movement and other opposition political parties later metamorphosed into the United Party, the forebear of the current New Patriotic Party.
Alhaji Bawumia due his influence in Northern Ghana politics served under various Ghanaian governments in various capacities including member of the Northern Territories Council, the Gold Coast Legislative Assembly, a Member of Parliament of the First Republic, Northern Regional Minister, and Ghana Ambassador to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
For his distinguished public service, Alhaji Bawumia was in March 1999 awarded the national highest honour at the time, a Member of the Order of the Star of Ghana.
Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia’s mother, Hajia Mariama Bawumia, is a native of Kpasenkpe in the West Mamprusi District. She was a brilliant student, and was one of the first northern female students to gain admission to the prestigious Wesley Girls High School, Cape Coast.
Education.
Born into a large family, Mahamudu Bawumia was the twelfth of his father’s 18 children and the second of his mother’s five. 
Mahamudu Bawumia attended the Sakasaka Primary school in Tamale, and gained admission to Tamale Secondary School in 1975, where he quickly established a strong reputation for his exceptional academic performance. He was awarded the prize for Best Overall Student in Form 3.
He continued to excel in his studies, and dazzled his audiences with his superb debating skills as a member of the Tamale Secondary School Debating Team, which was adjudged the best in the Northern and Upper Regions competition in 1981. He was also Wemah House Prefect at Tamale Secondary School.
Dr. Bawumia also had a keen interest in sports and represented Tamale Secondary School in Table Tennis at inter-school sporting competitions. His leadership skills and abilities were noted earlier on, and he was appointed as the Wemah House Prefect during his Sixth Form at Tamale Secondary School. Mahamudu Bawumia was also President of the Ghana United Nations Students’ Association (GUNSA) for the year 1981.
After graduating from Tamale Secondary School, he proceeded to the United Kingdom where he undertook professional banking studies and obtained the Chartered Institute of Bankers Diploma (ACIB) with distinctions in Banking Law, Monetary Economics, Accounting and Banking within the rather short period of 18 months!
He undertook undergraduate study at Buckingham University where he topped his record of academic brilliance with a First Class Honours Degree in Economics in 1987.
He subsequently gained admission to Oxford University, Lincoln College, where, one year later, he obtained a Master’s Degree in Economics. He pursued his doctoral studies in economics at the prestigious Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, where he obtained a Ph.D. in Economics in 1995. His areas of specialization include Macroeconomics, International Economics, Development Economics and Monetary Policy. He has numerous publications to his credit.
Work experience.
From 1988 to 1990, Dr. Bawumia worked as a lecturer in Monetary Economics, and International Finance at the Emile Woolf College of Accountancy in London, England. He also served as an economist at the Research Department of the International Monetary Fund in Washington, DC, USA.
Between 1996 and 2000, Dr. Bawumia served as an Assistant Professor of Economics at Hankamer School of Business, Baylor University, Texas, USA, where he also received the Young Researcher Award in 1998. As a result of Dr. Bawumia’s commitment to excellence in teaching, he made the list of "Who is Who Among America’s Teachers' in 1999.
Dr. Bawumia returned to Ghana in 2000 to work as an economist at the Bank of Ghana. He rose through the ranks from Senior Economist to Head of Department, and subsequently as Special Assistant to the Governor of the Bank. His Excellency President J.A. Kufuor appointed Dr. Bawumia as Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana in June 2006.
At the Bank of Ghana, Dr. Bawumia established himself as a skilled policy maker with a reputation for being a doer, a hands-on technocrat, and a professional with a remarkable ability to successfully handle complex issues.
Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia’s professional accomplishments at the Bank of Ghana include the following:
• As Head of the Monetary Policy and Financial Stability Department, he was part of the team that designed and implemented the inflation targeting framework that continues to guide monetary policy and the workings of the Monetary Policy Committee at the Bank of Ghana. The inflation targeting framework established was successful in reducing inflation from over 40% in 2000 to 10.2 % by 2007 (i.e., before the oil price shock of 2007/2008) while maintaining relative exchange rate stability.
• Was part of the team that was instrumental in designing and implementing policy initiatives such as the abolition of the secondary reserve requirements and the opening up of the banking sector to competition. This resulted in a major increase in the availability of credit to the private sector from 12.5% of GDP in 2001 to 28.5% of GDP by 2008. 
• Led Bank of Ghana’s technical negotiation team and has been part of Government team that has negotiated with the World Bank and International Monetary Fund since 2001 through HIPC and PRGF. Partly as a result of these negotiations, Ghana by 2007 successfully ended its dependence on IMF assistance. 
• Served as a member of the Government technical negotiating team on HIPC Paris Club and Completion Point Negotiations. Ghana completed the HIPC process successfully with significant debt relief of close to $4 billion.
• Was a member of the Government Team to Negotiate the Millennium Challenge Account Compact with the US Government. The MCA resulted in many significant projects such as the recently inaugurated George Bush Highway. 
• Was a member of the Government Technical Team on the Deregulation of Ghana’s Petroleum Sector. 
• As Chairman of the Capital Markets Committee, was responsible for the strategy for accessing the international capital markets with a debut $750 million, which was four times oversubscribed.
• Was part of the team that designed and implemented the successful redenomination of the cedi which has been hailed globally. Through this process, the cedi was considerably strengthened and Ghanaians found renewed confidence in their currency. Significant savings were also made by the Bank of Ghana in currency printing costs.
• Played a key role in the design and implementation of the e-zwich common platform for all banks, savings and loans companies and rural banks. This common platform will result in inter-operability across different financial institutions. The first nationwide technologically-driven platform for monetary transactions across the country, the e-zwich has put Ghana on the map as a world leader in the application of biometric smartcard technology for banking the unbanked. 
• As the deputy Governor in charge of financial stability, successfully maintained oversight over the soundness of the banking sector.
• As Deputy Governor Dr. Bawumia served on the Boards of the Bank of Ghana, Ghana International Bank (UK), Ghana Telecom, Revenue Agencies Governing Board, Social Security and National Insurance Trust.
Shortly after the 2008 election Bawumia resigned as Deputy Governor at the Bank of Ghana. 
2008 Elections.
Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia was named Running Mate to the New Patriotic Party flagbearer, Nana Akufo-Addo in the 2008 Elections. In justifying the naming of Dr. Bawumia as partner in the 2008 General Elections, Nana Akufo-Addo variously described Dr. Bawumia as “a young, enterprising professional with an impressive career record in his youthful life, adding that he would work effectively with him to move the nation to its next level of development and provide the needed transformational leadership.”
He again indicated that "The selection of Dr Bawumia, a young Muslim from the north as my running mate, was done to help ensure the unity of the nation. We need a national leadership that reflects the multi-ethnic and multi-religious dimensions of the nation, and that is exactly what I want to lead the NPP to do". 
Dr. Bawumia's nomination to the NPP Presidential ticket in the 2008 General Elections, saw the NPP increasing its tally of votes substantially in all the three Northern Regions – both the first round and second round. 
In the first round of the 2008 General Elections, the Presidential ticket of the New Patriotic Party garnered 303,326 votes representing 37.79% of the total valid votes cast in the Northern Region; 118,454 votes representing 35.25% of the total valid votes cast in the Upper East Region and 81,093 votes representing 37.62% in the Upper West Region. 
In the Run-off poll, the New Patriotic Party secured 312,781 votes representing 38.39% of votes in the Northern Region. The Party secured 117,470 votes representing 34.45% in the Upper East Region and also received 81,566 votes representing 37.68% in the Upper West Region. 
These results were a remarkable improvement over the 2004 figures which helped secure a second term for the John Agyekum-Kufuor presidency. 
The figures provide in a small part for the observer, a statistical ability to mark the impact of Dr. Bawumia in 2008. Generally however, the nomination of Dr. Bawumia as Running Mate of Dr. Bawumia increased the appeal of the ticket to the youth brackets of the population, the middle class, Northern population, Muslim population and generally, the percentage of the electorate desiring proven competent leaders to manage the resources and affairs of the state. 
After 2008 Elections.
After the 2008 Elections, Dr. Bawumia as an accomplished technocrat and policy maker who played a key role in the successful implementation of a wide range of economic and financial reforms in Ghana during the last decade was engaged on several assignments internationally. 
Dr. Bawumia served as a Consultant to the Economic Commission of Africa between February and March 2009 during which he prepared a Paper on Africa’s position for the G20 London Summit. 
Between April and October 2009, Dr. Bawumia served as a Visiting Scholar at the University of British Columbia Liu Centre for Global Studies and Fisheries Centre. 
In October 2009, he was appointed as a Fellow of the International Growth Centre (IGC), a research institute based jointly at the London School of Economics and Political Science and Oxford University that provides advice on economic growth to governments of developing countries, specifically serving as an IGC Team Member for Sierra Leone. He also served as an Advisor to the Central Bank of Sierra Leone on the redesigning of the organizational structure of the Bank and its monetary policy framework. 
Between October 2009 and October 2010, he also served as a Senior Research Associate at the Centre for the Study of African Economies, University of Oxford, Department of Economics.
In January 2011, Dr. Bawumia was tapped by the African Development Bank and appointed to the challenging position of Resident Representative of the African Development Bank for Zimbabwe. He served in this position till he was reappointed as the Vice-Presidential Candidate to Nana Akufo-Addo on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party for Ghana's 2012 Presidential Election. 
2012 Elections.
Dr. Bawumia was re-nominated as the Vice-Presidential Candidate to Nana Akufo-Addo for the 2012 General Elections in March 2012. 
On May 2nd 2012, Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia delivered the much talked about State of the Economy Address during which he took on the National Democratic Congress Administration for the poor management of the Ghanaian Economy and the handling of various statistical data. The lecture attracted wide discussions in Ghana but generally added to the credentials of Dr. Bawumia as an astute economist who understands the workings of the Ghanaian Economy. 
Dr. Bawumia as Vice-Presidential candidate of the New Patriotic Party concentrated mainly on the Northern Region as well as the Upper East and Upper West Regions. The work of Dr. Bawumia in the three Northern Regions is seen as a significant factor in securing the New Patriotic Party its best performance in Northern Ghana since the onset of multi-party democracy in 1992. 
The Party won ten (10) seats in the Northern Region including Yendi, Walewale, Yagaba – Kubore, Bunkpurugu, Bimbilla, Chereponi, Kpandai, Tatale – Sanguli, Tolon and Zabzugu. 
The Party also won the Nabdam and Talensi Constituencies in the Upper East Region.
The ticket of Nana Akufo-Addo and Dr. Bawumia however lost the Presidential Elections narrowly to incumbent John Dramani Mahama. 

</doc>
<doc id="20568161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568161" title="James O'Rourke (canoeist)">
James O'Rourke (canoeist)

James Jerome O'Rourke (May 4, 1915 – November 21, 1983) was an American canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born and died in Yonkers, New York. He was the father of James O'Rourke, Jr.
In 1936 he and his partner John Lysak finished seventh in the folding K-2 10000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20568162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568162" title="Barbara McAlister">
Barbara McAlister

Barbara McAlister is an American diver. She won a gold medal in "springboard diving" at the 1963 Pan American Games in São Paulo.
She was featured on the cover of the magazine Sports Illustrated July 23, 1962 (Volume 17, Issue 4).

</doc>
<doc id="20568168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568168" title="Lollianus Mavortius">
Lollianus Mavortius

Quintus Flavius Maesius Egnatius Lollianus signo Mavortius ("fl." 330 – 356) was a politician of the Roman Empire.
In the 18th century an acephalous statue of Mavortius was discovered in Puteoli, then Pozzuoli (near Naples, Italy); after a restoration, this statue entered in the local folklore as "Saint Mamozio".
Life.
A pagan, he was Governor of Campania from 328 to 335, "comes Orientis" from 330 to 336, Proconsul of Africa from 334 to 337, "Praefectus urbi" of Rome in 342, Consul in 355 and Praetorian prefect of Italy for Constantius II between 355 and 356.
He encouraged the senatorial writer Julius Firmicus Maternus to write an astrological essay, the "Matheseos libri VIII", that the author dedicated to Lollianus.

</doc>
<doc id="20568178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568178" title="St. Bonaventure Monastery">
St. Bonaventure Monastery

The St. Bonaventure Monastery is a complex of religious buildings, built for the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin, located at 1740 Mt. Elliot Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
History.
St. Bonaventure Monastery was established in 1882, one of a number of late 19th century Roman Catholic institutions established in Detroit. At the time, the Capuchin friars wrote to then-Bishop of Detroit Caspar Borgess, seeking permission to establish a community of the Order in his diocese. The bishop responded by suggesting that they could serve as chaplains for the Eastside Historic Cemetery District and build a monastery in the city. The friars accepted the suggestion and were granted permission to start working in the diocese. In 1882 they moved into a small house on the cemetery grounds until the following year, when the monastery, sited across the street, was habitable.
The monastery was originally intended to serve the area's Catholic clergy and churches, but also provided emergency aid to the poor. During the Great Depression, the monastery was a major source of relief for poor East-Side workers. By 1931 the monastery was providing as many as 3,500 free meals per day through its soup kitchen.
Father Solanus Casey.
The monastery is also significant because of its association with Father Solanus Casey, O.F.M. Cap. Father Solanus was a Capuchin friar who served as the monastery porter 1924-1946, meeting visitors at the friary door. He also helped out at the Soup Kitchen, comforting the hungry, and was instrumental in obtaining food and supplies for the kitchen during the Great Depression. In 1966 Casey was proposed as a candidate for sainthood. On July 8, 1987, Father Solanus Casey's body was exhumed and found to be incorrupt. His body was clothed in a new religious habit, placed in a steel casket, and re-interred beneath the north transept at St. Bonaventure's, where prayers are offered for the intercession of Fr. Solanus.
Description.
St. Bonaventure Monastery consists of three buildings: the 1883 Gothic-influenced monastery (completed in 1913), the 1908 Soup Kitchen, and the 1939 Third Order Hall. All three buildings are constructed of red brick on a hand-dressed limestone foundation with extensive limestone trim. The monastery complex also contains a tiny cemetery and a 1960 mission building.

</doc>
<doc id="20568182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568182" title="Free for All (TV series)">
Free for All (TV series)

Free for All is a 2003 animated series that aired on Showtime. The series was created by Brett Merhar. It followed the day-to-day life of Johnny Jenkins, an innocent 19-year-old college kid who has to deal with a bitter, cigarette smoking grandmother and a coarse, sometimes-violent, alcoholic father, in a rather dysfunctional family while his friend, Clay, is living large with the settlement money he got from suing a taco restaurant for personal injuries. In America, the series was rated TV-MA for explicit sexual content, including nudity and scenes of sexual intercourse (S), extremely offensive language (L), and adult content (AD on Showtime's content warning screen).
The show was developed for television by Merriwether Williams, the head writer for the first four seasons of "Spongebob Squarepants". The show lasted for only seven episodes that aired over the summer of 2003, the last ending on a cliff-hanger. Despite favorable to mixed reviews from critics, the show had very low ratings, due to poor promotion and basing the series on an already-unsuccessful property. Showtime cancelled the animated series shortly after the last episode aired. Though the series is now considered "obscure" and no DVD release has been planned for it, the entire series is legally available on iTunes and Amazon.com.
Production/Development.
From Underground Comic to Animated Series.
In 1992, "Free For All" began life as an alternative comic strip published in college newspapers. The comic became nationally syndicated shortly afterwords, but eventually ending in 1998. Brett Merhar pitched the show to Showtime in 2001 as an animated series, wanting to do edgier jokes than what he could do in the comic. He brought in a friend of his, Merriwether Williams, who was, at the time, the head writer for Nickelodeon's "Spongebob Squarepants". She worked on "Free For All" as showrunner and head writer alongside her duties as showrunner for "Spongebob Squarepants". 
Writers.
The show had three writers: Jeff Poliquin (future writer for Comedy Central's short-lived animated sitcom "Ugly Americans", and former writer for The Simpsons video games), Gil Ferro (who also served as the show's editor), and Williams herself; Brett Merhar also co-wrote the first episode, "The Deal", with Williams.
Voice Actors.
The show had an all star cast:
Animation.
The shows animation was interesting, as it was a combination of CGI LightWave animation (cars/some buildings/panning backgrounds), and traditional hand drawn animation/backgrounds - drawn in pencil and ink on animation paper, then scanned into a computer and colored with Wacom tablets on ToonBoom Harmony. The show's animation was produced at Film Roman. Dave Marshall, a former animation director for "Animaniacs", was the series director. William Reiss and C.H. Greenblatt, two "Spongebob" veterans, worked on the show as storyboard artists. The two of them would go on to work on the Disney Channel hit series "Fish Hooks", while C.H. Greenblatt would also go on to create "Chowder" for Cartoon Network, and is currently creating a pilot called "Bad Seeds" for Nickelodeon. Both "Fish Hooks" and "Chowder" would become far more successful and profitable than "Free For All". 
Notable Distinctions.
The show was also one of the first animated series to be broadcast in high definition. "Free For All" also holds the distinction of being the first, and so far only, animated sitcom to air on Showtime. It is currently also the only traditionally animated, half hour sitcom to air on a premium network (HBO has had three different animated shows, though "The Ricky Gervais Show" show was not a sitcom, and was animated on Adobe Flash using the puppet tool. "The Life and Times of Tim", while it was a sitcom, was composed of two eleven minute segments, and was created digitally with Photoshop and After Effects, and "Spawn" was, while traditionally animated, a serial drama rather than a sitcom). 
After The Cancellation.
After the show was cancelled, Brett Merhar went on to create a web series titled "Beverly Hills Anger Management," which premiered on YouTube. Merriwether Williams went on to write for Cartoon Network's "Camp Lazlo" as the head writer, as well as "Johnny Test" (also on Cartoon Network), "" (on The Hub), and Pound Puppies (also on The Hub).
Reception.
The show had received very favorable reviews from critics. IGN said:
""The Free for All pilot episode definitely has the feel of a comic strip, with various short storylines in the beginning as we're introduced to each character. But where some animated series adapted from comic strips consist solely of just that – short little stories that have no effect on or relation to anything else in the episode – FfA starts up a couple episode-long storylines and follows through on them. When Angus steals some Vicodin from Clay's medicine cabinet, the ferret needs to be detoxed. And when Johnny is being tormented by his crazy grandmother who wants him out of the house, Clay says he'll take care of Johnny's situation if Johnny detoxes Angus. What follows are some bizarre sequences involving Johnny trying to help the ferret with the aid of The Robert Downey Jr. Guide to Cold Turkey and Johnny's grandma getting busy with Eminem and Dr. Dre. The pop culture references strewn throughout the episode are reminiscent of Family Guy – though not always laugh-out-loud funny, at the very least they make you think, "I can't believe they just showed that. " From old lady nudity to Eminem blissfully cuddling with another man, Free for All goes places you just normally don't see in an animated world. Overall, FfA is off to an enjoyable start; it'll be interesting to see where this bizarre group of characters go from here.""
Entertain Your Brain.com Said:
"The show was both funny and disturbing. I had a real concern that it was going to suck when I began my research on it. The name being touted around in all the promotional material was the show's head writer and executive producer, Merriwether Williams. She has been the head writer for the horrible hit Nickelodeon cartoon “Spongebob Squarepants” for the last three years. I was hoping I wouldn't see the lame stuff that passes for comedy on that show transferred to Showtime Late Nite. Fortunately, that didn't happen. I wonder if Williams was feeling the same pressure from Nickelodeon that John K. was when he was doing “Ren and Stimpy” for them. Anyway…the show was not lame and quite amusing. Watching the show felt much like reading a comic strip in its style of animation. Grandma was very gross, but still funny to watch. I found out that one of my favorite actors, Jeremy Piven, was originally supposed to be the voice of Clay, and I wonder how different the show would have been if he had done it. Merhar's voice-work of Clay isn't bad. In fact, his low, monotone style seems to fit the character.
"“Free for All” is yet another reason to stay home on Friday nights, behind the already entertaining “Monk, “Dead Like Me,” and “Spider-Man: The Animated Series.” Is cable determined to keep me from having a life? More than the whole non-life thing, I'm ashamed that it took me so long to become aware of this Coloradoan made good. Maybe someday Merhar will achieve the heights of local heroes Trey Parker and Matt Stone. You may have heard of them…they created a little animated series for cable called “South Park?
and Variety stated:
""With a plot that involves detoxing the ferret, flying to Las Vegas for a Tom Jones concert and meeting Eminem and Grandma's seduction of Clay that involves a blend of "Basic Instinct" and "The Graduate," "Free for All" flashes moments of cleverness. Creator Merhar and Merriwether Williams (head writer of "SpongeBob SquarePants") have the characters. They just need to make their lives a bit more messy.""

</doc>
<doc id="20568196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568196" title="Damjan Kozole">
Damjan Kozole

Damjan Kozole (born 1964 in Brežice, Slovenia) is an award-winning Slovenian filmmaker whose directing credits include the 2003 critically acclaimed "Spare Parts" and 2009 worldwide released "Slovenian Girl", among others. "Spare parts" was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 53rd Berlin International Film Festival.
In 2005, a Kozole film retrospective took place in the United States and Canada, hosted by the "American Film Institute". In 2008 "Sight & Sound" ranked his "Spare Parts" among the ten most important films of the New Europe. In 2012 he received Lifetime Achievement Award at the Rome Film Festival.
In his films, "some of the most raffish, funky and even sordid characters discover their own humanity" (Alissa Simon, "Variety"). 
Selected feature films.
His 2003 feature film "Spare Parts" tells a story of two human traffickers from a small town in Slovenia who transport illegal migrants from Croatia on to the Western Europe, for a hefty fee. The film was premiered in the Competition Programme at Berlinale 2003 and following that at more than fifty international film festivals, where it won many international awards. It was released theatrically in more than 20 countries. According to "The Guardian", "Slovenian writer-director Damjan Kozole has given us one of the most powerful and provocative movies of the year" (Peter Bradshaw). 2008 "Sight & Sound" ranked "Spare Parts" among ten most important films of the “New Europe”. 
"Labour Equals Freedom" was premiered at the Locarno International Film Festival 2005 and won the Grand Prix (Golden Palm) and best director award (Silver Palm) at the 2006 Valencia Int. Film Festival. It tells a story of a depressed middle-age man who, due to a twist of fate, finds new joy in life through working for the common good. According to "Variety", "Kozole creates a mood of affectionate cynicism, with shrewd subtexts tallying foibles of contempo society" (Eddie Cockrell). 
"Forever" (2008) is a minimalist, full-length feature film Kozole shot in six nights in his own apartment. The film was premiered at the Rotterdam International Film Festival 2008 and won the Golden Sun award for best film at the European Film Festival in Skopje, Macedonia. The story of "Forever" develops in almost real time. We witness what is going on behind an apartment door: the hellish psychological moments of a couple where the thin line between love and hate breaks down. According to Rotterdam International Film Festival programmer Ludmila Cvikova, "the script is masterfully processed by the director and the entire film is carried by the excellent achievements of the two leading actors".
"Slovenian girl" (2009) was premiered at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival and following that shown at more than 100 international film festivals. Alexandra, a twenty-three-year-old Slovenian, leads a double life: she is a respectable student and a call girl. The film won Grand Prix, Best director award and Best screenplay award at 2012 Girona film festival, Public award at the 2010 Cinessone Film Festival, Paris and Nina Ivanisin won many international awards for her leading role. The film was released theatrically in more than 50 countries, in US under the title "A Call Girl". According to "Moving Pictures Magazine", "the film is ultimately a fascinating study of free enterprise in free fall. In this mesmerizing chamber piece, director Damjan Kozole has contrived a new style of narrative to convey a view of capitalist culture at once outrageous and non-judgmental" (Shaz Bennett).
Documentary films.
Kozole is also the author of many documentaries dealing with visual arts like "Ulay's journal from November to November" – a feature doc about artist Ulay (2012) or "Two or Three Things I know About Her" – about visual artist Zora Stančič (2010), and documentary films dealing with social themes like "The Long Vacation" - a feature length documentary on formally erased citizens (2012, Best Slovenian documentary of the year).

</doc>
<doc id="20568199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568199" title="Ed Coughlin">
Ed Coughlin

Edward E. Coughlin (August 5, 1861 – December 25, 1952) was a Major League Baseball outfielder and pitcher. Coughlin played in one game for the Buffalo Bisons on May 15, . 
Coughlin was born in Hartford, Connecticut to Irish parents. On May 15, 1884, he made his first and only appearance in a major league game for the Buffalo Bisons of the National League. Buffalo played the Philadelphia Quakers. He was used as both an outfielder and a pitcher in that game. As a pitcher, he faced five batters, allowed four runs, three of them earned, and threw two wild pitches. He left the mound without recording an out. In the outfield, he recorded two putouts, and made one error. At the plate, Coughlin batted four times, struk out twice, and collected a hit. He also drove in a run. 
In addition to his one major league game, Coughlin played in the minor leagues in 1884 and . He played for both Youngstown of the Iron & Oil Association and Hartford in the Connecticut State League in 1884. In 1886, he played in the New England League with the Brockton ball club. He died in Hartford in 1952 at the age of 91. He is buried at Mount St. Benedict Cemetery in Bloomfield, Connecticut. 

</doc>
<doc id="20568208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568208" title="Harry Worrall">
Harry Worrall

Harold "Harry" Worrall (19 November 1918 – 1979) was an English footballer who played as a left back for Manchester United and Swindon Town in the late 1940s.
Career.
Born in Northwich, Cheshire, Worrall began his football career as an inside forward with nearby Winsford United, before joining Manchester United as an 18-year-old in 1937, where he was converted into a full back. However, his first-team breakthrough was delayed by the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939. He was re-registered as a Manchester United player in April 1946, and made his debut for the club on 30 November 1946, playing at right back in a 3–2 away defeat to Wolverhampton Wanderers. Worrall's next appearance for the club came nearly a year later, when he made the first of five consecutive appearances at home to Aston Villa on 25 October 1947.
Despite this run in the team, though, Worrall failed to oust John Aston as the club's first choice left back and he was sold to Swindon Town for £1,000 in June 1948. However, he was unable to break into the Swindon team either and retired from football in July 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20568220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568220" title="Mattapany-Sewall Archeological Site">
Mattapany-Sewall Archeological Site

Mattapany-Sewall Archeological Site is an archaeological site in St. Mary's County, Maryland. It is located at the Patuxent River Naval Air Station on a level terrace approximately 45' above sea level, less than 1000' south of the Patuxent River in an unused wooded/grassy tract. Documentary evidence identifies the site as Mattapany-Sewall, a manor established in 1663 and occupied from 1666 to 1684 by Charles Calvert, 3rd Baron Baltimore. It served as a governmental meeting place and colonial arsenal, and was the scene of the 1689 battle, known as the Protestant Revolution of 1689, in which Maryland's Proprietary government was overthrown.
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20568228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568228" title="Henk Starreveld">
Henk Starreveld

Hendrik "Henk" Pieter Starreveld (April 26, 1914 – August 8, 2008) was a Dutch canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Amsterdam.
In 1936 he and his partner Gerardus Siderius finished fifth in the K-2 10000 metres competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20568244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568244" title="Stein Bagger">
Stein Bagger

Stein Bagger (born January 20, 1967) is a Danish businessman, entrepreneur and former CEO of the bankrupt company IT Factory. Before bankruptcy and a subsequent fraud scandal, he was named "Danish Entrepreneur of the Year" by Ernst & Young, and his company was named "Denmark's best IT company" two years in a row by the magazine Computerworld. On the 11 June, 2009, Stein Bagger was sentenced to a seven-year prison sentence.
Disappearance and charges.
Bagger disappeared on 27 November, 2008, while on a trip to Dubai with his wife and business colleagues. On 1 December, information emerged indicating that IT Factory's revenue had been artificially inflated and a leasing scam had defrauded banks and private investors for over 1.2 billion Danish kroner (250 million US dollars), making this the biggest financial fraud case in Denmark in recent decades. As a result, Bagger was charged with fraud and forgery, and a warrant for his arrest was put out by Interpol.
Fake degrees.
Stein Bagger claimed that he had several academic degrees, including an MBA and a PhD in International Business from "San Francisco Technical University". No such university exists. After reporters inquired about the alleged degrees, Bagger hired an American actress to impersonate an official of the fake university, to "verify" his degrees.
Re-emergence and incarceration.
Stein Bagger turned himself in to US police in downtown Los Angeles at approximately 21:00 GMT on 6 December 2008. Bagger had reportedly left Dubai on a plane destined for New York where he borrowed a car from a Swedish friend, Mikael Ljungman, before making a cross-country trip to Los Angeles. According to statements posted by him on his family's blog (and later repeated in an interview and apparently in court), he had allegedly been a victim of systematic extortion and threats towards his family, forcing him to take fraudulent steps in order to raise revenue to secure his family. However, many critics doubt the authenticity of those statements. Bagger was held in US custody until his extradition to Danish legal authorities. On December 16, he was extradited to Denmark and jailed pending further investigations.
Nature of scam.
Investigations revealed that Bagger employed a duping scheme by forging large sales orders creating fictional revenue. In the scheme, real and fictional overseas "partner" companies sold non-existent large hardware and software bundles (such as a complete $10 million hosting center) to IT Factory, IT Factory then obtained leasing contracts financing the fake purchases. About half the leasing funded money paid to the partner was spent on purchases of software from IT Factory, thus inflating company earnings. The leasing contracts were not considered debts under the accounting standards used, so IT Factory looked lucrative on paper, and because the leased goods were fictional, each "partner" was left with about half the price as personal profit. Since each fraudulent transaction was for such a large amount, only a relatively small number of fake documents would be needed to pull off the $200 million scam.

</doc>
<doc id="20568247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568247" title="Walther LGR">
Walther LGR

The Walther LGR air rifle was developed by the German arms manufacturer Carl Walther GmbH Sportwaffen as a high end match rifle for 10 metre air rifle competition shooting. The LGR was the first match air rifle that employed the then futuristic single-stroke pneumatic method as power source. This use of pre compressed air introduced the advantages of recoilless and vibration free shooting in combination with a well-made air rifle into the sport. It took other manufacturers a decade before they also introduced single-stroke pneumatic match air rifles.
History.
After a long development period the Walther LGR emerged as the main rival of the successful Feinwerkbau 300(S) match air rifle series, that were powered by a spring-piston coupled with an ingenious recoil absorbing system that allowed the barrel and receiver to slide back and forth on a rail system. The complex Feinwerkbau 300(S) design had up to that moment dominated the 10 metre air rifle shooting sport.
Immediately after its introduction in 1974 the LGR broke the individual and team 10 metre air rifle world records. This record breaking made the international shooting union, known as the UIT back then, but today the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF), decide to reduce the size of the 10 metre air rifle target to its current dimensions.
Other match air rifle manufacturers reacted to the introduction of the Walther LGR by further refinement of spring piston rifles. These late spring piston era match air rifles, the Anschutz LG 380 and the Diana Model 75, were certainly of high quality and very accurate, but spring piston technology, with its complex recoil cancellation mechanisms and slow lock times, was no longer cutting edge. 
The competition successes of the Walther LGR forced the other match air rifle manufacturers to ultimately drop the spring-piston-powered match air rifles and move into the “recoil free” pneumatic era.
The Walther LGR kept on dominating match air rifle shooting and held many records until the introduction of the Feinwerkbau 600 series single-stroke pneumatic air rifles in 1984. The Feinwerkbau 600 was easier to cock than the Walther LGR, lessening shooter fatigue over a 60 shot match and had an even faster lock time. The LGR's successor made by Walther was the LG90 single-stroke pneumatic air rifle.
Design details.
The LGR system is a purpose-designed high end match air rifle, rather than an accurised version of an existing, general-purpose air rifle. As such the LGR stocks and systems were offered in right and left versions.
Features.
The LGR shoots virtually recoilless and vibration free, since only a few small trigger parts, a light striker piece and lever that open a small air valve in a compression chamber and the air gun pellet move in the rifle during shooting. This minimal movement and balance shifts coupled to a fast lock time favour the practical accuracy capability and made the LGR superior to previous match air rifle designs.
As in any air gun the air seals wear during use and have to be replaced when leaks occur.
The heart of the TRG system is its receiver that houses a single stroke pneumatic power system that is operated by the users muscle power with a side mounted cocking lever. While the cocking lever is pulled back a constant volume of surrounding air rushes through air intake holes into the cylinder. During this operation the trigger is also cocked. On pushing the cocking lever back forward the air is compressed by a piston to a constant much smaller volume in a compression chamber. This results in an operating pressure of about 60 to 70 bar.
The hinge mechanism that connects the cocking lever to the air cylinder piston protrudes out of the rifle at the rear of the air cylinder under the back sight. The lever sports a large synthetic bulbous knob that provides a firm grip when cocking the rifle.
The early LGR rifles had a reputation under smaller framed persons for being physically strenuous to cock during extended training and match sessions compared to the Feinwerkbau 300 match air rifles. This problem was addressed by improving the cocking system, though the improved Walther LGR still required more effort to cock compared to the Feinwerkbau 300 series.
On top of the air cylinder a integral dovetail rail with shape connection drillings for one or more recoil lugs provides for fixing a match diopter or mounting components for telescopic sights. Walther offered two part push on mounts for telescopic sights with or 1 in diameter. These mounts could be raised by fitting dovetail blocks between the integral dovetail rail and the Walther telescopic sight mounts.
Trigger.
The two-stage trigger mechanism displays an adjustable trigger pull weight of 100 to 250 g (3.53 to 8.82 oz), trigger slack and let off point and can be adjusted for length and pitch. The advantage of these features is to prevent trigger movement in an inappropriate direction that would cause the rifle to move off target. Trigger travel is short with no noticeable over-travel.
The TRG has an automatic safety located in the trigger system.
Ammunition feeding.
Loading the rifle is done by opening a flip up loading trap with a double air seal made out of PTFE polymer. The pellet can than be shoved directly into the barrel. After that the trap can be lowered and locked into position again.
Though appearing a straightforward engineering solution, the loading trap mechanism provided the most problems during the development phase.
Barrel.
The rigid match grade rifled barrel is clamped in the loading gate mount. Removable barrel weights of 150 g and 280 g to adjust the balance of the rifle are available for the LGR rifles. For the LGR Moving Target variant 160 g and 310 g barrel weights are available. These barrel weights can be mounted and regulated by sliding and clamping them along the barrel according to the shooters preference.
Sight line.
The sighting arrangement on the Walther LGR takes advantage of the natural ability of the eye and brain to easily align concentric circles (circles all having a common centre).
As rear sighting system a universal Walther diopter was used. This high end target aperture sight offering windage and elevation correction in (≈ 0.069 MOA) increments at came with a rubber eye shield. This diopter was used by Walther for their complete match rifle product range and Steyr Mannlicher for their 300 metre full bore rifles. Like any high end diopter this Walther diopter accepts adjustable diopter aperture and optical filter systems to ensure optimal sighting conditions for match shooters.
The complementing globe front sight is mounted on dove tails on top of the barrel and has the possibility to easily insert various notch elements. Besides metal notch elements, plastic clear or semi transparent front sight elements of various diameters can also be mounted and quickly be exchanged.
For shooters with suboptimal vision the optical foresight aid eagle-eye can be installed to aid their aiming.
For raising the sightline of the diopter and foresight by dovetail blocks that fit the integral dovetail rail on top of the receiver were available.
Stock.
A great deal of creative thought was expended for the LGR stock designs. The stocks were designed to conform to UIT regulations and offer match shooters a great degree of comfort. The basic LGR and LGR Junior stocks were made of beech with little stippling. The higher grade LGR Match, LGR Match Universal and LGR Moving Target variants stocks had higher combs and raised sighting lines and were made of good grades of walnut and sported a fully stippled pistol grip area and fore end.
The rear of the buttstock can be lengthened with thick spacer plates so the length of pull and can be tailored for the individual shooter. The buttplate is also adjustable for height and can be raised or lowered up to .
A metal sling attachment rail is integrated in the underside of the front of the stock. The sling is attached with a clamping lever that can be slid along the rail to its desired position. The clamping lever accepts the sling swivel of the Walther or another shooting sling.
Accessories.
The LGR rifles were supplied with a user's manual, a special key, a 10 metre air rifle target that showed a 10 shot group produced by the particular air rifle (that should look like a ragged hole) and except for the LGR Moving Target a collection of metal foresights elements.
A cleaning kit to pull cleaning wicks from the opened loading trap to the muzzle was also supplied.
Variants.
The LGR was the basic model. It was not supplied with a raised sighting line and had a beech stock.
The LGR Match was a more luxurious model and had a raised sightline as standard. The walnut stock has a higher comb to fit the raised sightline.
The LGR Match Universal was the flagship model of the line and had a raised sightline as standard. The walnut variable stock able has an adjustable cheekpiece that can be raised up to in increments. The cheeckpiece can also be moved and fixed 2.5 mm towards of away from the shooters head. Once the by the shooter preferred stock layout has been selected it is fixed with the help of a single screw.
The LGR Moving Target has a walnut thumb hole stock with a rounded stock end and a variable cheekpiece that can be raised up to with a screw system This rifle was designed to be used with a telescopic sight for running target shooting and has no factory supplied sighting system.
The LGR Junior is a smaller version of the LGR with a shortened beech stock and cocking lever. The distance between the pistol grip and trigger is also shorter to allow smaller shooters with smaller hands to operate the rifle comfortably. The stock can be lengthened by adding spacer plates and the weight of barrel weights can be increased to cater for junior shooters growth.

</doc>
<doc id="20568251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568251" title="Frederic M. Sibley Lumber Company Office Building">
Frederic M. Sibley Lumber Company Office Building

The Frederic M. Sibley Lumber Company Office Building is an office building located at 6460 Kercheval in Detroit, Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1989 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Frederic M. Sibley.
Frederic M. Sibley was born in Detroit in late October, 1883. As an adult, he joined his father's lumber company and acted as treasurer until his father's death in 1912, after which he assumed the presidency of the firm. In 1922, the Sibley Lumber Company employed 400 people and was the second largest lumber firm in Detroit.
Sibley married Mabel Bessenger in August 1910. They had five children: Josephine, Frederic Jr., Dorothy, Suzanne, and Joy.
Sibley is also known for his cooperation with August Fruehauf in developing the first semi-trailers to haul lumber. The Fruehauf Corporation manufactured these trailers for many years afterward.
Description.
The Frederic M. Sibley Lumber Company Office Building was constructed in a Neo-Classical style in 1925. The two-story building is red brick, trimmed with limestone, and the legend "F. M. Sibley Lumber Co." is carved in the limestone lintel above the entrance. The facade is divided into eleven bays, each separated by a brick pillar. Rectangular transoms within each bay separate the two stories. Four limestone pilasters with Corinthian capitals surround the entrance, flanked by two vertical recessed lights.

</doc>
<doc id="20568256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568256" title="Bahari Constituency">
Bahari Constituency

Bahari Constituency was an electoral constituency in Kenya. It was one of three constituencies in Kilifi District now Kilifi County. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections. It was replaced by Kilifi South Constituency and Kilifi North Constituency with effect from 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20568258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568258" title="Gerardus Siderius">
Gerardus Siderius

Gerardus Gijsbertus Siderius (11 March 1914, Amsterdam – 14 April 1990, Loosdrecht) was a Dutch canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he and his partner Henk Starreveld finished fifth in the K-2 10000 metres competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20568266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568266" title="Dale Polley">
Dale Polley

Ezra Dale Polley (born August 9, 1965 in Georgetown, Kentucky) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees. He bats right-handed and throws left-handed.
He was signed by the Atlanta Braves as an amateur free agent in 1987. He played only in with the Yankees. Polley had a 1-3 record in 32 games, with a 7.89 ERA.
Polley attended Kentucky State University.

</doc>
<doc id="20568275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568275" title="Sazō Idemitsu">
Sazō Idemitsu


</doc>
<doc id="20568285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568285" title="Franz Tieze">
Franz Tieze

Franz Tieze (1842–1932) was a late 19th-century Dublin-based forger. An exiled Bohemian glass engraver, he worked in Dublin in the studios of the Pugh Brothers (Thomas and Richard Pugh) at The Potters Alley Glass Works, the only manufacturers of flint-glass in Ireland. Tieze had been recruited, with other Bohemian glass engravers, by the Pugh Brothers and he arrived in Dublin in 1865 to engrave glass in the 'antique style'.
Cork historian Robert Day and Franz Tieze collaborated in supplying goblets to a ready market of glass collectors. Day researched Irish Volunteer glass designs and Jacobite toasting glasses. Tieze's engraving skills allowed the work to be categorised as "historicist". Thomas Rohan, in his "Confessions of a Dealer" (London, 1924), noted the flood of Volunteer and Williamite glasses in Dublin. An example of Tieze's work is the "Charlemont Jug", regarded as genuine until scrutinised firstly by Mary Boydell and then by Peter Francis, a modern Irish researcher who found compelling evidence in Tieze's own notebooks, showing that the age and style of the engraving had been faked, circa 1900. It was subsequently acquired by the National Museum of Ireland. 
Francis' revelations appeared in the "Burlington Magazine" in 1994. It was disclosed that almost without exception every single glass piece supposedly engraved in support of the Irish Volunteer regiments of the late 18th century was the work of Franz Tieze. The glass was from the period it purported to be, while the engraving was carried out much later. 
While Tieze's ability to have produced 'period' glassware is undeniable, he did not profit substantially from his activities. Tieze was admitted to Simpson's Hospital in Dublin in 1910. Hospital records indicate that he spent his final 22 years there and that he had been blind when admitted. This conflicts with evidence unearthed by Boydell and Francis, which shows that Tieze had been engraving pieces "after 1913 and possibly as late as 1918".
Initially the researchers investigated only Williamite glass, which supposedly was made to celebrate the victory of William of Orange (1689–1702) over the Stuarts. It was found that much of this glass was 19th-century, and some the work of Tieze who had supplied the pieces to Orange Order lodges. It was noticed that some of the individuals who had promoted Volunteer and Williamite glass had also featured in the promotion of Jacobite glass. Major museums in Ireland and England, including the Victoria & Albert and the Museum of London, took a closer look at their collections and re-attributed the offending items. It soon became evident that dealers, collectors, and museums had not been as scrupulous as they might have in checking the provenance of the 18th-century commemorative glass in their collections.

</doc>
<doc id="20568286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568286" title="A-One (band)">
A-One (band)

A-One is a mandopop group created in 2008 under the label Hong Kong Kiss-star entertainment Beijing company (香港Kiss Star娱乐北京有限公司).
Names.
A number of names have been used for this group. 
Career.
Originally Gillian Chung was scheduled to be a performer at the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony. But due to the Edison Chen photo scandal, director Zhang Yimou had replaced Twins with A-One. A-One did not make their international debut on August 8 as part of the ceremony.
After 2 years of training the group debuted after Hunan Satellite TV show Happy camp (快乐大本营).
Members.
The group members are counted as 3+x where the most popular 3 members are in the group. Sometimes it may have 5 or more members. There had been 10 members in total. The official website describe this fan selection style as democratic (民主) for the 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="20568291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568291" title="Puerta de Bisagra Nueva">
Puerta de Bisagra Nueva

The Puerta de Bisagra Nueva ("The New Bisagra Gate") is the best known city gate of Toledo, Spain. 
The gate is of Moorish origin, but the main part was built in 1559 by Alonso de Covarrubias. It carries the coat of arms of the emperor Charles V. It superseded the Puerta Bisagra Antigua as the main entrance to the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20568301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568301" title="Forbidden Corner">
Forbidden Corner

The Forbidden Corner is a folly-filled garden open to the public in the grounds of the Tupgill Park Estate near Leyburn in North Yorkshire, England
History.
Developed in the 1980s by Colin Armstrong, the owner of Tupgill Park, in association with the architect Malcolm Tempest the gardens were originally conceived as a private pleasure garden. They were subsequently expanded and opened to the public. The gardens were built and opened without the necessary planning permission and were threatened with closure by the Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority in 2001, a decision that was overturned on appeal. The gardens are now a very successful and popular attraction, and have been voted the best European folly of the 20th century by the Folly Fellowship and best children's attraction in Yorkshire.
Description.
The Forbidden Corner consists of a number of follies, woodlands, walled gardens, tunnels and grottoes furnished with statues, installations and other works of art, architecture, animated models and various oddities largely drawn from the European classical tradition, along with particular fancies of the proprietor and architect. As a whole these are arranged to create a maze for the visitor to explore. No map of the gardens is provided. There is instead an illustrated checklist of items to be found, completion of which will confirm complete exploration of the gardens. 
Admission is by pre-booked tickets only. 

</doc>
<doc id="20568322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568322" title="OK Bear">
OK Bear

OK Bear is the title of the fifth release by Sunny Day Real Estate frontman Jeremy Enigk. The album was recorded outside Barcelona during the year 2008.
Enigk has stated that the title of the album comes from a phrase he accidentally said while stringing together what he thought were nonexistent Spanish words.
The album marks a return to a heavier rock sound of Sunny Day Real Estate.
"OK Bear" has a relatively stripped-down rock aesthetic compared to the orchestral nature of his previous two solo albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20568328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568328" title="Hilde Zaloscer">
Hilde Zaloscer

Prof. Dr. Hilde (Hildegard) Zaloscer (Zaloszer) (1903 Banja Luka, Bosnia & Herzegovina – 1999 Vienna, Austria) was an art historian, Egyptologist, Coptologist, essayist, novelist and a prominent expert of Coptic history and art.
Biography.
Zaloscer was born in Tuzla, Bosnia Herzegovina (then Austria-Hungary), the eldest daughter of the affluent Jewish lawyer and state-official Dr. Jacob and his wife Bertha (née Kallach). Since her father was a state official and a known Austrian monarchist, the family had to flee to Vienna when the Austrian monarchy collapsed, at the end of the First World War (1918). Her family settled in Vienna where she finished her secondary education and studied art history and prehistory at the Vienna University (Ph.D. 1926, her dissertation being „Die frühmittelalterliche Dreistreifenornamentik der Mittelmeerrandgebiete mit besonderer Berücksichtigung der Denkmäler am Balkan“).
From 1927 to 1936, Zaloscer was the editor of the art magazine "Belvedere", and corresponded with Thomas Mann. Due to the rise of anti-Semitism in Vienna she emigrated to Egypt in 1936.
Between 1946 and 1968, Zaloscer was a professor of art history at the University of Alexandria where she became a prominent and world renowned expert on Coptic art.
After the Six Day War (1967), she was expelled from Egypt since she was Jewish. She lived temporarily in Vienna from 1968 to 1970 and, in the following two years, Zaloscer was a professor at the Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada, before returning to Vienna.
From 1975 to 1978, she was a lecturer at the University of Vienna. Zaloscer was a prolific essayist and writer and among others was an editor of the "Encyclopedia Coptica".

</doc>
<doc id="20568329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568329" title="Leopold von Schroeder">
Leopold von Schroeder

Leopold von Schroeder (December 24, 1851, Tartu - February 8, 1920, Vienna) was a German Indologist.
Having worked as lecturer in Indology since 1882, then as an assistant professor since 1890, he became professor in Innsbruck in 1896, and, eventually, in Vienna from 1899 on. Among his notable achievements is the translation of the Bhagavadgita from Sanskrit to German. He was also engaged in scientific studies of legends and myths.

</doc>
<doc id="20568333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568333" title="Terry Bross">
Terry Bross

Terrence Paul "Terry" Bross (born March 30, 1966) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He bats and throws right-handed.
Bross attended St. John's University. A two-sport star, Bross was the starting center for the school's legendary basketball team. He helped the St. John’s Hoopsters to a Big East championship and a Final Four appearance. On the baseball field, Bross anchored the team’s pitching staff and helped lead his team to another Big East championship on the diamond.
Bross was drafted by the New York Mets in the 13th round of the 1987 amateur draft. He was signed June 10, 1987. He moved quickly through the Mets system, setting a saves record at AA Jackson. Bross ultimately pitched out of the Mets bullpen in as well as for the San Francisco Giants in . His final career numbers are having a 0–0 record and having a 3.00 career ERA. Bross would later go on to play in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Yakult Swallows and the Seibu Lions. Bross threw a no-hitter for the Swallows in September 1995
Bross currently works as an Arizona-based sports agent with Gaylord Sports Management. His clients include Bill Hall, Bronson Arroyo, Dan Uggla and Brian Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="20568336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568336" title="William Gaehler">
William Gaehler

William Gaehler (February 15, 1896 – October 21, 1944) was an American canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in New York City and died in Bronx, New York
In 1936 he and his partner William Lofgren finished seventh in the K-2 10000 metres competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20568337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568337" title="Hiroshi Kichise">
Hiroshi Kichise

Kichise previously played for Consadole Sapporo and Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20568338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568338" title="Justice Leak">
Justice Leak

Justice Adam Leak (born September 1, 1979) is an American film, television and stage actor best known for his portrayal of Harland Osbourne in the 2007 film "The Great Debaters".
Biography.
Early life.
Leak was born and raised in Montgomery, Alabama by parents George, a police officer, and Doris, a middle school teacher. He attended Montgomery's Jefferson Davis High School and says he was very shy until he was chosen to lead the school's marching band as a drum major, which he cites as being "the beginning point for coming out of [his shell". He studied at a Texas university, but later transferred to Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama to study mass communication; when the communications program became low on funding, he changed his major to theatre arts. At Auburn's drama department, he was helping a student practicing her lines for an audition for "The Crucible" when the stage director approached Leak and told him that he should audition himself as he would suit one of the lead roles. He won the university's "Best Actor" award and was nominated for two Irene Ryan Awards for his numerous performances.
Career.
After obtaining his degree from Auburn University, Leak relocated to Atlanta, Georgia. He was signed to an agency which landed him a number of roles in commercials (such as for Verizon Wireless), television shows and independent films. He appeared in films such as "", "The Cure" and "Watermelon Honey", and television shows such as "K-Ville", "Moonlight" and "Women's Murder Club", which he described as his "training ground" for becoming a professional actor. His agent sent Leak's résumé to the producers of "The Great Debaters". When he met Denzel Washington, the director and also an actor in "The Great Debaters", in a follow-up callback audition, Leak says "It was one of those moments. I knew my life was about to change." He was given the role of Harland Osbourne, the Harvard University liaison who receives the Wiley College debate team. When he accepted the role in May 2007, he ended his acting stint on Atlanta's longest-running play, "Peachtree Battle".
Leak appears in the 2008 film "Balancing the Books", and stars in the 2012 film "Implanted", which he completed before "The Great Debaters" and which he is most proud of.
Personal life.
Leak and his older sister Liberty were named for their father's love of the criminal justice system. He is trained in ballet, jazz dance, videography and drum-playing.

</doc>
<doc id="20568342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568342" title="Cecil's Mill Historic District">
Cecil's Mill Historic District

Cecil's Mill Historic District is a national historic district in Great Mills, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It consists of four buildings: Cecil's Mill, Cecil Store, the Cecil Home, and Old Holy Face Church. Cecil's Mill is a -story wood-framed structure, that was used until 1959. Across from the mill is the store, house, and Holy Face Church. The store was constructed in the 1920s and is a good example of a rural store. The Cecil Home was constructed in the late 19th century. Old Holy Face Church is a -story frame church that was abandoned in the 1940s.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20568349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568349" title="William Lofgren">
William Lofgren

William Lofgren (February 14, 1913 – June 11, 2004) was an American canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Brooklyn, New York and died in Phoenix, Arizona
In 1936 he and his partner William Gaehler finished seventh in the K-2 10000 metres competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20568351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568351" title="Macedonia women's national handball team">
Macedonia women's national handball team

The Macedonia women's national handball team is the women's national handball team of the Republic of Macedonia. It is governed by the Macedonian Handball Federation and takes part in international team handball competitions. The current head coach is Risto Magdinčev and the team's captain is Tanja Andrejeva.
Results.
Olympic Games.
As part of SFR Yugoslavia
As Republic of Macedonia
World Championship.
As part of SFR Yugoslavia
As Republic of Macedonia
Team.
Current squad.
The following players have been called up for the 2012 European Women's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Risto Magdinčev

</doc>
<doc id="20568362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568362" title="GCE Advanced Level (United Kingdom)">
GCE Advanced Level (United Kingdom)

The General Certificate of Education (GCE) Advanced Level, or A level, is a secondary school leaving qualification in the United Kingdom, offered as a main qualification in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland, as an alternative qualification in Scotland, and as an international school qualification worldwide.
A-levels require studying an offered A level subject over a two-year period and sitting for an examination at the end of each year (AS and A2, respectively), proctored by an official assessment body. Most students study three or four A-level subjects simultaneously during Year 12 and Year 13 (ages 16–18), either in a secondary education institution or in a Sixth Form College, as part of their further education. 
A-levels are recognised by many universities as the standard for assessing the suitability of applicants for admission in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland, and many such universities base their conditional admissions offers on a student's predicted A-level grades.
Curriculum.
The A-level from 1951 to 2000.
Between 1918 and 1951, the main qualification for school leavers was the Higher School Certificate. This qualification required students to study a range of subjects. By 1953, because it had become apparent that some students were failing the qualification because of weakness in a single area, the decision was taken to develop examinations that assessed students in single subjects. Thus was born the A Level (Advanced Level) examinations, which could be taken on a subject-by-subject basis, according to the strengths and interests of the student.
The A Level at first was graded as simply pass or fail (although students were given an indication of their marks, to the nearest 5%) but by 1963 rising numbers of students taking the exam made it clear that there needed to be more differentiation of achievement. Letters were therefore introduced to award specific grades of pass to students. The grades were norm-referenced and awarded as follows:
Candidates whose marks fell between the 10th and 30th percentiles were awarded an Ordinary Level pass which indicated a performance equivalent to at least a grade C at GCE Ordinary Level.
The validity of this system was questioned in the 1980s because, rather than reflecting a standard, it was simply maintaining a specific proportion of candidates at each grade. During the 40-year period from 1955 to 1995, the percentage of students staying on at school had gone from 13% to 72%, so using fixed percentages of a cohort to establish a standard was becoming less viable.
In 1987, a new system that fixed specific criteria for grades B and E, and then divided out the other grades according to fixed percentages, was introduced. Rather than awarding an Ordinary Level for the lowest pass, a new "N" (for Nearly passed) was introduced. In 1988, GCSE examinations were also introduced replacing the O levels. Criticisms of A level grading continued, and when Curriculum 2000 was introduced, the decision was made to have specific criteria for each grade, and the 'N' grade was abolished. In 2003, a UK parliamentary enquiry heard that the A level grading at that time was neither norm-referenced nor criterion referenced, but rather shared elements of the two and so should be thought of as 'a soft criterion referencing.'
The evolution of A level from a two-year linear course with an exam at the end, to a modular course took place gradually between the late 80s and 2000. By the year 2000 there was a strong educational reason to standardise the exam and offer greater breadth to students through modules and there was also a pragmatic case based on the inefficiency of linear courses where up to 30% of students were failing to complete or pass.
Curriculum 2000.
Following the introduction of Curriculum 2000 in September 2000 (with the first AS-level examinations held in January 2001 and A2 examinations the following year), an A-level now consists of four (or six for natural sciences) modules studied over two years. Normally, two modules are assessed in the first year, and make up a stand-alone qualification called the "AS-level" (or Advanced Subsidiary level, not to be confused with an older AS-level, the Advanced Supplementary level). Another two modules are assessed at the end of the second year, which make up the "A2". A2 modules do not form a qualification in their own right; the satisfactory completion of the AS and A2 modules in the same subject is required to constitute a complete A-level. Modules are assessed by exam papers marked by national organisations and internally assessed coursework.
The introduction of the new GCE Applied A-level suite, taken from the old VCE A-levels, generally has a more vocational twist. For example, the new GCE A-level in Applied Business combines the traditional theory-based subject 'Business Studies' (which can be studied as an A-level itself) and adds a more practical and hands-on approach to it. In this case, for the mandatory modules in the AS year, the candidate is expected to create a simulated Marketing Proposal (module 1) and Recruitment and motivational package (module 2) as opposed to just studying the processes. This essentially asks the candidate to show a more thorough insight by actually applying the theory. Given that many universities have shown a dislike of vocational subjects as opposed to the traditional ones, their reaction to the new applied suite remains to be seen. However, considering the subject is now much broader and more "student-friendly" it is hoped that universities will see that this subject is no less than the traditional Business Studies given that the traditional aspect of the subject is not fully lost. The new GCE Applied A-levels are available in: Art and Design, ICT, Business, Science, and Health and Social care.
Subjects offered.
A wide variety of subjects are offered at A-level by the 5 exam boards. Although exam boards regularly alter their curricula, this table shows the majority of subjects which are consistently available for study.
Process.
Studying.
The number of A-level exams taken by students can vary. A typical route in the state sector (in which around 90% of students are educated) is to study four subjects at AS level and then drop down to three at A2 level, although some students continue with their fourth subject. Three is usually the minimum number of A-levels required for university entrance, with some universities specifying the need for a fourth AS subject. There is no limit on the number of A-levels one can study (except in Singapore, where students are restricted to 12 "academic units" and private candidates are also limited in their number of subjects), and a number of students take five or more A-levels. It is permissible to take A-levels in languages one already speaks fluently, or courses with overlapping content, even if not always fully recognised by universities. General Studies and Critical Thinking, which require a grasp of basic political ideas and current affairs in order to write essays rather than specific learning, sometimes augment a student's batch of qualifications.
While many universities do not consider an A-level in General Studies to be a stand-alone subject (and thus is not accepted as part of an offer), it may affect the offer which a student receives. For example, a student of Mathematics, Physics and Computing might receive an offer of B-B-C for a Physics degree, whereas one also taking General Studies might receive B-C-C.
Unlike A-level General Studies, Critical Thinking, which aims to improve student's analytical skills, has generally received a more positive reception from universities. Unlike General Studies, it is often given a UCAS Tariff score, and some university admissions tutors see it as an advantage when applying for competitive courses.
The A-level has been criticised for providing less breadth since many A-level students do not generally study more than three subjects in their final year. A major part of this criticism is that, while a three- or four-subject curriculum can be balanced across the spectrum (e.g., students may choose one science subject, a language subject, and a "creative" subject like Music), in many cases students choose three closely linked subjects, for instance, Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry or Sociology, Psychology, and Politics. This is in part due to university entrance requirements, which, for degree programs such as medicine, may require three related A-level subjects, but non-traditional combinations are becoming more common ("British Council Australia Education UK"). Thus, while the purpose of Curriculum 2000 was to encourage students to undertake contrasting subjects, to broaden their 'skill-base', there is a tendency to pursue similar disciplines. However, others disagree, arguing that the additional AS-level(s) studied would already have provided more breadth compared with the old system.
Grading and international comparisons.
The passing grades for A-levels are A*, A, B, C, D and E. The A* grade was introduced in September 2008 for higher education entry in 2010, and is awarded to candidates who achieve an A in their overall A-level, with a score of at least 90% at A2. There is no A* grade at AS or unit level. In Mathematics and Further Mathematics the A* grade is slightly more complex and can vary with some exam boards.
According to UCAS and HKEAA, the Hong Kong A-level examination has historically been benchmarked against the UK A-levels. In general, a UK A grade is broadly equivalent to a Hong Kong A-C grade. This conclusion is based mainly on the percentage of pupils achieving the respective grades in respective exams. In the UK, on average 25% of participants of each subject achieved an A grade every year, compared to the 25% A-C rate in Hong Kong – A(4%), A-B (10%), A-C (25%). According to the BBC, the percentage of students achieving an A* is about 8–10%, which essentially lies within the A-B range of their Hong Kong counterparts in respective subjects.
Comparison between UK A-levels and the Hong Kong A-levels
Examination boards.
A-level examinations are administered through a series of examination boards. These are the 5 GCE Examining Groups and Boards. These were originally based on the major UK universities but have over the last 50 years merged into five organisations: AQA, OCR, Edexcel, WJEC and CCEA. Additionally, there are two examination boards offering the British A level qualifications internationally: Edexcel and the CIE. OCR and CIE are both branches of the parent organization, Cambridge Assessment. In the UK it is customary for schools to register with multiple examination boards and to "mix and match" A-levels to get a combined curriculum that fits the school profile.
Usage.
United Kingdom.
A-levels are part of the Further Education process in the United Kingdom. A-levels can also be studied by students in Years 12 and 13 in a Sixth Form institution, as part of secondary school. This is an integrated part of a Secondary Education institution in many areas of the country, while others have separate Sixth Form Colleges – this is normally done as a direct continuation of the secondary education process and hence most students study for the qualification from ages 16 to 18. Students require at least 5 A*-C GCSE Grades, including English and Mathematics to meet the pre-requisite to start A-levels.
Scotland.
A-levels are offered as an alternate qualification by a small number of educational institutions in Scotland, in place of the standard Scottish Higher, and the Advanced Higher levels of the Scottish Qualifications Certificate. The schools that offer A-levels are mainly private fee-paying schools particularly for students wishing to attend university in England.
International schools.
Many international schools choose to use the British system for their wide recognition. Furthermore, students may choose to sit the papers of British examination bodies at education centres around the world, such as those belonging to the British Council. According to the British Council, A-levels are similar to the American Advanced Placements which are themselves equivalent to first year courses of America's four-year bachelor degrees.
University admissions.
Because A-level students often apply to universities before they have taken their final exams, British universities (including Scottish universities, which receive many applicants taking A-levels) consider predicted A-level results when deciding whether applicants should be offered places. Unless the admission offer is guaranteed, without regard to actual official marks eventually achieved by the student, these conditional "offers" to students typically become void should the student fail to achieve the marks expected by the university (for example, conditional offer of three A-levels at grades B-B-C). Universities may specify which subjects they wish these grades to be in (for example, conditional offer of grades A-A-B with a grade A in Mathematics). However, universities may be flexible if a student narrowly missed the required grades.
A-level grades are also sometimes converted into numerical scores, notably through the UCAS university admission system. For example, under the UCAS system, an A* grade at A-level is worth 140 points, while an A is worth 120, a B is worth 100, a C is worth 80, a D is 60, and a E is worth 40; so a university may instead demand that an applicant achieve 280 points, instead of the equivalent offer of B-B-C. This allows greater flexibility to students, as 280 points could also, for example, be achieved through the combination A-B-D, which would not have met the requirements of a B-B-C offer because of the D grade.
Depending on the specific offer made, a combination of more than 3 subjects (typically 4 or 5) with lower grades, or points from non-academic input such as higher level music grades or a Key Skills course, may also be accepted by the university. The text of the offer determines whether this flexibility is available – "280 UCAS Points" likely would, while "280 UCAS Points from three A-level subjects" would not.
International variants.
There are currently two examination boards which provide an international variant of the United Kingdom A level examinations to international students. These are Cambridge International Examinations (CIE) and Edexcel. International A-Level is widely available worldwide, with more than 125 countries providing the programme with 60 different choices of subjects.
Unlike the current modular system implemented in the UK, the CIE A-Level, or more commonly known as the Cambridge A level, practises a terminal-examination system. Students are required to sit for two major exams, AS and A2, at the end of each academic year. Each of the major exams carries the weightage of 50 percent to form a complete A-Level. However, Edexcel A level students will be sitting the same paper as the students in UK concurrently.
Additionally, countries outside of the United Kingdom have established academic qualifications with the same or similar name, and with a similar format, to the United Kingdom A levels. However, these qualifications may be distinct in certain ways from those offered in the United Kingdom.
Criticism and controversy.
Grade inflation.
The most common criticism of the A-level system is an accusation of grade inflation. The Press have noted the steady rise in average grades for 29 consecutive years and drawn the conclusion that A-levels are becoming consistently easier. In a 2007 report Robert Coe compared students scores in the ALIS ability test with equivalent grades achieved in A level exams between 1988 and 2006. He found that students of similar ability were achieving on average about 2 grades higher in 2006 than they were in 1988. In the case of maths it was nearer to 3.5 grades higher.
The government and teaching bodies maintain that the improved grades represent higher levels of achievement due to improved and more experienced teaching methods, but some educationalists and journalists argue that the change is due to grade inflation and the examinations getting easier. It has been suggested that government pressure on schools to achieve high examination results has led them to coach students to pass the examination rather than understand the subject. As the cost to an examination board of changing a subject's syllabus is high they are reluctant to do so, which leads to a lengthy period over which exam questions are similar, allowing targeted teaching to anticipate the questions. In 2000 the A-level system was changed to examine students at the end of each of the two years of A-level study, rather than only at the end of the two years. The results of the first year (AS-level) examinations has allowed students to drop subjects they find difficult after one year and to retake examinations to achieve a higher grade. The ability of unlimited resits, with the best mark going through, has improved results. Some believe that students are tending to select "easier" subjects instead of "harder" ones in order to achieve higher grades.
Universities in Britain have complained that the increasing number of "A" grades awarded makes it hard to distinguish between students at the upper end of the ability spectrum. The "C" grade was originally intended to represent the average ability, and students typically required 60% or higher across all assessments to attain it; however, the average result is now at the lower end of the "B" grade. Many universities have introduced their own entrance tests such as the BMAT and LNAT for specific courses or conduct interviews to select applicants. In 2005, the head of admissions at the University of Cambridge outlined changes he believed should be made to the current system, particularly the use of the Advanced Extension Awards, a more challenging qualification based on the more advanced content of the A-level syllabus. More universities have wanted to see applicants' individual module results to see how comfortably they have achieved their result. There are fears that the A-level may not offer an accurate test of ability, nor will it be a good prediction of future academic success.
Grade fixing.
Concern over A-level grading became national news in September 2002. "The Observer" ran a story making claims that A level results had been fixed. It was alleged that students had been given lower marks than they deserved in order to fix overall results, making the pass rate seem lower than it really should have been and so disproving that A levels were becoming too easy. This resulted in the Tomlinson Inquiry. As a result, some papers were re-marked but only 1,220 A level and 733 AS-level students saw an improvement to their results.
Reformations.
In response to concerns shown by employers and universities that it is not possible to distinguish between the large number of students achieving A grades, and in order to mirror the current GCSE standards, a debate arose in 2004 as to whether a new, higher "super A" grade (like the A* grade at GCSE) should be attainable. As will be seen in 2010, it was generally agreed that bringing in higher grades would be a much better idea than raising the grade boundaries to keep the standards consistent, and it has been proposed that on top of the A, an A* grade should be attainable at A level in order to stretch the most able students while still allowing others to achieve the grades they deserve. The Advanced Extension Award has been increasingly used to serve this purpose. From A2 exams sat in 2010, the highest A level grade will be A*, requiring an A grade overall and 90% overall average UMS in A2 papers.
The September 2004 reformation of the Mathematics syllabus, following calls that it was too hard, has attracted criticism for allegedly being made easier. In the change, content consisting of three modules (Pure 1–3) were spread to four modules (Core 1–4). It is alleged that this makes the course easier as students do less work for the same qualifications. Further reforms to make the Mathematics syllabus more popular have been met with mixed opinions. Supporters cite it will reverse the downward trend in students taking the subject whilst others are concerned that the subject is being "still incredibly difficult".
Despite ongoing work to improve the image of A-levels in the business community, there are a number of business leaders are beginning to express concern about the suitability of the qualification for school leavers and to urge the adoption of the International Baccalaureate in the UK instead. During 2009 concerns were raised by Sir Mike Rake, Chairman of BT Group, Sir Terry Leahy, Chairman of Tesco and by Sir Christopher Gent, Chairman of GlaxoSmithKline. Some schools have also moved to offering the Cambridge Pre-U as an alternative to A-levels and with higher tariffs.
Burden of assessment.
With increased modularisation of subjects, the amount of time that young adults are spending being examined in the UK has risen considerably. It was estimated in a report in 2010 that by the age of 19 children will have spent an entire year of their school education being assessed. As a result of such criticisms about the "burden of assessment", since September 2008 candidates have taken four papers for most A-levels, instead of six. This means that there are two modules for AS and two more for A2 for the majority of A levels. However, this will not be the case for all A levels: Biology, Human Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Electronics, Geology, Music, Welsh and Science will continue with six units, three units for AS and A2 respectively, and 600 UMS for the A level. Mathematics (including Further Mathematics, Additional Further Mathematics, Statistics, and the Use of Mathematics AS), will not change structurally in the 2008 reform; it will stay on 600 UMS (300 UMS for AS), but it will include the new A* grade and the 'Stretch and Challenge' provision. Also, Bengali, Modern Hebrew, Panjabi, Polish, Arabic, Japanese, Modern Greek, Biblical Hebrew, Dutch, Gujarati, Persian, Portuguese, and Turkish will remain at two units, one for AS and one for A2. However they will move to 200 UMS for A level. Chinese will also move to 200 UMS, but instead of two units, it will move to three units: AS will have two units, A2 will have one. It is the first A level to have an odd number of units since Curriculum 2000.
Cambridge University has warned that it is extremely unlikely that it will accept applicants who are taking two or more supposedly 'softer' A level subjects out of 3. It has outlined a list of subjects it considers to be 'unsuitable', which includes Accounting, Design and Technology, Film Studies, Information and Communication Technology, Media Studies, Photography, and Sports studies.
As a result of dislike of the modular system, many schools now offer the alternative International Baccalaureate Diploma qualification. The course offers more subjects, extracurricular activity, a philosophical epistemological component known as "Theory of Knowledge", as well as the requirement of an extended essay on any subject of a candidate's choice. Unlike the current AS/A2 system, the International Baccalaureate is not based on a modular system. The Diploma Programme, administered by the International Baccalaureate, is a recognised pre-university educational programme.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair recently suggested that one state school in every county should offer the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme as an alternative to A levels.
Predicted grading.
A possible reformation would be something called the post-qualifications applications system (PQA), where applicants apply to university after they receive their results. It has been argued that this would be fairer to applicants, especially those from lower-income families whose results were thought to be under-predicted. However, a more recent UCAS report shows that although the reliability of predicted grades declines in step with family income, this can still lead to an over-prediction effect for lower income groups. Just 45% of predicted grades are accurate – 47% are over-predictions and 9% under-predictions. A recent UCAS consultation rejected the implementation of PQA following opposition from universities, schools and awarding bodies.
Replacement proposals.
Universities in the United Kingdom frequently demand that applicants achieve a minimum set of grades in A-level examinations, or the equivalent in other examination systems, before accepting them. While the UK government originally rejected plans to introduce an English Baccalaureate modelled on the International Baccalaureate, the Welsh Government introduced a Welsh Baccalaureate in Wales, and an English equivalent is being developed.

</doc>
<doc id="20568365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568365" title="ENTel">
ENTel

The Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones (National Telecommunications Enterprise, or ENTel) was an Argentine state owned company which had the monopoly on public telecommunications in the country until its privatization in 1990. 
Overview.
It was originally set-up in 1948 during the government of President Juan Perón, nationalizing all the assets and services of the private companies that had operated Argentina's telephone services until that point.
On creation, the unit was originally known as Teléfonos del Estado (State Telephones). In 1957, this was changed to ENTel, the name it retained until its dissolution, apart from a brief interval in 1960, when it was known as the Empresa Nacional de Teléfonos (National Telephone Company).
ENTel oversaw an expansion and modernisation of the country's telecommunications, but with arrival of the military dictatorship of 1976-83 began a period of stagnation which had an adverse effect on the quality of service and on waiting lists for service and repairs. The Raúl Alfonsín administration attempted to modernize and expand service at ENTel with the Megatel plan, though the effort was ultimately hampered by the company's financial difficulties, which included losses of half a million dollars daily, and debts of over US$370 million. 
Access to telephone service in Argentina remained low in comparison with nations of similar income level, with around 3.5 million lines for 8.5 million households, as well as antiquated, as seven out of eight units were rotary phones. The company, in 1990, was among the first proposed for privatization during the government of President Carlos Menem.
Privatisation.
ENTel was privatised by being split into two companies: "Sociedad Licenciataria Norte S.A." and "Sociedad Licenciataria Sur S.A.". These, in turn, were sold to France Télécom and Telefónica de España (both State enterprises themselves, at the time) during a 1990 bidding process presided over by Menem's appointed receiver, María Julia Alsogaray. Upon their transfer, these entities became known as Telecom Argentina and Telefónica de Argentina, respectively. The total value of the sale reached US$7.3 billion, and included the retirement of US$5 billion in foreign debt.
Purchasing a divided national phone market along roughly equal sides of a north-south line, each company was given an initial, 7 year monopoly beginning November 8, 1990. At the same time, other companies were given exclusive licences for international long distance, telex and cellular phone service. ENTel remained in existence for a number of years as a residuary body, running off existing contracts and completing the details of its sale.

</doc>
<doc id="20568375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568375" title="Charlotte Hall Historic District">
Charlotte Hall Historic District

Charlotte Hall Historic District is a national historic district in Charlotte Hall, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It encompasses a small village along "Old Route 5." It includes 13 recorded buildings and sites of historic and/or architectural interest as well as the main campus of the Charlotte Hall Military Academy.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20568377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568377" title="David Pryde">
David Pryde

David Pryde (born 10 November 1913 – 1987) was a Scottish association football player.
Born in Newtongrange, Pryde started out as an amateur at Margate, before being signed by Margate's "parent" club, Arsenal, in May 1935. He was immediately loaned back out to Margate for another two seasons, before returning to Arsenal and taking his place in the club's reserve side as wing half. He made his first-team debut in a First Division match against Sunderland on 4 February 1939, a game Arsenal won 2-0. He went on to make four appearances that season, but like many footballers of his generation, his career was interrupted by World War II.
During the War he served with the Royal Air Force in India and Burma, while occasionally playing wartime matches for Arsenal (making 23 appearances in total, which are not officially counted). By the time official football had resumed in 1946-47, Pryde was 32, and he left Arsenal in October 1946 with just four pre-war league appearances to his name. He moved to Torquay United and spent four seasons there, making 64 league appearances, before retiring in 1950. He died in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20568389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568389" title="Ganze Constituency">
Ganze Constituency

Ganze Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Kilifi Sub-county, Kilifi County. The constituency has nine wards, all electing councillors for the Kilifi County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20568390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568390" title="Charles Brahm">
Charles Brahm

Charles Brahm (born 25 July 1917) is a Belgian canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he and his partner Clement Spiette finished ninth in the K-2 10000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20568392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568392" title="Ministry of Business Affairs (Iceland)">
Ministry of Business Affairs (Iceland)

The Icelandic Ministry of Business Affairs (Icelandic: '), also translated as the Ministry of Commerce or Ministry of Trade, is a government ministry established on 24 May 2007, when it was split off from the Ministry of Industry and Commerce. The ministry is responsible for company law, competition law, financial services, insurance and trade (both domestic and internal).
Its first minister was Björgvin G. Sigurðsson of the Social Democratic Alliance. He tendered his resignation to the Prime Minister Geir H. Haarde on 25 January 2009 to take partial responsibility for the 2008–2012 Icelandic financial crisis. Björgvin was replaced on 1 February by Gylfi Magnússon, a professor of economics at the University of Iceland without party political affiliation.

</doc>
<doc id="20568400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568400" title="Clement Spiette">
Clement Spiette

Clement Spiette (born 24 September 1916) is a Belgian canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he and his partner Charles Brahm finished ninth in the K-2 10000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20568408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568408" title="Armand Pagnoulle">
Armand Pagnoulle

Armand Pagnoulle (born 2 May 1901, date of death unknown) was a Belgian canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he and his partner Charles Pasquier finished eighth in the folding K-2 10000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20568411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568411" title="John Robertson (Nova Scotia politician)">
John Robertson (Nova Scotia politician)

John Robertson (1784 – August 1872) was a sailor, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1820 to 1826.
He was the son of William Robertson and Sarah Timpany. He went to sea at a young age. Robertson married Bethiah Davoue, the daughter of Frederick Davoue (Devoux). He was involved in the trade with the West Indies. During his term in office, Robertson's business failed and his creditors had him put in jail; the other members of the assembly had him removed from jail so that he could continue to sit in the assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20568421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568421" title="List of films that received the Platinum Film">
List of films that received the Platinum Film

This page is a list of films that received the Platinum Film since its introduction in 2001 by the Netherlands Film Festival and the Netherlands Film Fund. In 2001 and 2002, films from the Netherlands received the award once they had sold 200,000 tickets. From 2003 to date, the Platinum Film is awarded to films from the Netherlands once they have sold 400,000 tickets. This page shows, for both audience criteria, which films received the Platinum Film and how soon they received it after their releases.
In the following tables, the 'year' column contains the years in which the films received the Platinum Film, the '#' column contains the number of the Platinum Film, the 'film title' column contains the titles of the receiving films, the 'film release' column contains the dates on which the films were first released in the cinemas, and the 'Platinum Film' column contains the days when the Netherlands Film Festival and the Netherlands Film Fund announced that the receiving films reached the audience criterion of the Platinum Film.
When a film also received a Diamond Film, this award is listed in the 'other' column. The Diamond Film is awarded for 1,000,000 sold tickets since 2007. This award can be awarded in the same year as the Platinum Film or in a later year.

</doc>
<doc id="20568423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568423" title="St. Francis Xavier Church and Newtown Manor House Historic District">
St. Francis Xavier Church and Newtown Manor House Historic District

St. Francis Xavier Church and Newtown Manor House Historic District is the first county designated historic district in Saint Mary's County, the "Mother County" of Maryland and is located in Compton, Maryland, near the county seat of Leonardtown. The district marks a location and site important in the 17th century ecclesiastical history of Maryland, as an example of a self-contained Jesuit community made self-supporting by the surrounding farm. The two principal historic structures were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Archaeological remains associated with the site date back to the early colonial period, mid-17th century.
Saint Francis Xavier's Church is a frame, rectangular building with two octagonally shaped brick additions, located on a neck of land for accessibility to early worshippers arriving by boat. The center wooden section is understood to be the oldest part of the structure and was dated through dendochronology to circa 1731. The semi-octagonal brick vestibule dates to 1766/1767 and the semi-octagonal sacristy dates to 1816. The church has simple Federal woodwork, a mid-18th-century reredos, and an elegant triple-vaulted ceiling. The altar and reredos are crowned by a small dome. The reredos contains a large altar-portrait of the church's patron painted by the Brother Francis Schroen, S.J. circa 1910. The church building continues to serve as the parish church, for the parish of Saint Francis Xavier, a parish of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington.
Newtown Manor House was originally constructed in 1789. It is a -story brick, five-bay brick house with a pair of interior chimneys at each gable end. The structure originally had a gambrel roof, which was raised and changed to its present shape in 1816. The house, which belongs to the parish, is currently unoccupied.

</doc>
<doc id="20568462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568462" title="Bernard Ouchard">
Bernard Ouchard

Bernard Ouchard ( b. Mirecourt, 1925; d. Vittel, 1979) was a French master bow maker and teacher in the School of Violin and Bowmaking of Mirecourt, France. Considered by some to have been the last historical French master (bow maker). 
Bernard Ouchard was the son of Émile Auguste Ouchard and grandson of Émile Francois Ouchard, both famous bowmakers. Learned his craft from his father and later worked for Vidoudez in Geneva (a violinmaker of international repute). He was asked to return to France and give a new impetus to the revival of the French tradition(s) of bow making. He became the master bowmaker and teacher in the School of Violin and Bowmaking of Mirecourt, France. 
"Bernard, (b. 1925) son of E. A. Ouchard, became his pupil, and worked with Vidoudez in Geneva before being appointed professor of bow making at the Mirecourt school in 1971, giving rise to the New French School which has produced such luminaries as Benoît Rolland, Jean-Francois Raffin and Stephane Thomachot. Most notable of the younger generation include Edwin Clement, Sylvain Bigot, Gilles Nehr and Yannick LeCanu." -Gennady Filimonov

</doc>
<doc id="20568479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568479" title="Ena montana">
Ena montana

Ena montana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in European countries and islands including: [http://www.animalbase.uni-goettingen.de/zooweb/servlet/AnimalBase/home/species?id=1225]
Description.
The weight of the adult live snail is about 208.5±17.3 mg.

</doc>
<doc id="20568480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568480" title="South East Wales">
South East Wales

South East Wales is a loosely-defined region of Wales generally corresponding to the former counties of South Glamorgan, Mid Glamorgan and Gwent. The region is the most highly populated and urbanised area of the country, including two of the largest cities (Cardiff, the capital, and Newport) and a number of Wales' other large towns.
Usage and definition.
The term South East Wales is used by the Welsh Government, the BBC, and various quasi-governmental organisations. 
In the Wales Spatial Plan, South East Wales is defined for statistical purposes as comprising the local authorities of Vale of Glamorgan, Rhondda Cynon Taff, Merthyr Tydfil, Caerphilly, Cardiff, Newport, Blaenau Gwent, Torfaen, Monmouthshire and Bridgend. This area has a population of about 1,430,000 (2007 estimate), just under half the total population of Wales. 
The South East Wales Biodiversity Records Centre definition of South East Wales includes the whole of the ancient counties of Glamorgan and Monmouthshire, an area which has a population of approximately 2 million (2007 estimate).
The Wales Spatial Plan, a national planning policy document revised in 2008, states that the area "largely had a hand and fingers pattern of urban development over the last 150 years, reflecting its major role in the industrial revolution and the rapid expansion of the iron, coal and steel industries initially in the Heads of the Valleys, then within the South Wales Valleys, then on the coastal plain."
The promotion of tourism in South East Wales is the responsibility of Capital Region Tourism, one of four regional tourism partnerships across Wales.
Transport.
The M4 motorway runs east-west through the region, connecting it with South West Wales and London. The A470 road runs north-south from Cardiff towards Mid Wales.
Mainline rail services run through South East Wales on the South Wales Main Line towards Bristol and London. Other national rail services run from Cardiff and Newport to Birmingham and Nottingham on the Gloucester to Newport Line and to Manchester on the Welsh Marches Line. An urban rail network centred on Cardiff operates in the region and is known as Valley Lines.
Cardiff Airport, Wales' only international airport, is located in South East Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20568481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568481" title="Rushcliffe School">
Rushcliffe School

Rushcliffe School (formerly Rushcliffe Comprehensive School) is a secondary school with academy status in the Rushcliffe district of Nottinghamshire and is situated on "Boundary Road" in West Bridgford, one of the most wealthy areas in the county.
History.
It opened in September 1969. The local education area was re-organised and the Rushcliffe Boys' Technical Grammar School and Rushcliffe Girls' Technical Grammar School, both on "Boundary Road" since 1961, merged.
In April 2011, Rushcliffe School adopted Foundation Status. The school became an academy in August 2012.
Admissions.
The school has a specialism in science and is a training school. It admits pupils from eleven to eighteen, but due to its popularity, places are oversubcribed. Pupils from primary schools in Ruddington, West Bridgford, and Edwalton usually go to the school.
Facilities.
The facilities are considered very good compared to most secondary school standards. It has two sports halls, 2 halls (A & B) and a field. On top of this it is situated on the same site as Rushcliffe Leisure Centre giving students access to a swimming pool, gym, and badminton court facilities (These Facilities are used by the public) There is also a new dining hall which the pupils named EATZ. It was opened by Nottingham Forest player Guy Moussi and the mayor of Rushcliffe.
"Boundary Road" on which it is situated connects "Loughborough Road" (A60) to "Melton Road" (A606), and is in the far south of the West Bridgford area. Rushcliffe Leisure Centre is part of the school. Most swimming pools in the Rushcliffe district are jointly run with schools (similar to other districts of Nottinghamshire). The East Midlands Gymnastic and Sports Acrobatics Centre is also part of the leisure centre. The school has eight computer rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="20568484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568484" title="The Shadow of Hate">
The Shadow of Hate

The Shadow of Hate is a 1995 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about racism. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20568493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568493" title="Kaloleni Constituency">
Kaloleni Constituency

Kaloleni Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Kilifi District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20568500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568500" title="Ena (gastropod)">
Ena (gastropod)

Ena is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Ena" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20568511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568511" title="Charles Pasquier">
Charles Pasquier

Charles Simon Pasquier (born 3 June 1914) is a Belgian canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Brussels.
In 1936 he and his partner Armand Pagnoulle finished eighth in the folding K-2 10000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20568516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568516" title="Attack! Attack!">
Attack! Attack!

Attack! Attack! is a Welsh rock band from Caerphilly and Aberdare, formed in 2006. They released their eponymous debut album in 2008, with a second album "The Latest Fashion" released on 27 September 2010 through Hassle Records.
Their third album, "Long Road To Nowhere", was announced for a 1 April 2013 release, and this was later confirmed to be their final release. The band will play a farewell April/May headliner in 2013 then split.
Biography.
They have toured across the UK with other British bands such as The Blackout, Funeral for a Friend, Lostprophets, Kids in Glass Houses and also American bands like New Found Glory and Zebrahead. Neil Starr came from Dopamine to form Attack! Attack! with Ryan Day. Will Davies came from the band Adequate Seven. Ryan Day and Mike Griffiths also played together in Pete's Sake. 
The band finished a co-headlining UK tour with Tonight Is Goodbye during February 2009, with the two bands exchanging the headlining and main support positions every night. They played at the Hevy Music Festival on 1 August 2009 and at Butserfest on 12 September 2009. Their song "You and Me" is featured in the video game "Guitar Hero 5". The band played their first headline tour with support acts Not Advised, Gap Year Riot and Impulse 11.
In 2012, Ryan Day left Attack! Attack! to form a side project with former members of The Next Nine Years, also from South Wales.
On 22 March, 2013, the band announced their decision to split after months of deliberating, stating that they will continue to finish their tour, but, for personal reasons, this will be without Ryan Day and Mike Griffiths.
Neil and Will have gone on to form the band States and Empires with drummer Johno Fisher from the band Evita. The new band will be touring with Zebrahead in October 2013 across Europe before going into the studio to record their debut album.

</doc>
<doc id="20568522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568522" title="Belforest, Alabama">
Belforest, Alabama

Belforest is a small, unincorporated community in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. It is located just east of Daphne. The area provides residents a volunteer fire department and a water system.
The community is part of the Daphne–Fairhope–Foley Micropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20568554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568554" title="Oļegs Maļuhins">
Oļegs Maļuhins

Oļegs Maļuhins (born May 6, 1969) is a former Latvian biathlete.
He retired after the 2006 Turin Olympics, but announced comeback in 2008 stating that in his plans is to qualify for the 2010 Winter Olympics. In fact, in Torino he didn't make the Latvian biathlon team, so he participated in cross-country skiing instead. He was 6th in the 1998 Nagano Olympics 10km sprint. Altogether, he has participated in five Olympic games.
Currently he works as a coach near Daugavpils.

</doc>
<doc id="20568586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568586" title="Helicodonta">
Helicodonta

Helicodonta obvoluta, common name the "cheese snail", is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
The common name is based on the shape of the shell, which is reminiscent of a wheel of cheese.
Species.
Species within the genus "Helicodonta" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20568616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568616" title="Born to be Riled">
Born to be Riled

Born to be Riled is a non-fiction book, first published in 1999, written by British journalist and television presenter Jeremy Clarkson.
In his fifth book "Born to be Riled", Clarkson laments the near-lunacy of drivers that he sees from his car and their lack of control of their vehicles. Among other things, he explains: why Surrey is worse than Wales; how crossing your legs in America can lead to arrest; the reason cable TV salesmen must be punched; and, that divorce can be blamed on the birth of Jesus. He ridicules "raving politicians", "pointless celebrities", "ridiculous 'personalities'" and the Germans, along with "the stupid, the daft and ludicrous" in his comic writing.

</doc>
<doc id="20568623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568623" title="A1 highway (Botswana)">
A1 highway (Botswana)

The A1 highway in Botswana is a road that runs from the Zimbabwean border near Ramokgwebana through Francistown and Gaborone, the capital city of Botswana, to Ramatlabama at the border with South Africa. Crossing the Ramokgwebana River into Zimbabwe, it continues as the A7 to Bulawayo.
On the South African end it continues as the N18 to Mafikeng.
Decisions were made to install a toll point along that road in 2007.
A section of the highway between Phakalane and Gaborone is used for the Gaborone City Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="20568625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568625" title="Alba Fehérvár">
Alba Fehérvár

Alba Fehérvár is a Hungarian professional basketball club based in Székesfehérvár, that currently compete Nemzeti Bajnokság I, the premier division of basketball in Hungary. Founded as the successcor of Székesfehérvári MDSE, they took the Hungarian championship title four times and won the Hungarian cup on three occasions. In addition, Albacomp also were crowned as the Central European Basketball League champions in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20568628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568628" title="Scoreni">
Scoreni

Scoreni is a commune located in Străşeni district, Moldova, composed of a single village, Scoreni. It neighbors the following communities: Cojuşna, Căpriana, from Străşeni, Condriţa, Truşeni, suburbs of Chişinău County (Chişinău), and Străşeni. Scoreni is famous because of its well-developed barrel crafting industry. Scoreni is known as a good starting point for hiking excursions because it is surrounded by woods and various other landscape features.
Public institutions.
The "Universul" public school serves the village exclusively and is attended by over 500 children; around 30 teachers teach there. The school was built in the late 1980s and is still in a good condition, lately benefiting from European funds for complete renovation and installation of a natural gas heating system. The village has 8 shops, a drugstore, a day-care and a consulting clinic, all built in the late 1980s.
The city hall is located in an old Soviet-type building in the center of the village not far from the school, on the main street.

</doc>
<doc id="20568631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568631" title="Kinango Constituency">
Kinango Constituency

Kinango Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Kwale District. The constituency has nine wards, all electing councillors for the Kwale County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.
It is not to be confused with Kinangop Constituency in Nyandarua District.

</doc>
<doc id="20568636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568636" title="William Robertson (Nova Scotia)">
William Robertson (Nova Scotia)

William Robertson was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1808 to 1811.
He was a United Empire Loyalist of Scottish descent and settled at Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia. Robertson was involved in trade with the West Indies. In 1807, he was named agent for Indian affairs. He was elected to the provincial assembly in an 1808 by-election held after Thomas Walker was unseated. Robertson also served as a colonel in the militia.
His son John Robertson also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20568654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568654" title="1966–67 Slovenian Republic League">
1966–67 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20568659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568659" title="Cerro Catedral (Uruguay)">
Cerro Catedral (Uruguay)

Cerro Catedral ("Cathedral Hill"), also known as Cerro Cordillera, is a peak and the highest point of Uruguay, with an altitude of . It is located north of Maldonado Department, in the municipality of Aiguá, in a hill range named Sierra Carapé, which constitutes part of a larger range named Cuchilla Grande. Its name derived from the curious forms of the rocky elevations of its summit, which are very common in the southern part of this country.
History.
Until 1973, Cerro de las Ánimas (formerly known as "Mirador Nacional"), with an elevation of , was considered the highest point of Uruguay. However, in that year, a group of scientists of the "Servicio Geográfico Militar" ("Military Geographic Service") changed the measure of Cerro Catedral.
Geography.
Location and geology.
Sierra Carapé, formed in Precambrian time, crosses the Maldonado Department from west to east and enters the Rocha Department. It constitutes the border between the departments of Lavalleja and Maldonado. Cerro Catedral, or Cerro Cordillera, is situated in the region of Las Cañas, in the 8th Judicial Section and the 9th Police Section of the Maldonado Department. Near Cerro Catedral there are the source of José Ignacio Stream ("Arroyo José Ignacio"), which runs from north to south, and the source of Coronilla Stream ("Arroyo Coronilla"), running to the northwest, which drains into Aiguá.
The hill is situated in an area of the range which its formation is mainly granitic and gneissic.
Vegetation.
In the highest areas of Cerro Catedral, the vegetation practically does not exist, with the sparse appearance of a shrub called Myrtus ugni between the rocks. Above the altitude of , tough grasses, xerophile vegetation, Baccharis articulata and marcela predominate.
Climate.
The climate in this locality is humid subtropical or oceanic (described by the Köppen climate classification as "Cfb"), with mild to warm summers and chilly to cool winters (with frequent frosts). Strong winds are a common occurrence. The precipitation is evenly distributed throughout the year and snowfalls are uncommon.

</doc>
<doc id="20568661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568661" title="2009 Claxton Shield">
2009 Claxton Shield

The 2009 Diamond Anniversary Claxton Shield was the 75-year anniversary of the Claxton Shield and was held from 2 December 2008 to 8 February 2009 and was the Shield's Diamond anniversary. The Perth Heat won the tournament after defeating the New South Wales Patriots 3-2 in the third game of a best of three series.
Overview.
The 2009 Shield series excluded the Australian Provincial baseball team and consisted of four, three game series against each team including a two home, two away and a bye round for each of the teams. On top of this to start off the tournament, there was also a showcase round where each team played each other once. To celebrate the 75th anniversary, the showcase round also hosted a variety of other events such as a Home Run Derby. Teams that competed in the 2009 Claxton Shield were the New South Wales Patriots, Queensland Rams, Perth Heat, Victoria Aces and the South Australia.
The competition served as the primary selection trial for the national team to compete in the 2009 World Baseball Classic.
The first round of the WBC commenced Mexico City on 8 March 2009, a month after the final round.
Teams.
Venues.
The 2009 Claxton Shield will be competed between 5 teams from around Australia in 13 different venues.
Championship series.
The 2009 Claxton Shield finals series will have the top three teams after regular fixtures qualify. The team who finishes first will auto-qualify for the final where they will meet the winner of the 2nd vs 3rd.
Both semi-finals and finals are best of three series.
7 February 2009 at 7.00 pm, Baseball Park.
Perth Heat def. New South Wales Patriots.
Conditions.
Blacktown Baseball Stadium experienced quite warm December summer weather for New South Wales. Although the average maximum temperature is 25 °C (77 °F), most games were above this, with Game 8 of the showcase round between South Australia and Victoria Aces hitting 32 °C (90 °F) during the match.
On 7 December, the temperature dropped to a maximum of 22 °C with a strong breeze over Blacktown as well as clouds, however, no rain fell and the games finished as scheduled.
A large low-pressure system and long periods of rain forced the postponement of both games on 12 December in Altona, Victoria and Canberra. Games the next day were re-scheduled to allow for 7-inning double headers. Game 1 between Queensland Rams and Victoria Aces was relocated to Mildura, Victoria where Game 2 and 3 were also being played.
On 3 January, the New South Wales Patriots vs Queensland Rams second game at Baxter Field, Lismore was delayed during the 6th inning due to a small stint of heavy rain. Drizzle was present throughout the game, but was only delayed for approximately ten minutes.
Fielders Choice Player of the Series.
This is awarded recognition of outstanding individual performances each round of the 2009 Claxton Shield by the Australian Baseball Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="20568666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568666" title="Lake Nineteen">
Lake Nineteen

Lake Nineteen also known as Nineteen Lake, is a lake that is located in south-western Schoolcraft County, Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is east of the county line with Alger and north of the county line with Delta County. Nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake, Mowe Lake, Blue Lake, Corner-Straits Chain of lakes, Ironjaw Lake, Verdant Lake, and Round Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20568667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568667" title="Jai Vilas Mahal">
Jai Vilas Mahal

The Jai Vilas Mahal (or The Jai Vilas Palace) , is a nineteenth-century palace in India. It was established in 1874 by Jayajirao Scindia, the Maharaja of Gwalior and is still the residence of his descendants the former royal Maratha Scindia dynasty. The European architecture of the palace was designed and built by Sir Michael Filose (known as Mukhel Sahib) under the guidance of Jayajirao to welcome Edward VII.
The palace has 400 rooms from which exclusively 40 rooms are transformed into "Jiwaji Rao Scindia Museum". Two belgian chandeliers at Durbar Hall weighing 7 tonnes each are believed to be most gigantic in the world. 
Priyadarshini Raje Scindia is the patron and trustee of the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20568684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568684" title="Julian Schieber">
Julian Schieber

Julian Schieber (; born 13 February 1989) is a German footballer who plays as striker for the German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund.
Club career.
VfB Stuttgart.
Schieber made his Bundesliga debut in a match at Energie Cottbus on 6 December 2008. On 21 January 2009, he extended his contract at VfB Stuttgart until the summer of 2011.
In February 2009, Schieber played his first international (UEFA Cup) match for Stuttgart against FC Zenit St. Petersburg. On 15 August 2009, he scored his first Bundesliga goal in the Baden-Württemberg derby against SC Freiburg (final score 4–2). He also scored twice on 26 September 2009 in a match in Frankfurt am Main against Eintracht Frankfurt (final score 3–0).
In July 2010, Schieber was loaned out to 1. FC Nuremberg until the end of the season.
Borussia Dortmund.
In the 2012–13 season, Schieber moved to Borussia Dortmund. On 4 December 2012, he scored his first European goal in a 1–0 win for Dortmund against Manchester City. In April 2013, Schieber scored two goals in a 4–2 win for Dortmund against FC Augsburg.
On 27 July 2013, Schieber won the 2013 DFL-Supercup with Dortmund 4-2 against rivals Bayern Munich.
International career.
Schieber made his debut for the German under-21 team on 4 September 2009, against San Marino, he scored twice in a 6–0 win.

</doc>
<doc id="20568687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568687" title="Beautiful (2008 film)">
Beautiful (2008 film)

Beautiful () is a 2008 South Korean film, and the debut feature of director Juhn Jai-hong. The film is based on an original story by Kim Ki-duk.
Plot.
Eun-yeong is a young woman who finds her beauty to be a curse, drawing unwanted attention from all kinds of men and making other women jealous. Nevertheless, she leads a relatively content life until she is raped by one of her stalkers, Seong-min, who then blames Eun-yeong for the incident, saying, "I did it because you're so beautiful". Traumatised by her attack, Eun-yeong tries to destroy her beauty, first by attempting to become obese, and when that fails by making herself unattractively thin. When her beauty does start to fade, she becomes alarmed and tries to regain it by wearing gaudy make up and revealing clothes, her behaviour increasingly destructive and unstable. A policeman, Eun-cheol, watches her downfall with pity and sympathy, but eventually he too submits to his lustful desires.
Release.
"Beautiful" premiered in the Panorama section of the 58th Berlin International Film Festival, and was given a limited theatrical release in South Korea on February 14, 2008, where it was screened in just five Seoul theaters. As of March 31, 2008, it had received a total of 1,478 admissions, and as of April 13, it grossed .
Awards.
"Beautiful" won the Grand Prix at the 2008 Fukuoka Asian Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20568690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568690" title="Jafotnagar union">
Jafotnagar union

Jafotnagar union () is a union of Fatikchhari Upazila of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of Jafotnagar: 1,562 acres (6.32 km2).
Location.
North: Baktapur union
East: Dharmapur union
South: Kawkhali Upazila
West: Samitirhat union
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Jafotnagar union has a population of 10,390 and house units 1857.
Educational institutions.
Latif-Rahaman High School
Jahanpur Amzad Ali Abdul Hadi Institution
Isapur BMC Degree College
Shamsul Ulum Madrasha
Fatehpur J.B Dakil Madrasha
Villages and mouzas.
1)Fatehpur
2)Jahanpur
3)Telpari
Famous persons.
1.M A Hadi
2.Abdul Hamid
3.Abul Kalam
4.AFM Monju
5.Sheikh Rashid
6.Ahdul Hai
7.Master Birendra Lal Barua
8.Master Rati Kanto Barua
References.
Information:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20568708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568708" title="Björgvin G. Sigurðsson">
Björgvin G. Sigurðsson

Björgvin G. Sigurðsson (born 30 October 1970) is an Icelandic politician, representing the Social Democratic Alliance. He became Iceland's first Minister of Business Affairs when the new ministry was split off from the Ministry of Industry and Commerce on 24 May 2007. On 25 January 2009 Björgvin announced he would be stepping down as Minister effective immediately, firing the head of the Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority as his last official act. He thus assumed part of the political responsibility for the current financial crisis and the associated protests. [http://www.icenews.is/index.php/2009/01/25/breaking-news-icelandic-minister-of-commerce-bjorgvin-sigurdarson-steps-down/] He was a been a member of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) for the South Iceland constituency from 2003 to 2013.
Note on pronunciation.
ð is the letter edh, which in Icelandic represents a voiced dental fricative, as in th in the English word "them."

</doc>
<doc id="20568712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568712" title="Abdul Hamid II (field hockey)">
Abdul Hamid II (field hockey)

Abdul Hamid (born 7 July 1942) is a Pakistani field hockey player who won the silver medal in 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20568714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568714" title="Alex Brearley">
Alex Brearley

Alexander "Alex" R. Brearley (8 December 1913 – September 2001) was a British canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he and his partner John Dudderidge finished ninth in the folding K-2 10000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20568719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568719" title="List of Academy Award winners and nominees from Commonwealth countries">
List of Academy Award winners and nominees from Commonwealth countries

This is a list of Commonwealth Academy Award winners and nominees.

</doc>
<doc id="20568720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568720" title="Shahab-6">
Shahab-6

Shahab-6 (Toqyān) is the designation of an alleged and possibly fictional Iranian long-range ballistic missile project alleged to exist by Israeli sources, and supposed to be an extension of the "Shahab" ("meteor") series of missiles, and first reported to the world by Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu in 1997. To this date, no public evidence exists of such a missile series. While Shahab-1 to -3 missiles have been produced and deployed, Iran has officially denied the existence of any further military missile projects, acknowledging only a program to develop a satellite launch vehicle. There is also no publicly known evidence that the Shahab-4, Shahab-5, and Shahab-6 missiles were ever planned and no proof that they exist, since being first alleged by intelligence sources in the 1990s.
Capabilities.
No reliable estimates of the Shahab-6's capability exist. According to Israeli intelligence, both the Shahab-5 and Shahab-6 would have a range of 3,000–5,000 kilometers..
Variants.
Shahab is the name of a class of Iranian missiles, service time of 1988–present, of which three variants are confirmed: Shahab-1, Shahab-2, Shahab-3, while the Shahab-4, Shahab-5, Shahab-6 (Toqyān) were alleged to exist by Western and Israeli sources in the early 1990s but these allegations were not proven.

</doc>
<doc id="20568722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568722" title="Brock Larson">
Brock Larson

Brock Orville Larson (born August 23, 1977) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in ONE FC's Middleweight division. He has also competed for the UFC, WEC, King of the Cage, IFC, and Shark Fights.
Background.
Larson is from Brainerd, Minnesota and was raised on a farm. He later graduated from Brainerd High School and was introduced to martial arts by a friend. The two later competed in a Minnesota Martial Arts Academy submission tournament, with each winning and earning invites to train with future UFC Lightweight Champion Sean Sherk. Larson also defeated former UFC fighter Tom Speer in an all-grappling match.
Mixed martial arts career.
Larson fought for the WEC Welterweight Championship on August 6, 2007 but lost to champion Carlos Condit. 
In December 2008, the WEC Welterweight division merged with the UFC's Welterweight division after the promotion decided to focus on lower weight classes.
In his UFC debut, Larson submitted Jesse Sanders via rear-naked choke at .
Larson then fought at UFC 98, defeating Mike Pyle by arm triangle choke in round 1, earning him "Submission of the Night" honors.
At UFC 106 he fought Brian Foster. Larson had two points deducted in the first round for an illegal kick and an illegal knee before being defeated in the second round by technical knockout on November 21, 2009, at UFC 106. Following the loss, Larson was cut by the UFC. 
After going 3-0 in regional competition after his UFC release, Larson faced future Strikeforce Welterweight Champion Tarec Saffiedine on September 11, 2010 at Shark Fights 13 and lost via unanimous decision. 
Larson next faced Gabe Wallbridge on October 29, 2010 at King of the Cage - Main Stream. He won by submission due to strikes in the first round.
Larson lost back to back fights to Eric Davila and Antonio Braga Neto by first round KO and submission respectively.
Larson is now expected to face Nobutatsu Suzuki for the inaugural ONE FC Welterweight Championship on March 14, 2014 at ONE FC: War of Nations.
Personal life.
Larson and his wife Kari are expecting their first child. Before fighting professionally, Larson worked in road construction.

</doc>
<doc id="20568736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568736" title="John Dudderidge">
John Dudderidge

John Webster Dudderidge (August 24, 1906 – January 23, 2004) was a British canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sheffield and died in Cambridge.
In 1936 he and his partner Alex Brearley finished ninth in the folding K-2 10000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20568742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568742" title="Jakša Račić">
Jakša Račić

Jakša Račić (5 August 1868–1943) was the Mayor of Split between February 1929 and June 1933. An ethnic Croat in modern terms, he was a supporter of King Alexander I's unitarianist policies, and considered himself a Yugoslav and a Dalmatian. He was a medical doctor by profession and one of the few non-Serbian members of the Chetnik movement.
Račić was born on 5 August 1868 in Vrbanj on the island of Hvar and studied in Prague, Graz and Innsbruck, where he attained a doctorate in 1900. He was employed in Innsbruck as an assistant at the Institute for General and Experimental Pathology, undertook further training in Ljubljana and became Director of his own surgical sanatorium in Split in 1904, the Račić Sanatorium. He oversaw the start of hospital modernization in the city, and began the forestation of Marjan hill.
At the beginning of World War II Račić was appointed by Draža Mihailović as Chetnik "Povjerenik" ("trustee") for Dalmatia. Račić worked closely with Chetnik military commander Ilija Trifunović-Birčanin. Račić was executed for treason by the Partisans when, after the Italian capitulation in 1943, they temporarily liberated Split from Italian occupation.

</doc>
<doc id="20568743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568743" title="Clayton railway station (West Yorkshire)">
Clayton railway station (West Yorkshire)

Clayton railway station was on the Great Northern Railway lines to Bradford, Keighley and Halifax via Queensbury, collectively known as the Queensbury Lines. The station served the village of Clayton in West Yorkshire, England. The station had an island platform and a reasonable goods yard. The cutting and station site has been infilled and housed erected on the site. The Bradford portal of Clayton Tunnel has also been infilled. The station opened for passengewrs in 1878 and closed in 1955, but the goods yard and tunnel remained open as a through route to Thornton Station up until the early 1960s when it closed completely and the tracks were torn up.

</doc>
<doc id="20568751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568751" title="Msambweni Constituency">
Msambweni Constituency

Msambweni Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Kwale District. The constituency has ten wards, all electing councillors for the Kwale County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20568752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568752" title="Anwar Ahmed Khan">
Anwar Ahmed Khan

Anwar Ahmed Khan (born 1933) is a Pakistani field hockey player, Olympic champion from 1960, and twice a silver medalist with the Pakistan team.

</doc>
<doc id="20568758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568758" title="An Essay on Matisse">
An Essay on Matisse

An Essay on Matisse is a 1996 American short documentary film directed by Perry Wolff. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20568779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568779" title="A2 highway (Botswana)">
A2 highway (Botswana)

The A2 highway is a road in Botswana running from the Namibian border at Buitepos through Jwaneng, Kanye and Lobatse to the South African border at Pioneer Gate.
The A2 is a major component of the Trans-Kalahari Corridor, which is a highway corridor that provides a direct route from Maputo in Mozambique via Pretoria to central Namibia, in particular to Windhoek and the port of Walvis Bay. There is an additional paved road from the A2 through Ghanzi to Maun. There are only two filling stations between Gabarone and Ghanzi, one at Kang and another at Lekafane; thus distances between stations are large. With the completion of a paved road from Ghanzi to Maun, the Trans-Kalahari highway provides a faster route to Maun than the eastern highway via Francistown. However the road is dangerous for fast moving through traffic especially at night because it is unfenced and large numbers of farm animals wander freely across it.

</doc>
<doc id="20568780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568780" title="Jo Edwards">
Jo Edwards

 
 
Joanna "Jo" Edwards (born February 5, 1970 in Clatterbridge, England) is a lawn bowls competitor for New Zealand. 
At the 2002 Commonwealth Games she won a gold medal along with Sharon Sims in the women's pairs event. At the World Bowls Championships in 2004 and 2008 she won gold medals in the pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20568788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568788" title="Wilten Boys' Choir">
Wilten Boys' Choir

The Wilten Boys' Choir () is a part of the Premonstratensian Wilten Abbey, at the foot of Bergisel in Innsbruck, Austria. Founded in the mid-13th century, it is one of the oldest boys' choirs in Europe.
History.
The choir shares a common history with the Vienna Boys' Choir. According to contemporary sources, Emperor Maximilian I in 1498 established a court orchestra at Hofburg Palace in Vienna, including a choir which largely consisted of boys descending from Wilten in Tyrol. 
In 1946, the Wilten Boys' Choir was reestablished by Norbert Gerhold.
Education.
The choir currently consists of about 150 members, the youngest of which are about 6 years old. Following the change of voice, the boys can join the male voices and stay in the choir.
The "concert choir" of the Wilten Boys' Choir is a special division of the Tiroler Landeskonservatorium.
Since 1991, Johannes Stecher is the choir's art director. Martin Pleyer and Vinzenz Arnold are in charge of organizational matters.
Repertoire.
The choir's repertoire includes a wide range from sacred music to traditional alpine folk songs and opera.
During many concert tours, they have performed in Switzerland, Germany, Italy, France, Great Britain, Denmark, Romania, Israel and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20568810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568810" title="Paul Kogerman">
Paul Kogerman

Paul Nikolai Kogerman ( in Tallinn – 27 July 1951 Tallinn) was an Estonian chemist and founder of modern research in oil shale.
Paul Kogerman was born into a family of gas factory worker (and former sailor). He went to an elementary school in 1901–1904 and a town school in 1904–1908. After town school Kogerman earned a living by teaching in church manors near Tallinn. In 1913, he was graduated from the Alexander Gymnasium in Tallinn (Reval) as an extern. Starting in 1913, he studied at the University of Tartu, graduating from its Department of Chemistry in 1918. In the Estonian War of Independence he fought in a unit of Tallinn teachers. In 1919–1920 he got a state scholarship to study at the Imperial College London. In May 1921 he was given a qualification of chemical technologist by the University of London and in 1922 he received the degree of Master of Sciences.
Career.
From 1921 to 1936, Kogerman was active at the University of Tartu. After the defence of his Master's thesis on the thermal decay of oil-shale, he was elected docent of Organic Chemistry of the University in 1922. He went on to become extraordinary professor in 1924 and full professor in 1925. In 1926 and 1933 he was guest lecturer at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich and in 1927–1928 at Harvard University. In 1934, he defended, in Zürich, his doctoral thesis on the combining and polymerization reactions of the isolated double bond dienes.
From 1936 to 1941, Kogerman was professor of organic chemistry at the Tallinn Technical Institute/Tallinn Technical University, in 1936–1939 he was also a rector of the University. In 1938, Kogerman was selected to the newly established Estonian Academy of Sciences and in 1946 reselected after re-establishment of the Academy as the Academy of Sciences of the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic. He was the president of the Estonian Naturalists' Society in 1929–1936.
In 1938–1939 Kogerman was "ex officio" member of the National Council "(Riiginõukogu)." From October 1939 until the Soviet occupation of Estonia on 21 June 1940 Kogerman served as Minister of Public Education.
In 1941, Kogerman, together with his family, was deported by Soviet authorities to the prisoner camp in Sverdlovsk Oblast. He was prematurely released and allowed to return to Estonia in 1945. From 1945 to 1951 he was director of the chair for organic chemistry in the Tallinn Polytechnical Institute (Tallinn Technical University). From 1947 to 1950 he served also as the director of the Chemistry Institute of the Academy of Sciences.
Honors.
In 1927, Kogerman was decorated with the insignia of the Légion d'honneur and in 1938 with the Second Class of the Order of the White Star. In 2006, the Paul Kogerman scholarship was founded, to be granted to successful master's and doctoral level students of the Faculties of Science and Chemical and Materials Technology of the Tallinn University of Technology.
Significance.
Paul Kogerman won international reputation with his work on oil shale. He initiated systematic research of oil shale and its products by establishing, together with professor Michael Wittlich, a laboratory to study oil-bearing shales in 1925. Kogerman submitted fundamental work on the structure and origin of oil shale and its chemical characteristics, as well as work on thermal processes.

</doc>
<doc id="20568815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568815" title="Sue Powell-Reed">
Sue Powell-Reed

Sue Powell-Reed is a Welsh Radio & Television Broadcaster.
Sue Powell-Reed was born in Swansea, and spent her childhood and teens studying at the LLWYN-Y-BRYN school where she developed her love for Speech, Drama and became a keen sports player. Sue quickly excelled in swimming and by the age of 13 won the title of Welsh Individual Medley Swimming Champion. Sue was the captain of several sports teams at her school, and this along with her love of the arts would later help her become the Sports Presenter for HTV.
After leaving LLWYN-Y-BRYN Sue Powell-Reed began a course at Barry Teachers Training College. However she dropped out after 6 months after realising her dreams lay within the media.
Sue by now had gained qualifications as a Swimming, Speech and Drama instructor and launched her media career working for the South Wales Evening Post as a features writer and a contributor to local radio station Swansea Sound.
In 1980, Sue joined HTV Wales as a sports correspondent before switching to continuity announcing in 1984.
Here she went onto become the station's longest-serving staff announcer and a familiar face on Welsh Television. From 1990, she also read regular "HTV Wales News" bulletins as part of announcing duties.
On January 15, 2006 Sue Powell-Reed made the final announcement when continuity from Wales was discontinued.
After leaving ITV Wales, she and announcing colleague Leighton Jones set up the audiobook company "Audio Stories for Kids" for which she managed the creative side of the business. Before starting her own production company Vibe Video Production. 
Vibe Video Production (Formally known as Vibe.TV) has been trading since 2008 and is based in Swansea Marina.
The company currently employs a number of Camera men, Editors, Scriptwriters and Audio Technicians and works on projects with Swansea University and Swansea City Council.
In 2012 the company re-branded, launching a new Vibe which was bigger, both in employees, equipment and range of services.
They specialise in:
Scriptwriting, Video Production, Marketing, Journalism, Post Production Services, CGI, viral videos, corporate videos, commercials, motion graphics, Documentary, Film and animation
Sue Powell-Reed is CEO of the Vibe Brand and continues to play a part within the local and broader media through Voice Overs, Appearances and Talks.

</doc>
<doc id="20568818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568818" title="1967–68 Slovenian Republic League">
1967–68 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20568829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568829" title="Ingrow (East) railway station">
Ingrow (East) railway station

Ingrow (East) railway station was a small English railway station on the Keighley-Queensbury section of the Queensbury Lines which ran between Bradford, Halifax and Keighley via Queensbury. The station served the prosperous industrial district of Keighley and was only a short distance away from the Ingrow (West) railway station on the Midland Railway Oxenhope Branch, which is now the preserved Keighley and Worth Valley Railway. 
To cope with the production from the mills the station had a vast goods yard. The whole station and goods yard site has now been incorporated into the a Travis Perkins builders merchants which occupies the site. Just beyond the station was the GN Goods Junction where the GN trains linked with the Oxenhope branch for the last mile into Keighley. Beyond the junction the line continued alongside the Oxenhope Branch before diverging beneath it into the GN goods yard, where, unlike the MR goods yard, all the buildings are intact.

</doc>
<doc id="20568838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568838" title="Minister for Foreign Affairs (Iceland)">
Minister for Foreign Affairs (Iceland)

The Minister for Foreign Affairs () is the head of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs. The current Minister for Foreign Affairs is Gunnar Bragi Sveinsson.
List of ministers.
Minister for Foreign Affairs (1 January 1970 – present).
The Law on the Cabinet of Iceland, which had been passed by the parliament 28 May 1969, took effect on 1 January 1970. Thus the Cabinet was formally established along with its ministries which had up until then not formally existed separately from the ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="20568847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568847" title="The Tiger, the Brahmin and the Jackal">
The Tiger, the Brahmin and the Jackal

The Tiger, the Brahmin and the Jackal is a popular Indian fairy tale with a long history and many variants. Mary Frere included a version in her 1868 collection of Indian folktales, "Old Deccan Days", the first collection of Indian folktales in English. A version was also included in Joseph Jacobs' collection "Indian Fairy Tales".
Synopsis.
The story, as Jacobs recounts it, goes like this:
A brahmin passes a tiger in a trap. The tiger pleads for his release, promising not to eat the brahmin. The brahmin sets him free, but no sooner is the tiger free than he announces his intention to eat the brahmin.
The brahmin is horrified, and tells the tiger how unjust he is. They agree that they will ask the first three things they encounter to judge between them.
The first thing they encounter is a tree, who, having suffered at the hands of humankind, answers that the tiger should have his meal. Next a buffalo, exploited and then mistreated, feels it is only just that the brahmin should be eaten.
Finally they meet a jackal, who at first feigns incomprehension of what has happened and asks to see the trap. Once there he claims still not to understand. The tiger gets back in the trap to demonstrate, and the jackal quickly shuts him in, suggesting to the brahmin that they leave matters thus.
Variants.
There are more than a hundred versions of this tale spread across the world. In some the released animal is a crocodile, in some a snake, a tiger and others a wolf. 
Some variants are very old, going back at least to the "Panchatantra" or "Fables of Bidpai" and the Jataka tales. In Europe it appeared some 900 years ago in the "Disciplina Clericalis" of Petrus Alphonsi, and later in the "Gesta Romanorum" and the "Directorium Vitae Humanae" of John of Capua.
There are also modern illustrated versions of the tale, such as "The Tiger, the Brahmin & the Jackal" illustrated by David Kennett and "The Tiger and the Brahmin" illustrated by Kurt Vargo. Rabbit Ears Productions produced a video version of the last book, narrated by Ben Kingsley, with music by Ravi Shankar.

</doc>
<doc id="20568858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568858" title="Amazon (1997 film)">
Amazon (1997 film)

Amazon is a 1997 American short documentary film directed by Kieth Merrill. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
The film features ethnobiologist Mark Plotkin, who discusses the role of rainforest conservation and the benefits of investigating it further in the interest of medical and scientific knowledge.

</doc>
<doc id="20568872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568872" title="DOX BOX">
DOX BOX

DOX BOX () is an annual documentary film festival established in Syria launched first time in February 2008.
DOX BOX is supported by professional international organisations and festivals and organised by a Syrian production company, Proaction Film, as a non-profit, free admission event. 
In its second edition, DOX BOX 09, it reached 12000 admissions according to the festival's website.
In March 2012 DOX BOX festival has decided to refrain from holding its fifth edition in protest against the killing and oppression of civilians in Syria according to a statement released on the official festival site. In 15 and 16 March 2012, a "DOX BOX Global Day" screening was launched and exhibited several Syrian documentary movies in 39 cities across the world.
Festival program.
DOX BOX shows annually a selection of 40+ international creative-documentary films from around the world, to present the genre to the Syrian audience and at presenting regional documentaries. 
Among such screenings included documentary films such as "The Beloves" by Russian director Viktor Kossakovsky, "The Eye Above The Well" by Dutch director Johan van der Keuken, "The 3 Rooms of Melancholia" by Finnish filmmaker Pirjo Honkasalo, a retrospective of France's Nicolas Philibert, old masterpieces like Jean Vigo's "À propos de Nice", and recent productions such as "The Mother" by Switzerland's Antoine Cattin, "The One Man Village" by Lebanese Simon El Haber, "The English Surgeon" by Australian Geoffrey Smith, among many others.
Previous festival's guests included Patricio Guzman, D.A. Pennebaker, Chris Hegedus,Pirjo Honkasalo, Nicolas Philibert, Niels Pagh Andersen, Malek Bensmail, Jehane Noujaim... among others. Among guests were documentary experts and tutors such as Tue Steen Muller, Isabel Arrate, Mikael Opstrup have been attending the festival every year.
The activities of DOX BOX usually split into public screenings and professional/capacity-building and networking activities.
Screenings are divided into 5 sections, the Official Selection, where films from around the world compete for the Damascus Audience Award (the very first audience award to be introduced in Syria), and two thematic sidebar selections (in 2009 these were: Voices of Women & Notes on War), then a "Meet The Master" section where four films of a master of the documentary art are shown in the presence of the filmmaker, and finally a selection of four films that took the documentary world by storm most recently. 
DOX BOX screenings are with English and Arabic subtitles and of free admission.
Organizers and sponsors.
DOX BOX operates in close collaboration with the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam and the European Documentary Network, in addition to other festivals, such as DocPoint Helsinki and the Copenhagen International Documentary Festival.
Support and grant-making organisations are supporting DOX BOX annually, these include The Netherlands' Prince Claus Fund, Denmark's KVINFO, Germany's Goethe Institute and Heinrich Boell Foundation, and the newly established regional fund The Arab Fund for Art and Culture, among others. 
DOX BOX, which is annual and runs in 3 Syrian cities, Damascus, Homs and Tartus, is organised by two Syrian filmmakers, Diana El Jeiroudi and Orwa Nyrabia, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20568874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568874" title="Sharon Sims">
Sharon Sims

 
Sharon Elmar Sims, MNZM (born 24 May 1952 in Te Kopuru, New Zealand), is a lawn bowls competitor for New Zealand. 
At the 2002 Commonwealth Games she won a gold medal along with Jo Edwards in the women's pairs event. At the World Bowls Championships in 2000 she was a triples and fours champion, and in 2004 a pairs champion.
In the 2007 Queen's Birthday Honours, Sims was made a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to lawn bowls.

</doc>
<doc id="20568877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568877" title="Armageddon (2000)">
Armageddon (2000)

Armageddon (2000) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Federation (WWF) that took place on December 10, 2000, at the Birmingham-Jefferson Civic Center in Birmingham, Alabama. It was the second annual Armageddon event, and the only WWF pay-per-view event ever to be held in the state of Alabama.
Background.
The event featured nine professional wrestling matches with outcomes predetermined by World Wrestling Federation script writers. The matches featured wrestlers portraying their characters in planned storylines that took place before, during and after the event.
The central feud heading into Armageddon was between WWF Champion Kurt Angle, The Undertaker, Triple H, Steve Austin, The Rock, and Rikishi inside a Hell in a Cell for the WWF Championship. At No Mercy Kurt Angle won the championship from The Rock in a No Disqualification Match. Kurt would later retain the title against The Undertaker at Survivor Series and again at Rebellion in a Fatal Four Way Match against The Rock, Rikishi, and Steve Austin. Commissioner Mick Foley would later announce on SmackDown that Kurt Angle would defend his title inside a Six-Man Hell in a Cell Match. Mr. McMahon would try desperately to get all six men to back out but ultimately failed to do so.
Another feud heading into Armageddon was between Chris Jericho and Kane in a Last Man Standing Match. It started at Survivor Series when Kane defeated Chris Jericho by pinfall. They would later fight again at Rebellion only for Kane to defeat him. It was later announced on Raw that their feud would come to an end at Armageddon in a Last Man Standing Match.
Event.
Before the event aired live, Scotty 2 Hotty pinned D'Lo Brown on "Sunday Night Heat".
Preliminary matches.
The first event to air live on pay-per-view in the event was the six-person intergender tag team elimination match between the Radicalz (Dean Malenko, Perry Saturn, and Eddie Guerrero) (with Terri) and Team Xtreme (Matt and Jeff Hardy and Lita). The early stages of the match were dominated by Team Xtreme as Jeff Hardy blocked Guerrero's huricanrana and then performed his High-Angle Senton which he calls "Swanton Bomb" on Guerrero for the three-count, eliminating Guerrero. Jeff then executed his Flying Top-Rope Kick, which he calls "Poetry In Motion" on Malenko. However, the momentum began to shift towards the Radicalz when Malenko immediately tagged in Saturn, who promptly eliminated Jeff with a Death Valley Driver. Matt then came into the match and blindsided Saturn with a bulldog for a near fall. Matt then attempted a Swinging Neckbreaker, which he calls "Twist Of Fate" on Saturn but it was countered into a suplex. Matt tried again and this time nailed it to eliminate Saturn by pinfall. Afterwards, Radicalz manager Terri slapped Matt and Lita speared Terri for her efforts. Malenko took advantage and rolled Matt up from behind for the pin. He wouldn't have long to celebrate though, as Lita performed a headscissors kick on Malenko. She then executed her Moonsault, which she calls "Litasault", on Malenko only to have him kick out at two. After taking a subsequent DDT, Malenko superplexed Lita and stopped his own pinfall. He pulled her up from a pin again after a backbreaker, and instead forced Lita to tap to his finisher, the "Texas Cloverleaf".
The second match of the night featured WWF European Championship action pitting Hardcore Holly against the champion, William Regal. After cutting Regal's mic work short with his entrance theme, Holly quickly went to work on Regal. After back and forth punches outside the ring, Regal finally got the momentum on his side when he sent Holly into the back of a ring post. When the two came into the ring, Holly replied with a belly-to-back suplex for a near fall. Regal did a superplex on Holly for a two-count as well. Holly took control from that point until late in the bout when Raven interfered and DDTed Holly, thus allowing Regal to take the easy pinfall victory.
The third match saw Chyna take on Val Venis, who was accompanied to the ring by fellow Right To Censor stable member and WWF Women's Champion, Ivory. The early portions of the match were dominated by Chyna until Venis whip tossed her out of the ring and Ivory started attacking her at ringside. The momentum swung back and forth until Ivory became more and more aggressive in interfering on Venis' behalf. She really got into Chyna's head when she tripped her, causing Chyna to chase her until Venis intercepted Chyna and delivered a Fisherman's suplex for the pinfall. Chyna was about to beat up Ivory after the match but Venis once again saved her from Chyna's wrath, powerbombing her.
The fourth match of the evening was a Last Man Standing match between Kane and Chris Jericho. The match started as Kane attacked Jericho on the aisle and quickly returned him to the backstage area. Mideon was attacked by both men as he was in the way. Kane and Jericho finally made their way to the ring shortly afterwards. The match was a roller-coaster affair, as neither competitor could gain a huge momentum advantage over the other. After connecting with his signature flying clothesline on Jericho, Kane delivered his chokeslam on Jericho. Jericho recovered and low blowed Kane, who was about to whack him with a chair. Jericho had the momentum on his side once more and took advantage with his Top-Rope Moonsault, which Jericho calls "Lionsault", on Kane, who was lying face-down on the chair. Kane took temporary control with a big boot until he dragged Jericho into the tech area. Jericho then knocked a ton of stacked barrels on Kane to keep him down for the 10-second count and the victory.
The fifth match on the card was for the Right To Censor's (Bull Buchanan and The Goodfather) World Tag Team Championships. the challengers were Edge and Christian, the Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von) and Road Dogg and K-Kwik. The Right To Censor started off the match attacking the Dudleys. D-Von responded with a back elbow on Buchanan. The match featured lots of double teaming until Steven Richards, the leader of The Right To Censor, attempted to interfere on his team's behalf and DDTed D-Von just when it looked like the Dudleys had the match won. It didn't go as planned for Richards though, as Edge speared Bubba Ray and Christian nailed the tomakazie on Bubba for the pin and the title of World Tag Team Champions.
The sixth match of the event had the Intercontinental Championship on the line as Billy Gunn defended his title against Chris Benoit. Benoit got the initial momentum with a series of stomps on Gunn until he was thrown out of the ring by Gunn. Benoit locked in the figure four leg lock when the action returned to the ring, but Gunn managed to struggle his way to the ropes. Gunn started to gain some momentum with a jackhammer followed by his "Fame-Asser" when it only netted him a near fall. Benoit then caught Gunn in his "Crippler Crossface", but Gunn got his foot on the rope. Gunn was showing signs of injury when his knee buckled during a tilt-a-whirl on Benoit. Benoit took advantage by once again applying the "Crippler Crossface" on Gunn, forcing a submission and therefore becoming the new Intercontinental Champ.
The seventh match of Armageddon 2000 was a Triple Threat match for Ivory's WWF Women's Championship. The other competitors were Trish Stratus and Molly Holly. Molly starts it off with an attack on Stratus before being monkey flipped on by Stratus. Molly was then double suplexed by Stratus and Ivory. Molly hit a crossbody for a near fall on Stratus after wasting some time on putting Ivory out of position to break up the count. T & A (Test and Albert) interfered in the match as Ivory picked up the win. After the match Molly's cousin, Crash came out and challenged T & A with the Acolytes (Bradshaw and Farooq). The Acolytes and Crash and Molly Holly successfully beat up T & A.
Main event match.
The eighth and main event match of Armageddon 2000 was a six-man Hell In A Cell match for Kurt Angle's WWF Championship. The challengers were The Undertaker, The Rock, Triple H, Rikishi, and Stone Cold Steve Austin. Austin attacked Angle at the start of the match, and then slammed Triple H into the steel cell. Meanwhile, The Rock was working on Rikishi, and Undertaker was fighting Angle. Austin executed his signature Lou Thesz Press on Triple H for a two-count. Triple H answered by wrapping Austin's knee around a ring post. Rock performed the Samoan drop on Angle, but Rikishi promptly whipped Rock into the cage. Rikishi shortly got his head slammed into a ring post by Angle. Taker Irish whipped HHH into an Austin clothesline. Rikishi then blindsided Austin with a kick to the neck. Triple H performed his Pedigree finishing move on Rikishi. However, The Rock interrupted the count and DDTed HHH but Angle interrupted that count and nailed an "Angle Slam" on Rock. Stone Cold broke up the pin. Austin unleashed his "Stone Cold Stunner", on Angle. Taker denied Austin the pinfall. Undertaker Chokeslamed Stone Cold. HHH saved the match. Afterwards, Taker rammed HHH into numerous areas of the cell panels. Austin was beating up Rikishi, clotheslining and then Lou Thesz pressing him. While all of the carnage was occurring, Vince McMahon, Pat Patterson, and Gerald Brisco were working together to stop the match by attempting to demolish the cell with a truck. They had just torn down the cell door when WWF Commissioner Mick Foley ordered the trio to allow the match to run its course. The trio ignored Foley, and the Commissioner sent the police to escort McMahon out of the arena as he fought Patterson and Brisco. Meanwhile, during the match, Triple H was running away from Austin, and chaos broke out as every member involved in the match exited the cell. Then everybody started climbing to the top of the cell. As Rikishi was fighting off both Angle and Taker, Taker Chokeslammed Rikishi off the cell and into the pine chip filled bed of the truck. Austin and Rock had a stare down inside the cell and traded blows. Rock delivered the Spinebuster on Austin, but was clotheslined by HHH before he could execute his signature "People's Elbow" on Austin. The Rock punched Triple H out of the ring and nailed the "Rock Bottom" on Angle. Stond Cold recovered to stop the count and hit a Stunner on The Rock, but HHH broke up the pin and delivered a spinebuster and neckbreaker on Austin. Angle snuck on top of The Rock and pinned him to retain his WWF Championship. Afterwards, Austin stunned Angle for his sneaky pin.
Aftermath.
After Kurt Angle retained the WWF Championship against Stone Cold Steve Austin on the January 8, 2001 edition of "Raw Is War", Vince McMahon announced that Angle would defend his title against his son-in-law Triple H at the Royal Rumble. Triple H claimed that Angle could only have become the champion because he (Triple H) allowed him to. Angle disagreed. At the PPV Kurt Angle defeated Triple H in a Singles Match for the WWF Championship following interference from Austin.
WWF Commissioner Mick Foley would opt to resign due to a promise that he made on Sunday Night Heat where if anyone suffered a serious injury in the 6-man Hell In A Cell match, he would resign as Commissioner. Instead, Foley chose to keep his job due to support from Steve Austin and the WWF fans. However, on the December 18, 2000 edition of "Raw Is War", when the Board of Directors deemed Linda McMahon incompetent to continue being CEO due to a (kayfabe) nervous breakdown, they granted Vince McMahon 100% control of the WWF, allowing him to fire Foley as Commissioner.
The Undertaker also began to feud with Triple H, albeit immediately after HHH's feud with Angle began to wane. On an episode of Smackdown, Undertaker had a restraining order placed against him after attacking Triple H's on-screen wife, Stephanie McMahon-Helmsley, but Taker would exploit a loophole in his restraining order by assigning his kayfabe half-brother, Kane, to stalk Stephanie. When new WWF Commissioner William Regal refused to grant him a match against Triple H at Wrestlemania, an event Undertaker had never lost at, he threatened him with Kane holding Stephanie over his head and about to toss her off the balcony just above them. Commissioner Regal finally gave Taker his match. Undertaker would go on to up his Mania record to 9-0 with his victory over "The Game".
Stone Cold Steve Austin would go on to enter the Royal Rumble Match at the Royal Rumble PPV despite being attacked and busted open by Triple H before Austin officially participated in it by entering the ring for costing him a chance to become the WWF Champion earlier that night in revenge for Triple H robbing Austin of a reign with the same title on a past episode of "Raw Is War". On the way he fought long-time rival The Rock, who claimed to have won the Royal Rumble for the second time in a row. At the PPV Steve Austin won the match after eliminating Kane. He would go to WrestleMania to defeat The Rock in a No Disqualification Match to win the WWF Championship with some highly unlikely help from former arch-rival Mr. McMahon, thus being his heel turn.

</doc>
<doc id="20568883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568883" title="Oxychilus alliarius">
Oxychilus alliarius

Oxychilus alliarius, common name the "garlic snail" or "garlic glass-snail", is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Both the specific name and the common name refer to the fact that when this animal is disturbed, it gives off a strong smell similar to that of raw garlic or onions.
Distribution.
This species occurs in a number of countries and islands including:
Non-indigenous distribution.
Non-indigenous distribution of "Oxychilus alliarius" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20568894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568894" title="Danish art">
Danish art

Danish art goes back thousands of years with significant artifacts from the 2nd millennium BC, such as the Trundholm sun chariot. Art from modern Denmark forms part of the art of the Nordic Bronze Age, and then Norse and Viking art. Danish medieval painting is almost entirely known from church frescos such as those from the 16th-century artist known as the Elmelunde Master.
Thereafter for an extended period art in Denmark was either imported from Germany and the Netherlands or Danish artists studied abroad and produced work that was seldom inspired by Denmark itself. From the late 18th century on, the situation changed radically and beginning with the Danish Golden Age, a distinct tradition of Danish art has continued to flourish until today.
Nordic Bronze Age.
Lurs are a distinctive type of giant curving Bronze Age horn, of which 35 of the 53 known examples have been found in bogs in Denmark, very often in pairs. They are normally made of bronze, and often decorated.
A possibly alien find in Denmark is the Gundestrup cauldron, a richly decorated silver vessel, thought to date to the 1st century BC. It was found in 1891 in a peat bog near the hamlet of Gundestrup in north-eastern Jutland. The silversmithing of the plates is very skilled. The bowl, 70 cm across, was beaten from a single ingot.
Now in the National Museum of Denmark, it is the largest known example of European silver work from the period. The style and workmanship suggest Thracian origin, while the imagery seems Celtic, so it may not reflect local styles.
Norse art.
The Germanic Iron Age period of about 400-800 AD is represented by the Golden Horns of Gallehus, now known only from drawings since they were stolen and melted down in 1802, and significant deposits from weapons sacrifice such as that at Illerup Ådal, where 15,000 items were found, deposited during the period 200-500.
Danish sites have given their names to two of the six main styles of Norse art, Jelling style (10th century) and its successor Mammen style (10-11th centuries), though the other styles are also represented in Denmark. Only one Danish ship burial is known, from Ladbyskibet. The images on the runestones at Jelling are probably the best known Danish works of the period. Although little of their original paintwork remains today, copies of the largest stone in the National Museum of Denmark and in the museum at Jelling have been redecorated in vivid colours based on the fragments of paint which remained on the original.
Medieval church frescos.
Church wall paintings (Danish: "kalkmalerier") are to be found in some 600 churches across Denmark, no doubt representing the highest concentration of surviving church murals anywhere in the world. Most of them date back to the Middle Ages. They lay hidden for centuries as after the reformation, they were covered with limewash (Danish: "kalk") only to be revealed and restored during the course of the 19th and 20th centuries. Of most interest to Danish art are the Gothic paintings from the 15th and 16th centuries as they were painted in a style typical of native Danish painters. Adopting the Biblia pauperum approach, they present many of the most popular stories from the Old and New Testaments in typological juxtapositions.
Renaissance to the 18th century.
Danish panel painting and painted wood-carving of the late Middle Ages was mostly by, or heavily influenced by, the prevailing North German styles, especially those of Hamburg and other Hanseatic cities. At the Protestant Reformation religious painting virtually ceased, and for a long period the most notable portraits of the royal family were made by foreign artists, such as Hans Holbein the Younger's portrait of Christina of Denmark. Albrecht Dürer's portrait of her father Christian II of Denmark, painted in Brussels in 1521, has not survived, though portraits of him by other foreign artists have.
The establishment of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in 1754 followed the general European pattern, and was intended to develop a national school and reduce the need to import artists from other countries. After a period of development its pupils were indeed to lead the creation of a distinct Danish style. After an architect, the second Director was Johannes Wiedewelt (1731–1802), a Neoclassical sculptor trained in Italy and France, who had followed his father as court sculptor, and is remembered for his memorials and garden decorations including the monument of King Frederick V in Roskilde Cathedral and the Naval Monument in Holmens Cemetery. The first painter to lead it was the Swedish-born Carl Gustaf Pilo (c. 1711 – 1793), a portraitist and history painter in the grand style, and the next Nikolaj Abraham Abildgaard (1743–1809), himself an ex-student, who developed a Neo-Classical style. Leading Danish artists teaching at the Academy included Christian August Lorentzen and Jens Juel, also later Director. Unlike in England, for example, most leading Danish artists for at least the next century trained at the Academy and often returned to teach there, and the tension between academic art and other styles is much less a feature of Danish art history than that of France, England or other countries.
A student of Abildgaard's period at the Academy was Bertel Thorvaldsen (1770–1844), by far the most famous Danish sculptor, who along with the Italian Canova was recognised across Europe as the leading Neoclassical sculptor. Among his works are the colossal series of statues of Christ and the twelve Apostles for the rebuilding of Vor Frue Kirke in Copenhagen. Motifs for his works (reliefs, statues, and busts) were drawn mostly from Greek mythology, but he also created portraits of important personalities, as in his tomb monument for Pope Pius VII in St Peter's Basilica, Rome. His works can be seen in many European countries, but there is a very large collection at the Thorvaldsen Museum in Copenhagen. He was based in Rome for many years, and played an important role in encouraging young Danish artists spending time in the city. Another important Neoclassicist produced by the Academy was the painter Asmus Jacob Carstens, whose later career was all spent in Italy or Germany.
The establishment in 1775 of the Royal Copenhagen Porcelain Factory was another royal initiative, typical of monarchies in the period, though the business has outlasted the great majority of such factories, and survives today as part of a larger group, which also includes the Kosta Glasbruk glass company, founded in 1742 by two army officers, and the Orrefors Glasbruk (founded 1898), all known internationally.
The Golden Age.
Around the beginning of the 19th century the Golden Age of Danish Painting emerged to form a distinct national style for the first time since the Middle Ages; the period lasted until the middle of the 19th century. It has a style drawing on Dutch Golden Age painting, especially its landscape painting, and depicting northern light that is soft but allows strong contrasts of colour. The treatment of scenes is typically an idealized version of reality, but unpretentiously so, appearing more realist than is actually the case. Interior scenes, often small portrait groups, are also common, with a similar treatment of humble domestic objects and furniture, often of the artist's circle of friends. Little Danish art was seen outside the country (indeed it mostly remains there to this day) and the Danish-trained leader of German Romantic painting Caspar David Friedrich was important in spreading its influence in Germany.
A crucial figure was Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg, who had studied in Paris with Jacques-Louis David and was further influenced towards Neo-Classicism by Thorwaldsen. Eckersberg taught at the Academy from 1818 to 1853, becoming director from 1827 to 1828, and was an important influence on the following generation, in which landscape painting came to the fore. He taught most of the leading artists of the period, including:
Among other artists, C.A. Jensen (1792–1870) specialized almost exclusively in portraits.
At the end of the period painting style, especially in landscape art, became caught up in the political issue of the Schleswig-Holstein Question, a vital matter for Danes, but notoriously impenetrable for most others in Europe.
Later 19th century.
Danish painting continued many of the characteristics of the Golden Age, but gradually moved closer to styles of the rest of Europe, especially Germany. Artists include:
Elisabeth Jerichau-Baumann (1819–1881) was born in Żoliborz (Jolibord) a borough of Warsaw but moved to Denmark when she married Danish sculptor Jens Adolf Jerichau in 1846. She is best known for her portraits and was commissioned by the Danish Royal Family to paint their portraits to the annoyance and jealousy of local artists. The mild eroticism of a few of her paintings was looked upon unfavourably by many at the time but she remained aloof, perhaps reassured by the fact that some of her husband's sculptures were erotic in nature.
Carl Heinrich Bloch (1834–1890) was a rare Danish history painter, mostly of Biblical subjects, who developed his academic style in Italy before returning to Copenhagen in 1866. He was commissioned to produce 23 paintings for the Chapel at Frederiksborg Palace consisting of scenes from the life of Christ which have become very popular as illustrations. For over 40 years the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has made much use of Carl Bloch's paintings, especially those from the Frederiksborg Palace collection, in its church buildings and printed media.
Edvard Eriksen (1876–1959) is best known as the sculptor of the bronze "Little Mermaid" statue in Copenhagen. Based on the story by Hans Christian Andersen, he completed the work in 1913.
The Skagen and Funen movements.
In 1871, Holger Drachmann (1846–1908) and Karl Madsen (1855–1938) visited Skagen in the far north of Jutland where they quickly built up one of Scandinavia's most successful artists' colonies. They were soon joined by P.S. Krøyer (1851–1909), Carl Locher (1851–1915), Laurits Tuxen (1853–1927), the Norwegian Christian Skredsvig (1854–1924) and Michael (1849–1927) and Anna Ancher (1859–1935). All participated in painting the natural surroundings and local people. The symbolist Jens Ferdinand Willumsen (1863–1958) also visited the Skagen community.
A little later, at the very beginning of the 20th century, a similar phenomenon developed on the island of Funen with the encouragement of Johannes Larsen (1867–1961) and the inspiration of Theodor Philipsen. The "Fynboerne" or Funen Painters included: Peter Hansen, Fritz Syberg, Jens Birkholm, Karl Schou, Harald Giersing, Anna Syberg, Christine Swane and Alhed Larsen.
Modernism and expressionism.
Theodor Philipsen (1840–1920) through his personal contact with Paul Gauguin became the sole Danish impressionist of his generation.
Laurits Andersen Ring (1854–1933), famous for his involvement in Danish symbolism, specialised in paintings of village life and landscapes in the south of Zealand.
Paul Gustave Fischer (1860–1934) was a romantic impressionistic painter specialising in city street scenes and bright bathing compositions.
Vilhelm Hammershøi (1864–1916) was considered something of an enigma in his lifetime but is now remembered mainly for his subdued paintings of interiors, usually empty spaces (as in "Dust Motes Dancing in Sunbeams") but occasionally with a solitary figure.
Danish expressionist landscape painting developed between the world wars with Jens Søndergaard and Oluf Høst as its main representatives. In parallel, younger artists such as Niels Lergaard, Lauritz Hartz and Karl Bovin adopted the light French colours and formalism of modernism, founding the Corner group of artists in 1932. Around the same time, Edvard Weie, the Swedish artist Karl Isakson, Olaf Rude, Kræsten Iversen, Oluf Høst and Niels Lergaard were attracted by the natural beauty of the Baltic islands of Bornholm and the much smaller Christiansø. Together they initiated the so-called Bornholm School providing the basis of the permanent exhibition at the Bornholm Art Museum near Gudhjem. Painters of nature and everyday life such as Erik Hoppe and Knud Agger initiated the highly successful Grønningen association which provided a platform for exhibitions in Copenhagen.
Sigurd Swane (1879–1973) was initially influenced by the work of the Fauves in Paris when he began a series of paintings of woodlands rich in greens, yellows and blues. He later painted a number of light-filled landscapes while living on a farm in Odsherred in north-western Zealand.
Harald Giersing (1881–1927) was instrumental in developing the classic modernism movement in Denmark around 1910–1920.
Vilhelm Lundstrøm ( 1893–1950), one of the greatest modernists, brought French cubism to Denmark. He is remembered for his still-life paintings with oranges and for cubistic scenes with nudes. His later work developed into much looser modern art with contrasting colours and form.
Richard Mortensen (1910–1993) was an important surrealistic painter, inspired by Wassily Kandinsky. He was a joint founder of the "Linien" group of artists and also a member of the Grønningen group. His later expressionist works exhibit large, clear, brightly coloured surfaces.
Asger Jorn (1914–1973) was a Danish artist, sculptor, writer and ceramist. Looking for inspiration outside Denmark, he traveled widely. After meeting artists such as Constant Nieuwenhuys, Appel and Dotremont, he became the driving force behind the Cobra group where he excelled in ceramics but also continued to paint in oils.
Danish design became of international importance in the decades after World War II, especially in furniture, where it pioneered a style sometimes known as Danish modern, the forerunner of the general Scandinavian Design style popularized by IKEA. Important designers include Finn Juhl (1912–1989), Hans Wegner (1914–2007) and Arne Jacobsen (1902–1971).
Contemporary art.
Collections of modern art enjoy unusually attractive settings at the Louisiana Museum north of Copenhagen and at the North Jutland Art Museum in Aalborg. The National Museum of Art and the Glyptotek, both in Copenhagen, contain treasures of Danish and international art.
Margrethe II's tapestries.
On the occasion of her 50th birthday in 1990, Queen Margrethe II decided to use a gift from industry of 13 million Danish crowns to produce a series of tapestries tracing the history of Denmark from the beginnings to the present day. Woven by the historic Manufacture des Gobelins in Paris, the tapestries were based on full-sized sketches by the versatile Danish artist Bjørn Nørgaard. Completed in 1999, they now hang in the Great Hall at Christiansborg Palace.
World-class architects.
Following in the footsteps of Arne Jacobsen, Denmark has had some outstanding successes in contemporary architecture. Johann Otto von Spreckelsen, relying on simple geometrical figures, designed the Grande Arche at La Défense in Paris. Prolific Henning Larsen designed the Foreign Ministry building in Riyadh, as well as a variety of prestige buildings throughout Scandinavia, including the recently completed Copenhagen Opera House. Jørn Utzon's iconic Sydney Opera House earned him the distinction of becoming only the second person to have his work recognized as a World Heritage Site while still alive.
Museums.
The most significant museums for Danish art are:
and others in :Category:Art museums and galleries in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20568895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568895" title="Precious Junk">
Precious Junk

Precious Junk is the debut single released by Japanese singer, Ken Hirai. It was released on May 13, 1995, under the label DefSTAR Records. The single charted for nine weeks, selling 44,000 copies, and peaking at #50 on the Oricon charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20568912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568912" title="Prosper Mugiraneza">
Prosper Mugiraneza

Prosper Mugiraneza is the former minister of civil service in Rwanda.
Mugiraneza was born in 1957 in Kigarama, Kibungo Province, Rwanda. He is a graduate of the National University of Rwanda in Butare, where he earned a law degree.
Before becoming minister of civil service, Mugiraneza was a prosecutor and director general of the Ministry of Justice.
He is married and has four children. His wife and children currently reside in Europe.
He was tried for genocide and crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, the trial beginning in 2003. A judgment is expected to be reached in August 2011.
Mugiraneza was convicted and sentenced to 30 years imprisonment. After a lengthy appeal, Mugiraneza was acquitted of all charges on February 4, 2013 and is set to be released.

</doc>
<doc id="20568918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568918" title="Out of the Shadows">
Out of the Shadows

Out Of The Shadows is a 1962 rock album by British group The Shadows. It was their second album.
Notes.
Recording.
Recorded on all analogue equipment in real time with each track recorded on a one track per day basis with no overdubs or edits on a 2 track recording machine within Studio 2. Rather than a stereo mix being mixed down into a mono version both stereo and mono mixes were recorded separately within the same session on the same day. Mistakes made during the recording sessions resulted in immediate retakes thus multiple versions of all tracks exist in EMI's tape vaults. 
All the tracks were recorded in several sessions over a 6-month period, in 8 session-days, during which other singles (e.g. "Guitar tango", "All day", "What a lovely tune", "Groanin'(unissueed)", "Les girls" (Cliff LP), "Round and round" (Cliff LP)); EPs such as "The Boys" (EP) - 4 tracks) were intermediately recorded as well.
This was the first Shadows album to feature Brian Licorice Locking, who replaced Jet Harris midway through the album's creation. The album is also the first album for Brian Bennett.
Style.
The British public in 1961-62 anticipated an all instrumental second album but the Shadows and Paramor wanted to produce an album showcasing their numerous diverse talents instead. The album nevertheless features 6 (out of 13) all new original compositions written by all members of the Shadows in various permutations. By contrast, the second album of rival instrumental rock band The Ventures was an all instrumental one. The album is also much slower and smoother than the previous album.
Release and reception.
The album reached the no. 1 slot in the UK album charts in 1962. No singles were released from it, though 2 EPs were: "Out of the Shadows" and "Out of the Shadows no.2" both in mono and stereo.
Only track "Little B" has been used to promote this album when on tour in 1962 and has been used as first choice Shadows drum solo for live concerts from 1962 to 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20568928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568928" title="Virginia School Leaders Institute">
Virginia School Leaders Institute

The Virginia School Leaders Institute (VSLI) is a concept developed cooperatively in the Commonwealth of Virginia to provide a transition and mentoring relationship for new school leaders. The program is not a part of any required licensure program, but is developed to create optional experiential opportunities for new school leaders to assist them in their new role as school leaders. The effort is a cooperative venture between a consortium of nineteen school divisions and local universities, with Virginia Tech playing the major role in the fiscal operation. The operation of the institutes is also in cooperation with the outreach program aligned with the Hotel Roanoke, which is also part of the Virginia Tech effort.

</doc>
<doc id="20568935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568935" title="Harcourt Mortimer Bengough">
Harcourt Mortimer Bengough

Major General Sir Harcourt Mortimer Bengough KCB (25 November 1837 – 20 March 1922) joined the British Army in 1855, and retired in 1899, after more than forty years of distinguished service from the Crimea to all quarters of the Empire.
Early life and career.
Bengough was born on 25 November 1837, and educated at Rugby School in Warwickshire from 1851.
He was added to the Commander-in-Chief’s list of potential officers in February 1853, aged barely 16. He was commissioned ensign by purchase in the 77th Regiment of Foot on 22 March 1855, and promoted lieutenant on 3 October of the same year. He achieved his captaincy by purchase on 30 December 1864. He was granted a brevet majority on 1 October 1877 which was made substantive on 2 February 1878.
Bengough was versed in languages and used that skill to produced a booklet on the Zulu language just before he left England. The booklet was made available in the Colony. And, even though the booklet was not officially required, it still received publicity through a mention in the local press and in the General Orders. Towards the end of the Crimean War, Bengough entered that war. Bengough also served in Australia and India.
The Anglo-Zulu Wars.
Lt-Col Bengough arrived in Natal with the 77th Foot in December 1878. He was placed in command of the 2nd Battalion Natal Native Contingent, which formed part of Durnford’s Column, and which was left to protect the frontier at Kranz Kop on the departure of that force to join Glyn’s Column. He crossed the Buffalo River in command of the battalion on 22 January 1879. On receipt of the news of the disaster at Isandlwana, he hastened towards Rorke's Drift, intending to join the General’s force. En route, he received orders to proceed to Helpmakaar near Dundee, KwaZulu-Natal. Bengough was ordered to Umsinga, where, despite the desertion of large numbers of his men, he constructed Fort Bengough. He joined the division of General Edward Newdigate in May, in command of the battalion of which the numbers had increased and the discipline improved. He and the battalion took part in the advance into Zululand. He commanded the headquarters and three companies which were present at the Battle of Ulundi. Bengough was Mentioned in Despatches by General Newdigate on 6 July 1879, who reported the good service rendered by the battalion in scouting and outpost duties during the action. Bengough then served in command of the battalion in Russell’s Column until the capture of the King Cetewayo, when it was disbanded.
Bengough visited the kraal near where the Prince Imperial was killed and recalled that he 'brought away as a memento of the sad event a knobkerry stick, which I found in the kraal, and which now hangs in the hall of my house.' In the wake of a famous battle, especially one that marked the culmination of a war such as Ulundi on 4 July 1879, every European involved in the battle appeared to want to own an object that could serve as a reminder of the event.
Later career.
In common with a number of other officers after the Anglo-Zulu War, Major Bengough was promoted to brevet lieutenant colonel on 29 November 1879, he returned to regimental duty on 21 June 1880, and he received substantive promotion to that rank on 1 July 1881. He was on half-pay for a period commencing on 29 April 1882, when he was appointed Assistant Adjutant General at Madras. and was promoted colonel on the 29 November 1883. He took part in the Third Anglo-Burmese War, and was Mentioned in Despatches on 26 March 1886. He was given command of a Brigade in the Madras Army on 8 November 1886, and was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) on 26 November 1886. He relinquished command of the brigade on 13 November 1891. He was appointed local major general, when he went to Jamaica on 25 October 1893. The rank was made permanent on 13 February 1894, and he relinquished the Jamaica command on 19 December 1894. 
His last command was of the 1st Infantry Brigade of the Aldershot Division with the rank of major general, he relinquished command on 1 December 1897. He retired from the service on 29 November 1898; Bengough himself says that he did so "a little before the Boer War of 1899". He was promoted Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) on 26 June 1908. He died in West Bognor on 20 March 1922.
Interest in sport.
Whilst commanding the 1st Infantry Brigade in Aldershot in the 1890s he expressed the opinion that: "There can be no better pastime for soldiers than football, combining as it does skill, judgment, pluck. resource, activity — all soldierly qualities — and affording amusement to all, from the recruit enjoying the humble punt-about on the parade groundto the crowds of enthusiasts keenly watching a hard contested struggle for the final ties for the Army Cup."
In his memoirs he gives an interesting account of his adventures in the realm of sport — pig-sticking, tiger-shooting, and pursuing other forms of game in India and elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20568945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568945" title="The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies">
The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies

The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies is a Ziegfeld Follies style dance and musical review show that plays at the historic Plaza Theatre in Palm Springs, California, United States, seasonally from November to mid-May. The Follies was founded in 1990 by Riff Markowitz and Mary Jardin. Impresario Markowitz also serves as the show's Managing Director and Emcee. The show is often credited with helping to revitalize and maintain the downtown area by bringing in patrons from around the globe. The Follies is unique in that it only features performers 55 and older and holds Guinness World Records for this claim to fame. It was the subject of a short documentary titled "" which was nominated at the 70th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject Documentary. A segment that aired on Seattle television station KOMO-TV that featured the Follies received an Emmy in 1997. The shows attract approximately 170,000 attendees yearly. On June 5, 2013, co-founders Markowitz and Jardin announced they would close the Follies on May 18, 2014. 
__NOTOC__
Performers.
The Follies has a cast of both featured and guest performers.
Featured Follies performers (past and present) include:
Guest performers (headliners) have included:
Past headliners have included:
Production.
Musician Johnny Harris has served as the conductor since 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20568948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568948" title="1968–69 Slovenian Republic League">
1968–69 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20568954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568954" title="Margaret Pritchard">
Margaret Pritchard

Margaret Pritchard is a former Welsh radio and television broadcaster, best known for her work at HTV Wales.
Pritchard joined HTV Wales in 1971 as a newsreader and presenter, working on a variety of programmes in both the Welsh and English languages. She later became a in-vision continuity announcer and concentrated on presenting a number of social affairs programmes for the station.
Pritchard left HTV in December 1992 when in-vision continuity was abandoned. In May 2000, she became the Chief Executive of George Thomas Hospice Care in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan and five years later, won the Western Mail award for "Welsh Woman of the Year in the Community". She is also a non-executive director of the Pontypridd & Rhondda NHS Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="20568957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568957" title="Smile×Smile">
Smile×Smile

Smile×Smile (released on July 24, 2003) is J-pop artist Mayumi Iizuka's seventh album and was produced by Tore Johansson, who is a Swedish musician.
Exposition.
This, Mayumi Iizuka's seventh album, was produced by Tore Johansson and has ten songs. All of the songs were written the lyrics solely by Iizuka and containing two previously released singles, i.e. "Pure" (#5) and "Kikasete yo Kimi no Koe" (#10). A few songs were composed or arranged by three Swedish musicians, including Johansson.
Also, the sleeve is in a handwritten style by Iizuka in Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="20568959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568959" title="A Place in the Land">
A Place in the Land

A Place in the Land is a 1998 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
A Place in the Land considers the history of conservation stewardship in America as reflected in the property of Billings Farm, an operating dairy farm first established in 1871, and the Mount Tom, as well as through the work of George Perkins Marsh, Frederick Billings, and Laurance Rockefeller who were successive residents of the estate. The documentary is shown daily at the visitor center for the Billings Farm & Museum and the Marsh-Billings-Rockefeller National Historical Park. The National Park Service and the American Memory project of the Library of Congress served as advisers to the Woodstock Foundation in the production of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20568987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568987" title="Omanoor">
Omanoor

Omanoor is a village in the Malappuram district, Kerala, India.
The village is in Cheekode Panchayath. There have LP, UP, HSS in this village, and most of the people are daily workers. Omanoor has many historical stories..

</doc>
<doc id="20568989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20568989" title="John Mayhew">
John Mayhew

John Mayhew may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20569005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569005" title="Cross-Country Crime">
Cross-Country Crime

Cross-country Crime is a Hardy Boys Digest novel by Franklin W. Dixon, a pseudonym. It is the 134th book in the long-established Hardy Boys series of detective/adventure books, a series written for teenage readers over many years by a number of ghostwriters, most notably Leslie McFarlane.
Plot summary.
The Hardy brothers go for a vacation in the town of Evergreen. There, they meet a man suffering from amnesia who is a prime suspect for a bank robbery.

</doc>
<doc id="20569009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569009" title="Sunrise Over Tiananmen Square">
Sunrise Over Tiananmen Square

Sunrise Over Tiananmen Square () is a 1998 National Film Board of Canada short animated documentary directed by Shui-Bo Wang. It is an autobiography about the director's life, career and ultimate disillusionment with The People's Republic of China. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short, losing to "The Personals".
Other honours for the film included the Gemini Award for Best History/Biography Documentary program and the award for Best Short Documentary at Hot Docs.

</doc>
<doc id="20569010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569010" title="Leo Honkala">
Leo Honkala

Leo Ilmo Honkala (born January 8, 1933) is a Finnish wrestler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Oulu.
Honkala won the bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics in wrestling, behind gold medalist Boris Maksovich Gurevich of the Soviet Union and silver medalist Ignazio Fabra of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20569018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569018" title="Jiangxi–Fujian Soviet">
Jiangxi–Fujian Soviet

The Jiangxi–Fujian Soviet (commonly called the Jiangxi Soviet) was the largest component territory of the Chinese Soviet Republic (), an unrecognized state established in November 1931 by Mao Zedong and Zhu De during the Chinese civil war. Geographically, the Jiangxi–Fujian Soviet occupied China's Jiangxi and Fujian provinces and was home to the town of Ruijin, the county seat and headquarters of the Chinese Soviet government.
The Jiangxi-Fujian base area was defended ably by the First Red Front Army but in 1934 was finally overrun by the Kuomintang government's National Revolutionary Army in the Fifth of its Encirclement Campaigns. This last campaign in 1934-35 precipitated the most famous of the grand retreats known collectively as the Long March.
Beginning.
On November 7, 1931, the anniversary of the 1917 Russian Bolshevik Revolution, the Soviet Union helped organize a National Soviet People's Delegates Conference in Ruijin (瑞金), Jiangxi province. Ruijin was the county seat, and was selected as the capital of the new Soviet republic. "Chinese Soviet Republic" (Chinese: "中華蘇維埃共和國") was born, even though the majority of China was still under the control of the nationalist Government of the Republic of China. On that day, they had an open ceremony for the new country, and Mao Zedong and other Communists attended the military parade. Because it had its own bank, printed its own money, collected tax through its own tax bureau, it is therefore considered as the beginning of Two Chinas.
With Mao Zedong as both Head of State (中央执行委员会主席, Chairman of the Central Executive Committee) and Head of Government (人民委员会主席, Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars), the CSR expanded, especially its Jiangxi-Fujian territory, which reached a peak of more than 30,000 square kilometres and a population that numbered more than three million, covering considerable parts of two provinces (with Tingzhou in Fujian). Furthermore, its economy was doing better than most areas that were under the control of the Chinese warlords. In addition to the militia and guerrilla, its regular army alone already numbered more than 140,000 by the early 1930s, and they were better armed than most Chinese warlords' armies at the time. For example, not only did the Chinese Red Army already have modern communication means such as telephones, telegraphs and radios which most Chinese warlords' armies still lacked, it was already regularly transmitting wireless messages in codes and breaking nationalist codes. Only Chiang Kai-shek's army could match this formidable Communist force.
Encirclement.
The Kuomintang (KMT), led by Chiang Kai-shek, felt threatened by the Soviet republic and led other Chinese warlords to have the National Revolutionary Army besiege the various enclaves of the Soviet Republic repeatedly, launching what Chiang and his fellow nationalists called Encirclement Campaigns (the Communists called their counterattacks counter encirclement campaigns). Chiang Kai-shek's first, second and third military encirclements were defeated by the First Front Red Army. But the Red Army was nearly halved, with most its equipment lost during Chiang and von Seeckt's Fifth Encirclement Campaign, utilising fortified blockhouses.
In an effort to break the blockade, the Red Army under the orders of the three-man committee besieged the forts many times but suffered heavy casualties with little success. The Jiangxi–Fujian Soviet shrank significantly in size due to the disastrous manpower and material losses. By the fall of 1934, the Communists faced total annihilation. This situation had already convinced Mao Zedong and his supporters to believe that the Communists should abandon their bases in the Jiangxi Soviet republic. However, the Communist leadership stubbornly refused to accept the inevitable failure and still daydreamed of defeating the victorious nationalist forces. The three man committee devised a plan of diversions, and then a regroup after a temporary retreat. Once the regroup was complete, a counterattack would be launched in conjunction with the earlier diversion forces, driving the enemy out of the Jiangxi Soviet.
The first movements of the retreating diversion were undertaken by Fang Zhimin. Fang Zhimin and his deputy, Xun Weizhou, were first to break through Kuomintang lines in June, followed by Xiao Ke in August. These movements surprised the Kuomintang, who were numerically superior to the Communists at the time and did not expect an attack on their fortified perimeter. However, things did not turn out as the Communists had hoped: Fang Zhimin's force was crushed after its initial success, and with Xun Weizhou killed in action, nearly every commander in this force was wounded and captured alive, including Fang Zhimin himself, and all were executed later by the nationalists. The only exception was Su Yu, who managed to escape. Xiao Ke fared no better: although his force initially managed to break through and then reached He Long's Communist base in Hubei, but even with their combined forces, they were unable to challenge the far superior nationalist force besieging the Jiangxi Soviet, never to return until the establishment of the People's Republic of China 15 years later.
The failure of the diversion forces resulted in their loss of contacts with the Jiangxi Soviet, and the Communist leadership failed to coordinate its next proper move in a timely fashion, still believing that a temporary retreat near or within the Jiangxi Soviet would allow them to recover and counterattack, eventually driving out the nationalist force.
Collapse.
In late September 1934, Chiang distributed his top secret plan named "Iron Bucket Plan" to everyone in his general headquarter at Lushan (the alternative summer site to Nanchang), which detailed the final push to totally annihilate all Communist forces. The plan was to build 30 blockade lines supported by 30 barbed wire fences, most of them electric, in the region 150 km around Ruijin, to starve the Communists. In addition, more than 1,000 trucks were to be mobilized to form a rapid reaction force in order to prevent any Communist breakout. Realizing the certain annihilation of the Communists, Mo Xiong (莫雄) handed the document weighing several kilograms to his Communist handler Xiang Yunian (項與年) the same night he received it, risking not only his own life, but that of his entire family.
With the help of Liu Yafo (劉亞佛) and Lu Zhiying (盧志英), the Communist agents copied the important intelligence onto four dictionaries and Xiang Yunian (項與年) was tasked to take the intelligence personally to the Jiangxi Soviet. The trip was hazardous, as the nationalist force would arrest and even execute anyone who attempted to cross the blockade. Xiang Yunian (項與年) was forced to hide in the mountains for a while, and then used rocks to knock out 4 of his own teeth, resulting in swollen face. Disguised as a beggar, he tore off the covers of the four dictionaries and hid them at the bottom of his bag with rotten food, then successfully crossed several lines of the blockade and reached Ruijin on October 7, 1934. The valuable intelligence provided by Mo Xiong (莫雄) finally convinced the Communists in Jiangxi Soviet to abandon its base and started a general retreat before Chiang could complete the building of his blockade lines with supporting barbed wire fences, and mobilizing trucks and troops, thus saving themselves from total annihilation.
As the result of their catastrophic defeat, Xiang Ying was removed from his post of the chairman of the communist central military committee, and replaced by Zhou Enlai. Xiang Ying was put in charge of 20,000 soldiers that were assigned to stay behind in Jiangxi Soviet to continue the fight against the nationalists, after the communist main force consisted of more than 80,000 had broken out. Xiang Ying was assisted by other top ranking communist cadres assigned to stay behind with him, including Chen Yi, Zeng Shan, He Chang (贺昌), and Ruan Xiaoxian (阮啸仙), but Xiang had not learned from his previous disastrous blunder and continued his early practice when conducting battles, against the strong objection of Chen Yi. As a result of another huge blunder committed by Xiang Ying, the Chinese Red Army stayed behind was soon annihilated by the superior nationalist force, Xiang was barely able to escape with his own life, while many of his comrades were killed, including He Chang (贺昌) and Ruan Xiaoxian (阮啸仙). So insignificant was the communist threat left had become that the nationalist reward for capturing Chen Yi was once dropped to 500 dollars in silver, a tiny .25% of its earlier peak of 200,000 dollars in silver.
On October 10, 1934, the three-man committee Communist leadership formally issued the order of the general retreat, and on October 16, 1934, the Chinese Red Army begun what was later known as the Long March, fully abandoning the Jiangxi Soviet. 17 days after the main Communist force had already left its base, the nationalists were finally aware that the enemy had escaped after reaching the empty city of Ruijin on November 5, 1934. Contrary to the common erroneous belief, the original destination was He Long's Communist base in Hubei, and the final destination Yan'an was not decided on until much later during the Long March, well after the rise of Mao Zedong. To avoid panic, the goal was kept a secret from most people, including Mao Zedong, and the public was told that only a portion of the Chinese Red Army would be engaged in mobile warfare to defeat nationalist forces, and thus this part of the army would be renamed as "Field Army".
First Front Red Army.
However, the so-called the portion of the Chinese Red Army engaged in the mobile warfare was actually the majority portion of the Communist force making a general retreat, but the bulk of this force was only a fraction of what used to be more than 140,000 men army at its peak. With most of its equipment lost, many of the surviving members of the Chinese Red Army were forced to arm themselves with ancient weaponry. According to the "Statistical Chart of the Field Army Personnel, Weaponry, Ammunition, and Supply" completed by the Chinese Red Army on October 8, 1934, two days before the Long March begun, the Communist Long March force consisted of:
Order of battle.
The escaping communists included a total of 72,313 combatants, and additional noncombatants, and they were organized into 7 formations, 5 armies (called legions by the communists) and 2 divisions (called columns by the communists), and these included:
The 5 armies and the 2 columns had a total of 86,859 combatants when they first left their abandoned base in Jiangxi.
Weaponry.
The "Statistical Chart of Field Army Personnel, Weaponry, Ammunition, and Supply" (Currently kept at the "People's Liberation Army'"s "Archives") also provided the weaponry and provisions prepared for the Long March, and the weapons deployed included:
Other weapons included:
Various weapons were also deployed but their numbers were not counted, and these included:
muzzle-loading rifled muskets and smoothbore muskets
Economics.
1.642 million dollars of the Soviet Republic. Most of the stamps are imperforate and are printed on white newspaper-quality paper. The numerals printed on the stamp are of the complex style to prevent forgery.
When the Long March began in October 1934, the Communist bank was part of the retreating force, with 14 bank employees, over a hundred coolies and a company of soldiers escorting them while they carried all of the money and mint machinery. One of the important tasks of the bank during the Long March whenever the Chinese Red Army stayed in a place for longer than a day was to tell the local population to exchange any Communist paper bills and copper coins to goods and currency used in nationalist controlled regions, so that the local population would not be persecuted by the pursuing nationalists after the Communists had left. After the Zunyi Conference, it was decided that carrying the entire bank on the march was not practical, so on January 29, 1935, at Earth Town (Tucheng, 土城), the bank employees burned all Communist paper bills and mint machinery under order. By the time the Long March had concluded in October 1935, only 8 out of the 14 original employees survived; the other 6 had died along the way.

</doc>
<doc id="20569024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569024" title="Kosli language">
Kosli language

Kosli (; "Koshali"), also known as Sambalpuri, is the Indo-Aryan language of Western Odisha. Once considered a dialect of Oriya language, it is now recognized as a distinct language.
Sambalpuri is largely incomprehensible to speakers of Oriya. Literary works started being produced in the late 20th century. Samalpuri songs are famous throughout Odisha and parts of Chhatisgarh.
History.
Kosli descends from Ardha Magadhi Prakrit, along with other languages of eastern India. Ardha Magadhi Prakrit gave rise to Ardha Magadhi Apabhramsa, which evolved into Purbi Eastern Hindi, which in turn formed the languages of Awadhi, Bagheli, Chhattisgarhi and Kosli. Thus Kosli has evolved from the Southern form of Ardha Magadhi Apabhramsa. Purbi Hindi has got the characteristics of both Purbi Sourseni and Ardha Magadhi, as it evolved from Ardha Magadhi Prakrit.
Geographical distribution.
Kosli is spoken in the Sambalpur, Balangir, Bargarh, Sonepur, Kalahandi, Sundargarh, Boudh, Deogarh, Nuapada and Jharsuguda districts of Odisha state by a population of around 9 million as of 2001. It is also the mother tongue of a sizable population of Raipur, Mahasamund and Raigarh districts of Chhattisgarh state. Nearly half million Kosli speakers reside in Chhattisgarh, where they are officially recognized as Oriya speakers.
Official status.
See Kosli language movement
Writing system.
Sambalpuri does not have a separate script. Most of the printed material is written in Oriya script. Some books articles in Newspaper, magazines are printed in Devanagari. Those in Orissa who advocate complete separation from the Oriya language prefer to write in Devanagari, which is gradually gaining popularity. Sambalpuri speakers in Chhattisgarh also use Devanagari. There is some writing in Roman script as well; Roman is generally used for MSM and on the internet.
Vocabulary.
Much Sambalpuri vocabulary is set out in "Samalpuri Oriya Shabdakosha". Samalpuri words include ones with Sanskrit, Hindi-Urdu, and English origins.
Literature.
Like the languages of north India and Central India, such as Braj, Bundeli, Awadhi, Bagheli, Maithili, Magahi, Bhojpuri, Nagpuri (Sadri), Chhattisgarhi etc., no written literature was developed in Sambalpuri language till the late nineteenth century. Thus Sambalpuri language remained neglected and was considered a dialect of Oriya. Ancient stone inscriptions, writing on copper plates, palm leaves are not available in this language. The first writing in this language appeared in the year 1891 in the weekly magazine "Sambalpur Hiteisani" published from "Deogarh". It was titled "Sambalpur Anchalar Praachin Kabitaa", written by"Madhusudan".Following is an excerpt from the poem:
""kaha go dUtI muin kenta karsin go"
"nandapua kAnhAke dekhle badA kAbA lAgsi go""
""disu thisi kaliA TarTar"
"pindhi thisi haldiA jarjar"
"dhob farfarTe jAnbArirTe"
beke ulei hesi go""
Then,
2 – "Jatan" wrote "Bhulaaman Chautisaa" between 1900 and 1910.
3 – "Chaitan Das" wrote "Chadhei Chautisaa" between 1900 and 1910.
4 – "Baalaaji Meher" wrote between 1910 and 1920 – <br> I- "Gundiaa",<br>II- "Gaud Gaman",<br> III- "Kumbhaar Pasraa",<br> IV- "Sunari Pasaraa".
5 – "Lakshman Pati" wrote between 1915 and 1925 -<br>I- Aadi Bandanaa,<br>II- Munush Baran,<br>III- Maaejhi Baran,<br>IV- Bhuliaa Pasaraa,<br> V- Kanrraa Pasaraa,<br>VI- Kharraa Pasaraa,<br> VII- Teli Pasaraa,<br> VIII- Sabar leelaa.
6-"Kapil Mahaapaatar" wrote "Gaunliaa Raamaayana" between 1925 and 1930.
In this way, between 1891 and 1947, a total of 35 poets wrote 64 poems only. The period up to 1891 A.D. can be termed as the dark age in the history of Sambalpuri literature. From 1891 to 1970 can be termed as the infant stage of Sambalpuri literature as very few Sambalpuri literature was produced during this period. Up until 1970, it was successfully planted in the minds of people of Western Orissa by the people of Coastal Orissa, that "Sambalpuri is a distorted and corrupt version of Oriya", therefore, literature should be created in standard Oriya only and not in Samalpuri. Many, including Bhima Bhoi and Gangadhar Meher, were victim of such false propaganda and therefore, dedicated themselves to the creation of Oriya literature, thereby keeping their mother tongue, Samalpuri, abandoned in a dark corner. Only after 1970 there was an awakening and people realized that their mother tongue is Sambalpuri and not Oriya. Satya Narayan Bohidar was the first man who not only created Sambalpuri literature but also encouraged others to write in Sambalpuri. He also proved in many literary forums that Sambalpuri is a separate language. From 1970 onwards people of Western Orissa realized that Sambalpuri is a separate language and literature can be produced in this language. More and more people engaged themselves in creating Sambalpuri literature. A brief account of the contribution of Samalpuri writers, whose contribution has enriched Samalpuri literature is given here. It is neither feasible nor desirable to give an exhaustive list of writers and books of Sambalpuri language. Only those writers, whose work have boosted the development of Sambalpuri literature or enhanced the image of Sambalpuri literature is mentioned below.
After the year 2000, many writers of Kosal, have given up producing Oriya literature and devoted their time and talent in creating Ksali literature like Dr. Nil Madhab Panigrahi. Presently, Kosli speaking areas are a part of Orissa state, therefore, Kosli Language is neglected. Recently, print and electronic edition of a Kosli magazine the Beni was released and gaining popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="20569045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569045" title="1999 Newsweek Champions Cup – Singles">
1999 Newsweek Champions Cup – Singles

Marcelo Ríos was the defending champion, but lost in the third round this year.
Mark Philippoussis won the title, defeating Carlos Moyà 5–7, 6–4, 6–4, 4–6, 6–2 in the final.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20569053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569053" title="1969–70 Slovenian Republic League">
1969–70 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20569055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569055" title="Limited standard">
Limited standard

Limited standard was a term used by the United States Army during World War II. The term was applied to equipment, such as the M22 Locust, which met certain standards set by the United States Ordnance Department but did not reach the standards required by the Department for the equipment to be issued to combat units.

</doc>
<doc id="20569061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569061" title="Eyewitness (1999 film)">
Eyewitness (1999 film)

Eyewitness is a 1999 American short documentary film directed by Bert Van Bork. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. The explored the lives of three artists forced to work in secret while living in Nazi death camps: Jan Komski, Dinah Gottliebova and Felix Nussbaum, and who witnessed and painted the horrors of the Holocaust. 

</doc>
<doc id="20569097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569097" title="Boris Maksovich Gurevich">
Boris Maksovich Gurevich

Boris Maksovich Gurevich (; born 23 March 1931 – 10 January 1995) was a Soviet wrestler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Moscow, and was Jewish.
Gurevich won the gold medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics in wrestling, in the flyweight division. He defeated silver medalist Ignazio Fabra of Italy and bronze medalist Leo Honkala of Finland in the final round. He won world championships in the same event in 1953 and 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20569100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569100" title="Webb Schultz">
Webb Schultz

Wilbert Carl "Webb" Schultz (January 31, 1898 – July 26, 1986) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Schultz played for the Chicago White Sox in . In 1 career game, he had a 0–0 record, going one inning, and giving up one run and one hit. He batted and threw left-handed. 
Schultz was born in Wautoma, Wisconsin and died in Delavan, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20569104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569104" title="Thirteen (song)">
Thirteen (song)

"Thirteen" is a song by the American rock band Big Star. "Rolling Stone" describes it "one of rock's most beautiful celebrations of adolescence", and rated it #406 a list of the 500 greatest songs of all time. It was written by Alex Chilton and Chris Bell.
Bill Janovitz of Buffalo Tom writes in his Allmusic review of the song, "There are few songs that capture the aching innocence of adolescence as well" and calls it a "perfect melancholy ballad".
The song was originally featured on the 1972 album "#1 Record". It was never released as a single by Big Star.
Covers.
"Thirteen" has been covered by several notable musicians. They include:
When asked if there was a Big Star cover he was especially fond of, lead singer Alex Chilton mentioned Garbage's version of this song.

</doc>
<doc id="20569111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569111" title="Ivar Mathisen">
Ivar Mathisen

Ivar Mathisen (14 June 1920 – 7 October 2008) was a Norwegian sprint canoer who competed in the 1940s and early 1950s. He received a silver medal in the K-2 10000 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London with Knut Østby. Mathisen finished fourth in the K-2 1000 m event at those same games.
Early life.
He was a member of the canoeing club Bærum KK from an early age. During the German occupation of Norway, which started before Mathisen's twentieth birthday, the club was dissolved, but several members continued training. In the autumn of 1940 Mathisen and nine others also became involved in the resistance organization Milorg, in "group 13321". They held meetings on islands in the Oslofjord during the summer, and held paramilitary exercises in the Vestmarka forested area. Often, they would pick up crates dropped by British pilots. His place of work, the paper factory at Hamang, was also the site of exercises. Laborers practised shooting with Sten submachine guns and Bren light machine guns in the cellar. Once, Mathisen told in an interview, they had stacked targets in front of an exit door, and their rounds went through the targets and the door, possibly revealing the shooting for onlookers. However, Mathisen was never discovered; according to his own statement he was never even controlled by soldiers or Gestapo.
Sporting career.
Mathisen profited from his World War II physical activity. He took his first Norwegian national title in 1946, and eight more titles would follow, the last in 1953. Five of the titles came in relay races. He competed in the 1948 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, and received a silver medal in K-1 4 x 500 metres relay, together with teammates Ivar Iversen, Hans Gulbrandsen and Eivind Skabo. Before the 1948 Summer Olympics, Mathisen and his teammate Knut Østby (also from Bærum) were considered as having the highest medal hopes in the Norwegian canoeing squad. Mathisen and Østby proceeded to win the silver medal in the K-2 10000 m event and finished fourth in the K-2 1000 m. Mathisen then received a silver medal in K-2 1000 m at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, with Knut Østby. At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, he finished fifth in both the K-2 1000 m and K-2 10000 m events.
Mathisen resided in Vøyenenga until his death in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20569117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569117" title="Powada">
Powada

The Powada () is a genre of THE Marathi poetry emerged during the late 17th century. The powadas are a kind of ballad written in an exciting style and narrate historical events in an inspiring manner. The composer-cum-singers of the powadas are known as "Shahir"s. The early powadas are mostly composed by the eye-witnesses of the great events celebrated in these ballads. 
The professional powada singers later formed a guild or caste known as the "Gondhali"s. The earliest notable powada was the "Afzal Khanacha Vadh" (The Killing of Afzal Khan) (1659) by Agnidas, which recorded Shivaji's encounter with Afzal Khan. The next notable powada was the "Tanaji Malusare" by Tulsidas, which gave an account of the capture of Simhagad fort by Tanaji. Another notable contemporary powada was the "Baji Pasalkar" by Yamaji Bhaskar. 
During the Peshwa rule, several celebrated "Shahir" poet-singers, which include Ram Joshi (1762–1812), Anant Phandi (1744–1819), Honaji Bala (1754–1844) and Prabhakar (1769–1843) composed a number of powadas. 
About sixty "powada"s were collected by Harry Arbuthnot Acworth and S. T. Shaligram and published under the title, "Itihas Prasiddha Purushanche Va Striyanche Powade" in 1891. Out of these, ten "powada"s were translated into English verse by H. A. Acworth and published as "Ballads of the Marathas" in 1894. 
In a recent Marathi movie, "Me Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy" (2009), The powada, "Afzal Khanacha Vadh" was played.

</doc>
<doc id="20569119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569119" title="Former Melbourne Magistrates' Court">
Former Melbourne Magistrates' Court

The Former Melbourne Magistrates' Court was the original home of Melbourne's City Court and District Court, and also housed an emergency court. The French Romanesque building is located on the corner of La Trobe and Russell streets in the Melbourne city centre.
History.
It was opened on 20 January 1914, and served the City for 81 years, before a new Magistrates' Court building was opened on William Street in 1995.
Notable trails conducted at the court include that of Ned Kelly, Squizzy Taylor, and members of the Eureka Stockade.
RMIT.
The Former Melbourne Magistrates' Court became part of the neighbouring City campus of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in 1997, and is officially known as RMIT Building 20 (Former Melbourne Magistrates' Court). RMIT also acquired the Former City Watch-house, located next to the Court, and together they form Building 20. The Court building is currently used for lectures and moot courts, and houses offices for RMIT's administration and Chancellery. The Watch-house building is currently used as a museum.
Architecture.
A notable feature of the District Court is the historic wooden canopy located over the seat upon which the Magistrate sits in the main courtroom. The canopy was taken from old Supreme Court which had originally been located at the site. At the corner of Latrobe Street and Russell Street, in the former main entrance, there are numerous holes in the bricks that were caused by shrapnel from the Russell Street Bombing that can still be seen today.

</doc>
<doc id="20569125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569125" title="Anal Pap smear">
Anal Pap smear

An anal Pap smear is the anal counterpart of the cervical Pap smear. It is used for the early detection of anal cancer. Some types of human papillomavirus (HPV) can cause anal cancer. Other HPV types cause anogenital warts. Individuals with a history of anal warts are at increased risk of getting anal cancer. Vaccination against HPV before initial sexual exposure can reduce the risk of anal cancer.
Indications.
There is no consensus on who should get an anal Pap smear. Some individuals recommend that all men and women who have anal sex should have an anal Pap smear performed regularly. Some recommend it for all men who have had sex with men, for all individuals with HIV and anal warts, or for all individuals with a history of anal warts. Cost-effectiveness modeling shows that anal Pap smears are cost-effective if performed in HIV-positive men with history of anal warts every year, and in HIV-negative men with history of anal warts every three years.
An informal survey of local infectious-disease doctors in southeast Michigan suggested that few know where to send patients for an anal Pap smear. The procedure is very simple, and can be easily performed in any doctor's office with a little training. 
Procedure.
Typically, a small brush or cotton-tipped rod is inserted into the anus. The cells collected by the brush or rod are smeared onto a glass slide, air-dried, and sealed with an adhesive. Many medical offices prefer to suspend the collected cells in a liquid medium; the suspension is then plated on a glass slide. The specimen is sent to a pathologist, indicating the source of the smear (anal canal). The suspended cells can also be used for HPV typing.
The procedure is easily performed in a doctor's office, using the same kit as for cervical cancer detection. It can be performed quickly, as a vaginal speculum or anoscope is not required.
Treatment.
A person might be referred to a colorectal surgeon, an infectious disease doctor, or a physician trained in colposcopy, examination, or biopsy of this region. At a minimum, a digital rectal exam is performed. A proctoscopic exam might follow. Ultimately, a biopsy might be performed, with or without the aid of a colposcope, a dermatoscope, or a high resolution anoscopy.

</doc>
<doc id="20569135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569135" title="1970–71 Slovenian Republic League">
1970–71 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20569144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569144" title="Swienca family">
Swienca family

The Swienca family was a medieval Pomeranian noble family which held high offices under various political powers in the Lands of Schlawe and Stolp (Sławno and Słupsk) and Pomerelia from the mid-13th to the mid-14th centuries. It is named after its founder, Swienca or Swieca (Polish "Święca", German "Swenzo"; referred to as "Swenzo, Swenso" or "Suenzo" in contemporary documents), the oldest of two brothers.
In Pomerelia, the Swiencas were transiently the most powerful family after the dukes. In the Lands of Sławno (Schlawe) and Słupsk (Stolp), the region in Farther Pomerania between river Unieść (Nestbach) in the West and the river Łeba (Leba) in the East, the border to Pomerelia, they ruled de facto autonomously under various dynasties until finally the sons of Wartislaw IV of Pomerania-Wolgast of the House of Pomerania made use of their rights as legal sovereigns of the Lands of Schlawe and Stolp and limited the power of the Swienca family considerably. 
The Puttkamer family considers them to be their first documented ancestors. However, historians are divided on this issue.
Coat of arms.
The escutcheon of the Swienca family consisted of a griffin the lower half of the body of which is replaced by a sturgeon's tail, a type of arms known in heraldry as a fish griffin (German: "Fischgreif"). The fish griffin appears also in the escutcheons of the town of Darłowo.

</doc>
<doc id="20569145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569145" title="Chapi-chapi">
Chapi-chapi

Chapi-chapi is a small, two-stick kite that can be quickly constructed from cheap materials such as newspapers, broom sticks, or discarded plastic sheet. It is very popular in the Philippines. The name itself colloquially means, "assembled fast" or "quickly improvised". A strong, straight stick is used for the vertical frame. The horizontal stick is tensioned into a bow in order to provide greater support for the paper or plastic sheet. A very long bottom tail is almost always necessary, while the side tails or fins are optional.
This kite, with a simple two-point bridle, has moderate lateral roll and flutter (oscillation), that some kite fliers prefer in kite fighting, over stable, quiet flight. Unlike the diamond-shaped Malay kite and Eddy, no extra strings are used in the edges for the frame, making the "chapi-chapi" easier and faster to assemble but relatively more fragile. The "chapi-chapi" is quite similar but not identical to the Thai "female" kite called pakpao, to the Patang or Indian fighter kite, and to the Nagasaki Hata or Matt Star fighter kite.
The kite shown in the 1999 Filipino film "Saranggola" was a "chapi-chapi".

</doc>
<doc id="20569147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569147" title="Chinese Soviet Republic (disambiguation)">
Chinese Soviet Republic (disambiguation)

Chinese Soviet Republic may refer to - 

</doc>
<doc id="20569148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569148" title="Ministry of Industry, Energy and Tourism (Iceland)">
Ministry of Industry, Energy and Tourism (Iceland)

The Icelandic Ministry of Industry, Energy and Tourism (Icelandic: "") is one of the cabinet-level government ministries responsible for Iceland's economy. It shares that responsibility with the Ministry of Business Affairs (responsible for banking and trade) and the Ministry of Fisheries (fishing making up some 40% of Iceland's exports). Since 2009, the responsible minister is Katrín Júlíusdóttir of the Social Democratic Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="20569163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569163" title="Jared Bernstein">
Jared Bernstein

Jared Bernstein (born 1955) is a Senior Fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. From 2009 to 2011, Bernstein was the Chief Economist and Economic Adviser to Vice President Joseph Biden in the Obama Administration. Bernstein is considered to represent a progressive, pro-labor perspective.
Early life and education.
Born to a Jewish-American family, Bernstein graduated with a Bachelors Degree in Fine Arts from the Manhattan School of Music where he studied double bass with Orin O'Brien. He earned a Masters Degree in Social Work from the Hunter College School of Social Work, and, from Columbia University, he received a Masters Degree in Philosophy and a Ph.D. in Social Welfare. 
Career.
Bernstein has taught at Howard University, Columbia University and New York University. His areas of interest include "federal, state and international economic policies, specifically the middle class squeeze, income inequality and mobility, trends in employment and earnings, low-wage labor markets, poverty, and international comparisons." He is known as a critic of free trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). 
In 1992, Bernstein started working as a senior official at the Economic Policy Institute (EPI), a liberal think tank with a focus on issues affecting low- and middle-income working people. From 1995 to 1996, he served in the United States Department of Labor as Deputy Chief Economist. He then returned to the EPI, as senior economist and director of the Living Standards Program, until he was selected by Biden. His designated job on the Vice Presidential staff is a new position, created because of "the critical nature of the economic challenges facing America." Upon his appointment, some journalists claimed that it "contrasts sharply with the more centrist views of many of president-elect Barack Obama's economic advisers.
Bernstein sits on the Congressional Budget Office's Advisory Committee. He is a contributor at the financial news network CNBC. He also was appointed Executive Director of the Middle Class Working Families Task Force and is responsible for direct management of the project. 
Paul Krugman, a Nobel laureate in economics and a noted progressive columnist, argued in Nov. 2008 that, given the centrist makeup of President Barack Obama's economic inner circle, the new Economic Recovery Advisory Board could be used to "give progressive economists a voice," and mentioned Bernstein and fellow EPI economist, and EPI president, Lawrence Mishel among others as progressive economists who might be suitable for the board.
Publications.
Bernstein's books include "All Together Now: Common Sense for a Fair Economy" and "Crunch: Why Do I Feel So Squeezed? (And Other Unsolved Economic Mysteries)". He coauthored the last nine editions of "The State of Working America", an ongoing analysis published since 1988 by the Economic Policy Institute, as well as coauthoring "The Benefits of Full Employment: When Markets Work for People", where he states that "ow unemployment by itself cannot address
all the inequities in society," and advocates that "ther forms of intervention are still
needed to assist disadvantaged populations."
He is a regular columnist for The American Prospect online, a contributor to the CNBC financial news television network, and an op-ed writer in the "New York Times" and the "Washington Post". He has also written Diary entries on the Daily Kos website.

</doc>
<doc id="20569168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569168" title="Radiosportens Jerringpris">
Radiosportens Jerringpris

Radiosportens Jerringpris is a prize established by Radiosporten, the sport section of Sveriges Radio, voted by its radio audience who choose the Swedish athlete or team that has made the best sport performance of the year.. The prize is named after Swedish radio personality Sven Jerring. It is also called "the prize of the people", since it is the radio audience who vote.
The first prize was awarded in 1979, and the winner was the alpine skier Ingemar Stenmark, and the person who has been awarded the most times is the biathlete Magdalena Forsberg, with four awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20569192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569192" title="Warde Manuel">
Warde Manuel

Warde J. Manuel (born c. 1968) is an American college athletics administrator and former American football player. He was named the Director of Athletics at the University of Connecticut on February 12, 2012. From August 29, 2005 to February 12, 2012, Manuel was the athletic director at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York. Prior to arriving at Buffalo, Manuel was an associate athletic director at the University of Michigan.
Early life and playing career.
Manuel played high school football at Brother Martin High School in New Orleans. He was a first team high school All-American. He enrolled at the University of Michigan where he played defensive tackle for the Wolverines from 1986 to 1989 before suffering a career-ending neck injury.
Administrative career.
Manuel was responsible for the hiring of Turner Gill as the head coach of Buffalo's football team. Under Gill the team achieved its first winning season and first invitation to a post season bowl game since the program joined Division I (NCAA) athletics in 1999. Manuel has helped change Buffalo's image and marketing strategy. Immediately after he took office, Manuel replaced the old "Bull Head" logo with a sleeker, more modern bull. Manuel also increased the athletics budget from $11 million to $25 million within three years of his hiring.

</doc>
<doc id="20569202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569202" title="Union Club of Boston">
Union Club of Boston

The Union Club of Boston, founded in 1863, is one of the oldest gentlemen's clubs in the United States. It is located on Beacon Hill, adjacent to the Massachusetts State House. The clubhouse at No. 8 Park Street overlooks the Boston Common, and offers spectacular views of the Common itself, Boston's historic Back Bay, and the hills to the city's west.
The Union Club was formed by members of another prominent Boston gentlemen's club, the Somerset Club, after disagreement over support (or lack thereof) for the Union cause during the American Civil War. The club is a meeting place for prominent individuals from business and the professions.

</doc>
<doc id="20569215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569215" title="Acute decompensated heart failure">
Acute decompensated heart failure

Acute decompensated heart failure (ADHF) is a worsening of the symptoms, typically shortness of breath (dyspnea), edema and fatigue, in a patient with existing heart disease. ADHF is a common and potentially serious cause of acute respiratory distress.
Causes.
Chronic stable heart failure may easily decompensate. This most commonly results from an intercurrent illness (such as pneumonia), myocardial infarction (a heart attack), arrhythmias, uncontrolled hypertension, or a patient's failure to maintain a fluid restriction, diet or medication. Other well recognised precipitating factors include anaemia and hyperthyroidism which place additional strain on the heart muscle. Excessive fluid or salt intake, and medication that causes fluid retention such as NSAIDs and thiazolidinediones, may also precipitate decompensation.
Acute myocardial infarction can precipitate acute decompensated heart failure and will necessitate emergent revascularization with thrombolytics, percutaneous coronary intervention, or coronary artery bypass graft.
Diagnosis.
A jugular venous distension is the most sensitive clinical sign for acute decompensation.
Treatment.
In acute decompensated heart failure, the immediate goal is to re-establish adequate perfusion and oxygen delivery to end organs. This entails ensuring that airway, breathing, and circulation are adequate.
Oxygen.
Supplemental oxygen may be administered if hypoxemia is present; the Heart Failure Society of America, however, has recommended that it not be used routinely.
Pharmacological.
Initial therapy of acute decompensated heart failure usually includes some combination of a vasodilator such as nitroglycerin, a diuretic such as furosemide, and non invasive positive pressure ventilation (NIPPV).
Even if symptoms of heart failure are not present, medications can be used to treat the symptoms that are being experienced. These medicines work to control these symptoms as well as treat other health problems that might be present. They can work to improve the quality of life, slow down the progression of heart failure and reduce the risk for other complications that can occur due to heart failure. It's very important to take proper medicines exactly as prescribed by the physician.
A number of different medications are required for people who are experiencing heart failure. Common types of medications that are prescribed for heart failure patients include ACE inhibitors, vasodilators, beta blockers, blood thinners, calcium channel blockers, and cholesterol lowering medications. Depending on the type of damage a patient has suffered and the underlying cause for the heart failure, any of these drug classes or a combination of them can be prescribed. Patients with heart pumping problems will use a different medication combination than those who are experiencing problems with the heart filling. Potentially dangerous drug interactions can occur when different drugs mix together and work against each other. All medications have side effects. Many over-the-counter medications will cause a condition of heart failure to worsen.
Vasodilators.
Nitrates such as nitroglycerine are often used as part of the initial therapy for ADHF.
Another option is nesiritide, although it should only be considered if conventional therapy has been ineffective or contraindicated as it is much more expensive than nitroglycerine and has not been shown to be of any greater benefit.
Diuretics.
Heart failure is usually associated with a volume overloaded state. Therefore those with evidence of fluid overload should be treated initially with intravenous loop diuretics. In the absence of symptomatic hypotension intravenous nitroglycerin is often used in addition to diuretic therapy to improve congestive symptoms.
Volume status should still be adequately evaluated. Some heart failure patients on chronic diuretics can be over diuresed. In the case of diastolic dysfunction without systolic dysfunction, fluid resuscitation may in fact improve circulation by decreasing heart rate, which will allow the ventricles more time to fill. Even if the patient is edematous, fluid resuscitation may be the first line of treatment if the patient is hypotensive. The patient may in fact be intravascularly volume depleted, although if the hypotension is due to cardiogenic shock, additional fluid may make the situation worse. If the patient's circulatory volume is adequate but there is persistent evidence of inadequate end-organ perfusion, inotropes may be administered. In certain circumstances, a left ventricular assist device (LVAD) may be necessary.
Once the patient is stabilized, attention can be turned to treating pulmonary edema to improve oxygenation. Intravenous furosemide is generally the first line. However, patients on long-standing diuretic regimens can become tolerant, and dosages must be progressively increased. If high doses of furosemide are inadequate, boluses or continuous infusions of bumetanide may be preferred. These loop diuretics may be combined with thiazide diuretics such as oral metolazone or intravenous chlorthiazide for a synergistic effect. Intravenous preparations are physiologically preferred because of more predictable absorption due to intestinal edema, however, oral preparations can be significantly more cost effective.
Other treatments.
The effectiveness and safety of ACE inhibitor and angiotensin receptor blockers acutely in ADHF have not been well studied, but are pontentially harmful. A person should be stabilized before therapy with either of these medication classes is initiated. Patients with poor renal perfusion are especially at risk for renal impairment inherent with these medications. 
Beta-blockers are stopped or decreased in people with a low BP. However continuation of beta-blockers if the blood pressure is adequate may be appropriate.
Inotropes are indicated if hypotension ( BP < 90 ) is present.
Opiates have traditionally been used in the treatment of the acute pulmonary edema that results from acute decompensated heart failure. A 2006 review however found little evidence to support this practice.
Ventilation.
Continuous positive airway pressure may be applied using a face mask; this has been shown to improve symptoms more quickly than oxygen therapy alone, and has been shown to reduce the risk of death. Severe respiratory failure requires treatment with endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation.
Ultrafiltration.
Ultrafiltration can be used to remove fluids in people with ADHF associated with renal failure. Studies have found that it decreases health care utilization at ninety days.
Surgery.
Certain scenarios will require emergent consultation with cardiothoracic surgery. Heart failure due to acute aortic regurgitation is a surgical emergency associated with high mortality. Heart failure may occur after rupture of ventricular aneurysm. These can form after myocardial infarction. If it ruptures on the free wall, it will cause cardiac tamponade. If it ruptures on the intraventricular septum, it can create a ventricular septal defect. Other causes of cardiac tamponade may also require surgical intervention, although emergent treatment at bedside may be adequate. It should also be determined whether the patient had a history of a repaired congenital heart disease as they often have complex cardiac anatomy with artificial grafts and shunts that may sustain damage, leading to acute decompensated heart failure.
In some cases, doctors recommend surgery to treat the underlying problem that led to heart failure. Different procedures are available depending on the level of necessity and include coronary artery bypass surgery, heart valve repair or replacement, or heart transplantation. During these procedures, devices such as heart pumps, pacemakers, or defibrillators might be implanted. The treatment of heart disease is rapidly changing and thus new therapies for acute heart failure treatment are being introduced to save more lives from these massive attacks.
Bypass surgery is performed by removing a vein from the arm or leg, or an artery from the chest and replacing the blocked artery in the heart. This allows the blood to flow more freely through the heart. Valve repair is where the valve that is causing heart failure is modified by removing excess valve tissues that cause them to close too tightly. In some cases, annuloplasty is required to replace the ring around the valves. If the repair of the valve isn't possible, it is replaced by an artificial heart valve. The final step is heart replacement. When severe heart failure is present and medicines or other heart procedures are not effective, the diseased heart needs to be replaced.
Another common procedure used to treat heart failure patients is an angioplasty. Is a procedure used to improve the symptoms of coronary artery disease (CAD), reduce the damage to the heart muscle after a heart attack, and reduce the risk of death in some patients. This procedure is performed by placing a balloon in the heart to open an artery that is blocked by atherosclerosis or a build up of plaque on the artery walls. Patients who are experiencing heart failure because of CAD or recent heart attack, can benefit from this procedure.
A pacemaker is a small device that's placed in the chest or abdomen to help control abnormal heart rhythms. They work by sending electric pulses to the heart to prompt it to beat at a rate that is considered to be normal and are used to treat patients with arrhythmias. They can be used to treat hearts that are classified as either a tachycardia that beats too fast, or a bradycardia that beats too slow.

</doc>
<doc id="20569216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569216" title="Knut Østby">
Knut Østby

Knut Østby (12 November 1922 – 6 August 2010) was a Norwegian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1940s to the late 1950s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-2 10000 m event at London in 1948 and another in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1950 World Championships.
Career.
Østby was born in Modum, but grew up in Bærum, and was a member of Bærum KK. He was a new name in Norwegian and international kayaking after 1945, as most of the pre-war organized sporting activity had been put on ice during World War II. Already in 1948, before the Summer Olympics that year, Østby and his teammate Ivar Mathisen were considered as having the highest medal hopes in the Norwegian canoeing squad. Østby and Mathisen proceeded to win the silver medal in the K-2 10000 m event and finished fourth in the K-2 1000 m. At the 1950 World Championships he won another silver medal in the K-2 1000 m event. Two years later he finished fifth in both the K-2 1000 m and the K-2 10000 m events at the 1952 Summer Olympics. Ivar Mathisen remained his partner in the K-2 canoe during these years.
In 1953 Østby competed in the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Meran, Italy. He was considered as being without any sporting hopes for the competition, having no prior experience with whitewater kayaking—the newspaper "Verdens Gang" quoted him as saying "I don't even know what kind of boat to use". The participation was essentially regarded as a test to see whether slalom kayaking should be taken up in Norway—where it was largely unknown, despite the country's abundance of whitewater locations. Østby was the only competitor from Norway, but the vice chairman of Norwegian Canoe Association travelled with him to help evaluate the championship. The stay and the travel to Italy was paid for in full by the Italian arrangement committee. As it turned out, whitewater kayaking did not reach Norway until the 1960s, and was not organized within the Norwegian Canoe Association until 1972.
Østby continued his career in sprint canoeing. At the 1956 Summer Olympics he finished eighth in the K-1 10000 m event, and competed without reaching the final in the K-1 1000 m event. In domestic competitions, he took fifteen national titles between 1946 and 1959, and won the King's Cup for best canoer in 1955, 1956 and 1957.
Østby lived in Sandvika. He died in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20569224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569224" title="Karl Te Nana">
Karl Te Nana

Karl Solomon Te Nana (born 15 July 1975) is a rugby player from New Zealand.
Playing career.
A professional rugby union player, Te Nana won a gold medal as part of the New Zealand Seven's rugby team at the 2002 Commonwealth Games. He is 8th highest try scorer in Rugby Sevens history, having scored 113 tries for New Zealand. He played for North Harbour in the National Provincial Championship and spent the 2000 season with the Otago Highlanders in Super Rugby (then known as the Super 12).
He currently plays for the Point Chevalier Pirates in the Auckland Rugby League's Phelan Shield.
Television.
Now retired, Te Nana hosts a weekly rugby show on Sky TV in New Zealand called "This Given Sunday" with former All Black halfback Steve Devine.

</doc>
<doc id="20569225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569225" title="Chamaco Ramirez">
Chamaco Ramirez

Chamaco Ramirez (September 10, 1941 - March 27, 1983) was a famous Puerto Rican salsa singer and composer. He came to prominence and is still mostly remembered for his work as singer of the Tommy Olivencia Orchestra. 
Early years.
Ramirez, was born Ramon Luis Ramirez Toro in the Parada 26 section of Santurce, Puerto Rico. A naturally gifted musician since his early youth, at the age of 16 and while still a High School student, he joined Tommy Olivencia to start the orchestra which would bear Olivencia's name and which would later go by the moniker of La Primerisima Orquesta de Puerto Rico.
La Primerisima Orquesta de Puerto Rico.
With La Primerisima Orquesta de Puerto Rico,in which Ramirez shared vocals with Paquito Guzmán, he would work from 1960 to 1971 and again from 1974 to 1976. He recorded eight albums with this orchestra which are now considered classics of the Salsa genre.
Besides his vocal work which was marked by his ability to improvise, he was also a gifted composer who wrote the Salsa classic, Trucutu, later covered by Marc Anthony. Among his other hits include "Plante Bandera" (which was later covered by reggaeton artists Tego Calderon and Tempo Alomar) and "Evelio Y La Rumba" (which was later covered by salsa group Los Soneros Del Barrio).
Later Work.
After leaving Tommy Olivencia's orchestra, Ramirez moved to New York City where he worked with the orchestra of Kako Bastar. Later he would move to Los Angeles where he worked with two minor local orchestras. In 1979, he released his first and only solo album, titled Alive and Kicking.
Later years and death.
During his later years, Ramirez had frequent problems with the law due to his consumption of narcotics. On the morning of March 27, 1983, he was found wounded in an alleyway in the Bronx, New York City. He had gunshot wounds to the head and cheek, and died while he was being taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
See also.
www.aliveandkickingthemovie.com
Official website of an upcoming documentary on the life of Chamaco Ramírez.

</doc>
<doc id="20569256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569256" title="Swage nut">
Swage nut

A swage nut is a type of nut or threaded insert is used on sheet metal. It permanently anchors itself to the sheet metal by swaging the surrounding material. Generally, the swage nut is made of a hard metal such as stainless steel, while it is typically inserted into a pre-drilled hole in a softer material such as aluminum. Pressing the nut in with an arbor press or by tightening a screw through the hole causes the softer material to plastically deform or swage into an undercut in the nut. This locks the nut into the hole, while a knurled portion of the nut keeps it from rotating.
Albert Spokes filed for a U.S. patent on the swage nut in early 1958. The swage nut is descended from an older idea, the clinch nut. Clinch nuts incorporate a tubular shaft that fits through the part to be attached and is clinched or riveted in place from the opposite side.

</doc>
<doc id="20569281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569281" title="Galați TV Tower">
Galați TV Tower

Galați TV Tower () is a tall concrete tower used for FM and TV broadcasting in Galați, Romania. The tower, completed in 1978, is equipped with a tower restaurant, perhaps the only in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20569304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569304" title="St Swithun's Church, Woodborough">
St Swithun's Church, Woodborough

St. Swithun's Church, is a parish church in the Church of England in Woodborough, Nottinghamshire. 
History.
The church is medieval with the chancel dating from the fourteenth century.
The church is a large structure ... and has some fragments of ancient armorial glass in its windows which, when perfect, was exceedingly beautiful. It is a curacy, and has been augmented with Queen Anne's Bounty. The Chapter of Southwell is the patron, and the Rev. Samuel Lealand Oldacres is the incumbent. 
The church is in a joint parish with:
Features.
The church contains stained glass windows by Charles Eamer Kempe and also by Morris & Co. to designs by Edward Burne-Jones.
Clock.
The clock was installed by Reuben Bosworth in 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="20569310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569310" title="Shell Lake High School">
Shell Lake High School

Shell Lake High School is a high school in Shell Lake, Wisconsin, in Washburn County, Wisconsin.
The school also includes a separate school called the Shell Lake Primary School that educates grades K–2 and the following grades 3–12 are taught in the high school.
Sports.
Shell Lake High School is Division 3 for most sports of the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association. Their team name is the Shell Lake Lakers. Shell Lake High School is noted for its football team, which has claimed three state titles. It has also won a state title in team wrestling and girl's track athletics. It was also a state runner-up in baseball.
Sports played at Shell Lake High School include:Football, Volleyball (girls only), Basketball, Track and Field, Baseball, Softball, Cross Country, and Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="20569311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569311" title="Eagle Butte High School">
Eagle Butte High School

Eagle Butte High School is a high school in Dunmore, Alberta established in 1996. It is a school with only one hallway, a single floor, and is built into a hill for better heating efficiency. It is part of the Prairie Rose Regional School Division No. 8.
History.
Eagle Butte High School was built in the spring of 1996. It was named after a former one-room schoolhouse in the Cypress Hills called "Eagle Butte School".
In the fall of 1996, 220 students – mostly registered in grade 10 – began study at Eagle Butte. Coming from Redcliff, Irvine, Schuler, Seven Persons, Ralston and surrounding areas, Eagle Butte became a mix of personalities and talents that would become one of the major strengths of the school.
Eagle Butte has been working hard at developing both roots and wings since its early beginning. The school now offers a full range of high school programs, from welding, woodworking and firearm safety to cosmetology, food studies and computers (both Macintosh and IBM). Eagle Butte is indeed the fulfillment of a Prairie Rose Dream. Eagle Butte students have done their best to make EBHS a place where our "roots" nourish learning and our "wings" prepare us for life.
Student body.
Generally the students of Eagle Butte come from the feeder schools which are part of the Prairie Rose Regional School Division No. 8. Students come from communities or farms and ranches in or around Dunmore, Irvine, Walsh, Elkwater, Medicine Hat, Suffield, Seven Persons, and Redcliff.
Athletics.
Eagle Butte has programs in the following sports: Badminton, Baseball, Basketball, Volleyball, Cross Country Running, Curling, Track and Field, Rugby, and a combined football team with McCoy High School in Medicine Hat.

</doc>
<doc id="20569316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569316" title="Errol McFarlane">
Errol McFarlane

Errol McFarlane (born October 12, 1977) is a Trinidadian footballer who last played for North East Stars in the TT Pro League.
Career.
Youth and College.
Born in Port of Spain, McFarlane attended Malick Secondary Comprehensive School in his native Trinidad, and briefly attended Trinity College, before moving to the United States in 1995 to attend Nassau Community College. He transferred to Hofstra University in his sophomore year, and subsequently spent the next three years playing college soccer for the Pride.
Professional.
McFarlane turned professional in 1999 with Defence Force in the TT Pro League, winning the inaugural league title in his first season. He won a second T&T PFL Championship winner's medal with San Juan Jabloteh in 2002 before signing with Al-Nejmeh in the Lebenese Professional League, where he quickly became one of the leading marksmen in that country. He finished the 2003/2004 season with 15 goals, helping the club to the league title and a place in the 2004 AFC Cup.
McFarlane has also played professionally in Iceland, for Fylkir and Breiðablik. After another brief stint in Lebanon with Al-Mabarrah and back home in Trinidad with St. Ann's Rangers, McFarlane signed a two-year deal with the Rochester Rhinos of the USL First Division on July 23, 2009, but was let go after scoring only 2 goals in 12 appearances.
International.
McFarlane has made 14 appearances for the senior Trinidad and Tobago national football team. He was considered in the build-up to the 2006 FIFA World Cup, but was not selected in the final squad.
Personal.
Errol is the brother of fellow professional Shem McFarlane, who plays for his former club St. Ann's Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="20569352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569352" title="Eivind Skabo">
Eivind Skabo

Eivind Skabo (August 17, 1916 – April 18, 2006) was a Norwegian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s. He won a bronze medal in the K-1 10000 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Skabio also won a silver medal in K-1 4 x 500 m at the 1948 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, also in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20569355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569355" title="Upper Montclair Business District">
Upper Montclair Business District

Located in Montclair, New Jersey, the Upper Montclair Business District is the center of the Upper Montclair neighborhood, and is its commercial center.
Location.
The center of the commercial zone is the intersection of Valley Road and Bellevue Avenue. To the west is the movie theater, Anderson Park, and the Upper Montclair Train Station which marks the western end of the area. To the east there are many shops and restaurants, the Mount Hebron Middle School, and the Montclair Public Library's Bellevue Branch. In both north and south there are shops and restaurants, in the south are the Upper Montclair Fire Station and Upper Montclair's Post Office.
Transportation.
The commercial zone is serviced by both train and bus. New Jersey Transit's 28 bus to Newark and DeCamp's 66 to New York bus both run through the area. There are three official bus stops, two of them having benches and two shelters. Less than a block away from the center is the Upper Montclair Train Station which runs Monday through Friday with service to Hoboken, New York City, Newark, and other places in Essex, Passaic, Morris, and Warren Counties.

</doc>
<doc id="20569369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569369" title="I Love Money">
I Love Money

I Love Money is an American reality television series airing on VH1 and produced by 51 Minds Entertainment, a subsidiary of Endemol, and is a spin-off of "Flavor of Love", "Charm School", "I Love New York", "Rock of Love", "Real Chance of Love", "For the Love of Ray J", "Daisy of Love" and "Megan Wants a Millionaire". Former contestants on these shows compete in physical and mental challenges, aiming for a $250,000 grand prize. Created by executive producers Cris Abrego and Mark Cronin.
The contestants of the first two seasons were located in Huatulco, Mexico for the duration of their time on the show, while the third and fourth season contestants were located in Manzanillo, Mexico.
Season one.
In the first season, the contestants were selected from the first two seasons of "Flavor of Love", "I Love New York" and "Rock of Love", and competed in physical and mental challenges in an attempt to win $250,000. Production started in early February 2008, and concluded in March 2008. The show premiered on July 6, 2008 and the casting special aired on July 1. The show is hosted by Craig J. Jackson. The winner was Nicole Alexander better known as "Hoopz".
Season two.
In the second season, the contestants were selected from the shows "I Love New York", "Flavor of Love", "Rock of Love", and "Real Chance of Love" and are competing in physical and mental challenges in an attempt to win $250,000. Production started in late October 2008, and concluded in November 2008. The show premiered on February 2, 2009, with Craig J. Jackson returning as host. The winner was Angela Pitts better known as "Myammee".
Season three / Controversy of Ryan Jenkins.
"I Love Money 3" would have been a follow-up to the previous seasons of the show. The contestants were to be selected from other VH1 reality shows such as "Flavor of Love", "Rock of Love", "I Love New York", "Real Chance of Love", "Daisy of Love", "For the Love of Ray J", as well as "Megan Wants a Millionaire". Production began in late June 2009 and wrapped early August 2009, with Craig J. Jackson returning to host. Reportedly, "I Love Money 3" was set to air in January 2010. In August 2009, VH1 canceled any showings of season three due to castmember Ryan Jenkins' involvement in the death of Jasmine Fiore, as well as Jenkins' suicide. It had been revealed that Jenkins had been convicted for assault in 2007, but this had not been disclosed to VH1 or 51 Minds.
The cast included Flavor of Love's Deelishis and Buckeey, Rock of Love's Lacey and Marcia, I Love New York's Wolf and Pretty, Real Chance of Love's Bubbles, For the Love of Ray J's Lil Hood, Cashmere and Cocktail, Daisy of Love's Weasel, Fox, Professor, Big Rig and Sinister and Megan Wants a Millionaire's Joe aside from Jenkins.
Season four.
"I Love Money 4" had been taped and was the follow-up to "I Love Money 3". In April 2010, it was confirmed by VH1 executive vice president Jeff Olde that neither season would air. Despite earlier indicating that it would not air, it was later reported that it had been placed into a late night timeslot from September 2010, though viewer demand gave VH1 the go-ahead to later move the episode premieres to a primetime Wednesday timeslot. The contestants were selected from the shows "I Love New York", "Rock of Love", "Daisy of Love", "For the Love of Ray J", "Real Chance of Love", and "Megan Wants a Millionaire" they are competing in physical and mental challenges in an attempt to win $250,000. The show premiered on September 16, 2010 with Craig J. Jackson as the host. The winner was "Rock of Love"'s Mindy Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20569400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569400" title="Harry Tytler">
Harry Tytler

Major-General Sir Harry Christopher Tytler KCB CMG CIE DSO (26 September 1867 – 16 May 1939) was a British Indian Army officer who specialised in running lines of communication, and also an amateur naturalist.
Tytler was born in Dollar, Clackmannanshire, the son of Colonel Robert Christopher Tytler, a retired officer of the East India Company Army. He was educated at Mr Frank Townsend's School, Clifton, and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. Leaving as Queen's (India) Cadet, he was commissioned a lieutenant in the Manchester Regiment in January 1886 and in November 1887 transferred to the Indian Army and joined the 17th Infantry. He was mentioned in despatches for his service in the Sikkim Expedition in 1888, and in the Lushai Expedition of 1890–1891 he commanded the small force which relieved Changsil. He was promoted captain in July 1897 and served in the Waziristan Expedition on 1901–1902. He was promoted major in January 1904.
During the First World War he served in the East Africa Campaign, first as deputy inspector-general of the lines of communication, then as assistant adjutant-general of the lines of communication, and finally as a column commander in the advance from Iringa and in the Lindi area. He was mentioned in despatches twice and awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) in July 1918. He was promoted brevet colonel in February 1917 and substantive colonel in October 1917.
From 1918 to 1919 he served as inspector of communications with the Bushire Field Force in the Persian Campaign, for which he was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in January 1920 and again mentioned in despatches. In 1919, as a temporary brigadier-general, he served as inspector-general of the lines of communication in the Third Anglo-Afghan War, being mentioned in despatches for the fifth time and being appointed Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) in August 1920, and then from October 1919 to May 1920, held the same post with the Waziristan Field Force, receiving his sixth mention and being appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in June 1921. He was then given command of the Delhi Brigade back in India, retaining his temporary rank of brigadier-general and later colonel-commandant. He was promoted major-general in September 1920 and in 1921 was appointed deputy adjutant and quartermaster-general of the Northern Command. In 1924 he was appointed General Officer Commanding Burma Independent District, in which post he served until his retirement in June 1928. He was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1927 New Year Honours.
Tytler married Florence Mai Read. They had no children. He took an interest in butterflies and birds and made large collections of eggs and butterflies. He communicated notes on Indian butterflies, especially from Assam, to the "Journal of the Bombay Natural History Society". He retired to the small village of Bromsash, near Ross-on-Wye, Herefordshire, where he died in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20569402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569402" title="Georgette Berger">
Georgette Berger

Georgette Berger was the wife of artist René Magritte. She was born in Marcinelle, Belgium, in 1901, the daughter of a butcher. She and her future husband met in 1913 as teenagers while at the annual fair held in Charleroi. Magritte left the following year to attend the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels from 1916 to 1918.
Berger studied post-war modernism which led to her meeting Magritte again in an art shop in 1920. She enjoyed several forms of media and activities such as contextual photography. Before Magritte, she was involved with Stefan Rowden, a German artist who was known for abstract pornographic oil paintings. She became Magritte's model and they married in the fall of 1922.
Berger died in 1986, having outlived her husband who had died in 1967. She was buried with him in Schaerbeek Cemetery near Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20569412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569412" title="LNER Thompson Class B1 (6)1264">
LNER Thompson Class B1 (6)1264

London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) Thompson Class B1 No. 1264, (later British Railways No. 61264, and Departmental No. 29) is a preserved British steam locomotive.
Service.
1264 was built in 1947 by the North British Locomotive Company, Works No. 26165. It was initially allocated to Parkeston Quay (shed code 30F), near Harwich, for working the Great Eastern Main Line, and would remain there for 13 years. In January 1948, 1264 passed into the ownership of British Railways, and in March she was allocated the number 61264, though this was not applied until October 1949. The class were given the power classification 5MT by BR.
In November 1960, 61264 was transferred from Parkeston Quay to Colwick Depot (38A), near Nottingham, for working the Great Central Main Line. She would remain there until withdrawn in December 1965.
Departmental service.
That was not the end of her BR service however as she was transferred to departmental stock, and renumbered 29 in the Eastern Region departmental stock series. There she was used as a mobile boiler for heating carriages. She had her couplers removed in order that she could not haul trains, but she could still propel herself.
29 was withdrawn from departmental stock in July 1967. She was initially stored, but in March 1968 she was sold for scrap.
Preservation.
However, luck was on her side: 61264 was sold to Woodham Brothers scrapyard, Barry Island, the only former LNER locomotive to be sent to Barry. By the time the locomotive was rescued from scrap in 1973, the 83rd engine to leave Barry, it was last surviving ex-LNER locomotive not preserved.
Restoration took some time; the boiler and firebox were in such poor condition that a new boiler and firebox seemed the only option, but steady work during the 1980s and 1990s restored the original boiler and the completed engine moved under its own power in 1997, finished in LNER Apple green as No. 1264. It is currently in BR Black livery as 61264. It was withdrawn from service (mid-2008) for a 10 year overhaul at LNWR Crewe and, once finished moved to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway, where it is expected to remain for at least the next 5 years. It is hoped she is due to return to the mainline in 2014 once fundraising is completed to pay for the testing and certification work with a possible test run in January.
61264 is one of two surviving Thompson Class B1s, but the only LNER-built example, the other being BR-built 61306 "Mayflower".

</doc>
<doc id="20569421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569421" title="Of Prelatical Episcopacy">
Of Prelatical Episcopacy

Of Prelatical Episcopacy is a religious tract written by John Milton in either June or July 1641.
Background.
The tract, the shortest of Milton's tracts on prelatical issues, was written as a response to many works, such as Archbishop James Ussher's "The Judgement of Doctor Rainoldes Touching the Originall of Episcopacy" (25 May 1641). The tract was printed soon after, in either June or July 1641, under the title "Of Prelatical Episcopacy, and Whether it may be deduc'd from the Apostolical times by vertue of those Testimonies which are alledg'd to that purpose in some late Treatises: One wherof goes under the Name of Iames Arch-Bishop of Armagh".
Tract.
The tract is a direct response to other tracts and is hostile to any need for a medium between the Bible and the individual reader, especially from such mediums as provided by an organized church. Instead, Milton says that such individuals are unnecessarily because we must have "first the Gospell our rule, and Oracle". Reading from the Bible, according to Milton, would teach us that there is not a "difference betweene a Bishop, and a Prebyter". Any misreading of the text is the fault of the reader who is unable to understand the Scriptural truth or who was misled by other works. In particular, there are many older works that mislead readers, especially in their interpretations and claims about the meaning of Scriptural words:
Now for the word , it is more likely that "Timothy" never knew the word in that sense: it was the vanity of those next succeeding times not to content themselves with the simplicity of Scripture phrase, but must make a next Lexicon to name themselves by.
During the tract, Milton discusses Ignatius's epistles and claims that some were faked:
Now come the Epistles of "Ignatius" to shew us first, that "Onesimus" was Bishop of "Ephesus"; next to assert the difference of "Bishop" and "Presbyter", wherein I wonder that men teachers of the Protestant Religion, make no difficulty of imposing upon our belie a supposititious ofspring of some dozen Epistles, whereof five are rejected as suprious, containing in them Heresies and trifles, which cannot agree in Chronologie with "Ignatius", entitling him Arch-Bishop of "Antioch Theopolis", which name of "Theopolis" that City had not till "Iustinians" time long after, as "Cedrenus" mentions, which argues both the barbarous time, and the unskillfull fraud of him that foisted this Epistle upon "Ignatius".
Themes.
The purpose of "Of Prelatical Episcopacy" is, to Elizabeth Wheeler, that it "reminds readers that truth is attainable, and that all nonscriptural authority - including their own - is fallible. Truth is the prize, but confusion and distraction will be the risk one encounters along the way."
Thomas Corns believes that "Of Prelatical Episcopacy" is an example of the way Milton relies on a writing system in which "his main clauses often support lots of subordinate clauses, and subordinate clauses often themselves support a number of clauses dependent upon them". That is not to say that this causes problems, and the discussion of Ignatius's epistles, as Corns continues, "is a sentence of over a hundred words, no great rarity in the prose of Milton or many of his contemporaries, though this one (like so many in Milton) is beautifully organized and controlled."

</doc>
<doc id="20569424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569424" title="A Little Too Not Over You">
A Little Too Not Over You

"A Little Too Not Over You" is the official second single by "American Idol" season 7 runner up David Archuleta, taken from his self-titled debut album. It released to radio on January 6, 2009.
On the Radio Disney Music Mailbag, this song got 99% of the votes to pick it.
Archuleta confirmed the song's release on his official MySpace page. The song sold a total of 247,000 copies as of March 4, 2010.
Music video.
A music video was shot with director Scott Speer in late November.
The video premiered on December 15, 2008 on Yahoo! Music. It features Archuleta looking through pictures on a camera which is an Exilim S10, and reflecting on a relationship with a girl. The video became available for download on iTunes on December 23, 2008.
Non-official remixes.
Sonic Ether Remix (4:01)
<br>BabieBoyBlew Video Remix (3:45)

</doc>
<doc id="20569425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569425" title="Priory Church of St. Anthony, Lenton">
Priory Church of St. Anthony, Lenton

The Priory Church of St. Anthony, Lenton is a parish church in the Church of England in Lenton, Nottingham.
History.
The church largely dates from 1883, however, is thought to incorporate elements of the chapel of the monastic hospital of Lenton Priory.
The church served as the parish church for Lenton, until the building of Holy Trinity Church, Lenton, after which it was left partially demolished for nearly 40 years.
The restoration of the church commenced in 1883 and on 22 November a memorial stone was laid by the Lady of the Manor, Mrs. J. Sherwin Gregory, consecrated by Christopher Bishop of Lincoln, being dedicated the following year to the Church of St. Anthony, commonly known as the Priory Church. 
It is part of a group of parishes which includes Holy Trinity Church, Lenton.
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ by Ernest Wragg and Son installed in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20569441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569441" title="Baileya pleniradiata">
Baileya pleniradiata

Baileya pleniradiata is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family which is known by the common name woolly desert marigold. It is native to desert regions of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it grows in sandy habitat. 
Description.
"Baileya pleniradiata" is an annual herb producing a light gray-green to nearly white woolly branching stem up to half a meter in height. The leaves are up to 8 centimeters long and may split into a few lobes. 
Each inflorescence is composed of a single flower head which is borne on a peduncle up to 10 centimeters long. The flower head has a center of yellow disc florets surrounded by a fringe of ray florets, sometimes in two or more layers, each bright yellow and up to a centimeter in length. The fruit is a sharply angled achene a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20569450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569450" title="1971–72 Slovenian Republic League">
1971–72 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20569452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569452" title="Frank Beck (baseball)">
Frank Beck (baseball)

Frank J. Beck "Frank J. Hengstebeck" (April 29, 1860 – February 8, 1941) was a right-handed starting pitcher and right fielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Pittsburgh Alleghenys (American Association) and Baltimore Monumentals (Union Association) during the season.
In one season career, Beck posted a 0–5 record with a 6.62 ERA in five pitching appearances (four complete games), giving up 42 runs (17 unearned) on 50 hits and 10 walks while striking out 18 in 34.0 innings of work. He also played four games at right field. As a hitter, he went 6-for-32 for a .188 average, including two doubles and two runs scored.

</doc>
<doc id="20569453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569453" title="Rüstow">
Rüstow

Rüstow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20569456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569456" title="Classical electric guitar">
Classical electric guitar

Gibson guitars marketed a new hybrid in 1982. Developed with guitarist Chet Atkins and Kentucky luthier Hascal Haile, the "Chet Atkins CEC (Cutaway Electric Classical)" merged solid-body electric guitar with classical guitar, resulting in a nylon-string instrument that could be played at high volumes in large auditoriums without feedback. Classical guitarists have given the innovation little credence, but pop music stars like Sting, Earl Klugh, David Gilmour, Jack Johnson and Gipsy Kings have played it to millions of concert-goers.
Gibson discontinued the CEC on January 1, 2006[http://www.gibson.com/Products/GibsonElectric/Gibson%20Electric%20Guitars/Gibson%20USA%20SubPages/Discontinuted%20Models/Chet%20Atkins/Chet%20Atkins%20CE_CEC/]

</doc>
<doc id="20569460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569460" title="Adam Zindani">
Adam Zindani

Adam Zindani (born 5 March 1972, Birmingham, England) is the guitarist for the Welsh based rock group Stereophonics, and the lead vocalist and guitarist for the Birmingham based band, Casino.
Casino.
The band were signed to Polydor Records in 2006 and changed their name to SpiderSimpson, after a character from a cult film. They recorded what was then going to be their debut album at Studio 606 in Los Angeles with record producer Nick Raskulinecz. The band were not happy with the original track order of the album, and saw the recording rejected by Polydor.
In the autumn 2006 they completed the Kerrang Radio Breakthrough Tour with other newly signed bands, followed by a UK tour in December. But in 2007, Zindani became involved with touring with Stereophonics as their live guitarist. Then in 2008, the future of Casino was put in doubt when Zindani was made a permanent member of Stereophonics. In May 2011 Adam announced on Kerrang! radio that the band signed a record deal and they were going to release an album. Since them they have done several gigs in Birmingham and London in between stereophonics gigs. They are now thought to be recording a second album for late a 2012 release.
Stereophonics.
On 20 May 2007, at BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend in Preston, Zindani joined Stereophonics on stage. Zindani continued to tour with the band for the remainder of the Pull the Pin tour, playing lead guitar and backing vocals. He was credited for writing and performing on two of the band's tracks, "You're My Star" and "My Own Worst Enemy". On "You're My Star", he sang backing vocals and played lead guitar, whereas, on "My Own Worst Enemy", he only played lead guitar. He was made an official member of the band leaving the future of Casino hanging in the balance. Casino's debut album was funded by the money Adam made touring with Stereophonics.
With the group he has recorded the albums Keep Calm and Carry On in 2009 and Graffiti on the Train in 2013.
Personal life.
Adam still lives in Birmingham even though the rest of Stereophonics have all moved to London. Not much is known of his personal life but in Stereophonics interviews he has mentioned his children on various occasions.
He has also appeared on Soccer Am with fellow Stereophonics member Kelly Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="20569469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569469" title="Piotr Stępień">
Piotr Stępień

Piotr Stępień (born October 24, 1963 in Kamieńsk) is a Polish wrestler (Greco-Roman style)

</doc>
<doc id="20569475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569475" title="Ministry of Fisheries and Agriculture (Iceland)">
Ministry of Fisheries and Agriculture (Iceland)

The Icelandic Ministry of Fisheries and Agriculture (Icelandic: "") is a cabinet-level ministry. 
On 13 June 2007 the parliament of Iceland passed law changes to merge the Ministry of Fisheries and the Ministry of Agriculture, which took effect on 1 January 2008. It is an important economic ministry, with fisheries products making up about 40% of Iceland's exports.

</doc>
<doc id="20569507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569507" title="John Murray Field">
John Murray Field

John Murray Field is home to Redlands Baseball Club in Sheldon, about southeast of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is a fully fenced and regulation size field with field level fenced dugouts, 2 bullpens, 2 indoor battery cages with an automated pitching machine, an air-conditioned scorers box. Floodlighting is of AAA standard and has hosted trial games for various countries including the Netherlands, Italy and USA.
Opposite to John Murray Field is the Tony Street Field which serves as a playing field for juniors and minor league senior teams as well as a warm up and training field.
Redlands has hosted the Claxton Shield 2008 for the Queensland Rams and will host three Claxton Shield 2009 games.

</doc>
<doc id="20569526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569526" title="Kinston Free Press">
Kinston Free Press

The Free Press is an award-winning daily newspaper based in Kinston, North Carolina. It has served the city of Kinston and Lenoir County, North Carolina since 1882. "The Free Press" was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012, when Freedom sold its Florida and North Carolina papers to Halifax Media Group.
It was a broadsheet-format daily until June 1, 2009, when it and two sister dailies, the New Bern, North Carolina "Sun Journal" and the Jacksonville, North Carolina "Daily News" converted to a berliner-style format. Since the format change all three papers are laid out and are published in Jacksonville.
The Free Press won 47 North Carolina Press Association awards from 2010-12, the most in a three-year period in the paper's history.

</doc>
<doc id="20569578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569578" title="Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale Ltd">
Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale Ltd

Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1988/12.html UKHL 12 is a foundational English unjust enrichment case. The House of Lords unanimously established that the basis of an action for money had and received is the principle of unjust enrichment, and that an award of restitution is subject to a defence of change of position. This secured unjust enrichment English law as the third pillar of the law of obligations, along with contract and tort.
Facts.
Norman Barry Cass was a partner in a solicitors' firm called Lipkin Gorman. He was an authorised signatory at the firm’s Lloyds Bank account. He took out £220,000 and used it for gambling at the Playboy Club, 45 Park Lane, London which was owned by Karpnale Ltd. Between March and November 1980, the club won £154,695 of the stolen money (the rest paid back to Mr Cass in ‘winnings’). Mr Cass fled to Israel, but was brought back and sentenced to three years prison for theft in 1984. Lipkin Gorman sued the club for return of the stolen money. At the time, gambling contracts were contrary to public policy, and therefore void under the Gaming Act 1845 section 18.
Alliot J in the High Court, and then the Court of Appeal (May LJ and Parker LJ, but Nicholls LJ dissenting), dismissed Lipkin Gorman's claims.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held that £150,960 should be repaid as money had and received, and the club was also liable for damages of £3,735 to the solicitors for conversion of a banker’s draft that had been used once for gambling, rather than cash.
Lord Templeman said, the money could be recovered.
Lord Goff said that the change of position defence was debated but
Significance.
As a result, the defence of change of position was recognized for the first time in English law and it succeeded as a partial defence here. Because the winnings have been paid out to Cass, the club has effectively changed its position and its liability is limited to the remaining sum of £150,960.

</doc>
<doc id="20569583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569583" title="Lake Ray">
Lake Ray

Lake Ray (born on October 4, 1956) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 12th District, which includes parts of downtown Jacksonville in Duval County, since 2012.
Early life and education.
Ray was born in Jacksonville, and was an Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts of America while in high school. He graduated from St. Johns River State College with an associate degree in 1976. He graduated from the University of Florida with a Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering in 1981 and was a member of Delta Upsilon. 
Career.
Following his college graduation, Ray worked as an engineer, eventually becoming President of the First Coast Manufacturers Association. He was elected to the Jacksonville City Council and served from 1999 to 2007.
Florida House of Representatives.
When incumbent State Representative Stan Jordan was unable to seek re-election in 2008, Adkins ran to succeed him in District 17, which included northeastern Duval County. He faced Mario Rubio and Gordon Morgan in the Republican primary, easily defeating both of them with 52% of the vote. In the general election, Ray faced Regina Young, the Democratic nominee and a minister. The "Florida Times-Union" endorsed Ray, praising him for his "solid experience in public affairs and...good track record for responding to his constituents." He was able to defeat Young easily, winning with 64% of the vote, and was re-elected without opposition in 2010.
When districts were reconfigured in 2012, Ray was drawn into the 12th District, which included much of the territory that he had represented in the 17th District. He won his party's nomination unopposed and encountered Green Party nominee Karen Morian, a humanities professor, his only opposition in the general election. Ray emphasized his experience in Tallahassee and pledged to work to "bring jobs to JaxPort and broaden the economic opportunities around the region and state." He ended up defeating Morian in a landslide, winning 68% of the vote to Morian's 32%.

</doc>
<doc id="20569589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569589" title="Joe Amato">
Joe Amato

Joe Amato may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20569602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569602" title="Gunnar Åkerlund">
Gunnar Åkerlund

Ernst Gunnar Åkerlund (November 20, 1923, Nyköping – October 4, 2006) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals in the K-2 10000 m event with a gold in 1948 and a silver in 1952.
Åkerlund won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-2 10000 m: 1950, K-4 1000 m: 1948) and a silver (K-4 1000 m: 1950).
He was born and died in Nyköping, Södermanland County.

</doc>
<doc id="20569620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569620" title="2009 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships">
2009 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships

The 41st World Artistic Gymnastics Championships was held at The O2 arena in London, United Kingdom, on 12 October to 18 October 2009. Similar to the World Championships in 2005, there were no team competitions. Individual All Around and Event Finals were contested.
Finals.
Men's.
Individual all-around.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Floor.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Pommel horse.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Rings.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Vault.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Parallel bars.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Horizontal bar.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Women's.
Individual all-around.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Vault.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Uneven bars.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Balance beam.
Oldest and youngest competitors
Floor.
Oldest and youngest competitors

</doc>
<doc id="20569626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569626" title="Balsamorhiza deltoidea">
Balsamorhiza deltoidea

Balsamorhiza deltoidea is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe of the plant family Asteraceae known by the common name deltoid balsamroot. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California, where it grows in many types of generally mountainous habitat. 
Description.
"Balsamorhiza deltoidea" is a taprooted perennial herb growing erect to a maximum height near 90 centimeters (35.4 inches). The stems are hairy and glandular. The large leaves are up to 25 centimeters (9.8 inches) long and 20 (7.9) wide, and are roughly triangular in shape, hairy and glandular, and often toothed along the edges. 
The inflorescence bears usually one or sometimes a few large flower heads, each lined with hairy, pointed phyllaries up to 4 centimeters (1.6 inches) long. The head has a center of yellowish disc florets and a fringe of pointed yellow ray florets each up to 4 or 5 centimeters (1.6 or 2 inches) long. The fruit is an achene 7 to 8 millimeters (0.3 inches) in length.
Uses.
Deltoid balsamroot has been used as a food and medicinal plant by Native Americans. The seeds were eaten raw or cooked, and sometimes ground up and made into breads or cakes. The roots were also eaten, either raw or cooked, and when roasted make a coffee substitute. Young shoots were also eaten as a fresh green. The roots were also used to treat colds.

</doc>
<doc id="20569650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569650" title="Precision runway monitor">
Precision runway monitor

In aviation, precision runway monitor (PRM) is a high-speed, high-precision radar system developed by Raytheon to monitor simultaneous close parallel instrument approaches to airports. PRM contains no moving parts and scans at a rate of once per second, allowing monitoring of approach corridors with accuracy of about one milliradian.
PRM is one type of radar system that can be used to allow simultaneous approaches on parallel runways that are spaced less than to each other. Airports at which PRM is in use in the United States include Minneapolis, St. Louis, New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, and Atlanta. International installations include Sydney, Australia, and Chek Lap Kok in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20569659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569659" title="Ronald Renuart">
Ronald Renuart

Ronald "Doc" Renuart D.O., FACP (born January 5, 1964) in Coral Gables, Florida is a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida.
Background.
State Representative Ronald “Doc” Renuart was born, raised, and educated in Florida. He is a descendant of a South Florida pioneer family that once owned a chain of 15 lumberyards located between Key West and Vero Beach. Dr. Renuart has practiced internal medicine in the Jacksonville Beach area for the past 19 years and is a past Chief-of-Staff of Baptist Medical Center Beaches. He received his Bachelor's degree from the University of Florida in 1986, and his Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine from Nova Southeastern University College of Osteopathic Medicine. He completed his internal medicine residency with the University of Florida at what is now Shands Jacksonville in 1994.
As a Colonel in the Florida Army National Guard he served three combat tours including Iraq and Afghanistan. In June 2010, Dr. Renuart retired after 20 years of decorated service.
In 2005 Rep. Renuart was appointed to the State Medicaid Pharmaceutical and Therapeutics Committee by Governor Jeb Bush.
Dr. Renuart was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2008. He is currently the Chair of the Veteran & Military Affairs Subcommittee, and Vice-Chair of the K-12 Subcommittee. Renuart also serves on the Health & Human Services Committee, Health Innovation Subcommittee, and Government Operations Appropriations Subcommittee.
He currently resides in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="20569664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569664" title="Black Fantasy">
Black Fantasy

Black Fantasy is the fifth feature-length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. It starred Jim Collier, who is credited also with "dialogue improvised by." Collier and Rogosin had previously worked together in "Black Roots", produced two years earlier.
Largely improvised, it is Lionel Rogosin's most formally experimental film.

</doc>
<doc id="20569677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569677" title="Jeff Glixman">
Jeff Glixman

Jeff Glixman is an American record producer. He has produced, mixed or remastered artists such as Kansas, Gary Moore, Yngwie Malmsteen, the Georgia Satellites and Black Sabbath. Combined sales of his projects exceed 30 million units.
Career.
His first production was the 1975 Kansas album Song for America, and he went on to produce their albums Masque (1975) Leftoverture (1976) and Point of Know Return (1977). He wrote additional lyrics on Black Sabbath's Seventh Star (1986). In addition, Glixman has worked as a mixer on 5.1 surround sound projects for the Allman Brothers' Eat a Peach and At Fillmore East, Ludacris' Chicken-n-Beer, Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On and Bob Marley & The Wailers' Live at Leeds, the second disc in the reissue of Burnin'.
Glixman is the Executive Vice President of StarCity Recording Company in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, and is involved in the ownership and management of professional studios including Axis Sound Studios in Atlanta, Georgia, Caribbean Sound Basin in Trinidad and Lobo Recording Studios in Deer Park, New York.
Discography.
The following is an incomplete list of the records worked on by Glixman since 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20569679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569679" title="Reinier Robbemond">
Reinier Robbemond

Reinier Robbemond (born 31 January 1972 in Dordrecht) is a former Dutch football player. He last played for De Graafschap. He has also played for FC Dordrecht, FC Utrecht and AZ.
Robbemond made his debut in professional football on December 8, 1990, coming on as a substitute for Dordrecht '90 in the away match at VVV.
Statistics.
Last update: December 6, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20569696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569696" title="Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay

The men's 4x200 metre freestyle relay was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics programme. It was the seventh appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held on Monday, August 10, 1936 and on Tuesday, August 11, 1936.
The United States replaced two swimmer between the semi-finals and the final. Seventy-four swimmers from 18 nations competed.
Medalists.
Note: The International Olympic Committee medal database shows only these swimmers as medalists. Ralph Gilman and Charles Hutter swam for the United States in the semi-finals but were not credited with silver medals.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In the final the Japan set a new world record with 8:51.5 minutes.
Results.
Semifinals.
Monday, August 10, 1936: The fastest two in each semi-final and the next two fastest from across the semi-finals advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
Tuesday, August 11, 1936:

</doc>
<doc id="20569705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569705" title="Hans Wetterström">
Hans Wetterström

Hans Wetterström (December 11, 1923 - November 17, 1980) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won two gold medals in the K-2 10000 m event with a gold in 1948 and a silver in 1956.
Wetterström also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-2 10000 m: 1950, K-4 1000 m: 1948) and two silvers (K-4 1000 m: 1950, K-4 10000 m: 1954).

</doc>
<doc id="20569707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569707" title="Mike Weinstein">
Mike Weinstein

Michael B. (Mike) Weinstein (born February 6, 1949) is an American politician who is currently a member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing District 19 which encompasses parts of Jacksonville and surrounding areas.
Life.
Weinstein was born in Livingston, New Jersey. He relocated to Florida in 1975. He earned his Bachelors degree from Hartwick College, a M.S. from California State University, Long Beach, and a Juris Doctorate from the University of Florida. He later served as a prosecutor in the State Attorney's Office. He currently resides in Jacksonville, Florida with his family.
Prior to being elected Weinstein served as the CEO of the team responsible for Jacksonville's successful bid for Super Bowl XXXIX.
Political career.
Weinstein was elected Representative for Florida's District 19, covering Clay, Duval, and St. John's counties, in the 2008 elections. He served as House Deputy Majority Whip from August 24, 2009 to 2010, and was reelected in the 2010 elections.
He received national attention from a music video (produced by his son Scott, under the stage name Scott Leigh) released by his campaign promoting his 2010 reelection.
In 2012 Weinstein sought election in the Florida Senate for District 4, again accompanied by another Scott Leigh video, "The Weinstein Slide" (which discusses the
general mudslinging that accompanies many campaigns, and samples the original video music).

</doc>
<doc id="20569730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569730" title="Canton of Pont-de-l'Arche">
Canton of Pont-de-l'Arche

Canton of Pont-de-l'Arche is a canton of the Arrondissement of Les Andelys in the Eure department of France.
Communes.
It contains 10 communes:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20569755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569755" title="Geelong Baseball Park">
Geelong Baseball Park

The Geelong Baseball Centre or Geelong Baseball Park is home to Geelong Baseball Club in Geelong, Victoria during summer and the Guild Allstars Baseball Club during the winter season. In total the Geelong Baseball Centre has four playing fields, with the main diamond being one of the only international standard baseball ballparks in Australia. Features include lighting up to international standard, electronic scoreboard and associated infrastructure in the form of elevated commentary box, outfield sightboards, bullpen tunnels, meeting and dining areas and an indoor training facility. The main stadium is secured and there is ample car parking space.
It was built in 2002 to coincide with the World Masters Games and hosted baseball successfully. It has also hosted the Victorian Masters Games, several international friendly matches and will host Claxton Shield 2009 games as well as the 2009 World Masters Games. The complex is a pre-season training camp for the Japanese Chiba Lotte Marines.

</doc>
<doc id="20569758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569758" title="Psilocybe plutonia">
Psilocybe plutonia

Psilocybe plutonia is a small psilocybin mushroom of the Strophariaceae family, believed to contain psilocybin and psilocin. It was first documented from Cuba. An older synonym is "Agaricus plutonia".
It is in the section "Cordisporae".
Etymology.
The word plutonia comes from the Latin words plutonian or plutonic. Perhaps in connection with the dark color of the mushroom.
Habitat and distribution.
"Psilocybe plutonia" may be found growing solitary or gregarious, from late June through February, on rotted wood or in soil with woody material, in tropical forests, from Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela and Cuba, often near sea level or in lower elevations, although widely distributed, it is not found often.

</doc>
<doc id="20569788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569788" title="Minister of Education, Science and Culture (Iceland)">
Minister of Education, Science and Culture (Iceland)

The Minister of Education, Science and Culture () is the head of the Ministry of Education, Science and Culture. The current Minister of Education, Science and Culture is Illugi Gunnarsson.
List of ministers.
Minister of Education, Science and Culture (1 January 1970 – present).
The Law on the Cabinet of Iceland, which had been passed by the parliament 28 May 1969, took effect on 1 January 1970. Thus the Cabinet was formally established along with its ministries which had up until then not formally existed separately from the ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="20569789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569789" title="Grete Frederiksen">
Grete Frederiksen

Grete Ortved Frederiksen (later "Therkildsen", born January 12, 1918) is a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Copenhagen.
In 1936 she finished seventh in the 400 metre freestyle event.

</doc>
<doc id="20569790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569790" title="Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts">
Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts

The Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts is the Alberta provincial women's curling tournament. The winning team represents Alberta at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
Past winners.
(National champions in bold) 

</doc>
<doc id="20569795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569795" title="Beech-maple forest">
Beech-maple forest

A beech-maple forest is a climax mesic closed canopy hardwood forest. It is primarily composed of American Beech and Sugar Maple trees which co-dominate the forest and which are the pinnacle of plant succession in their range. A form of this forest was the most common forest type in the Northeastern United States when it was settled by Europeans and remains widespread but scattered today.
Description.
The canopy is dominated by American beech and Sugar maple trees, providing little light to the understory. The reduced light provides poor conditions for shrubs, with the exceptions of Witch-hazel and alderleaf viburnum shrubs. The ground cover includes herbs and spring ephemerals, flowers which are able to bloom before the canopy fills in. Seedlings of beech and maple trees are shade-tolerant, allowing them to grow in low light conditions for several years. These seedling are waiting for an opening in the canopy, which grow rapidly when an opening is made by the death of a mature tree.
Beech-maple forests are often found on flat or rolling terrain, in a variety of moist to well-drained soils with high levels of organic matter. They thrive in glacial till from the Wisconsin glaciation. Typically, in sandy soils, the maple is more common while in soils that have more clay in them, the beech is more dominant. There must be a fairly high level of precipitation.
These forests are the result of plant succession, a long progression of different plant species over centuries. One possible sere is from bare ground, it would start with weeds, then shrubs, weedy trees (e.g.: mulberry), then coniferous trees (e.g.: Juniper) and additional types such as ash lead to a mixed mesophytic forest. Eventually, an Oak-hickory forest develops. If the conditions allow, the final climax community for several different seres is the beech-maple community. Even in a climax community dominated by two types of trees, there can be many different species of trees on the edges of the forest, in windthrow gaps or in microclimates.
Distribution.
The range of the beech-maple forest type extends from the Atlantic coast west to Minnesota, Michigan and from southern Canada south to Virginia and Tennessee. It is widespread in New York and was an important component of the original vegetation of northeastern Ohio. Instances of a beech-maple forest can be found at altitudes of to .

</doc>
<doc id="20569796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569796" title="Animadversions">
Animadversions

Animadversions is the third of John Milton's antiprelatical tracts, in the form of a response to the works and claims of Bishop Joseph Hall. The tract was published in July 1641 under the title "Animadversions upon The Remonstrants Defence Against Smectymnvvs".
Tract.
The tract is a direct, personal attack upon Hall through use of satire and other methods such as mockery: "Ha, ha, ha". "Animadversion", literally a drawing of attention to material, was a common enough choice of pamphleteers of the time, in which writings of the opponent were quoted at some length (but selectively), and replied to in extended form and with polemic intention. Milton's technique with the quotation and response leads to a dialogue form.
Milton's focus is on Hall's views of church, liturgy, and scripture, in order to refute Hall's belief that the word of God must be mediated through a church government. In particular, Milton argues for a freedom of speech that allows one to attain the "light of grace". To Milton, the Bible is the best way to connect to God, and that Church governments that attained their authority in ancient times may lack any current authority:
But hee that shall bind himselfe to make Antiquity his rule, if hee read but part, besides the difficulty of choyce, his rule is deficient, and utterly unsatisfying; for there may bee other Writers of another mind which hee hath not seene, and if hee undertake all, the length of mans life cannot extent to give him a full and requisite knowledge of what was done in Antiquity.
Milton continues to attack the authority of church governments and liturgies by emphasizing how an individual's reading of the Bible is more important than other considerations, and that personal prayers are more important than ancient forms of worship because the individual feels what he is thinking. The only type of religious structure that can work is a direct relationship between a preacher and a congregation without any set forms or rituals and with the preacher serving as a minister to the people. 
Themes.
Thomas Kranidas believes that Milton was focusing on persons, not theory, and claims that the "chief argument was not in fact 'Believe "this" ', but rather 'Believe "me" '".

</doc>
<doc id="20569798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569798" title="Canton of Les Andelys">
Canton of Les Andelys

Canton of Les Andelys is a canton of the Arrondissement of Les Andelys in the Eure department of France. The seat lies at Les Andelys.
Communes.
It contains 20 communes:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20569814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569814" title="Ahmed Rifaat">
Ahmed Rifaat

Ahmed Refaat () is an Egyptian football coach and former player, previously the head coach of Zamalek SC.

</doc>
<doc id="20569823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569823" title="Lorna Frampton">
Lorna Frampton

Lorna Frampton (2 April 1920 – 23 February 2009) was an English backstroke swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 she finished sixth in the 100 metre backstroke event.
At the 1938 Empire Games she was a member of the English relay team which won the gold medal in the 3×110 yards medley contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20569824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569824" title="York County School District 4">
York County School District 4

Fort Mill School District, officially known as York County School District 4, is a suburban school district located in York County, in north-central South Carolina, near Rock Hill serving the town of Ft. Mill and the city of Tega Cay.
Administration.
The current superintendent is Keith Callicutt and the Board of Trustees is made up of seven members: Jan Smiley (Chair), Diane Dasher (Vice Chair), Chantay Bouler, Wyndie Havnaer, Michael Johnson, Scott Patterson, and Patrick White.
Schools.
The district is currently made up of seven elementary schools, four middle schools, and three high schools. Two elementary schools are due to open in the fall of 2014. Below is a complete list of component schools:
Elementary Schools:
Middle Schools:
High Schools:
Awards.
In 2000, Fort Mill High School was awarded New American High School designation meaning the United States Department of Education recognized it as a one of the nation's best high schools and a model to other schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20569826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569826" title="Eduard Glass">
Eduard Glass

Eduard (Esra) Glass (born 1902 - died after 1980) was an Austrian chess master.
He won at Vienna 1927, and shared 1st with Erich Eliskases at Innsbruck 1929 (Austrian Chess Championship). He played several times in the Trebitsch Memorial in Vienna.
Glass represented Austria in the 5th Chess Olympiad at Folkestone 1933. In April 1935, he tied for 3rd-5th in Tel Aviv (the 2nd Maccabiah Games, Abram Blass won). He tied for 8-10th at Budapest 1936 (Mieczysław Najdorf and Lajos Steiner won). After Anschluss in 1938, he moved to China, and living in the Shanghai Ghetto survived the World War II.
After the war, he took 15th at Marianske Lazne 1959 (Lev Polugaevsky won), and took 5th at Reggio Emilia 1960/61.

</doc>
<doc id="20569834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569834" title="Tom Zeller, Jr.">
Tom Zeller, Jr.

Tom Zeller, Jr. is an American reporter and writer who has covered poverty, technology, energy policy and the environment, among other topics, for a variety of publications, including "The New York Times", "National Geographic Magazine" and "The Huffington Post". 
He is currently a 2013-2014 Knight Science Journalism Fellow at MIT.
Zeller has won several awards for visual journalism and multimedia reporting from the Society of News Design and from the University of Navarra, Spain (Malofiej Awards), including prizes for a collection of essays and graphics lending historical context to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan; an interactive reconstruction of the shooting of Amadou Diallo; and a multimedia documentary of a Louisiana plantation, part of The Times's Pulitzer prize-winning "How Race Is Lived in America" series.
He resides in the Cambridge area with his wife, Katherine Zeller

</doc>
<doc id="20569844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569844" title="Doris Storey">
Doris Storey

Doris Storey (21 December 1919 – 21 October 2005) was an English breaststroke swimmer from Leeds who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics and for England at the 1938 British Empire Games.
In 1936 she finished sixth in the 200 metre breaststroke event having injured her arm in a fall before the final.
At the 1938 Empire Games in Sydney, Australia she won the gold medal in the 220 yards breaststroke competition. She was also a member of the English relay team which won the gold medal in the 3×110 yards medley contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20569845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569845" title="Anoop Seelin">
Anoop Seelin

Anoop Seelin (; born 24 October) is an Indian film music director and playback singer in the Kannada film industry. He has scored music for films such as "Gooli", "Eddelu Manjunatha", "Preethse Preethse," "Yaksha", "I Am Sorry Mathe Banni Preethsona," "Manasology", "Sidlingu", "Parari" and "Madarangi". He won the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Music Director for his work in "Sidlingu". 
Early life and education.
Anoop Seelin was born in Bangalore Bangalore on October 24. As a trained singer, Seelin wanted to become a playback singer and music composer. After completing his primary and high school education in Hassan, Karnataka, Seelin, along with his family, moved to Bangalore to receive higher education. After finishing this, he continued in his studies, opting to become a lawyer.
Career.
Due to his classical singing background and the musical influence of his family members, he began singing in an orchestra in Bangalore and other groups as a hobby. This hobby caused him to pursue a career as a full time singer, and he started working with the legend of the Kannada music industry, music director Hamsalekha.
He started working with Hamsalekha as a chorus singer. Over a period of time, he was given a chance to sing track songs for the compositions of Hamsaleka.
Break in the Kannada film industry.
His break in the Kannada music industry came when he got the chance to sing "Yaro yaro nannavalu yaro..." from the movie "Ondagona ba", followed by hit songs from movies like "Sarvabhoma", "Madana", "Dharma", "Janapada", "Nenapirali", "Sixer", and "Thaballi".
After working with him for 6 years, Hamsalekha began guiding Seelin to become a successful playback singer.
After great success in singing, he started to show an interest in music directing and began composing songs for the Kannada music industry.
Music direction.
His dreams became reality when he signed on to compose the soundtrack for the big budget Kannada movie "Gooli". His second movie "Yeddelu Manjunatha's" audio was released and the songs were entirely different from what was then the industry trend.
After "Preethse Preethse," Seelin's next movie, "I Am Sorry Mathe Banni Preethsona", was released in June 2011 and received positive reviews from critics, with the background score being deemed the highlight of the film.
In the same year, another movie "Galla" audio was released without much hype.
In the month of November, The much-awaited and hyped audio of "Sidlingu" was released in a theatre in Bangalore. Sidlingu received positive feedback from the media.
Recently, the audio launch of Janma was held in a local hotel. Anoop Seelin has composed six songs for this movie.
Another most awaited movie Director's Special is scheduled to hit screen in the month of December. The music for this movie was composed by Seelin.
Anoop Seelin is now working on "B3", directed by Ghanshyam, Paraari, directed by Aa Dinagalu fame Chaitanya, Madarangi and other unnamed multiple projects.
Awards and recognition.
Being a talented singer from childhood days, Anoop Seelin has received numerous award for his versatile singing.
Recently, The Government of Karnataka announced Karnataka State Film Awards for 2010-11 and Anoop Seelin was declared as Best Music Director for composing music the movie Sidlingu.
The jury was headed by noted Kannada Movie director Sunil Kumar Desai.

</doc>
<doc id="20569848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569848" title="Holy Trinity Church (Juneau, Alaska)">
Holy Trinity Church (Juneau, Alaska)

Holy Trinity Church, also known as the Church of the Holy Trinity (Episcopal) was an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church located at 325 Gold Street in Juneau, Alaska. Designed by architect George E. James in the Carpenter Gothic style, it was built by Foss and Olsen in 1896 to serve a mission congregation founded only the year before. Sometime before 1914 the church building was raised up to allow the addition of a basement. The parish hall built in 1956 did not continue the Carpenter Gothic architecture of the church itself. From 1918-1914, the church served as the pro-cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska. On October 19, 1978, the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
On March 12, 2006, the church and parish hall were destroyed by fire. The rebuilt church was opened in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20569851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569851" title="Landfermann-Gymnasium">
Landfermann-Gymnasium

Landfermann-Gymnasium (LfG) is situated in the city centre of Duisburg, Germany. It is a municipal grammar school for boys and girls, and is one of the oldest schools in Germany.
Founded before 1280 as Schola Duisburgensis, the school was transformed into a Latin school in 1559, which today's Landfermann-Gymnasium acknowledges as its official founding year.

</doc>
<doc id="20569856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569856" title="Hanni Hölzner">
Hanni Hölzner

Johanna "Hanni" Hölzner (born February 17, 1913) is a German breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 she finished fourth in the 200 metre breaststroke event.

</doc>
<doc id="20569891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569891" title="Jopie Waalberg">
Jopie Waalberg

Johanna Maria Elisabeth "Jopie" Waalberg (13 April 1920 – 5 July 1979) was a Dutch breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and was the first woman to swim the 200 meter breaststroke under 3 minutes.
In 1936 she finished fifth in the 200 metre breaststroke event, the single breaststroke event until the 1968 Olympics. At the 1938 European Aquatics Championships in London she won a bronze medal on the same distance.
On May 11, 1937 she broke Hideko Maehata's four-year-old breaststroke record by 0.2 seconds (3:00.2). On Jun 27 of that year, in Zaandijk, she improved on that record by more than 2 seconds to 2:58.0. She improved her own world record once more on October 2 to 2:56.9. She further held world records in the unconventional distances of 200 yard, 400 m and 500 m breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="20569894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569894" title="Proteomics Standards Initiative">
Proteomics Standards Initiative

The Proteomics Standards Initiative (PSI) is a working group of HUPO. It aims to define data standards for proteomics in order to facilitate data comparison, exchange and verification.
PSI focuses on the following subjects:

</doc>
<doc id="20569901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569901" title="United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 2008">
United States presidential election in Pennsylvania, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania was part of the 2008 United States presidential election, which took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C. Voters chose 21 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Pennsylvania was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 10.3% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Although the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has voted for the Democratic presidential nominee in every election since 1992, the margins of victory have become smaller over the past elections, as was highlighted in 2004 when John Kerry won the Keystone State by a slim margin of 2.50 percent. Since George W. Bush came so close to winning the state in 2004 and because Barack Obama lost the Pennsylvania Democratic Primary to Hillary Rodham Clinton by nearly 10 percentage points in April 2008, many analysts believed that Republican John McCain had a decent shot at winning Pennsylvania in the general election. Nevertheless, Pennsylvania remained blue and gave Obama 54.47% of the vote to McCain's 44.15%, a margin of 10.32%. Normally a close state, 2008 marked the first time since 1972 that Pennsylvania was decided by a double-digit margin and was the strongest Democratic showing in the state since 1964.
Democratic primary.
The Democratic primary was held on April 22. Voters also chose the Pennsylvania Democratic Party's candidates for various state and local offices.
The Democratic primary was open to registered Democrats only. Polls opened at 7am and closed at 8pm. Senators Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were the only candidates on the ballot for President of the United States. The primary was considered to be a "must win" for Clinton, who defeated Obama, but by a smaller margin than hoped for.
Hillary Clinton won the primary by 9.28 percentage points, a wider margin than expected than recent polls suggested, but smaller than most January and February polls. Despite her victory, she gained only nine delegates on Obama. In particular superdelegates were not swinging in her direction after her win; the Clintons had been trying to secure the support of Congressman Jason Altmire but he remained uncommitted after she won his district by 31 percentage points during the primary.
Delegates.
The Pennsylvania Democratic Party sent 187 delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention. Of those delegates, 158 were pledged, and 29 were unpledged. All of the 158 pledged delegates were allocated (pledged) to vote for a particular candidate at the National Convention according to the results of the Pennsylvania Presidential Primary. The 29 unpledged delegates were popularly called "superdelegates" because their vote represented their personal decisions, whereas the regular delegates' votes represented the collective decision of many voters. The superdelegates were free to vote for any candidate at the National Convention and were selected by the Pennsylvania Democratic Party's officials.
The 158 pledged delegates were further divided into 103 district delegates and 55 state-wide delegates. The 103 district delegates were divided among Pennsylvania's 19 Congressional Districts and were allocated to the presidential candidates based on the primary results in each District. The 55 state-wide delegates were divided into 35 at-large delegates and 20 Party Leaders and Elected Officials (abbreviated PLEOs). They were allocated to the presidential candidates based on the preference of the delegates at the State Committee meeting on June 7.
Of the 29 unpledged delegates, 26 were selected in advance and 3 were selected at the State Committee meeting. The delegates selected in advance were 13 Democratic National Committee members, the 11 Democratic U.S. Representatives from Pennsylvania, Democratic U.S. Senator Bob Casey, Jr., and Democratic Governor Ed Rendell.
Importance of Pennsylvania.
The primary was the first time since 1976 that Pennsylvania played a major role in a presidential nomination.
Importance of Pennsylvania for Clinton.
As the race continued to Pennsylvania, Indiana, and North Carolina, many observers had concluded that Clinton had little chance to overcome Obama's lead in pledged delegates.
Former President Bill Clinton highlighted the importance of the state for the Clinton campaign saying on March 11 at an event in Western Pennsylvania that "If she wins a big, big victory in Pennsylvania, I think it’ll give her a real big boost going into the next primaries... I think she’s got to win a big victory in Pennsylvania. I think if she does, she can be nominated, but it’s up to you." This was a repetition of his tactic before March 4, warning supporters that his wife might not be able to continue if she did not win Ohio and Texas. Hillary Clinton emphasized that Pennsylvania was something of a home state for her, as her father came from Scranton, Pennsylvania, she and her brothers were christened there and had vacationed near there each summer, and her brothers still maintained the family cottage near there.
Importance of Pennsylvania to Obama.
On March 18, 2008 Barack Obama chose Philadelphia as the site to deliver his much-anticipated "A More Perfect Union" speech dealing with the race and the controversy surrounding his pastor, Rev. Jeremiah Wright.
Campaign.
Obama's "Road to Change" Bus Tour.
Obama started a 6-day "Road to Change" bus tour across Pennsylvania, with stops in Pittsburgh, Johnstown, Altoona, State College, Harrisburg
On March 28, Obama started the bus tour with a rally in Pittsburgh's Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall. Obama was introduced and endorsed by Senator Bob Casey, Jr., who had indicated earlier that he would remain neutral in the democratic primary.
Casey traveled to Florida over the Easter holiday, where he said rain forced him to stay inside and think about the election. Obama's ability to "transcend" the racial divide and his ability to engage younger voters proved decisive to his decision. According to sources, Casey's four daughters lobbied their dad to endorse Obama. 
On March 29, the Obama bus tour stopped at the Pleasant Valley Recreation Center in Altoona, where he famously bowled a 37. Both Obama and Senator Casey (who rolled a score of 71) lost to local homemaker Roxanne Hart, who rolled a score of 82. On April Fool's Day, Senator Clinton jokingly challenged Obama to a "bowl-off," with the winner taking all the delegates.
Controversy.
On April 11, 2008, Huffington Post blogger Mayhill Fowler, a self-admitted Barack Obama supporter, reported that during an April 6 "closed press" fundraising event in San Francisco, California, Obama recounted the obstacles facing his campaign in the Pennsylvania primary as it pertained to rural, white voters. Fowler wrote that during the speech, Obama said the following:
You go into these small towns in Pennsylvania and, like a lot of small towns in the Midwest, the jobs have been gone now for 25 years and nothing's replaced them... And they fell through the Clinton Administration, and the Bush Administration, and each successive administration has said that somehow these communities are gonna regenerate and they have not. And it's not surprising then they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations.
Fowler later posted a three minute 30 second audio snippet confirming the accuracy of the remark. Senators Clinton and John McCain both issued statements condemning the remarks. Obama later defended his comments, but conceded: "I didn't say it as well as I should have." However, he also added: "I said something that everybody knows is true." Obama had addressed similar themes of guns, religion, and economics in 2004 during an interview with Charlie Rose.
Final week.
On the last Friday before the primary, Senator Obama spoke on Independence Mall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a crowd of more than 35,000, the largest audience yet drawn by either candidate during the campaign. The crowd was nearly twice what had been projected and spilled over into nearby streets. The next day, Obama conducted a whistle stop train tour from Philadelphia to Harrisburg, drawing a crowd of 6,000 at a stop in Wynnewood and 3,000 at a stop in Paoli. On Monday, Sen. Obama held the final events of his Pennsylvania campaign in Scranton, McKeesport and at the University of Pittsburgh's Petersen Events Center.
The Saturday before the primary, Senator Clinton spoke in five Pennsylvania cities, including West Chester and York, Pennsylvania. More than 300 people showed up at the West Chester firehouse to hear the New York Senator speak. At the Wilson high gymnasium in West Lawn, Pennsylvania, Clinton told several hundred more supporters: "The job of a leader is to bring people together to solve problems . . . to understand that sometimes we have to fight to get the political will and the votes to make that happen". On Monday, April 21, Senator Clinton along with husband Bill Clinton spoke to a crowd of 6,000 in Downtown Pittsburgh. Other events were held Monday in Scranton, Harrisburg, and Philadelphia. Both candidates refused to participate in the political custom of street money.
Polls.
Public opinion polling from early January 2007 through mid-February 2008 consistently gave Hillary Clinton a double digit lead over Barack Obama. By the beginning of April, polls of Pennsylvanians showed Obama trailing Clinton by an average of 5 points. According to 2 polls taken one day before the primary, Hillary Clinton was leading Barack Obama by 49%-42% and 51%-41%. Other polls showed Clinton leading by an average of about 6%. 
Some superdelegates also announced their preferred candidates before the primary. As of April 30, 16 superdelegates had announced support for Senator Clinton and 5 had announced support for Senator Obama.
Results.
Primary date: April 22, 2008
National pledged delegates determined: 158
Republican primary.
The Republican primary was also held on April 22 and voters also chose the Pennsylvania Republican Party's candidates for various state and local offices.
Polls opened at 7:00 am and closed at 8:00 pm. John McCain was the winner. He had already been declared the presumptive Republican Presidential nominee, having secured enough delegate votes in earlier primary contests to win the nomination at the 2008 Republican National Convention.
Unlike on the Democratic side, little campaigning took place as John McCain had already clinched the nomination. Outsider candidate Ron Paul made several stops in the state, including his birthplace of Pittsburgh.
Some media sources noted that Ron Paul and Mike Huckabee combined took in around 220,000 votes (about 27% of the vote), despite McCain's status as presumptive nominee and the statistical irrelevance of Pennsylvania, as a possible sign of continuing social conservative or libertarian unease with McCain's nomination and have speculated about whether these results could potentially affect McCain in the November general election. Although some strategists disputed this theory, pointing to low turnout among McCain supporters and arguing that primary results would not necessarily have an impact on November.
[http://news.yahoo.com/s/thenation/20080423/cm_thenation/45314454 [http://www.boston.com/news/nation/articles/2008/04/24/pa_vote_hints_republicans_divided_in_support_for_mccain/]
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Both McCain and Obama lead in various state polls taken from February until the end of April, when Obama took a steady, moderate lead in the state polling. Obama's lead was temporarily reduced to within margins of error and ties when Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska was announced as McCain's running mate in late August, but when the financial crisis of 2008 became a more potent election issue near the end of September, Obama then took a double-digit lead in the state polls, causing many analysts to no longer consider Pennsylvania a swing state in 2008. Nevertheless, John McCain campaigned heavily in the state near Election Day and some polls showed Obama's lead narrowing down to single digits. McCain hoped that Pennsylvania might be the swing state that ensured him a narrow victory. However, the economic crisis weighed heavily on the minds of voters across the country and in Pennsylvania it was no different where many voters blamed the Republicans for the collapse, ultimately helping Obama who ended up carrying Pennsylvania by a strong margin of 10.31%.
Fundraising.
Obama raised $14,043,740. McCain raised $5,188,757.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent almost $42 million, while McCain spent almost $30 million. The Obama campaign visited the state 16 times. The McCain campaign visited here 31 times.
Analysis.
McCain did win more counties than Obama, but the counties carried by Obama were by far the most populated of the state, including Philadelphia, Allegheny and Lehigh County, home to the state's three largest cities: Philadelphia, Pittsburgh and Allentown respectively.
Obama did extremely well throughout eastern Pennsylvania. He won more than 80% of voters in the city of Philadelphia, and two of its suburban counties gave him three-to-two margins (the other suburban counties also voted for Obama). Democratic margins from Philadelphia and its suburbs were more than enough to ensure Obama's victory even if he had lost all the rest of the state. North of Philadelphia, the heavily industrialized, pro-union counties characterized by cities such as Scranton (birthplace of Obama's running mate, Joe Biden), Wilkes-Barre and Allentown strongly backed Obama as well. African-American and Latino voters, as well as younger college-age voters, in Monroe County and even in very Republican Pike and Wayne counties gave Obama a much greater share of the vote than Kerry received in 2004. He also managed to win two traditionally Republican counties in the eastern part of the state, Dauphin (home to the state capital, Harrisburg) and Berks (home to Reading); the last Democrat to carry these counties was Lyndon Johnson in 1964. In addition, Obama remained competitive in the two most Republican counties in the eastern region: Lancaster (which gave George W. Bush his largest margin of victory in the entire state) and York. While John Kerry lost Lancaster by 32 percentage points, Obama lost the county by only 12%, a substantial improvement.
John McCain, however, did best in Southwestern Pennsylvania (around Pittsburgh), a part of Appalachia and the central, rural "T". Central Pennsylvania is a Republican stronghold; John McCain won the vast majority of its counties, often by substantial margins. However, Southwestern Pennsylvania, until recently, was the most Democratic region of the state (except for Philadelphia). Historically, when a Democrat carries Pennsylvania, the entire lower-left corner of the state from Pittsburgh to Johnstown is coated blue. The heavily unionized, Appalachian counties in and around Pittsburgh strongly voted against Ronald Reagan in 1984; in that election the only other county in the state to vote Democratic was Philadelphia. In 2008, however, the Republicans won every single county in Southwestern Pennsylvania except for Allegheny County, home to Pittsburgh (which voted Democratic by 15%). It was one of the few regions in which Obama did worse than John Kerry. This largely mirrored Obama's struggles throughout Appalachia throughout the course of the Democratic primary, when voters in this region strongly backed Hillary Clinton.
The 2008 election confirmed Pennsylvania's status as a Democratic-leaning state. As Kerry showed in 2004, under most circumstances a Democrat can lose everywhere else in the state and still run up enough of a margin in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh to win.
During the same election at the state level, Democrats picked up two seats in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives but Republicans picked up one seat in the Pennsylvania Senate. Democrats also picked up a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives in Pennsylvania's 3rd Congressional District as Democrat Kathy Dahlkemper defeated seven-term incumbent Republican Phil English by a 2.48-percent margin of victory. Dahlkemper received 51.24% of the vote while English took in 48.76%.
Results.
By congressional district.
Although Barack Obama won Pennsylvania, John McCain carried 10 of the commonwealth’s 19 congressional districts, including four districts held by Democrats. One district, PA-03, was extremely close, however, with McCain only winning by less than 20 votes. Obama won 9 districts, including two districts held by Republicans.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Pennsylvania cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Pennsylvania is allocated 21 electors because it has 19 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 21 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 21 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 20 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20569947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569947" title="Minister of Health (Iceland)">
Minister of Health (Iceland)

The Minister of Health () was a cabinet position which existed between 20 November 1959 and 1 January 1970 and again between 1 January 2008 and 31 December 2010. The Ministry of Health existed alongside the minister after 1 January 1970 when the Law on the Cabinet of Iceland took effect since ministries had not formally existed separately from the ministers. Between 1 January 1970 and 1 January 2008 the position became Minister of Health and Social Security () and the ministry itself was also renamed accordingly. On 31 December 2010 the Ministry of Health was merged with the Ministry of Social Affairs and Social Security to form the Ministry of Welfare.
List of ministers.
Minister of Health and Social Security (1 January 1970 – 1 January 2008).
The Law on the Cabinet of Iceland, which had been passed by the parliament 28 May 1969, took effect on 1 January 1970. Thus the Cabinet was formally established along with its ministries which had up until then not formally existed separately from the ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="20569964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569964" title="Unforgiven (2002)">
Unforgiven (2002)

Unforgiven (2002) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and presented by Castrol GTX that took place on September 22, 2002, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the fifth annual WWE Unforgiven event and featured wrestlers from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.
Eight professional wrestling matches were scheduled for the event—which featured a supercard, a scheduling of more than one main bout. The main event from the SmackDown! brand featured WWE Champion Brock Lesnar fighting The Undertaker to retain the title after both men were disqualified. After the match, The Undertaker continued to attack Lesnar, throwing him through the wall of a set. The main event from the Raw brand featured World Heavyweight Champion Triple H defeating Rob Van Dam to retain the title. Four matches were featured on the undercard. The first was a singles match where Chris Benoit defeated Kurt Angle. The next was between Trish Stratus and WWE Women's Champion Molly Holly, where Stratus won and captured the title. The third was a singles match between Eddie Guerrero and Edge, in which Guerrero won. The final featured undercard match had WWE Intercontinental Champion Chris Jericho defeating Ric Flair to retain the title.
Background.
The event featured nine professional wrestling matches, with outcomes predetermined by WWE script writers. The matches featured wrestlers portraying their characters in planned storylines that took place before, during and after the event. All wrestlers were from one of the WWE's brands--SmackDown! or Raw—the two storyline divisions in which WWE assigned its employees.
The main feud heading into Unforgiven on the SmackDown! brand was between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar, with the two feuding over the WWE Championship. On the August 29 episode of "SmackDown!", as Lesnar became an exclusive SmackDown wrestler, Stephanie McMahon made a single elimination series of matches to declare the number one contender for the championship. Kurt Angle and Chris Benoit made it to the final, but McMahon put the debuting Undertaker in the match, which The Undertaker won. The next week, Lesnar and The Undertaker confonted each other. On September 12, during Undertaker's match with Matt Hardy, Lesnar threatened the Undertaker's wife, Sara, and attacked The Undertaker, when he tried to save her. The next week, The Undertaker tried to attack Lesnar, but was stopped by Lesnar's security.
The main feud on the Raw brand was between Triple H and Rob Van Dam for the World Heavyweight Championship. On September 2, Triple H was awarded the newly-created World Heavyweight Championship by Eric Bischoff, and retained it against Ric Flair. However, Van Dam and Flair defeated Triple H and Chris Jericho in a tag team match, when Van Dam pinned Triple H. The next week, Van Dam won a number one contender's match. Triple H cost Van Dam his WWE Intercontinental Championship during a match against Jericho, and in relataliation Van Dam attacked Triple H during a title match with Jeff Hardy.

</doc>
<doc id="20569975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20569975" title="Jenny Kastein">
Jenny Kastein

Jeannette "Jenny" Hermine Kastein (24 January 1913 – 20 October 2000) was a Dutch breaststroke swimmer. She won a silver medal in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1931 European Championships. Next year she set four world records in the 400 m and 500 m breastroke (unofficial events), but could not compete in the Olympics due to the overall financial problems related to the Great Depression. She won the national titles in the 200 m in 1933, 1935 and 1936, yet her performance declined, and at the 1936 Summer Olympics she finished in a mere seventh place.
In 1942, Kastein married Evert Heleonardus Scheijde, a physician; they had two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20570015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570015" title="Michal Hašek">
Michal Hašek

Michal Hašek (born on 17 April 1976 in Brno) is a Czech politician and the current Governor of South Moravia. He's also been a member of the Chamber of Deputies since 2002. Hašek is the First Deputy Chairman of the Social Democratic Party (ČSSD) and the current governor of South Moravia region.
In the shadow cabinet of former Prime Minister Jiří Paroubek he was the shadow Minister of Agriculture.
He's a graduate of the Faculty of Law of Masaryk University. He also possess a juris degree, but it is often seen as a very controversial one as it has been obtained at very obscure law school in the southwestern town of Sládkovičovo in Slovakia. Furthermore his thesis has been led by a friend to Hašek and a Social Democrat from the Slovakia’s left-leaning Smer party. This is often seen as an example of clientelism in eastern european politics
Hašek is married and has one daughter.
Criticism and controversies.
In October 2013, shortly after the Czech legislative election, Hašek and his allies from the ČSSD called on the Chairman Bohuslav Sobotka to resign due to the party's poor election result and eliminated him from the team negotiating the next government. However, the further course of events showed that Hašek and his allies attended a secret post-election meeting with another ally, the Czech President Miloš Zeman and possibly negotiated a 'coup' in the ČSSD with him. Hašek had previously denied the accusations, stating in the Czech Television that "there was no meeting", however, his allies (deputies Milan Chovanec, Zdeněk Škromach, Jeroným Tejc and Jiří Zimola) later admitted that the meeting took place. The event sparked public protests in the country and eventually led to Hašek's apology. He, however, refused to resign.

</doc>
<doc id="20570023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570023" title="Joe Amato (poet)">
Joe Amato (poet)

Joe Amato (born May 31, 1955, in Syracuse, New York, and raised in the metro area) is an American writer best known for his poetry and his work in poetics. He has also authored a memoir and two novels (one forthcoming; see Bio at his official site, below). A licensed Professional Engineer in New York State, Amato spent seven years in industry working in various project engineering capacities before returning to graduate school. He holds degrees in mathematics and mechanical engineering from Syracuse University (B.S./B.S., 1976), and degrees in English from University at Albany (M.A., 1986, Doctor of Arts, 1989). Amato is the author of eight books and numerous essays and reviews. With his partner, the writer Kass Fleisher, Amato has authored a play, "Fat Jack's", and three award-winning screenplays (none of which have been produced to date). Since 2003, Amato has taught writing and literature at Illinois State University in Normal, Illinois. He's the production manager at Steerage Press.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20570025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570025" title="Yang Kaiqi">
Yang Kaiqi

Yang Kaiqi (born 6 May 1988 in Heilongjiang Province) is a Chinese IM chess player, who won the First (Hi Seoul) Korea Open Chess tournament held at the Olympic Parktel Convention Center, Seoul (from 29 November – 6 December 2008). This is the strongest chess tournament ever held in South Korea.
In 2008, Yang has also played at the 3rd PGMA Cup, at the Aeroflot Open, and at the Malaysian Open.

</doc>
<doc id="20570028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570028" title="Fuse One">
Fuse One

Fuse One was a group of jazz musicians who collaborated for two albums released on CTI Records and one album released on GNP Crescendo Record Co..
The albums "Fuse One" and "Silk" were produced by Creed Taylor. The first album was arranged by Jeremy Wall of Spyro Gyra, the second by Leon "Ndugu" Chancler of Weather Report and the third by David Matthews.
Membership was not concrete, but included Tony Williams, Joe Farrell, John McLaughlin, Stanley Turrentine, Wynton Marsalis, Larry Coryell, Lenny White, Paulinho Da Costa, Ronnie Foster, Stanley Clarke, George Benson, Todd Cochran, Leon "Ndugu" Chancler, Tom Browne, Dave Valentin, Jorge Dalto and Eric Gale.
The liner notes to their first album described the group thus: "Fuse One is conceived as a forum in which major contemporary musicians perform according to their own musical disciplines and without the constraints that accompany leader responsibilities. Each player brings in new compositions and ideas."

</doc>
<doc id="20570046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570046" title="Nina Mason Pulliam Indianapolis Special Collections Room">
Nina Mason Pulliam Indianapolis Special Collections Room

The Nina Mason Pulliam Indianapolis Special Collections Room is the archival collection of the Indianapolis Public Library. The Indianapolis Special Collections Room in the Central Library houses a variety of archival adult and children’s materials, both fiction and nonfiction books by local authors, photographs, scrapbooks, typescripts, manuscripts, autographed editions, letters, newspapers, magazines, and regalia. The collection features Kurt Vonnegut, May Wright Sewall, the Woollen family, James Whitcomb Riley, and Booth Tarkington.
Nina Mason Pulliam, 1906-1997.
Nina Mason Pulliam was born in 1906 in Martinsville, Indiana. She lived in Indiana during most of her childhood except at the age of 16 she traveled to the Arizona desert to recover from tuberculosis. When she returned to Indiana she attended college at Franklin College, Indiana University, and the University of New Mexico. She majored in journalism. After college she began her career in the publishing industry by working for "Farm Life Magazine" and then the "Lebanon Reporter". At the "Lebanon Reporter" she met Eugene C. Pulliam. In 1941 the couple was married. They were married for 46 years. During this time the Pulliams purchased "The Indianapolis Star", "The Indianapolis News", "The Arizona Republic" and "The Phoenix Gazette". After the death of Eugene C. Pulliam in 1975, Nina became President of Central Newspapers Inc., and publisher of "The Arizona Republic" and "The Phoenix Gazette" until 1978. Nina was the first woman admitted into the Society of Professional Journalists.
Mural.
A new mural has been installed in the Indianapolis Special Collections Room on the Sixth Floor of Central Library. The artist Tom Torluemke has given it the working title, "The Book of Life: The People We Know, the Experiences We Have, and the Conditions under Which We Live." More information and photographs of this mural can be found at http://www.imcpl.org/arts/?tag=mural
Featured collections.
Indianapolis Collection
Materials include Indianapolis history, city directories, church histories, college and high school yearbooks, biographies, the Indianapolis 500, theater programs, and audio-visual materials.
Indianapolis Authors
Children’s Literature Collection
Collection of about 2,000 volumes, ranging from Indiana authors, illustrated editions, some award-winning titles, and a variety of historical materials such as prominent Indianapolis children’s authors Eth Clifford, Mabel Leigh Hunt, Jean Brown Wagoner, and Guernsey Van Riper.
Fine Printing Collection
This collection began with a substantial gift by G. Harvey Petty. Over the years additional items have been added to this collection, not only in examples of fine printing, but in works about typography and the history of fine printing. A number of examples of local private printing exist, including those from the Grabhorn Press (originally the Studio Press) and Press of the Indiana Kid.
Cookbook and Menu Collection 
The cookbook collection was a gift of the family of Mr. Wright Marble, a local collector. The original donation included a number of 17th and 18th century English and Italian works, along with German, some Oriental, French, English and United States books published in the 19th century. The oldest title in the collection was published in 1542. Other locally published titles have been added over time.
Another collector, Arthur H. Rumpf, donated a collection of approximately 100 historic menus, including those from railroad dining cars, hotels, and testimonial-recognition dinners. Local menus have been added over the years.
Digital Collections
The Library offers free access to digital versions of increasingly valuable, fragile and hard-to-use originals at http://www.imcpl.org/resources/digitallibrary/

</doc>
<doc id="20570047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570047" title="Book of Leinster (contents)">
Book of Leinster (contents)

The following table of contents for the Book of Leinster is based on the diplomatic edition by R.I. Best and M.A. O'Brien. The contents are listed according to the folio number of the manuscript and the page and volume number of the edition. The names of poets assigned in the Book of Leinster are here followed by (ascr.) (for 'ascribed') and need not represent genuine authorship. 

</doc>
<doc id="20570049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570049" title="Apology for Smectymnuus">
Apology for Smectymnuus

Apology for Smectymnuus, or "An Apology for a Pamphlet", was published by John Milton in April 1642. It was the final of his antiprelatical tracts which criticize the structure of the Church of England.
Background.
The "Apology" was published in April 1642 as "An Apology against a Pamphlet Called a Modest Confutation of the Animadversions upon the Remonstrant against Smectymnvvs" and is his final antiprelatical tract. The tract was written as a response to a refutation by Bishop Joseph Hall. 
Tract.
Milton argues that the defense of truth makes one vulnerable to personal attacks and emphasizes that role of personal integrity, especially his own: "as a member incorporate into that truth whereof I was perswaded". Milton defends his own integrity when he later writes: "that indeed according to art is most eloquent, which returns and approaches neerest to nature from whence it came; and they expresse nature best, who in their lives least wander from her safe leading, which may be call'd regenerate reason". This idea is expanded further when he says:
he who would not be frustrated of his hope to write well hereafter in laudable things, ought him selfe to bee a true Poem, that is, a composition, and patterne of the best and honourable things; not presuming to sing high praises of heroick men, or famous Cities, unlesse he have in himselfe the experience and the practice of all that which is praise-worthy.
Themes.
The "Apology", like many of Milton's other tracts, praises Parliament and emphasizes that they are reformers and the basis of the country. The tract also connects truth of words with the individual's character. Paul Stevens emphasizes that the tract reflects how "Milton's self is produced in the process of writing" and that his self is put through "a series of culturally approved "laterall" transformations". In particular, Elizabeth Wheeler points out that the tract contains "Milton's understanding of Aristotle's definition of man as a political animal. Heroism lies in the risk of changing and being changed in verbal exchange."

</doc>
<doc id="20570070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570070" title="Ministry of Justice and Human Rights (Iceland)">
Ministry of Justice and Human Rights (Iceland)

The Icelandic Ministry of Justice and Human Rights () was a cabinet-level ministry within the government of Iceland. Since 2 September 2010, the minister had been Ögmundur Jónasson. The institution was previously known as the "Ministry of Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs".
Since 2011, it was merged with the Ministry of Transport, Communications and Local Government to form the Ministry of Interior.

</doc>
<doc id="20570077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570077" title="Shankar Sarda">
Shankar Sarda

Shankar Sarda (born September 4, 1937) is a critic and journalist/editor from Maharashtra, India.
Early life.
Sarda was born in 1937 in Mahabaleshwar, Maharashtra. Though he was a Marathi language writer but he was born to a Maheshwari Marwari family.
At his age 13, his first book "Chatur Champa", a collection of stories for children, was published. In the next few years, many more of his children's stories were published in children's magazines, including B. R. Bhagwat's "Balmitra", Sane Guruji's "Sadhana", Gopinath Talwalkar's "Anand", Vasudeo Krishnaji Bhave's "Suman", B. R. Modak's "Mulanche Masik", Virendra Adhia's "Kumar", and "Loksatta" daily's children's section. In 1949, he attended "Kumar Sahitya Sammelan", a literary conference, in Dahanu and the next year in Ahmedabad where he was felicitated as a young writer.
Education.
After finishing his high school education in 1955 at New English School in Pune, Sarda received a B.A. in Marathi literature in1959 at Sir Parashurambhau College in Pune, and an M.A. In English literature in 1961 from Mumbai University. He was an Associate Nieman Fellow at Harvard University in 1965.
Sarada has traveled extensively in India and many countries in the West and the far East.
Literary work.
Sarda has authored over 60 books in Marathi. He has critiqued and reviewed around 2500 books in different newspapers .
Journalism and editorship.
Sarda has been an editor of the following newspapers and magazines:

</doc>
<doc id="20570079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570079" title="Minister of Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs (Iceland)">
Minister of Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs (Iceland)

The Minister of Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs () was the head of Ministry of Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs which existed between 1 January 1970 and 1 October 2009. Before the Law on the Cabinet of Iceland took effect ministries in Iceland had not existed separately from the ministers. Between 4 January 1917 and 1 January 1970 the minister responsible for justice was titled Minister of Justice and the minister responsible for ecclesiastical affairs was titled Minister of Ecclesiastical Affairs. In cases were one person was responsible for both he or she was titled Minister of Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs. On 1 October 2009 the position became Minister of Justice and Human Rights () and the ministry itself was also renamed accordingly. On 31 December 2010 the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights was merged with the Ministry of Transport, Communications and Local Government to form the Ministry of the Interior.

</doc>
<doc id="20570081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570081" title="A1 autoroute (Martinique)">
A1 autoroute (Martinique)

The A1 autoroute in Martinique (officially designated as A1 (972)) is the only autoroute on the French autoroute system built outside of Metropolitan France. This short autoroute, only in length, connects Aimé Césaire International Airport in Le Lamentin to Fort-de-France.
Exits.
Unlike the Metropolitan France autoroutes, the exits along A1 are not numbered:

</doc>
<doc id="20570082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570082" title="1999 Lipton Championships – Men's Singles">
1999 Lipton Championships – Men's Singles

Marcelo Ríos was the defending champion, but lost in the fourth round this year.
Richard Krajicek won the title, defeating Sébastien Grosjean 4–6, 6–1, 6–2, 7–5 in the final.
Seeds.
All thirty-two seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20570123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570123" title="Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act">
Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act

The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) of 2008 is a United States law signed on August 14, 2008 by President George W. Bush. The legislative bill was known as HR 4040, sponsored by Congressman Bobby Rush (D-Ill.). On December 19, 2007, the U.S. House approved the bill 407-0. On March 6, 2008, the U.S. Senate approved the bill 79-13. The law—public law 110-314—increases the budget of the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), imposes new testing and documentation requirements, and sets new acceptable levels of several substances. It imposes new requirements on manufacturers of apparel, shoes, personal care products, accessories and jewelry, home furnishings, bedding, toys, electronics and video games, books, school supplies, educational materials and science kits. The Act also increases fines and specifies jail time for some violations.
This act is seen in part controversial because of its impact to many types of businesses that did not cause the problem. Because of the wide-sweeping nature of the law, many small resellers will be forced to discontinue the sale of children’s products and are in risk of losing (and in some cases have already lost) their business.
A previous, less sweeping bill, the Lead-Free Toys Act (H.R. 3473, sponsored by Representative Henry Waxman), was incorporated into this act. The earlier bill was prompted by various scandals over high lead content in toys, including a December 2006 report at Waxman's behest showing high lead levels in items sold in U.S. Capitol gift shops.
Budget authorization.
The law increases the CPSC budget authorization from $80 million in 2008 to $136 million in 2014. It also increases staffing to at least 500 personnel by 2013.
Targeted industries.
It is targeted mostly toward "children's products", which are defined as any consumer product designed or intended primarily for children 12 years of age or younger. 
There are also new rules governing All terrain vehicle (ATVs).
It also affects any product that is subject to anything the CPSC regulates by requiring certificates of conformance which state that the product was tested to conform to the regulations it is subject to.
Definition of a Children's Product.
The law defines a "children's product" as a consumer product designed or intended primarily for children 12 years of age or younger. In determining whether a consumer product is primarily intended for a child 12 years of age or younger, the following factors will be considered:
See 15 USC 2052 See also 16 CFR 1200.2(a) For the CPSC's detailed analysis about the four factors, see 16 CFR 1200.2(c)
Testing and exposure levels.
Lead.
The legislation reduces the limit of lead allowed in surface coatings or paint to 90 ppm (from the current limit of 600 ppm) effective on 14 August 2009.
The legislation reduces the amount of total lead content in children's product substrates to
The Falvey Opinion (named for Cheryl Falvey, General Counsel for the CPSC) issued on 12 September 2008 stated that these limits would be retroactively applied to products on retailer's shelves on the dates indicated.
Phthalates.
As of 10 February 2009, it shall be unlawful for any person to manufacture for sale, distribute in commerce, or import any children's toy or childcare article that contains the phthalates DEHP, DBP, or BBP at levels higher than 0.1 percent.
The legislation bans from any children's toy that can be put in a child's mouth or childcare articles phthalates DINP, DIDP, and DnOP at levels higher than 0.1% on an interim basis until a report from the Chronic Hazard Advisory Panel (CHAP) is received, after which the CPSC can continue the prohibition by rule.
CPSC General Counsel Falvey provided an advisory opinion on 17 October 2008 that the phthalate ban does not apply to children's footwear. Falvey provided an additional opinion on 17 November 2008 that the ban does not apply to wearing apparel, but does apply to toy costumes, bibs, sleepwear. Notably in its distinction from the lead ruling of 12 September 2008, the phthalate ban will apply to articles manufactured on or after 10 February 2009. However, the decision was challenged by the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) and Public Citizen in the New York Southern District Court and set aside by Judge Paul Gardephe on 5 February 2009.
Mandatory testing.
The legislation requires that every manufacturer of a product subject to a consumer product safety rule will provide a "General Conformity Certificate" to certify, based on unit testing or a reasonable testing program, that the product complies with all safety rules. This requirement was imposed on every product manufactured on or after 12 November 2008. The certificate must:
These certificates must accompany the product through the distribution chain through the retailer. They must be available to the CPSC during any inspection.
Children's products are singled out for third party testing by this Act. A schedule for testing is found in Section 102(a)(3)(B) and shows:
The third party testing requirement for lead content was originally set by the CPSIA at 600 ppm, but dropped to 300 ppm in August, 2009. However, these lead content testing requirements were stayed by the CPSC in January 2009 until February 10, 2010. In December 2009, this stay of enforcement was further extended until February 10, 2011. In both cases, the CPSC cited a need to implement further rulemaking and to give manufacturers more time to comply. On October 9, 2011 CSPC passed final regulations requiring third-party safety testing for children's products. These new regulations go into effect 15 months after publication in the Federal Register. The actual date for compliance as publish for compliance will be February 8, 2013 for their own Product Testing and Certification Program.
Beginning 14 August 2009, children's products must be marked by a permanent distinguishing mark or label that indicates the manufacturer, cohort (batch), and any other mark necessary to trace the product.
Whistleblower protections.
The purpose of the Act's whistleblower provision is to protect employees who do the right thing by speaking up when they believe their employer has violated a consumer product safety law. Specifically, if employees of a manufacturer, private labeler, distributor, or retailer of consumer products, may not have their employer retaliate against them for reporting potential violations of consumer product safety laws.
Additionally, under the Act a Publicly Available Consumer Product Safety Information Database where consumers can directly report harm or merely a risk of harm officially launched on March 11, 2011.
Penalties.
The Act imposes or increases both fines and jail time penalties, and mandates coordination with the CPSC when effecting a manufacturer's product recall. The law 
Criticism.
Manufacturers, both large and small, have protested the extremely short timelines, the failure to take into account manufacturing processes, and the failure to take into account the breadth of the impact.
Congress passed this legislation in the wake of several high profile recalls in 2007 and 2008 of toys manufactured in China. Though many of these later turned out to be problems with design rather than manufacture, public pressure was increased as the result of at least one case of lead poisoning and subsequent issues with tainted pet food and other products shipped from China. The legislation, HR 4040, was passed in July 2008 and signed into law by President Bush in August 2008. The first deadline came up in September, and several major deadlines came up in February 2009.
Manufacturers point out that many of the products to be impacted are already making their way through the supply chain. As a result, much inventory that was legal prior to the signing of the law and was manufactured shortly thereafter will probably be on shelves as the deadlines approach. The Natural Resources Defense Council and Public Citizen apparently agree that these products are already in distribution, but believe that manufacturers should still be held liable. The problem is not the lead or phthalate content, as they imply, but the fact that the products must be tested to make sure they comply. There is also confusion of what products need a GCC and which do not. They have not been tested because the items generally do not contain hazardous materials; CPSC has been slow to define some of the accreditation or testing criteria; some of the low volume, low value items are not economical to test; and lot tracking methods would not allow some of the items to be tracked.
Manufacturers also point out that even if they were to attempt to comply, there are logistical problems. Companies with large varieties of products will have difficulty selecting several samples of every item. Even if they can, there are not enough testing facilities to handle the volume in time to meet the schedules.
Manufacturers also note both the difficulty and the apparently contradictory mandate to perform unit testing. An apparel manufacturer, for example, might use a single mill product such as organic cotton cloth coupled with a few organic dyes and a few pieces of hardware such as zippers or buttons. Those can be combined in limitless ways and in various sizes. Testing all of the final products generally provides no more information than would testing the individual inputs (or "components"), but is vastly more expensive. In response to this criticism, the CPSC added Rule 1109, known as the "Component Part Testing Rule", that allows U.S. importers to rely on suppliers to meet testing requirements, so long as “due care” is used to make sure that the supplier has in fact complied with requirements. 
Final product testing may actually be counterproductive if, for example, a solid lead button is tested as part of a larger product. When tested separately, the button would fail, but when mixed together with the other inputs, the final total lead content may fall below the standard. Thus, unit testing would result in certifying the safety of a product which has unsafe components that could be swallowed by a child.
Other manufacturers point out the problem of defining "children's products." Electronic products such as video games could be considered children's products, and are therefore subject to that testing. Electronics products contain lead as a component of solder; whereas the European Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive standards have long attempted to phase out lead solder, the tin solder is known to suffer from a defect known as tin whiskers. This means that entire classes of products may become unavailable as manufacturers withdraw from the markets, banned as they are unable to pass tests, or defective as they substitute inferior components.
Additionally, products such as “regular Children’s books”, that have never been a health problem, are being included in the products that must be tested and certified.
The law requires some rulings from the CPSC on a predetermined schedule, and allows for other rulings as necessary. Manufacturers must wait until a final ruling is made before they can perform the required testing or gather the required documentation. Many times this ruling isn't available until after the item is already required. For example, the law required the issuance of a GCC for products manufactured "on and after November 12, 2008", but the GCC ruling was not published in the Federal Register until 18 November 2008.
These criticisms have been leveled by large and small manufacturers alike. According to 2002 business census data, 99% of the apparel manufacturers in the United States are small businesses, using the Small Business Administration's definition of "less than 500 employees." Many of them believe that they will not be able to manage or afford the mandated testing and will go out of business. This has resulted in an online petition campaign by small manufacturers of children's apparel. 
Larger manufacturers are faced with problems stemming from their leverage, from aspects of Sarbanes-Oxley legislation, from their visibility, and from the logistics of managing the testing of large varieties of products. Large manufacturers tend to be very leveraged, and use their eligible inventory as their borrowing base. Because the inventory is going to become unsalable on 10 February 2009, there will be an abrupt change in their borrowing base. This raises the question of whether corporate officers can legitimately claim inventory in their current borrowing base. Because many of these loan agreements and all publicly traded companies require audited financial statements at the end of the year, inventories will be tested. This will result in a negative change in valuation and a sharp reduction or termination of available credit. For public companies, it raises the issue of whether those officers are making false representations, introducing the specter of criminal liability under Sarbanes-Oxley.
In early 2009, local media reported that children's clothes, books, toys, and other items were being removed from shelves at local stores - and in some of these cases even to the point of causing the entire store to close - in Wichita, Kansas, Ionia, Michigan, Conway, Arkansas, Goldsboro, North Carolina, Lincoln, Nebraska, New York City, New York (NYC), Rochester, New York, Marshall, Minnesota, Kailua, Hawaii, New Port Richey, Florida, and Tucson, Arizona.
According to Walter Olson's report 'The New Book Banning' in 'City Journal' (NYC), the CPSIA has problems because due to economics, some stores destroyed books, and some used book sellers removed many books. One small bookstore owner interviewee criticized the CPSC and referenced the book "Fahrenheit 451", where the destruction of books at government behest was a plot point. Olson also claims that there has never been any known case of a child receiving lead poisoning from a book. In his closing paragraph, Olson writes "... ours will be a poorer world...".
The enactment of the CPSIA banned the sale of youth motorcycles and ATVs because of the lead content of battery terminals and tire valve stems. The law has a provision for exceptions to be made by the CPSC, but it has not done so for these products as of March 2009. The ban has left many motorsports retailers with unsalable products, and motorcycle industry leaders suggest that the ban may cost the US economy $1 billion. However, on 08/12/11, an amendment was signed by President Obama, which exempts youth ATVs and motorcycles from the CPSIA.

</doc>
<doc id="20570125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570125" title="Meore Liga">
Meore Liga

Georgian Meore Liga was organized in 1990, which serves as the third division of professional football in Georgia.
Structure and league system.
The league is split into a Western and Eastern division. As the third division of professional football in Georgia, the champion and runner-up of the Meore Liga are promoted to the Pirveli Liga

</doc>
<doc id="20570129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570129" title="Engine House No. 18 (Detroit, Michigan)">
Engine House No. 18 (Detroit, Michigan)

The Engine House No. 18 is a fire station located at 3812 Mt. Elliott Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is also known as Engine Company No. 18 Fire Station. It is the third oldest existing (and the oldest operating) fire station in Detroit. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
History.
Land for this Engine House was purchased in 1891 for $2100. The building was designed by the Detroit architects George D. Mason and Zachariah Rice and constructed by Vinton & Co. for $20,228.14.
Description.
The Engine House is a two-story red brick building with trim of red-orange sandstone and salmon colored brick topped with a high double-pitch hip roof in the front and a lower roof in the rear. Dormers feature wooden cornices containing sculpted faces, serpents, and dragonheads. Two engine bays are located on the first floor, along with the station office, kitchen, and dining & recreation room. The sleeping quarters, officer’s room, locker room and bathroom are on the second floor. A hose-drying chamber stretches from the first floor to the attic.
A rear addition to the original 1892 building was constructed in 1949; the site also houses a one-story, brick storage building at the rear of the lot.

</doc>
<doc id="20570137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570137" title="United States presidential election in Alaska, 2008">
United States presidential election in Alaska, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Alaska was won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 21.5% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Democratic nominee Barack Obama did, however, perform better in 2008 than Democratic nominee John Kerry did in 2004. The presence of popular Governor Sarah Palin on the ticket as the Republican Party's vice presidential nominee did not appear to play a major role in McCain's victory, as the McCain-Palin ticket received a slightly smaller percentage of Alaskan votes than did Bush-Cheney in 2004.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Opinion polls consistently showed John McCain to be leading Barack Obama. From April until August showed John McCain with a slim lead, with one poll taken in early August showing Obama five points ahead. However, from when Sarah Palin was announced as McCain's running mate on August 29, polls showed John McCain consistently ahead.RealClearPolitics gave the state an average of 55.8% for McCain, compared to 41.3% for Obama.
Fundraising.
Barack Obama raised $977,438. John McCain raised $321,101.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $134,686. McCain and his interest groups spent just $1,836. The Democratic ticket didn't visit the state. Alaskan native Sarah Palin campaigned just once in the state during the fall election.
Analysis.
At the time of the election, Alaska had a Republican Governor and Lieutenant Governor (Sarah Palin and Sean Parnell, respectively) and was represented in both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives solely by Republicans (U.S. Senator Ted Stevens, who was defeated for reelection in 2008 by the former Democratic Mayor of Anchorage Mark Begich, and U.S. Senator Lisa Murkowski, and U.S. Representative Don Young). At the time of the election, Republicans held a majority in the Alaska House of Representatives whereas a Republican-Democratic Coalition controlled the Alaska Senate. Furthermore, since becoming a state in 1959, Alaska has voted for the Republican nominee in every presidential election with the exception of 1964 when the Last Frontier voted for President Lyndon B. Johnson. 
Early in the campaign, Obama actually bought some advertising in Alaska, apparently thinking that Libertarian Bob Barr could hold down McCain's numbers; Alaska has a history of supporting third-party candidates. Also, several polls in the early summer of 2008 showed the race within single digits (with one poll from Alaska pollster Hays Research showing Obama with a five-point lead). However, any realistic discussions of Obama carrying the state ended when McCain named Palin as his running mate.
Palin, who was at the time one of the most popular governors in the nation, on the ticket as vice presidential nominee likely helped McCain carry the state. At the same time, Representative Young was reelected to an 18th term by a narrow margin over Democrat Ethan Berkowitz in a highly contested U.S. House race. Stevens, who was convicted earlier in the year on seven felony charges (though the conviction was subsequently vacated due to prosecutorial misconduct), was narrowly ousted by Begich. In the state legislature, Democrats picked up one seat in the State House and two members of the Coalition broke away and went back to their respective parties.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Due to the state's low population, only one congressional district is allocated. This district, called the At-Large district, because it covers the entire state, and thus is equivalent to the statewide election results.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Alaska cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Alaska is allocated 3 electors because it has 1 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 3 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 3 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 3 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20570143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570143" title="Branchinella spinosa">
Branchinella spinosa

Branchinella spinosa is a species within the family Thamnocephalidae. This fairy shrimp species occurs in parts of Southern Africa, notably the Makgadikgadi Pans of Botswana. Other crustacean species found in this region of Botswana in co-existence with "B. spinosa" include "Moina belli".

</doc>
<doc id="20570144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570144" title="Red Hot TV">
Red Hot TV

Red Hot TV can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20570149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570149" title="Jaap Eggermont">
Jaap Eggermont

Jacobus Johannus (Jaap) Eggermont (born 31 October 1946) is a Dutch record producer, best known for his Stars on 45 project.
Eggermont's first job in the musical professional was from 1965 until 1969 as the drummer of the band Golden Earrings. After leaving that band, which soon changed its name to Golden Earring, Eggermont became a record producer. He worked with such acts as Sandy Coast, Earth and Fire and Livin' Blues. His greatest success he had in the early 1980s, with his project Stars on 45.

</doc>
<doc id="20570161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570161" title="Talobilla Park">
Talobilla Park

Talobilla Park is a sporting facility located in the suburb of Kippa-Ring, Queensland in Australia. Sports include baseball, canoeing, dragon boating, football (soccer), rugby league and softball. Talobilla Park also contains an Automated Weather Observing System for the Australian Bureau of Meteorology. It is built on an old landfill reserve.
Baseball.
Talobilla has two regulation-size baseball diamonds built in 2004 including one regulation Little League field. The main diamond is a fully fenced and regulation-sized baseball field with field-level dugouts, two bullpens, two battery cages, a scorers box, canteen, bar and shaded seating for approx 100.
Major A standard floodlighting and a second amenities block with an umpires change room and showers has also been proposed by the Moreton Bay Regional Council and will be completed before the 2010 season.
Diamond two is also a regulation-sized baseball diamond with training standard floodlighting. It is home to the Redcliffe Padres, the largest baseball club in Queensland and second largest in Australia. It has hosted a variety of events including Queensland schoolboys and club junior state titles.

</doc>
<doc id="20570176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570176" title="Engine House No. 18">
Engine House No. 18

Engine House No. 18 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20570178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570178" title="Liam Boyle">
Liam Boyle

Liam Boyle is a hurler who plays with Ballyduff and Kerry. His family are a famous Hurling and Football family in North Kerry and he has played both Football and Hurling with Kerry.
Club.
Hurling.
With Ballyduff Boyle won a County Senior Championship in 2006 when they beat Causeway 1-17 to 1-11 to give Ballyduff title since 1995, he added a second in 2010. He also won Minor County Championships in 1996 and 1998.
Football.
Boyle was a member of the Ballyduff side that won back to back North Kerry Senior Football Championship title in 2005 and 2006 when they over came Listowel Emmets in both finals.
Inter-county.
Hurling.
Boyle is a member of the Kerry Senior hurling team and has also played Minor and U21 for Kerry. In 2003 he played in Croke Park in the National Hurling League Div 2 final only to lose out to Antrim by 3-18 to 3-12. He was the team caption in 2007 after Ballyduff County Championship win in 2006.
Football.
Boyle was a member of the Kerry Minor team in 1998 and won a Munster Championship medal that year. He also played U21 with the county both has little success.
Hurling.
Football
Intercounty
Hurling
Football

</doc>
<doc id="20570204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570204" title="Elizabeth Ryan (swimmer)">
Elizabeth Ryan (swimmer)

Elizabeth M. Ryan (January 4, 1923 – May 1998) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. As a 13-year-old, Ryan swam for the third-place U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the women's 4x100-meter freestyle relay, helping the Americans qualify for the event final. Under the 1936 Olympic swimming rules, she did not receive a medal because she did not swim in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20570205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570205" title="Drifting School">
Drifting School

Drifting School is a 1995 film starring Drake Bell in his film debut. The film is about aliens coming to earth and a drifting school student Kenny Smith (Drake Bell) who has to save the world before everybody on earth dies.

</doc>
<doc id="20570210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570210" title="Mount Sinai Holy Church of America">
Mount Sinai Holy Church of America

Mount Sinai Holy Church of America, Incorporated (MSHCA), is a Christian church in the Pentecostal tradition. The church is episcopal in governance. It has approximately 130 congregations in 14 states and 4 countries and a membership of over 50,000. The organization's headquarters is located in Philadelphia, PA.
History.
Founded by Ida B. Robinson, the organization is the only organization founded by an African-American woman that held consistent female leadership from its founding in 1924 until February 2001.
Ida B. Robinson grew up in Pensacola, Florida, the seventh of twelve children born to Robert and Annie Bell. After her conversion as a teenager at an evangelistic street meeting, she led prayer services in homes. In 1910 she married Oliver Robinson. In search for better employment opportunities, the couple relocataed from Pensacola to Philadelphia in 1917.
In Philadelphia, she began conducting street evangelism in Philadelphia under the auspices of The United Holy Church of America. In 1919, Robinson was installed as pastor of Mount Olive Holy Temple, a small mission that was affiliated with the United Holy Church.
1924 became a significant year in the life of Ida Robinson. While fasting and praying in the church for ten days, she stated that she received a revelation from God. As she related, “The Holy Ghost spoke and said, ‘Come out on Mount Sinai.” After this encounter, Robinson believed that God was calling her to “Come out on Mount Sinai,” so that “I will use you to loose the women.” On May 20, 1924, the State of Pennsylvania granted her a charter for the church under the name of the Mount Sinai Holy Church of America, Incorporated.
At its founding, women comprised six of nine members of the Board of Elders as well as the top four officers. Ida Robinson began to conduct many evangelistic works and church planting. To strengthen the general organization, an Annual Convocation was instituted. This Annual meeting was first held in Philadelphia for eight days in September, 1925, she was also consecrated as Bishop during the meeting. When she died, the denomination consisted of 84 churches, more than 160 ordained ministers of whom 125 were women, an accredited school in Philadelphia, mission work in Cuba and Guyana, and a farm in South Jersey that provided a safe haven away from the city for church members.
Doctrine.
The doctrinal emphasis of the church is the inspired, infallible, authority of Scripture, belief in the trinity, conversion, repentance, salvation in the Lord Jesus Christ, justification, sanctification and baptism by the Holy Spirit. The Church teaches that baptism by the Holy Spirit is given to all Christian believers who ask for it. Divine healing is practiced, but not to the exclusion of medical supervision. Holiness of life and practice are emphasized. The ordinances of the Church, as act of obedience to Faith, are water baptism (immersion), the Lord's Supper (Holy Communion) and the Ordinance of Humility (foot washing). One particular doctrine that is solidified in the denomination’s history is its beliefs on gender equality. Both men and women are considered equal in reference to official ordinations and ecclesiastical rights.
Leadership.
Presiding Bishop Elmira Jeffries served as President and Senior Bishop from 1946 to 1964. She was a charter member of the denomination, and became its first vice-president. Subsequent to the death of Bishop Ida Robinson, Jeffries was set aside to the Bishopric in 1946 by Bishop W.E. Fuller, President of the Fire Baptized Holy Church. At this time, she became president of Mount Sinai Holy Church of America, Inc., and the pastor of Mount Olive Holy Temple in Philadelphia. Under her leadership, the church purchased the Physicians' and Surgeons' Hospital located 1512-1514 on 15th street in the city of Philadelphia. Today the building has been named, The Elmira Jeffries Memorial Home. On Monday, June 15, 1964, she died.
Presiding Bishop Mary E. Jackson served as President and Senior Bishop from 1964 to 1983. She was also a charter member of the denomination. Jackson's tenure as president was the second longest in the church's history. Jackson was 88 years old when she became the denomination's president. On October 26, 1980, Bishop Mary Elizabeth Jackson retired from active pastorate service. When she died on November 8, 1983, her age was 102 years making her the oldest president in the history of the church.
Presiding Bishop Amy B. Stevens, D.D. served as President and Senior Bishop from 1983 to 2000. Bishop Stevens was appointed President of Mount Sinai Holy Church of America, Inc., in February, 1984. Under her administration as president of Mount Sinai Holy Church of America, Inc., she created the Mount Sinai Training Institute and the expansion of ministry on the Mount Sinai Farm. She traveled to Mount Sinai’s churches in Guyana and Cuba. Bishop Stevens received an Honorary Doctorate of Theology degree from the Official Board of Christian Bible Institute and Seminary. In 1984 Bishop Stevens along with Bishop James F. Brown, Jr. (Mt. Sinai Holy Church of America), Bishop J O Patterson (President of the Church of God in Christ), Bishop J T Bowen (President of the United Holy Church of America)and Bishop J D Ellis (Pentecostal Church of Christ) founded the International Fellowship of Black Pentecostal Churches in Memphis, Tennessee. Bishop Steven died on Thursday, September 14, 2000. She was the last president to have been with the founder when she died in Winter Haven, Fl.
Presiding Bishop Ruth E. Satchell, DD served as President from 2000 to 2001. After the death of Bishop Amy Stevens, Bishop Satchell, who at that time was serving as vice president, was appointed president of the denomination. Satchell was in her mid 90's when beginning her tenure as president. She resigned as president in 2001, making her the shortest-serving president in the church's history. After her resignation she held the title of "President Emeritus" from 2001 until her death on March 1, 2011. She served as the jurisdictional bishop of the Mid-Atlantic District of the organization and was a member of the board of bishops and pastor of two churches. Prior to her presidency Bishop Satchell served as 1st Vice President, 2nd Vice President, a member of the Board of Directors and member of the Executive Board in the organization. She was 100 years old at the time of her death. 
Presiding Bishop Joseph H. Bell, Sr. has been President since 2001. In 2001, Bell made history by becoming the first male president of the denomination. Prior to being elected to the presidency of MSHCA. in February, 2001, Bishop Bell served the corporate church as it’s General Secretary and Secretary of the Board of Directors from 1982. Bell is pastor of the Bethel Holy Church in New York City and serves as jurisdictional bishop of the New York/New England district of the organization.
Executive Structure.
The church has 4 corporate officers, which include the president, vice president, general secretary and treasurer. There is a board of bishops. Assisting the bishops is a board of presbyteries, composed of the elders of the churches. The current Executive Officers of MSHCA include: 
Ecclesiastical Structure.
There are seven administrative districts: New York/New England, Pennsylvania/ New Jersey, Mid-Atlantic, Southern, Great Lakes, Guyana and the West Coast. Each district is headed by a bishop and depending on its size may have an assistant bishop. Each district has a number of "presiding elders" that provide support to the district bishop. There is an annual holy convocation of the entire church, and each district has its own convention. There is a National Youth Convention as well as a National Missionary Convention.
Administrative Departments.
MSHCA has a number of administrative departments including: Women's & Men's, Education, Missions, Youth and Music. Departments are headed by chairpersons. 
Missions.
MSHCA has over 50 years of history in the area of foreign missions. The organization currently has over 13 church in Cuba, Jamaica, India and Guyana.
Within the United States local affiliated churches operate soup kitchens, visit prisons, and counsel at risk youth weekly. 
MSHCA Calendar of Events.
MSHCA Convocational Year begins in September and last for 12 months. During the 12-month Convocational Calendar there are 3 national meetings and 7 jursidicational ones. 
Notable Men in the Church.
Though women have played a highlighted role within the history of the church. There are a number of men who have held important positions in Mount Sinai Holy Church of America.

</doc>
<doc id="20570214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570214" title="Lynge, Allerod">
Lynge, Allerod

Lynge is a town in Allerød Municipality, Denmark. Today Lynge has grown together with the neighbouring village of Uggeløse into a small urban area with a population of 4,061 (1 January 2013).
The Danish stand-up comedian Jan Gintberg was born and grew up in Lynge.

</doc>
<doc id="20570217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570217" title="Blue Hole (New Mexico)">
Blue Hole (New Mexico)

The Blue Hole of Santa Rosa is a circular, bell shaped pool east of Santa Rosa, New Mexico that is one of the most popular dive destinations in the US for SCUBA diving and training. The Blue Hole is an artesian well that was once used as a fish hatchery. It is a clear blue body of water with a constant temperature and constant inflow of 3000 gallons per minute. While the surface is only in diameter, it expands to a diameter of at the bottom.
Since Route 66 and Interstate 40 pass through the Sandia Mountains on the way back to Albuquerque, NM, it is necessary for divers to use high-altitude dive tables to compute the dive profile and decompression stops when diving in the Blue Hole.
A diving permit is required to use the pool and can be obtained from the city of Santa Rosa ($8 for a one-week permit).
Tanks may be filled or rented as well as some equipment at a private dive shop located at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20570220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570220" title="Ursula Pollack">
Ursula Pollack

Ursula Pollack (born October 27, 1919) is a German freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Berlin.
In 1936 she was a member of the German relay team that won the silver medal in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay event. Pollack swam in the semi-final and helped the team to qualify for the final. She did not compete in the final, and was not therefore awarded a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20570223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570223" title="Balsamorhiza macrolepis">
Balsamorhiza macrolepis

Balsamorhiza macrolepis is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe of the plant family Asteraceae known by the common name California balsamroot. It is native to California, Nevada, and Oregon in the western United States, where it grows in dry, open habitat, mostly in mountainous areas. 
Description.
This is a taprooted perennial herb growing erect 20 to 60 centimeters tall. The large lobed leaves are lance-shaped to oval and the largest, generally toward the base of the plant, may approach 50 centimeters in length. They are bright to dull grayish-green and coated in fine hairs. 
The inflorescence bears a single flower head lined with hairy, glandular phyllaries up to 4 centimeters long. The head has a center of yellowish disc florets and a fringe of pointed yellow ray florets each 2 or 3 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20570232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570232" title="Thamnocephalidae">
Thamnocephalidae

Thamnocephalidae is a family of crustaceans with wide distribution including Western Australia and Southern Africa. It was originally described as a subfamily of Branchipodidae by Alpheus Spring Packard in 1883, and elevated to the rank of family by Simon in 1886. Six genera are recognised, in two subfamilies:

</doc>
<doc id="20570248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570248" title="Hindu titles of law">
Hindu titles of law

In the Dharmaśāstras and Hindu law, more generally, there are usually eighteen titles of law. The titles of law make up the grounds for litigation and the performance of the legal process, usually by the king and his Brahmin counselors. The eighteen titles of law according to Manu are: “(i) the first is the non-payment of debts; (ii) deposits; (iii) sale without ownership; (iv) partnerships; (v) delivery and non-delivery of gifts; (vi) non-payment of wages; (vii) breach of contract; (viii) cancellation of a sale or purchase; (ix) disputes between owners and herdsman; (x) the Law on boundary disputes; (xi) verbal assault; (xii) physical assault; (xiii) theft; (xiv) violence; (xv) sexual crimes against women; (xvi) Law concerning husband and wife; (xvii) partition of inheritance; and (xviii) gambling and betting.” These reasons vary slightly among authors, and many of them are covered more in depth.
18 Titles of law.
i. Non-payment of debts.
Concerning the eighteen titles of law, the non-payment of debt is almost always listed first. According to Davis this is because, “A very old practice of textual organization within Dharmaśāstra and other textual genres of Sanskrit calls the first procedure or topic to be described the archetype (prakrti) and the subsequent procedures or topics the ectypes (vikrti). We saw this practice in the placement of the Brahmin as the archetype as a matter of textual concision. The Non-payment of Debts is the archetype for the other titles of law, not only because its description overlaps with and in some respects encompasses the contents of the other titles but also because debt as its thematic content pervades the subsequent titles. In terms of overlap, questions about witness, autonomy, competence, documentation, and contractual securities are all assumed in and carry over to discussions of the later titles.” 
ii. Deposits.
The Sanskrit word for deposits is Nikșepa, the words upanidhi and nyāsa are synonyms. Manu VIII 179 holds that deposits should be entrusted to those who have good dharma. The person who holds the deposit typically does not receive any person benefit from doing so. The misappropriation or misplacement of a deposit due to negligence is regarded as very sinful. "The idea is that no one is bound to accept a deposit, but when a person accepts it, his primary duty is to preserve it with care and the next duty is to return it at the time agreed or on demand. The obligation arises from the trust reposed in a person." 
iii. Sale without ownership.
Dattāpradänika is concerned with the resumption of a gift. The Nārada-Smṛti "defines it as that title where a man desires to resume what has been given by him because it has been improperly given by him". In the History of the Dharmaśāstras Vol. III, P.V. Kane states, “According to the Nārada-Smṛti VII. 1 and the of when a person, who holds an open deposit, a sealed deposit, an article bailed for delivery to another, stolen property, an article borrowed for some festival, a pledge, or property lost by a stranger and found (by him), sells it in secret (or behind the back of the owner) it is to be considered as a sale by one who is not the rightful owner.” That which may be given must be absolutely one's own with the exception of things that are required for the maintenance of one's family.
Types of sale without ownership.
A sale by a non-owner is known as asvāmi-vikraya. There are two different types of sales without ownership: pratipanna-asvāmi-vikrayah and apratipanna-asvāmi vikrayah. The first, pratipanna-asvāmi-vikrayah, occurs when the unauthorized possessor admits to being a non-owner. The second, apratipanna-asvāmi vikrayah occurs when the possessor does not admit to being a non-owner. The first types of sale is resolved without dispute because the possessor returns the possession to the rightful owner. The second type of sale results in a case because the possessor, although not the true owner, has sold, given, or pledged the property to a third party. In the case of the second type of sale "the entire process of the court has to be gone through with both parties leading evidence to buttress their respective claims, and the court then giving its judgement." It is seen as important that there is a first category of sale without ownership because it hints at the how "the state was involved in the settlement of people's disputes at an informal level." 
Liability of an innocent buyer.
An innocent buyer is regarded as one who does not know that what he has purchased was sold by someone without ownership. 
Śambhu, who heavily relies on Manu and Marīci, holds that "a buyer who makes his purchase from the open market, and in the full knowledge of king's men will get a clear title to the goods so purchased irrespective of the bona fides of the seller." Devaņa refutes this and goes so far as to say that "not even a hundred citations of rules can confer ownership rights upon the buyer who buys from a non-owner. Devaņa agrees with Śambhu only insofar as the true owner fails to identify his property.
iv. Partnerships.
Partnerships in Hindu law are any venture that results in two or more people working together. The śāstras have a lot to say about the different kinds of partnerships, whom one should enter into a partnership with, and rules for governing partnerships with respect to profits, losses, and quarrels among partners. For example, the of states regarding potential partners, “that a man should carry on a joint business with other persons of good family, that are clever, active, intelligent (or educated), familiar with cons, skilled in controlling (expenditure) and income, honest and valiant (or enterprising) and that joint undertakings like trade should not be carried on by prudent men with persons (partners) who are weak or lazy or afflicted with disease or are unlucky or destitute (of money).” Kane states, “It is interesting to note that the ancient Dharmasutras of Gautama, Āpastamba and Baudhāyana are silent about partnerships, and that Manu lay down rules about the distribution of fees among the priests at a sacrifice ad that in one verse he remarks that the same principles are to be applied in all matters where men work conjointly.”
v. Delivery and non-delivery of gifts.
Non-delivery or resumption of gift is referred to as "dattanapakarma" in the . The divides the title into four categories, “what may be given, what may not be given, what are valid gifts, and what are invalid gifts.” The of Kātyāna as reconstructed by P.V. Kane, is useful in elaborating and giving insight to this title of law. It states regarding invalid gifts, “These cannot be given either because they are not one’s absolute property or because the gift of them is forbidden by the sages. In the case of even those who hold that one has ownership over one’s son or wife, the gift of them is not possible because it is forbidden, just as though one owns rice, yavas and masa beans, one cannot make offerings of masa because the veda prohibits their use.”
vi. Non-payment of wages.
Vetana-Anapākarma is the Sanskrit word for the non payment of wages. The early smŗtis concern themselves in large part with the payment of wages to workers. The Bŗhaspati is popularly cited by many medieval authors asserting that "a worker shall not do even the slightest mischief to the master; if he does he loses his wages and proceedings (vāda) begin." Mathur contends that "Devaņa has made it clear that this verse has reference to proceedings in a court. He says that when a worker is defeated he loses his wages in proportion to the damage caused to his master." Devaņa switches the order in which litigation and losing wages occurs.
vii. Breach of contract.
The law of contracts is hugely concerned with the contract of debt, of pledge or mortgage, of bailments, of sale, of partnership, and of hire and service. The law of contracts is not found in one place. The dharmaśāstras do not lay down a general code of rules applicable to all transfers of immovable property, nor do they treat of transfers by way of sale, mortgage or gift in separate sections." 
Ancient writers largely commented on who was competent to enter into transactions. Those who are "dependent, minors, extremely old, charged with grave sins, devoid of a limb, and those that are addicted to vices" are considered incompetent and agreements with these people are invalid. Kauțilya holds that any contract made under the influence of intoxicants or wrath are invalid as well as those made when a person is distressed or has an unsound mind. Manu reinforces this by stating that all contracts entered into by force are invalid. Contracts that are contrary to the kings orders are regarded as invalid. According to Devaņa the king has the power to outlaw any agreements that are against śruti and smŗti or tainted by greed.
viii. Cancellation of a sale or purchase.
The Manusmṛti deals with the cancellation of a sale or purchase. "The principle rule is that the buyer or the seller may rescind the deal within ten days if he feels dissatisfied. But anyone forcing the other party to rescind it shall be punished." 
The Mitākșarā identifies the liability of the seller in case of a cancellation of a sale by the seller dependent on whether there is a price difference in a product. "When the price goes down the seller will have to compensate the buyer as prescribed by Nārada; where the price rises, and the buyer is likely to earn an extra profit, the liability of the seller is not extinguished, and he has to pay the buyer the value of the benefit, or the usufruct as the case may be. However, if the price remains unchanged the seller still has to pay interest at the rate of five percent per annum on the amount paid by the buyer." 
ix. Disputes between owners and herdsman.
In ancient times India was a predominately agricultural society and therefore Svāmipālavivāda was a major basis of litigation. Svāmipālavivāda is the Sanskrit word that refers to the disputes between the owner of cattle and the herdsman who tends to them. According to P.V. Kane "during the day the responsibility for the safety of the cattle rests on the herdsman and during the night on the owner provided they are in the latter's house." 
The herdsman is liable for cattle if he does not attempt to save them or if he neglects them. Kane also states that "it is the duty of the cowherd to struggle as much as in him lies to protect the cows from accidents and if he is unable to do so he must quickly inform the owner." If a herdsman does not struggle to save the or protect the animals he is responsible for making good the value of the animals lost and for paying a fine of 12 ½ panas to the king. The herdsman is also responsible if the animal dies or is lost by theft. However, if after the theft of an animal the herdsman immediately notifies the owner he is not responsible. The herdsman’s responsibility is also voided if he is seized, the village is attached, or the country is invaded.
x. Boundary disputes.
Boundary disputes are called "ksetrajavivāda", or disputes relating to fields. In the Dharmaśāstras the section titled Sima Vivadah deals with the determination of boundaries of fields, homes and villages. The defines boundary disputes as, “dispute with regard to land in which questions about dikes or embankments, the boundaries of fields, ploughed land and fallow land.”. There are six causes of boundary dispute in most of the sastras, and the of Kātyāna states them as: “claiming more land, claim that a person is entitled to less than he possesses, claim to a share, denial of a share, seizing possession when previously there was none, and boundary.”
xi. Verbal assault.
P.V. Kane states, “Vākpārusya, , steya, strisangrahana, and sahāsa are five titles out of 18 that are concerned with what may be called criminal matters or crimes in modern nomenclature.” They represent, respectively, abuse and defamation, assault, theft, adultery or unlawful intercourse with a woman, and violence. 
The says vākpārusya is defined as, “abusive words that loudly proclaim censure of another’s country, caste, family and the like and that cause mental pain or offence to that man.” The further defines three kinds of defamation, “ (reproachful such as calling a man a fool or a rogue), aślīla (obscene or insulting), and tīvra (mercilessly severe such as charging a man with such grave sins as brahmāna-murder or drinking liquor) and that each punishment for each later one is more severe that for each preceding one.”
xii. Physical assault.
To define , or assault, the Arthaśāstra begins by saying assault, “comprises touching, threatening to strike and actually striking another.” Going slightly further, “The XVIII. 4–6 defines it as injuring the limbs of another with the hand, foot, weapon or other means (such as stones) or defiling or causing pain by (bringing) ashes and similar substances in contact with another…assault may be one of three kinds viz. mild, middling and highly punishable.” It is even explained in the that causing injury to animals and trees would fall under this category. Manu contends that the punishment should be commensurate with that of the harm caused to the victim.
xiii. Theft.
Theft, or streya, is defined by the Arthaśāstra as “depriving a man of his wealth either clandestinely or openly and either by night or by day.” The defines theft as, “derivation of wealth by various means from people that are asleep, careless or intoxicated.” Like assault, there are varying degrees of theft depending on what was stolen. The three kinds are: “trifling (when earthen-ware, seats, cots, wood, hides, grass, beans in pods or cooked food is stolen), middling (when the theft relates to clothes except silken ones, animals except cows and bulls, metals except gold, rice and barley), and grave or high (when gold jewels, silken cloth, women, men, cattle, elephants, horses, and the wealth of brāhmanas or temples is stolen).” There are several texts that agree on the definition of a thieve including the , , and the of . Their definition contends that, “thieves are traders who employ false weights and balances, gamblers, quacks, bribers of sabhyas, prostitutes, those who profess to arbitrate, those who manufacture imitation articles, those who subsist by prognosticating good fortune or portents or by magic or palmistry, false witnesses, etc.” 
xv. Sexual crimes against women.
Vas. 28. 2-3 states that, "when a woman is polluted by being raped or kidnapped by a thief, she should not be abandoned; one should wait till her monthly illness (making her undergo certain expiations till then) and she becomes pure after it." The Matsyapurāņa liberally states that a woman who is raped is innocent while a man who commits rape should be put to death. Other texts are harsher, such as those of the late smŗti writer Devala, that states that women who are raped and conceive may not be restored to social intercourse even after undergoing expiation.
xvii. Partition of inheritance.
The Āpastamba principle holds that after the death of one property owner the other is entitled to the property. After the death of a husband a wife succeeds all of the husband’s estate without allotting any shares for their sons. Upon the death of both parents sons are to divide ancestral estate and paternal debt equally. Partitioning during a mother’s lifetime is only allowed with the mother’s consent. "Traces of this rule are to be found even in IX-104 of the Manu Smrti which can be literally rendered as: brothers may take equally the ancestral wealth after the mother and the father; they have no competence so long as the mother and the father are alive" 
xviii. Gambling and betting.
Dyũta samāhvaya, known as ‘gambling and betting games,’ is a traditional title of dispute first present in the earlier smŗtis with little change in the post smŗti period. The Mitāksarā is one of the only texts that presents a change, defining gambling as “any transaction involving betting with stake money” thus expanding the definition beyond games like dice and cockfighting. 

</doc>
<doc id="20570251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570251" title="Stephen Sewall">
Stephen Sewall

Stephen Sewall (December 14, 1702 – September 10, 1760) was a judge in colonial Massachusetts. Born in Salem, Massachusetts, he was the son of Stephen Sewall, the clerk of court at the Salem witchcraft trials, and a nephew of Chief Justice Samuel Sewall, who presided at the witchcraft trials. He was the uncle of lawyer Jonathan Sewall.
Although never formally trained as a lawyer or admitted to the bar, he was appointed as Chief Justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court of Judicature, the highest court in the colony. He also served on the Massachusetts Governor's Council, which was then the upper house of the Massachusetts General Court. He was generally respected by both friends (the "court party") and foes (the "popular party") of royal government.
Sewall's death in Boston in 1760 was followed by controversy. James Otis, Jr. believed that his father, James Otis, Sr., had been promised the office of chief justice, but Governor Francis Bernard appointed Crown supporter Thomas Hutchinson instead, creating a political rift that would have important implications in the development of the American Revolution. While Sewall had expressed doubts about the legality of writs of assistance, which were controversial general search warrants, Hutchinson authorized them—over the objections of Otis—in the famous "writs of assistance case" of 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="20570253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570253" title="Huf Haus">
Huf Haus

Huf Haus is a German company based in Hartenfels in the Westerwald region that manufactures prefabricated houses. Huf Haus is the world's leading company in selling houses in the Bauhaus tradition based on the German "Fachwerk" ("Frame House"). The construction allows individual floor plans, including for office buildings. Huf houses are available as zero-energy buildings.
History.
In 1912, Johann Huf founded a carpentry workshop in the small village of Krümmel in the Westerwald. A year later, the enterprise moved to Hartenfels. In 1948 his son Franz Huf took over management of the enterprise, and enlarged it to a supra-regional provider of carpenter's works, e. g. churches in the Rhineland, the large post administration office in Bonn (1950) as well as the German and Arabic pavilions at Expo 58. The so-called "Huf Fachwerkhaus 2000" was designed in 1972 together with the architect Manfred Adams. The principles of this construction are still the standard in all Huf houses. Since 1996, grandsons Georg and Thomas Huf have led the company and brought the products to the world market. They also established "The Huf Haus Village", a collection of Huf family houses, which represent the possibilities of building Huf houses.
On 20 September 2011, Thomas Huf died aged 51.
New, more efficient designs.
Near the end of 2009, Huf Haus started new designed houses which they call "evolutionary" in its post-and-beam architecture but "revolutionary" in energy efficiency.
Because the expressive symbiosis of wood and glass finds recognition at major international architecture and design competitions, and among Huf Haus clients, who also acknowledge that it can be individually designed, the main stylistic elements have not changed.
By way of contrast the changes in energy efficiency are called "revolutionary" by Huf. Despite the generous use of glass the Huf Haus houses require only a heating rate of 34 W/m2 (at Hartenfels, Germany). The main reasons are:
Exports.
The company delivers around the world and they restrict their production to 200 houses a year to keep the unique character of the houses. Of these, about 50 a year are exported to the United Kingdom (UK). As a result, an independent "Huf Haus owners' club" has been established there. Since 2009 the official sales office for the US market has been dotGreen Inc., based in Cleveland, Ohio.
Awards.
Huf Haus products have won several architectural prizes, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20570265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570265" title="Grup Servicii Petroliere">
Grup Servicii Petroliere

Grup Servicii Petroliere (GSP Offshore) performs offshore integrated services for the oil and gas industry.
GSP is a member of Upetrom Group, a private company.
GSP operates seven offshore drilling rigs: GSP Saturn, GSP Jupiter, GSP Orizont, GSP Atlas, GSP Prometeu, GSP Fortuna and GSP Britannia. GSP also operates several multifunctional vessels, one Medevac vessel and two floating cranes. GSP has engaged the rigs in a modernization process. The GSP QHSE Management System has been audited and certified as complying with ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001 and ISM Code requirements by Germanischer Lloyd. In 2006, GSP integrated its SAP application.
GSP is a member of the International Association of Drilling Contractors, IADC.
The companies within UPETROM GROUP have activities in onshore and offshore drilling, oilfield equipment production, as well as in the tourism sector. UPETROM GROUP has 3000 employees and is operating worldwide with representative offices in many countries.
Lines of business.
GSP provides various services for the oil & gas industry: drilling, offshore construction, shipping, well services, hydro-technical construction, engineering, subsea services and training.
Drilling.
The company performs drilling activities throughout seven drilling rigs: GSP Atlas, GSP Prometeu, GSP Saturn, GSP Orizont, GSP Jupiter, GSP Fortuna and GSP Britannia. All GSP jack-up rigs are cantilever type.
GSP has an investment plan for modernization of onboard equipment of the drilling rigs. Since 2004, GSP has invested over $500 million in the acquisition and modernization of its vessels and drilling rigs.
All GSP rigs comply with MODU Code requirements, as well as with International Safety Management Code, International Ship and Port Facility Security Code, Safety Of Life At Sea, Maritime Pollution, International Maritime Organization, Collision Regulations, Load Line Conventions, and the International Conventions of Tonnage measurements of ships.
Well Services.
GSP performs well stimulation and workover planning and operating:
Offshore Construction.
GSP provides steel assemblies fabricated in GSP Shipyard, the offshore construction dedicated fabrication facility. The Company’s structural steel fabrication offering includes jackets, decks, accommodation modules and modular platforms.
Offshore construction services:
Subsea Services.
GSP has developed subsea installation capabilities by acquiring top high-tech subsea survey and SAT diving equipment. Simultaneously, GSP initiated a certification program, sustained by a specialized professional team.
GSP’s subsea installation services focus on remotely-operated vehicles (ROV) and SAT diving.
Services include: subsea installation, maintenance, inspection, survey, SAT diving and underwater engineering.
Offshore Windmill.
Recently, GSP added one-stop services for the offshore wind energy industry, including general contractor, fabrication, installation, logistics, maintenance and project management.
Training.
GSP Training Center was established in 2009. The center offers drilling and maritime regulations courses and is equipped with a drilling simulator (DrillSIM-600).
In 2010, the center launched its CADET PROGRAM, addressed to graduates specialized in oil and gas, marine and mechanical, hydro-technical and civil engineering and electronics.

</doc>
<doc id="20570279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570279" title="Andy Collins (game designer)">
Andy Collins (game designer)

Andy Collins is a game designer whose writing credits include numerous books for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Early life and education.
Andy Collins grew up in Olympia, Washington. His uncle gave him a copy of the original "Dungeons & Dragons" boxed set for his tenth birthday; although he did not know any other "D&D" players at the time, and found it hard to figure out how to play a game with no board or playing pieces, he said "my brother, a friend, and I sat down to play one day. Nine hours later, we'd missed both lunch and dinner, and we were all hooked." He was also a fan of the Star Wars franchise, having seen the original film several times while it was in the theater. Collins continued gaming throughout high school and college, and graduated from Stanford University in 1994 with a degree in English.
Career.
Collins began working at Wizards of the Coast in April 1996, and after working for a time for Wizards' Organized Play division, he moved to the R&D division and worked as both an editor and designer. His first project was a new science-fiction game line, "Alternity", for which he worked on a number of products, notably the "Dark•Matter" campaign setting. After Wizards cancelled the "Alternity" game, Collins was one of the people working on Wizards of the Coast's new "Star Wars Roleplaying Game". While working on that game, Collins commented "It's been interesting working with Bill . I know all the movies, and I've read several of the books, but he pretty much knows everything about Star Wars – all the books, all the movies, all the comics, all the source material. "Everything."" As a long-time gamer and Star Wars fan working on a Star Wars RPG, Collins summed up his feelings: "I could paraphrase Lou Gehrig. 'I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth to be working in this industry with as many great people as I have around me.' I sometimes still have to pinch myself when I'm walking down the hall."
Andy Collins was also the author of the "Sage Advice" column in "Dragon", and later "Sage Advice Online" at Wizards of the Coast's website. Collins was a part of the revision team for "Dungeons & Dragons" version 3.5. Early in 2005, Bill Slavicsek organized a team to work on some early designs for a fourth edition of "D&D", which was headed up by Rob Heinsoo and also contained Collins and James Wyatt; Heinsoo, Collins, and Wyatt formed the core fourth-edition team. David Noonan, Collins, Mike Mearls, and Jesse Decker were part of Heinsoo's "Flywheel" design team for the fourth edition of "Dungeons & Dragons", and did the final concept work from May 2006 to September 2006, before the first books for the edition were written and playtested. Collins was one of the authors of the "Dungeons & Dragons" 4th edition "Player's Handbook".
Media Mentions.
Andy Collins has appeared in the following newspaper and magazine articles, websites and podcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20570303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570303" title="Sagda alligans">
Sagda alligans

Sagda alligans is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Shell description.
The shell is imperforate, globosely conoidal, white, under a brownish-yellow epidermis. The incremental striae are regular, stronger on the spire than on the body whorl. The number of whorls is 8. The shell has a narrow, aperture with a deep-seated strong basal lamella.
The adult shell diameter is 15–20 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20570310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570310" title="St. Theresa of Avila Roman Catholic Church">
St. Theresa of Avila Roman Catholic Church

The St. Theresa of Avila Roman Catholic Church(Allen Academy) is a church located at 8666 Quincy Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Description.
The St. Theresa of Avila Roman Catholic Parish Complex consists of the church, rectory, school, and convent. All of the buildings are essentially Neo-Romanesque in character, and are constructed of dark red brick trimmed with Indiana limestone. 
The church is in the Italian Romanesque style, with Byzantine and Art Deco influences. It has a gable front facade with towers at the sides. The entrance is through a triple arched, two-story Romanesque arcaded portico. Above the entrance is a round window flanked with arched niches.
The school is a two-story I-shaped building; the rectory is a five-bay ceter entrance Colonial house with Neo-Romanesque details. The three-story convent building, which was built during the Great Depression, features more modest ornamentation. A central pavilion containing the entrance divides the building into three elements.
Significance.
The St. Theresa of Avila Parish was built as an Irish-American parish, built at a time when the prosperity of the community was such that this magnificent complex could be afforded. The need for this building reflects the population boom in the city brought about by the automobile industry.
The parish was closed in the 1980s; the Allen Academy now uses the school building.
Allen Academy
Allen Academy is a charter school is Detroit,MI. Allen Academy has over 200 students and is a K-12 school. Allen Academy has 5 floors. The basement(6th) is where the high-schoolers learn.The 5th floor is the middle school(7th-8th) grade are and also where the cafeteria is. The 4th floor is the main lobby and also where kindergardners are. The 3rd floor is where 1st-2nd grade are and also where the gym is. The 5th floor is where 3rd-5th are. Now finally the 6th floor is the 5–6 grade learn.

</doc>
<doc id="20570316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570316" title="Centro de Pesquisa e Documentação de História Contemporânea do Brasil">
Centro de Pesquisa e Documentação de História Contemporânea do Brasil

The Centro de Pesquisa e Documentação de História Contemporânea do Brasil ("Contemporary Brazilian History Research and Documentation Center", CPDOC) is a BrazilIan private higher education institution founded in 1973 and part of the Fundação Getúlio Vargas. In 2013 it also became officially known as the School of Social Sciences (Escola de Ciências Sociais) at FGV.
The CPDOC commenced activities in 2003 in the area of learning, with the launch of its Professional Master of Cultural Goods and Social Projects program, the first stricto sensu graduate course of its kind approved by CAPES.
In 2006, the activities of FGV’s Escola Superior de Ciências Sociais (Higher School of Social Sciences) began, with the inauguration of the first Undergraduate Social Sciences Course class. In 2007, CPDOC academic master's and doctor's programs began. Finally, lato sensu graduate programs also exist in partnership with IDE. Therefore, CPDOC now provides courses at all levels.
CPDOC owns a collection of personal files of relevant public figures in the domestic stage post-1930, with around 1.5 million text documents, photographs, records and films. The personalities include Presidents of Brazil, state ministers and state governors. After being donated to the Center, the files are organized, preserved and disseminated.
There are also 1.1 thousand oral history interviews, with over 6 thousand hours and covering testimonials by social actors in politics, the Brazilian Armed Forces, science, technocracy, economy, journalism, the intellectual realm, the law, the third sector and grassroots movements.
CPDOC has also released more than 1.2 thousand titles published as books, articles, essays and other works. Noteworthy among the works produced is the Histórico-Biográfico Brasileiro Pós-1930 (2ª edição, Rio de Janeiro, FGV, 2001), and the weekly cross-disciplinary review Estudos Históricos.
The Center's main activities further include coordination of Espaço Cultural FGV, which operates at the Candelária street building, consulting services in the areas of Documentation, Oral History and Historic Research, the organization of exhibitions, and opinion polls. Market, public opinion and user satisfaction are some of the areas surveyed by its applied social research center, FGV-Opinião.

</doc>
<doc id="20570319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570319" title="Our Redeemer Lutheran School">
Our Redeemer Lutheran School

Our Redeemer Lutheran School is a private Christian school in Madison, Wisconsin. They are a member of the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod
People.
Michael Wilde serves as Principal and seventh and eighth grade teacher. 
Building.
Our Redeemer Lutheran School shares facilities and resources with Our Redeemer Lutheran Church. The school resides in the old wing while the church is in an addition built in 1994. Pre-school, Kindergarten, and first and second grade are upstairs while third and fourth, fifth and sixth and seventh and eighth grades are downstairs.
Annual events.
Christmas Service.
Every year the children perform a Christmas service. The service includes: Narration by the seventh and eighth graders, songs by different grade level groups, and a group song.
Ice Skating.
The day before the Christmas Break starts, Grades 3-8 go Ice Skating at the Eagles Nest in Verona.
Skiing.
In late February, the 5-8 graders go skiing at Cascade Mountain in Portage, WI
Plays.
Every year in the first Friday in May, the children perform plays and musicals. Grades K-4 perform musicals in the church facility. Grades 7-8 perform a full two act play at a full theater with the 5-6 grade performing things such as songs and skits, commercials or a "half-time show" at the beginning or during intermission.
Athletics.
Our Redeemer operates several athletic teams under the name Rangers. The school is a member of the Lutheran Badgerland Athletic Conference often referred to as the BLAC. Basketball and Volleyball practices and home games are at the MAC Sports Center in Verona.
Fall.
Volleyball.
Volleyball is offered to Girls in Grades 4-8. Girls in Grades 4-6 play on the B Team, while girls in Grades 6-8 play on the B team. Practices are usually held on Mondays and Thursdays
Cross country.
Some students participate in Cross Country in the fall. There is no formal practice involved. They usually attend around five meets in the season.
Winter-Basketball.
By far the most popular sport, basketball is offered to all students in Grades 4-8. There are usually four teams involved, Boys and Girls A and B teams with 4-6 graders on the B team and 6-8 graders on the A team. For the 2008-2009 school year there will also be Boys and Girls C teams for fourth and non-B team starting fifth graders. Practices are offered on Tuesdays and Thursdays with games on most Fridays and tournaments on select weekends.
Spring.
Track.
Track is offered to all 5-8 graders. Practices are held after school with hour long practices on Mondays and Wednesdays and a shorter half-hour practice on Friday.
Softball.
Softball is offered to 6-8 graders when there are boys and girls teams and 7-8 graders when there is a co-ed team. Practices are held at noon recess.

</doc>
<doc id="20570328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570328" title="Bilston Craft Gallery">
Bilston Craft Gallery

Bilston Craft Gallery is the largest dedicated craft venue in the West Midlands, located at Mount Pleasant, Bilston, near Bilston town centre.
Building.
The two-storey stone residential house was built in 1905 as a home for the Harper family, the local lock manufacturers. It replaced a much older Regency building, Brueton House, built in 1818 by Thomas Brueton.
Between 1918–30 the house was used by Bilston Girls High School. After the school had moved to a larger building and grounds, the house was re-modelled and a large extension at the rear of the building was added. From 1937-1990s, the building housed the Bilston Art Gallery and Museum. The building also houses Bilston Library.
History.
Bilston Art Gallery and Museum was officially opened in 1937 by Professor Thomas Bodkin, the founding Director of the Barber Institute of Fine Arts, Birmingham. 
The core of the collection was formed from about hundred paintings which were donated in 1937 to the gallery by Mr William Thompson, formerly of Bilston, but then a resident of Colwyn Bay, Wales. In following decades, the Gallery regularly organised exhibitions of artworks by local artists, received various gifts and donations, and built a substantial collection of local art and artefacts related to local history. 
In 1990s, in the process of re-structure of cultural services across the area, the collection was transferred to Wolverhampton Art Gallery, and Bilston Museum was re-styled as Bilston Craft Gallery. 
At present, it shares the building with the Bilston Library. Bilston Craft Gallery is a part of Wolverhampton Arts and Museums Service.
Exhibitions.
Permanent display.
Bilston Craft Gallery has a permanent exhibition 'Craftsense' which showcases objects from eighteenth-century local industry alongside commissioned contemporary pieces that use similar techniques. Almost a hundred Bilston enamels form the main part of the display, but as part of the collection re-shuffle in the 1990s, the Bilston enamels, among other industrial and historical items, were removed to Bantock House, causing public outcry, but were returned in 2005 with the opening of the Craftsense gallery. Together with those remaining on show at Bantock form the largest collection of enamels apart from that of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Temporary exhibitions and education.
Bilston Craft Gallery has a programme of temporary exhibitions featuring modern craft works. It offers a range of learning opportunities for all ages including the access to the Crafts Council Photostore, featuring over a thousand selected designer-makers. The creative gallery 'Craftplay' was specially designed for pre-school children. 
The 'First Floor Gallery' is a hireable community space for individuals and groups to show their own exhibitions of craft and art.
Garden.
The gallery backs onto a large garden populated with various flowers. It contains several craft works, including two carved wooden dragons by Graham Jones and a circle of stone sculptures.

</doc>
<doc id="20570330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570330" title="Connie Johnson">
Connie Johnson

Connie Johnson (December 27, 1922 – November 28, 2004), born Clifford Johnson Jr., was an American professional baseball player, a pitcher in the Negro Leagues and Major League Baseball.
Baseball career.
Kansas City Monarchs.
Johnson played in his first game for the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro Leagues at the age of only 17. After a great season, he was selected to the East-West All-Star game, and was the youngest player ever to achieve that distinction. He was one of the pitchers on the Monarchs' 1942 Negro World Series champion team that included future Hall of Famers Satchel Paige and Hilton Smith. In 1943, he took a break from baseball to fight for the US in World War II. In 1946, he returned to the Monarchs and played for them until 1950. In his final season in the Negro Leagues he made his second East-West All-Star game, with an 11–2 won-lost record.
Canadian league.
In 1951, Johnson played for a team in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada. After leading the Canadian Provincial League in strikeouts, his contract was purchased by the Chicago White Sox at the end of the season.
Chicago White Sox.
After a couple of seasons in the minors Johnson made his major league debut at the age of 30 on April 17, 1953. During his first season he pitched in 14 games, starting ten of them, going 4–4 with a 3.56 ERA and 44 strikeouts. After spending the entire 1954 season in the minors, he started 16 games in 1955. He finished the season 7–4 with a 3.45 ERA and 72 strikeouts. In 1956, he pitched in 5 games for the White Sox going 0–1 with 6 strikeouts and a 3.65 ERA. Overall with the White Sox he appeared in 36 games, starting 28 of them, and going 11–9 with 122 strikeouts.
Baltimore Orioles.
On May 21, 1956, the White Sox traded Johnson along with Mike Fornieles, George Kell and Bob Nieman to the Baltimore Orioles for Jim Wilson and Dave Philley. He started 25 games for the Orioles in 1956, going 9–10 with 130 strikeouts and a 3.43 ERA. He had his best major league season in 1957, going 14–11 for a losing team with 177 strikeouts and a 3.20 ERA. In his final major league season in 1958, he went 6–9 with 68 strikeouts and a 3.88 ERA. He finished his five-year major league career going 40–39 with 497 strikeouts and a 3.44 ERA.
Final years.
In 1959, Johnson played for the Vancouver Mounties of the Pacific Coast League going 8–4. After playing for a team in Puebla, Mexico in 1960, he retired.

</doc>
<doc id="20570361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570361" title="Papagou B.C.">
Papagou B.C.

AS Papagou BC or Papagos Athens BC, commonly known as Papagou BC, is a Greek professional basketball club, founded in 1966. The team is located in Papagou, Greece, which is a suburb of the city of Athens. The team's home arena is EAK Papagou, located approximately two miles away from downtown Athens.
History.
Papagou was promoted into the major Greek basketball division in 1991. The team spent seven seasons there in the 1990s and had great success in the 1996-97 season, and especially in the 1997-98 season by beating Peristeri in the first round of the play-offs for the first time and losing to PAOK in the second round. Led in that era by the great scorers Alphonso Ford and Georgios Diamantopoulos, they finished 7th in the Greek League and gained a qualification to the next season's Korać Cup competition. They would make one more appearance in that European competition during the 1998-99 season. 
More recently, the Papagou basketball team struggled to hold onto its position in the top league in Greece, the first division, the Greek A1 League. In 1999, the team competed in the A1 first division for the last time in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="20570373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570373" title="University of Computer Studies, Mandalay">
University of Computer Studies, Mandalay

The University of Computer Studies, Mandalay (UCSM) (, ), located in Mandalay, is a leading IT and computer science university of Myanmar. UCSM offers bachelor's and master's degree programs in computer science and technology. The majority of its student body is from Upper Myanmar. Administered by the Ministry of Science and Technology, UCSM is the official university for all the Government Computer Colleges in Upper Myanmar, whose students may continue their studies at UCSM.
History.
UCSM was established in May 1997 and held its first classes in September 1997. Under Myanmar's system of specialized universities, UCSM was the first specialized university in Upper Myanmar for computer science and technology.
Programs.
UCSM's main offerings are three-year bachelor's, and four-year honours bachelor's programs in computer science. It also offers master's degree programs in application science and in information science. The areas of study include artificial intelligence, bio-informatics, computer architecture, control applications, database systems, digital signal processing, image processing, Internet technologies, network security, operating systems, parallel and distributed computing, and software engineering.
Academic departments.
UCSM consists of ten academic departments.
Affiliations.
Colleges.
The following Upper Myanmar-based Government Computer Colleges are "officially" affiliated with UCSM. Their qualified graduates can continue their advanced studies at UCSM.

</doc>
<doc id="20570398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570398" title="Uganda Communications Commission">
Uganda Communications Commission

The Uganda Communications Commission "(UCC)" is according to its website ""the regulator of the communications industry in Uganda"". Among the responsibilities of the UCC are licensing, regulation, infrastructure development and attention to rural communication service. The chairman of the commission is Eng. Dr. A.M.S. Katahoi; main offices are located in Kampala.
Organization and operations.
Rural Communications.
The Rural Communications Development Fund (RCDF)[http://www.ucc.co.ug/rcdf/default.php]
was founded in 2003 and is responsible for developing the communications infrastructure outside of the cities of Uganda. The RCDF has set standards for its work in the 80 districts of the country, including: the creation of internet points of presence, internet training centers and internet cafes at every district headquarters; web portals for every district; maintenance of pay telephones at the ratio of at least one for every 2500 people; and development of postal projects, Multi-purpose Community Telecentres (MCTs), internet development for schools and health care facilities, and call centres.

</doc>
<doc id="20570404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570404" title="William Henry Conley">
William Henry Conley

William Henry Conley (11 June 1840 – 25 July 1897), was a Pittsburgh philanthropist and industrialist. He was married to Sarah Shaffer (1841–1908). Together, they provided organizational and financial support to religious institutions in the United States. William Conley was trained by his uncle in the printing business for ten years. Conley was co-owner of the Riter Conley Company, which provided steel and manufactured goods during the Second Industrial Revolution.
Support for religious groups.
Bethel Home Mission.
The Conleys frequently held prayer meetings and events in their home ministry. The Conley home was sometimes kept open for weeks at a time in support of religious and charity efforts. According to "Zion's Watch Tower", annual celebrations of the Memorial of Christ's death were held at the Conleys' home. Conley's home mission was described as Bethel (literally, "house of God"). The first recorded mention of "Bethel" in association with Conley appeared in 1890, in reference to the missionary house of Miss Lucy Dunne, established by William and Sarah Conley in Jerusalem.
Zion's Watch Tower Tract Society.
Conley was the first president of Zion's Watch Tower Tract Society, from 1881 to 1884. In December 1884, the Society was incorporated with Charles Taze Russell as president. In 1896, the Society was renamed Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society, and later became associated with Jehovah's Witnesses.
While president of the Society, Conley provided assistance for the three-volume series, "Theocratic Kingdom" by George N. H. Peters; Peters dedicated the work partially to Conley, claiming to be "deeply indebted for sympathy and pecuniary aid in the prosecution and publication of the work." However, the May 1883 issue of "Zion’s Watch Tower" criticized Peters' work, recommending that readers not purchase the title.
In 1894, Russell introduced a letter from Conley by briefly referencing him as "a member of the early Allegheny Bible Class." Following Conley's death in July 1897, "Zion's Watch Tower" provided no obituary, nor any statement that specifically mentioned his name and his involvement with the Society.
Christian and Missionary Alliance.
Conley was a member of the board of managers of the non denominational Christian and Missionary Alliance (CMA), and was instrumental in funding and organizing it at local, state and national levels through the International Missionary Alliance (IMA). In 1889, Conley funded and organized the CMA mission in Jerusalem under control of his home mission which would later come under the auspices of the IMA and eventually the CMA. In the same year, the International Missionary Alliance was legally incorporated with W. H. Conley's $5000 contribution. The Pittsburgh branch of the Christian and Missionary Alliance was formally established in 1894. Conley was elected president of both the Pittsburgh branch and at the state level, an office which he retained until his death in 1897.
Business and charitable interests.
William Conley worked his way from bookkeeper to co-owner of the Riter Conley Company, a worldwide supplier to the drilling, mining, manufacturing, and marine industries. Conley was also director and a stockholder of the Third National Bank of Allegheny.
William and his wife were active in several Pittsburgh charities, including an orphanage and school for African-American children, as well as a local hospital.
Death.
William Henry Conley contracted influenza (indicated in one obituary as "La Grippe") early in 1897, from which he never fully recovered. His health was relatively stable until June, at which time he suffered a relapse, after which he seldom left his home. He became bedridden in the last week of his life; on the evening of July 25, 1897, his health rapidly declined, and he died at about 8:30pm. A funeral service was conducted at his home in Pittsburgh.
William Conley was survived by his wife Sarah. After a period of prolonged illness, Sarah Conley died October 1, 1908. In honor of her husband's memory, Mrs Conley left much of her estate—estimated at a value of nearly $500,000 (current equivalent, about $ million)—to the Wylie Avenue Church and the Pittsburg Bible Institute.

</doc>
