<doc id="20604482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604482" title="Philosophy in Canada">
Philosophy in Canada

The study and teaching of philosophy in Canada date from the time of New France. There has since developed no particular "Canadian" school of philosophy. Rather, Canadian philosophers have reflected particular views of established European and later American schools of philosophical thought, be it Thomism, Objective Idealism, or Scottish Common Sense Realism. Since the mid-twentieth century the depth and scope of philosophical activity in Canada has increased dramatically. This article focuses on the evolution of epistemology, logic, the philosophy of mind, metaphysics, ethics and metaethics, and continental philosophy in Canada.
The first three centuries of philosophy in Canada.
The Roman Catholic Church and philosophy.
The Roman Catholic Church, one of the founding institutions of New France, had a profound influence on philosophy in Canada. As early as 1665, philosophy, viewed as the handmaiden of theology, was taught in Quebec at the Jesuit College there and included studies in physics, metaphysics and ethics as well as the works of St. Thomas Aquinas (1224–1274).
The Enlightenment, and the arrival of the British after 1759, introduced new ideas into New France, including Cartesian doubt, the atheism of the Enlightenment, and the sovereignty of the polity. A reaction to these ideas ensued, inspired by the French philosopher, Felicite de Lamennais (1782–1854) and was reflected in the works of the colonial philosopher Abbé Jérôme Demers. This reaction initially took the form of an objection to, and refutation of these "unsettling" ideas, adopted by other thinkers, such as Pierre du Calvet.
After 1840, in Europe as well as New France the reaction of the Catholic Church to the ideas of the Enlightenment, took the form of stronger response that sought to reaffirm the Catholic view and establish a "Catholic" philosophy that removed secular uncertainly by reinforcing the place of God at the centre of the daily life. This new philosophy took the form of Thomism, which in many ways is considered the "French Canadian" philosophy.
In the 1920s the study of philosophy was taken up by universities in Quebec, including the University de Montréal in 1921 and Laval University in Quebec in 1935. This development was both inspired by and coincident with the publication in 1931 of the Papal pronouncement, Deus Scientarium, which sought to mobilize science as the basis of faith.
The new century was also marked by notable contributions to the study of medieval history and philosophy by Father Ephrem Longpres, the Franciscan medievalist and the Dominican philosophers, including Hermas Bastien, Charles De Koninck, Father Louis Lachance, Father Arcade Monette, Father Julien Péghaire, Father Louis-Marie Regis, and Father Patrice Robert.
Early philosophy in English Canada.
Philosophical study was the exclusive domain of the colleges and universities of English speaking British North America and later Canada. Colleges founded during the colonial regime included Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia in 1818, McGill University in Montreal in 1821, the University of Toronto in 1827, Queens University in Kingston, Ontario in 1841 and the University of Ottawa in 1848. The latter part of the nineteenth century witnessed the founding of the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg in 1877, l´Université de Montréal and the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario in 1878 and McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario in 1887. The University of Alberta in Edmonton and the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, British Columbia, were both established in 1908. All provided courses in philosophy.
The Protestant Reformation inspired the first philosophers in English speaking Canada. These scholars all taught at newly created colonial universities, and their studies emphasized the philosophical foundation of religion, in this case Protestantism, the philosophical understanding of the natural world (natural philosophy), and the philosophical basis of political systems. James Beaven's "Elements of Natural Theology", which was perhaps the first philosophical work written in English Canada, is an early example.
Other notable contributors to these ideas included John Watson at Queen's University in Kingston and George John Blewett at the University of Toronto. Other philosophers included Richard Maurice Bucke of London, Ontario, John Macdonald at the University of Alberta, Herbert Leslie Stewart at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Rupert Clendon Lodge at the University of Manitoba, and George Sidney Brett and John Irving at the University of Toronto. Many of these figures were influenced by the British idealist tradition, represented by figures such as Bernard Bosanquet and Thomas Hill Green dominant in Britain in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Of particular note during middle years of the twentieth century was the work of one of Canada's greatest scholars, Harold Innis, of the University of Toronto. Although usually considered an economist and social scientist, his work also reflects an important number of philosophical concepts related to economics and communications. He had a great influence on his colleague Marshall McLuhan.
The development of new disciplines out of philosophy.
The growth and specialization of certain elements of philosophy in Europe, in time lead to their establishment as new disciplines, separate from philosophy. Natural philosophy became the study of physics, moral philosophy evolved into sociology and anthropology and psychology became a branch of study free of the hand of philosophy. These developments were reflected in Canada during the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.
The first full professorships in physics as distinct from natural philosophy were established at Dalhousie, Halifax, in 1879, Toronto, 1887 and McGill, in Montreal in 1890. Although these were mainly teaching positions there was some research activity. At Dalhousie, Professor J.G. MacGregor, the first to hold the position at that university, published about 50 papers during his tenure from 1879 until 1899. Other prominent researchers in the field at this time included H.L. Callendar and E. Rutherford, Macdonald professors of physics at McGill and J.C. McLennan at U of T.
Psychology in Canada was initially considered a part of the discipline of philosophy and university courses were given by members of philosophy departments. The first course in psychology in Canada was taught at Dalhousie University in 1838 by Thomas McCulloch within the framework of studies in philosophy. By 1866 Dalhousie hosted a chair in psychology and metaphysics. McGill offered courses beginning in 1850 when lectures in the topic were presented by Professor W.T.Leach with a doctorate from Edinburgh. The first psychology text written in Canada was penned by William Lyall of Halifax in 1855. However by the end of the century psychology was still considered an adjunct to philosophy, not a subject of importance per se, but rather a prerequisite for the advanced study of ethics and metaphysics.
Psychology slowly began to make its mark as a separate discipline in the latter part of the nineteenth century. The oldest Psychology Department in North America was founded at the University of Toronto by Professor Mark Baldwin in 1892 along with a related laboratory in psychology. It was here in 1909, that August Kirschmann, who had studied under Professor Wundt at his famous laboratory in Leipzig, undertook the first fundamental psychological research in Canada and presented seminars on the, "new psychology". Dr. E.A. Brett a noted philosopher at U of T, wrote the three volume "History of Psychology" between 1912 and 1921. McGill established a psychological laboratory under the directorship of Professor William Dunlop Tait in 1910, followed by the creation of a psychology department separate from philosophy in 1922. McMaster employed a professor in psychology by 1890.
The First World War had an important positive effect on the discipline which was recognized for its use in the fields of personnel selection, training and the post-war rehabilitation of wounded soldiers.
In the years following the Great War, the number of staff at the U of T increased to seven and important research was undertaken by Dr. E.A. Bott relating to the rehabilitation of soldiers with muscular disabilities. By 1927 the psychology department at U of T had achieved full independence from the bonds of the department of philosophy.
During this period Dr Hans Selye undertook fundamental studies of stress which cut across the boundaries of medical research, biology and psychology. He began his work at McGill in 1936 and continued his investigations at the University of Montreal starting in 1945. He described the functioning of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis as the body's mechanism for coping with stress and published a number of books including "The Stress of Life" in 1953.
While still under the influence of the departments of philosophy, noted philosophers such as John Watson at Queens, John MacEachran at Alberta, William Caldwell at McGill and G.S Brett at U of T, championed the recognition of psychology as a discipline in its own right, leading to the creation of separate departments of philosophy and psychology in many universities. By the end of the thirties the growth of the discipline was sufficient to warrant the establishment of the Canadian Psychological Association in 1939.
The discipline of sociology evolved from the ideas of philosophers Auguste Comte and Émile Durkheim in France in the nineteenth century. However it was not until 1922 that Carl A. Dawson was appointed Canada's first professor of sociology at McGill. Honours programmes in sociology were established at McGill in 1926 and at the University of Toronto in 1932.
Anthropology evolved from a long history of interest in Canada's native peoples on the part of Jesuit missionaries, explorers and university professors including Sir Daniel Wilson at the University of Toronto and Sir John William Dawson at McGill and the inspiration provided by moral philosophy. Professional anthropology got its start in Canada in 1910 when Prime Minister Wilfrid Laurier established the Division of Anthropology as a part of the Geological Survey of Canada.
Recent philosophy in Canada: 1965–present.
The ideas and philosophers.
Studies in this field have often focused on the philosophy of psychology. Important work in this area has been done in Canada, particularly at the Centre for Cognitive Science at the University of Western Ontario by, Patricia and Paul Churchland, Zenon Pylyshyn, and Ausonio Marras in the early eighties.
Studies in logic have been undertaken by a number of individuals. Bas Van Fraassen, William Rozeboom and Alasdair Urquhart have specialized in the semantics of logic, while Hans Herzberger and William Harper have studied the nature of preference. John Woods has investigated concepts relating to relevance and paradox. Others have made contributions to the field, including Charles Morgan (modal logics), Charles Morgan (probability semantics), and Anil Gupta (the semantics of truth and paradoxes).
All Group of Thirteen have departments of philosophy with doctorate-level staff members conducting research related to the philosophy of mind. The work of Dr. Paul R. Thagard, at the University of Waterloo, with respect to cognitive functions and coherence, is of note. Charles Taylor, emeritus professor at McGill University in Montreal, has studied consciousness within the context of Hegelianism. Zenon Pylyshyn a psychologist and computer scientist at the University of Western Ontario from 1964 to 1994, has made significant contributions to cognitive science. Other Canadian-born and educated cognitive scientists have made their mark in the US, including David Kirsh, John Robert Anderson, Keith Holyoak, and Steven Pinker.
Metaphysics deals with the study of the nature of reality. Since the Enlightenment, reality has been seen through the lenses of both religion and science, and frequently there has been a conflict between the views of the two. Following the horrors of the Second World War, the attacks on the views of religion became particularly vigorous with science on the offensive.
Canadian philosophers in the postwar era have attempted, in a number of ways, to resolve these conflicts and to legitimize religious belief. A variety of approaches have been used. Some have stressed the similatities between religion and science, as have F.W. Waters (1967) and Alastair McKinnon (1970). Others, including Lionel Rubinoff, have emphasized the importance of placing our scientific view of the world in a larger human context. There have been attempts to resolve the conflict, through science, as seen in the writings of Charles De Koninck (1960), Thomas Goudge (1961), and A.H. Johnson (1962). Others have attempted to argue the rational nature of religious belief. Some, inspired by St. Thomas Aquinas, include Bernard Lonergan (1952), Louis-Marie Régis (1959), Joseph Owens (1968), Jean-Louis Allard (1979, 1982), and Lawrence Dewan, OP. More general approaches defending the reasonability of religion have been taken by Leslie Armour and William Sweet. Still others have attempted to address issues in the philosophy of religion by questioning underlying issues in metaphysics. Those following this approach within the analytic tradition include Kai Nielsen, Donald Evans (1963), Terence Penelhum (1970), Alistair M. Macleod (1973), and Jay Newman (1986). Phenomenology has also played a role, as seen in the work of Emil Fackenheim (1961), Benoit Pruche (1977–1980), René l'Ecuyer (1980), Jacques Croteau (1981), Cyril Welch (1982), Gary Madison (1988), Hendrik Hart (1990), Jean Grondin (1995), and Thomas De Koninck (1995).
Ethics is the study of questions concerning the nature of right and wrong and good and bad as they relate to human conduct. In many cases, the aim is to use philosophy to make our world and society a better place. Work in the field has grown in the postwar years. Research has been undertaken by a large number of individuals including Francis Sparshott, Kai Nielsen, David Braybrooke, Jonathan Bennett, Gerald Cohen, Donald Brown, Daniel Weinstock, William Sweet, Charles Taylor. Wayne Sumner has been active in the field of applied philosophy. Real Fillion has brought together philosophy and politics in his original work in multiculturalism.
The minority position of the French language and culture in Canada and North America is reflected in the preoccupation of a large number of French Canadian philosophers with metaethics. Fernand Dumont, Claude Savary, Jacques Grand'Maison, Michel Morin, Claude Bertrand, Joseph Pestieau, Ferdinand Dumond, Guy Laforest, Louis Balthazar, Vincent Lemieux, Guy Laforest, François Blais, Diane Lamoureux, Michel Seymour, Gerard Bergeron, Maurice Lagueux, Jean Guy Meunier, Serge Cantin, Jean Roy, Guy Lafrance, Roger Lambert, Dominique Leydet, Gilles Labelle, Yvonne Thériault, Guy Lafrance, Josiane Ayoub, Pierre Robert, Bjarne Melkevik, and Philip Knee have made important contributions. They may be considered the secular descendants of their Thomist ancestors.
Of particular interest is the work of the economist and Thomist philosopher Bernard Lonergan, as reflected in "Insight: A Study of Human Understanding" (1957), and "Method in Theology" (1972), which described his . His writings are the subject of a 25 volume collection being edited by the University of Toronto Press.
European philosophers of the 20th century launched a number of philosophical movements that were revolutionary both within philosophy and in the larger culture. These movements—phenomenology, existentialism and deconstruction—were often not well received in North American universities, but they have been a regular and growing part of the philosophical landscape of North America since the 1950s, and Canadian universities have played an important role in the development and dissemination of these philosophical ideas. In the 1970s and 1980s, the University of Toronto in particular was internationally known for its experts in what is often called "continental philosophy". Emil Fackenheim, Kenneth L. Schmitz, Graeme Nicholson, and others made the University of Toronto an international centre for the study of these approaches to philosophical inquiry. At the same time Graeme Nicholson's teacher James Doull, a Hegelian whom Emil Fackenheim notably debated in print on matters relating to the interpretation of Hegel, taught philosophy as well as classical literature in the Classics Department at Dalhousie University in Halifax. Currently, the University of Toronto, with scholars such as Robert Gibbs and Rebecca Comay [http://www.sup.org/book.cgi?id=17143], the University of Guelph, with Jay Lampert and John Russon, and McGill University, with scholars such as Philip Buckley, George Di Giovanni, Hasana Sharp and Alia Al-Saji, are major North American centers for research and teaching in the continental traditions of philosophy.
Associations and related activities.
These years saw Canadian philosophy develop to the point where a professional organization, The Canadian Philosophical Association (ACPA), was established in 1958 to encourage and promote philosophy in Canada. This was followed by the founding of regional associations in Ontario, Quebec, the west and Atlantic Canada, and the initiation of the Canadian Philosophical Association Annual Congress. The professional journal, "" was established in 1962, and the "Canadian Journal of Philosophy" in 1971. Philosophers of note who have been published there include, Joel Feinberg (1974), Jonathan Bennett (philosopher) (1974), Terence Parsons (1980), William C. Wimsatt (1994) and David Gauthier (1994).

</doc>
<doc id="20604502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604502" title="Cholame Hills">
Cholame Hills

The Cholame Hills are a low mountain range, in the California Coast Ranges, in extreme southeastern Monterey County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20604512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604512" title="Chowchilla Mountains">
Chowchilla Mountains

The Chowchilla Mountains are a mountain range in Mariposa County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20604521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604521" title="Raoul Magrin-Vernerey">
Raoul Magrin-Vernerey

Raoul Charles Magrin-Vernerey (7 February 1892 – 3 June 1964), also known as Ralph Monclar, was a French Army and French Foreign Legion general who fought in World War I, World War II and commanded the French Battalion in the Korean War.
World War I.
After studying in a seminary, at almost sixteen, he attempted to join the French Foreign Legion, where he was rejected on account of his youth. He entered the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr, where he graduated in 1914 as a sous-lieutenant. He was posted as a junior officer to the 60th infantry regiment, and ended the war as a Capitaine. During the war he was wounded seven times and became a chevalier of the Légion d'honneur, but had more than 90% disability.
Between the wars.
Between the wars, he served at various stations throughout French Syria, joining the Legion on March 1, 1924. He was promoted to Major in 1928. In 1931, he was transferred to service in Morocco with the 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment and followed service there in French Indochina with the 4th Foreign Infantry Regiment. He was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel on 1 June 1938, after commanding a training regiment.
World War II.
On February 23, 1940, he was appointed to command two battalions of Legionaries, which would shortly be known as the 13th Foreign Legion Demi-Brigade, commanding the 13 DBLE at the Battles of Narvik. After the evacuation of Norway, he spent a little time in France before joining the Free French in London, England with 500 of his men. He was promoted to Major General during the war. He was also a companion of the Liberation.
Korean War service.
Rather than retire, at age 60, Monclar volunteered to join the French forces fighting in Korea. That force was known as the bataillon de Corée, and was attached to the 23rd United States Infantry Regiment as part of the 2nd Infantry Division. Monclar took a temporary demotion from lieutenant general to lieutenant colonel in order to command that formation. According to U.S. Army General Matthew Ridgeway:
I shall speak briefly of the 23rd US Infantry Regiment, Colonel Paul L. Freeman commanding, with the French Battalion. Isolated far in advance of the general battle line, completely surrounded in near-zero weather, they repelled repeated assaults by day and night by vastly superior numbers of Chinese. They were finally relieved. I want to say that these American fighting men, with their French comrades-in-arms, measured up in every way to the battle conduct of the finest troops America and France have produced throughout their national existence.

</doc>
<doc id="20604523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604523" title="Ciervo Hills">
Ciervo Hills

The Ciervo Hills are a mountain range in the inner California Coast Ranges, in Fresno County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20604536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604536" title="Clear Lake Hills">
Clear Lake Hills

The Clear Lake Hills are a mountain range in Modoc County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20604537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604537" title="Quinebaug Woods">
Quinebaug Woods

Quinebaug Woods is a open space preserve located in Holland, Massachusetts. The property, acquired in 2001 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations, is named for the Quinebaug River, which runs through the reservation.
The reservation is located off Dug Hill Road in northeast Holland and offers of hiking trails, woodlands, river frontage, a scenic vista, and the remains of a 1930's cabin atop the hogback
Blake Hill. The reservation is open to hiking, picnicing, horseback riding, fishing, and cross country skiing. Quinebaug Woods is part of a contiguous area of protected open space including the United States Army Corps of Engineers' East Brimfield Dam/Holland Pond Flood Control and Recreation Area.
History.
The area known today as the town of Holland, Massachusetts was first settled by Joseph Blodgett, who purchased land there in 1730. In 1783, Holland was incorporated as the East Parish of South Brimfield but wasn't incorporated as a town until 1835 when it achieved the necessary fifty voters. The population of Holland remained small (estimated at 300 in 1912) until the 1920s when a significant number of real estate buyers were attracted. Among these new buyers was William Haller, a professor at Barnard College of Columbia University who resided in northern New Jersey.
For over ten years Professor Haller and his family- his wife, Malleville and their three children, Bill Jr., Ben and Maria- rented a cottage on Holland Pond where they spent their summers. Then, in 1931, Haller purchased nearly one hundred acres of woodland on the west bank of the Quinebaug River. The land included a hill just north of the Hamilton Reservoir dam that was referred to locally as a “hogback”- an exposed rocky ridge. An old logging road ran to the top of the hill and, here, the Hallers built a cottage.
The Hallers visited the Quinebaug camp for many years. It had no running water or electricity. When the Haller children were grown and married, they continued to use the camp. The Hallers eventually became year-round residents of Holland. Bill Sr. and Malleville moved permanently into a small house by the lake. Their son Ben gave a parcel of land across the river from the hill to his son William to build a home and a second parcel to his sister Maria who, in turn, passed the land to her son John. Eventually, Ben had the cabin on the hill torn down, despite the protests of some family members. He felt a wilderness camp was no longer viable in the middle of the heavily settled community that Holland had become. The cabin had been repeatedly vandalized, and extensive repairs had been necessary each spring.
In 2001, Ben and Margaret Haller made a gift of their 38 acres of land on the hill, including the site of the former camp, to The Trustees of Reservations. In 2002, Quinebaug Woods became the 90th property of The Trustees of Reservations.
Cultural Resources.
The only known cultural resources on the reservation are the former cabin site and the original chimney still sitting atop the ridge. While it is an interesting landscape feature, this site has little historical or cultural significance either locally or regionally. To date, there have not been any efforts made to maintain the chimney as a landscape feature.
Natural Resources.
Quinebaug Woods is located within the Lower Worcester Plateau/Eastern Connecticut Upland Ecoregion. Forest covers the entire property. Hemlock is abundant and suppresses understory diversity. A ridgeline of exposed bedrock, also referred to as a “hogback,” is a prominent feature along the western boundary. This rock is composed of Paxton and Partridge schists, neutral to slightly acidic metamorphic rocks containing limy quartz and feldspar sandstone. Several small clearings occur along this ridgeline, as does an exemplary vernal pool. A view of the nearby hills can be seen from the largest of the clearings- the former site of the Haller cabin. The Quinebaug River forms much of the property’s eastern boundary. Timber harvesting occurred throughout the 20th century, most recently in 2000.
The reservation is adjacent to significant acreage owned by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the Holland Pond Recreational Area. The Leadmine Wildlife Management Area, managed by MassWildlife, is located across Sturbridge Road from the reservation. Other protected lands in the area include the Norcross Wildlife Sanctuary and The Trustees’ Tantiusques Reservation.
Wildlife.
In 2002, a breeding bird survey was conducted on the reservation in order to inform management of Quinebaug Woods. During the survey, a total of 37 species of birds were identified on the property including seven species listed as Massachusetts Priority Neotropical Migrant Bird Species. A male northern parula was observed along the river in June 2002. It is unlikely that this state-listed, threatened warbler is breeding on the property as it was only observed on one occasion. It is more likely that this individual was an unpaired male or a late migrant. Brown-headed cowbirds were one of the few problematic or non-native species observed. These birds pose a risk to neotropical migrants in that their habit of laying their eggs in the nests of other species impacts the productivity of native, neotropical migrants. In June 2002, a Louisiana waterthrush was observed feeding an immature cowbird.
The acreage of Quinebaug Woods alone is not large enough to support viable populations of wide-ranging species such as a barred owl or broad-winged hawk. However, in conjunction with other contiguous or nearby protected open space, the reservation plays an important role in supporting both wide-ranging and interior species. This may also be true of wide-ranging mammal species, in addition to birds.
One significant issue that has the potential to alter bird species composition at Quinebaug Woods is the loss of eastern hemlock trees from hemlock woolly adelgid(HWA). This will likely have the most significant impact on Black-throated Green Warbler and blackburnian warbler and blue-headed vireo, species that prefer mature mixed forest or conifers as habitat.
Recreation.
The Reservation is open year-round, daily, sunrise to sunset for hiking, bird watching, picnicking, horseback riding, and bow hunting (in season, with permission). There is a short loop trail that goes north along the Quinebaug River before turning west and heading up and over a steep hillside with rocky outcrops. On the exposed ridge there is a stone chimney and foundation steps, the only remains from a cabin built in 1932. From this and other vantage points, you can see Blake Hill to the east and Hamilton Reservoir to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20604553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604553" title="Colton Hills">
Colton Hills

The Colton Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, protected within Mojave National Preserve, in Southern California.
They are located in northeastern San Bernardino County.

</doc>
<doc id="20604567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604567" title="2004 Houston Bowl">
2004 Houston Bowl

The 2004 EV1.net Houston Bowl was the fifth edition of the college football bowl game, and was played at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. The game pitted the University of Colorado Buffaloes from the Big 12 and the University of Texas at El Paso Miners from the Western Athletic Conference (WAC). The game was the final competition of the 2004 football season for each team and resulted in a 33–28 Colorado victory.

</doc>
<doc id="20604571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604571" title="Vince Friyia">
Vince Friyia

Vince Friyia was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played from 1973 until 1986.
He played parts of three seasons for the Ontario Hockey Association's Soo Greyhounds, recording 36 points in 75 games. From 1977 to 1980 he was a member of the Lakehead Norwester. There he met friend and future father of the NHL player Sean Avery, Al Avery. He also played on a line with Henry Staal father of Eric, Jordan, Marc and Jared. He is second (only to Murray Smith) on Lake Head's all time scoring list with 81 goals and 127 assist and an amazing 2.1 points per game.
Personal stats.
Shoots: Right
Weight: 185
Height: 5.11
Move to Europe.
In 1981 he left for Italy. There, he scored 44 goals and 55 assists in just 33 games. His experience was cut short when he left for Spain the next year, introduced by the secretary of the city he went to, Jaca. She showed him the shortest member of the club, his soon to be brother-in-law, Piti Puyuelo. Friyia played for 3 years, meeting his wife Ana Puyuelo while there. In 1986 he had his last moment of glory when chosen to coach the Spanish National team where for the first (and only) time they won the C group, but lost in the first round to Norway finishing fifth overall.

</doc>
<doc id="20604572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604572" title="Agios Nikolaos, Thesprotia">
Agios Nikolaos, Thesprotia

Agios Nikolaos () is a village in the municipality of Filiates, Thesprotia, Greece. It is situated in the forested mountains near the Albanian border. The river Kalpakioti flows east of the village. In 2001 its population was 154. It is 3 km southeast of the Albanian border, 12 km north of Filiates town, 23 km northeast of Igoumenitsa, 33 km southeast of Sarandë (Albania) and 45 km west of Ioannina. 

</doc>
<doc id="20604574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604574" title="Confidence Hills">
Confidence Hills

The Confidence Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in southern Inyo County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20604577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604577" title="Emulsion dispersion">
Emulsion dispersion

An emulsion dispersion is thermoplastics or elastomers suspended in a waterphase with help of emulsifiers.
Preparation.
Emulsions are thermodynamically unstable liquid/liquid dispersions that are stabilized. Emulsion dispersion is not about reactor blends for which one polymer is polymerized from its monomer in the presence of the other polymers; emulsion dispersion is a novel method of choice for the preparation of homogeneous blends of thermoplastic and elastomer. In emulsion dispersion system the preparation of well-fined polymers droplets may be acquired by the use of water as dispersing medium. The surfactant molecules adsorb on the surface of emulsion by creating a dispersion of droplets, which reduces interfacial tension and retards particle flocculation during mixing. The molecules of surfactant have polar and non-polar parts which act as an intermediary to combine polar and non-polar polymers; the intermolecular interactions between the polar and the non-polar polymer segments resemble the macroscopic hydrocarbon-water interface. The idea of the emulsion dispersion inspired by emulsification of liquid natural rubber (LNR), from particle size analysis and optical microscopy results showed that the droplet size of emulsion of LNR with higher molecular weight is greater than that of the lower molecular weight. Emulsion dispersion was able to produce homogeneous low density polyethylene (LDPE)/LNR blends and nylon 6/LNR blends. Results of differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) thermogram indicated a single glass transition temperature (Tg) showed that the blends were compatible and Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM) micrograph showed no phase separation between blend components. In addition, exfoliated HDPE/LNR/montmorillonite nanocomposites were successfully achieved by using emulsion dispersion technique as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20604588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604588" title="Coppersmith Hills">
Coppersmith Hills

The Coppersmith Hills are a low mountain range in Lassen County, California. The Coppersmith Hills is a popular location for Big Foot sightings. In 1978, Francis Halloway claimed he saw Sasquatch cross his path while Halloway was out hiking alone. Only 5 years later, in 1983, a new married couple, Jill and Bobby Tamer claimed they spotted Big Foot in their camp rummaging for food. The last reported sighting was in 2002, by a forest ranger by the name of Will Hanley. Hanley reportedly saw the beast crossing a service road. He also claimed that the creature turned when he saw him and growled while shaking his fist.
There are travelers and tourists that frequent the hills, hoping to catch sight of Sasquatch, a venture that leaves most disappointed. There is a local resident, Amiee Deitrick, who claims that not only has she seen Big Foot, but has also fed him. Deitrick states that the legendary monster is overwhelming and gruff upon first appearance, but "the more you get to know him, the more you realize he's just a big chocolate covered marshmallow". Many of the local residents say that the infamous Sasquatch sightings are just falsified accounts of bear sightings. Another local, Tim Green, says the " all those who claim to have seen that animal just ain't right in the head, especially that crazy woman Deitrick".

</doc>
<doc id="20604607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604607" title="Manuel Vicente Romerogarcía">
Manuel Vicente Romerogarcía

Manuel Vicente Romerogarcía (Venezuela, 1861 - Aracataca, Colombia, August 22, 1917), was a Venezuelan writer, telegrapher and politician best known for his novel "Peonía" (1890).

</doc>
<doc id="20604623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604623" title="Jock Gaynor">
Jock Gaynor

Jock Gaynor (September 14, 1929 – April 2, 1998) was an American actor, producer, and writer, whose work was confined primarily to television. His acting career began at the age of thirty-one, when he was cast in a supporting role as deputy marshal Heck Martin during the first season (1960-1961) of the NBC western series "Outlaws", starring Barton MacLane and Don Collier, and in the second season, Collier and Bruce Yarnell. His character Heck Martin was the on-screen nephew to Collier's role of Will Foreman.
Gaynor was a native of New York City who sometimes used the stage names Jack Gaynor or Ward Gaynor. His acting career began when he appeared in 1960 as the character Joe Malone in NBC's "Wichita Town" with Joel McCrea. The then appeared in three ABC programs, "Bourbon Street Beat" as Mike Cherbourg, "Colt .45" as Gabe Randall, and "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp" as Lieutenant Grange. He appeared in David McLean's NBC summer western "Tate" as Tavibo weeks prior to appearing on "Outlaws".
Thereafter, Gaynor guest starred on Clint Walker's western "Cheyenne", "Hawaiian Eye" with Robert Conrad, and "Surfside 6" with Troy Donahue, all on ABC. He appeared twice as "Ogalla" on CBS's "Rawhide" with Clint Eastwood. He guest starred in the lead role in the short-lived 1961 CBS western "Gunslinger" in one episode entitled "Johnny Sergeant". 
Gaynor also guest starred on such series as "Laramie", the NBC western with John Smith and Robert Fuller, and in two episodes each of ABC's "Batman" and "The Iron Horse" with Dale Robertson and CBS's "". From 1963-1964, Gaynor appeared as Dr. William Scott in the soap opera "The Doctors" (1963-1982), the work of Orin Tovrov, who, according to the book "Total Television" had also created the old serial "Ma Perkins". After appearances on CBS's "Mannix" with Mike Connors and "Cannon" with William Conrad, both in 1973, Gaynor rarely acted thereafter.
He appeared in the 1974 thriller film "The Deathhead Virgin" in the role of Larry Alden. According to the story line, a treasure hunter finds a sunken Spanish galleon off the coast of a Philippine island, only to learn that the ship is influenced by the ghost of an ancient Moro princess. His last appearance was in the role of Paxton in 1986 on NBC's "Knight Rider" with David Hasselhoff. 
He produced the film "The Invitation" in 1984 and twenty episodes from 1979-1980 of Gil Gerard's series "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century". Gaynor died in Los Angeles, California, at the age of sixty-eight.

</doc>
<doc id="20604624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604624" title="Asnières – Gennevilliers – Les Courtilles (Paris Métro)">
Asnières – Gennevilliers – Les Courtilles (Paris Métro)

Asnières - Gennevilliers - Les Courtilles is the terminus of the north-western branch of Line 13 of the Métro in Paris, France. The station is situated under Avenue de la Redoute on the border of the communes of Asnières-sur-Seine and Gennevilliers. The station opened on 14 June 2008 upon completion of the extension of Line 13 from Gabriel Péri. Reversing sidings are provided to the north of the station for trains to change direction.
In November 2012, tramway T1 was extended to terminate at Asnières – Gennevilliers – Les Courtilles.

</doc>
<doc id="20604672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604672" title="Royal Malaysian Police College Kuala Lumpur">
Royal Malaysian Police College Kuala Lumpur

The Royal Malaysian Police College Kuala Lumpur or "Maktab Polis Diraja Malaysia Kuala Lumpur" is a police educational institution located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It is responsible for training senior officers in the Malaysian Police and the Malaysian Armed Forces. The College also trains police officers and soldiers from Indonesia, Singapore, Brunei, Thailand, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
History.
The idea for a Senior Officers College was first proposed by the then Inspector General of Police, the Honorable Tun Mohd Hanif B Omar, after a conducting a study on the need to improve the conditions of training institutions. The College's grounds were broken on 7 January 1994 at the Police Field Force Central Brigade, Cheras, opposite the previous Police College. The physical construction of the college began on January 16, 1996, and the institution began operating in part on January 31, 1999.
The Senior Officers' College executes the function of four previous training institutions namely:
The college was officially opened on July 10, 2004 by the former Prime Minister and Internal Security Minister of Malaysia, Tun Abdullah Bin Haji Ahmad Badawi
College Organisation.
The college is headed by a commandant with the rank of Senior Assistant Commissioner of Police I (SAC I) who is responsible for three centers of training, two centers of training support and two administrative divisions as below:
Since opening, several new units have been added to institution, including the Center for Disaster & Crisis Management which is headed by an Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP); and the Diploma in Investigative Studies Unit, to be headed by an Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP). THe College is also tasked with training newly recruited officers, so the Basic Policing Training Program Unit was formed. This unit is headed by an officer with the rank of Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP).

</doc>
<doc id="20604679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604679" title="Harpers Ferry (nightclub)">
Harpers Ferry (nightclub)

Harpers Ferry was a live music venue and bar in the Allston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. It was in the high traffic central student section of Boston, equidistant from both Boston College and Boston University. Hosting national touring acts and regional acts, Harpers Ferry became known as "Boston's Best Live Music". The development of the "Allston Rock City" music scene centered around Harpers Ferry as a primary venue. Harpers Ferry closed down unexpectedly on October 31, 2010.
History.
Harpers Ferry has a reputation throughout the Boston area as being an important venue in Boston Hardcore. After the closure of The Rathskeller, a famous venue in Kenmore Square, many of the hardcore bands that called The Rat home moved to The Middle East in the Central Square scene in Cambridge, Massachusetts or to Harpers Ferry.
In 2007, the WBCN Rock & Roll Rumble made its new home at Harpers Ferry.
On March 17, 2007, Dropkick Murphys performed their 2007 St. Patrick's Day show at Harpers Ferry.
Years ago blues and rhythm and blues music was featured prominently at the club, including 
a yearly blues festival in February and an annual Battle of the Blues Bands.
Harper's Ferry abruptly closed in October 2010 following an unresolved dispute between the club's general manager and the landlord. Several months of performances were cancelled so the club could close. The location is now home to the Brighton Music Hall.
Notable musical performances.
The following have performed at Harpers Ferry:

</doc>
<doc id="20604703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604703" title="Moments in a Lifetime">
Moments in a Lifetime

Moments in a Lifetime is a biographical/autiobiographical book about the Irish band Clannad, written by Barbara Bennett with band member Noel Duggan. The book was published to coincide with Clannad's 2008 tour of Britain and Ireland. The book contains exclusive photographs and accounts of touring and recording as a band.
Press release at Appletree Press:
It is often wisely quoted that to truly understand the present one needs to reflect on the past. Clannad – Moments in a Lifetime does just that, and traces the story of an international musical phenomenon.
The author explores the traditional heritage and subsequent career of the international award-winning musical group Clannad.
On this journey we will see the family ascend from their Tory Island roots through the rolling Donegal countryside to the majesty of the world stage. These are moments from the lifetime of a versatile clan as they appear on television screens, major motion pictures and ultimately the Grammy podium.
As the story of Clannad unfolds through photographs and history it becomes evident why they are Ireland’s most successful international ambassadors of the Gaelic language. 

</doc>
<doc id="20604716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604716" title="William C. Barham">
William C. Barham

William C. Barham is an American Republican Party politician, who served on the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders from December 2004 to January 1, 2009. In 2006 and 2007, he served as director of the Board.
Biography.
A Christian Brothers Academy graduate, Barham received his BA from Lewis University in Illinois. After graduation he went to work for Thomas H. Barham Co. Inc., a small family business. Within 12 years Barham became the firm's CEO and built it into a major contractor in New Jersey.
Barham is a member and former chief (1983) of the Monmouth Beach, New Jersey Fire Department. He served as the elected Commissioner of Public Works in the Borough of Monmouth Beach where his responsibilities included Police and Fire Commissioner, all public works projects and sanitation. As a Monmouth Beach Commissioner, Barham helped obtain grants to cover the multi-million dollar upgrades to the Borough's drainage system and infrastructure in the low-lying main streets that serve the areas of the Town Center and grammar school.
Barham is a past member of Local 9, Plumbers and Steam Fitters Union. He served as the President of the “200 Club” of Monmouth County, a philanthropic organization that provides funds and/or scholarships for the families of police, state troopers, firemen and EMS personnel hurt or killed in the line of duty. Shortly after the September 11 attacks, the “200 Club” was one of the first organizations to help the families of emergency personnel living in Monmouth County affected by the disaster. Later, Barham was the first person to be confirmed by the New Jersey Senate to serve on the World Trade Center Scholarship Committee, which provides educational assistance to families of 9/11 victims.
Barham was elected in December 2004 by the Monmouth County Republican Committee to fill the vacant seat of Freeholder Harry Larrison, Jr., who resigned due to failing health. On November 8, 2005, he was elected by the voters of the county to a full three-year term, along with Lillian G. Burry. Barham did not seek reelection in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20604724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604724" title="Geir Lundestad">
Geir Lundestad

Geir Lundestad (born 1945) is a Norwegian historian, who serves as the director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute. In this capacity, he also serves as the secretary of the Norwegian Nobel Committee. However, he is not a member of the committee itself.
Born in Sulitjelma, Lundestad studied history at the University of Oslo and University of Tromsø, graduating in 1970 with a cand.philol. degree and in 1976 with a doctorate respectively. From 1974 to 1990, he held various positions as Lecturer and Professor at the University of Tromsø before beginning his positions with the Norwegian Nobel Institute and Committee. Subsequently, he has been associated with the University of Oslo as an Adjunct Professor of International History. Lundestad spent several years in the United States as a research fellow, at Harvard University, from 1978 to 1979 and again in 1983, and at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, D.C., between 1988 and 1989. 
He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="20604735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604735" title="Croatian Catholic Radio">
Croatian Catholic Radio

Croatian Catholic Radio (, HKR) is a non-profit Croatian radio station with a state-wide concession. The founder and owner of the radio station if the Croatian Bishops' Conference. The station started broadcasting on May 17, 1997 when it was blessed by Cardinal Franjo Kuharić, then president of the Croatian Bishops' Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20604752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604752" title="Les Agnettes (Paris Métro)">
Les Agnettes (Paris Métro)

Les Agnettes is a station on the northwestern branch of Line 13 of the Métro. The station is situated under "Rue Robert Dupont" and "Rue des" Bas on the border of the communes of Gennevilliers and Asnières-sur-Seine. The station opened on 14 June 2008 with the completion of the extension of line 13 from Gabriel Péri to Asnières – Gennevilliers – Les Courtilles, and is situated underground. It is named after the locality.

</doc>
<doc id="20604765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604765" title="History of ethanol fuel in Brazil">
History of ethanol fuel in Brazil

The history of ethanol fuel in Brazil dates from the 1970s and relates to Brazil’s sugarcane -based ethanol fuel program, which allowed the country to became the world's second largest producer of ethanol, and the world's largest exporter. Several important political and technological developments led Brazil to became the world leader in the sustainable use of bioethanol, and a policy model for other developing countries in the tropical zone of Latin America, the Caribbean, and Africa. Government policies and technological advances also allowed the country to achieve a landmark in ethanol consumption, when ethanol retail sales surpassed 50% market share of the gasoline-powered vehicle fleet in early 2008. This level of ethanol fuel consumption had only been reached in Brazil once before, at the peak of the "Pró-Álcool" Program near the end of the 1980s.
Early experiences.
Sugarcane has been cultivated in Brazil since 1532, introduced in Pernambuco that year, sugar was one of the first commodities exported to Europe by the Portuguese settlers. Ethyl alcohol or ethanol is obtained as a by-product of sugar mills producing sugar, and can be processed to produce alcoholic beverages, ethanol fuel or alcohol for industrial or antiseptic uses. The first use of sugarcane ethanol as fuel in Brazil dates back to the late twenties and early thirties of the 20th century, with the introduction of the automobile in the country. After World War I some experimenting took place in Brazil's Northeast Region, and as early as 1919, the Governor of Pernambuco mandated all official vehicles to run on ethanol. The first ethanol fuel production plant went on line in 1927, the Usina Serra Grande Alagoas (USGA), located in the Northeastern state of Alagoas, producing fuel with 75% ethanol and 25% ethyl ether. As other plants began producing ethanol fuel, two years later there were 500 cars running on this fuel in the country's Northeast Region.
A decree was issued on February 20, 1931, mandating the blend of 5% hydrated ethanol to all imports of gasoline by volume. The number of distilleries producing ethanol fuel went from 1 in 1933 to 54 by 1945. Fuel-grade ethanol production increased from 100,000 liters in 1933 to 51.5 million liters in 1937, representing 7% of the country's fuel consumption. Production peaked to 77 million liters during World War II, representing 9.4% of all ethanol production in the country. Due to German submarine attacks threatening oil supplies, the mandatory blend was as high as 50 percent in 1943. After the end of the war cheap oil caused gasoline to prevail, and ethanol blends were only used sporadically, mostly to take advantage of sugar surpluses, until the 1970s, when the first oil crisis resulted in gasoline shortages and awareness on the dangers of oil dependence.
The Pro-Alcohol era.
As a response to the 1973 oil crisis, the Brazilian government began promoting bioethanol as a fuel. The National Alcohol Program -"Pró-Álcool"- (), launched in 1975, was a nation-wide program financed by the government to phase out automobile fuels derived from fossil fuels, such as gasoline, in favor of ethanol produced from sugar cane. The decision to produce ethanol from sugarcane was based on the low cost of sugar at the time, the idle capacity for distillation at the sugar plants, and the country's tradition and experience with this feedstock. Other sources of fermentable carbohydrates were also explored such as manioc and other feedstocks. The first phase of the program concentrated in production of anhydrous ethanol for blending with gasoline.
After testing in government fleets with several prototypes developed by local subsidiaries of Fiat, Volkswagen, GM, and Ford, and compelled by the second oil crisis, the first 16 gasoline stations began supplying hydrous ethanol in May 1979 for a fleet of 2,000 neat ethanol adapted vehicles, and by July, the Fiat 147 was launched to the market, becoming the first modern commercial neat ethanol-powered car (E100) sold in the world. Brazilian carmakers modified gasoline engines to support hydrous ethanol characteristics. Changes included compression ratio, amount of fuel injected, replacement of materials subject to corrosion by ethanol, use of colder spark plugs suitable for dissipating heat due to higher flame temperatures, and an auxiliary cold-start system that injects gasoline from a small tank to aid cold starting. Six years later, approximately 75% of Brazilian passenger cars were manufactured with ethanol engines.
The Brazilian government also made mandatory the blend of ethanol fuel with gasoline, fluctuating from 1976 until 1992 between 10% and 22%. Due to this mandatory minimum gasoline blend, pure gasoline (E0) is no longer sold in the country. A federal law was passed in October 1993 establishing a mandatory blend of 22% anhydrous ethanol (E22) in the entire country. This law also authorized the Executive to set different percentages of ethanol within pre-established boundaries; since 2003 these limits were fixed at a maximum of 25% (E25) and a minimum of 20% (E20) by volume. Since then, the government has set the percentage on the ethanol blend according to the results of the sugarcane harvest and the levels of ethanol production from sugarcane, resulting in blend variations even within the same year.
Since July 2007 the mandatory blend was 25% of anhydrous ethanol and 75% gasoline or E25 blend. As a result of supply shortages and high ethanol fuel prices, in 2010 the government mandated a temporary 90-day blend reduction from E25 to E20 beginning February 1, 2010. As supply shortages took place again between the 2010-2011 harvest seasons, some ethanol was imported from the US, and in April 2011 the government reduced the minimum mandatory blend to 18 percent, leaving the mandatory blend range between E18 to E25.
The Brazilian government provided three important initial motivators for the ethanol industry: guaranteed purchases by the state-owned oil company Petrobras, low-interest loans for agro-industrial ethanol firms, and fixed gasoline and ethanol prices where hydrous ethanol sold for 59% of the government-set gasoline price at the pump. These incentives made ethanol production competitive.
After reaching more than 4 million cars and light trucks running on pure ethanol by the late 1980s, representing 33% of the country's motor vehicle fleet, ethanol production and sales of neat ethanol cars tumbled due to several factors. First, gasoline prices fell sharply as a result of the 1980s oil glut. The inflation adjusted real 2004 dollar value of oil fell from an average of US$78.2 in 1981 to an average of US$26.8 per barrel in 1986. Also, by mid-1989 a shortage of ethanol fuel supply in the local market left thousands of vehicles in line at gas stations or out of fuel in their garages. At the time ethanol production was tightly regulated by the government, as well as pricing of both gasoline and ethanol fuel, the latter subject to fixed producer prices. As a complement, the government provided subsidies to guarantee a lower ethanol price at the pump as compared to gasoline, as consumers were promised that ethanol prices would never be higher than 65% the price of gasoline. As sugar prices sharply increased in the international market by the end of 1988 and the government did not set the sugar export quotas, production shifted heavily towards sugar production causing an ethanol supply shortage, as the real cost of ethanol was around per barrel. As ethanol production stagnated at 12 billion liters and could not keep pace with the increasing demand required by the now significant ethanol-only fleet, the Brazilian government began importing ethanol from Europe and Africa in 1991. Simultaneously, the government began reducing ethanol subsidies, thus marking the beginning of the industry's deregulation and the slow extinction of the "Pró-Álcool" Program.
In 1990, production of neat ethanol vehicles fell to 10.9% of the total car production as consumers lost confidence in the reliability of ethanol fuel supply, and began selling or converting their cars back to gasoline fuel. By the beginning of 1997 Fiat, Ford, and General Motors had all stopped producing ethanol powered cars, leaving only Volkswagen (who offered the Gol, Santana, Kombi and their derivatives). The manufacturers requested a reinstatement of a stable gasohol program and promised to develop products by 1999.
The Flex-fuel era.
Confidence in ethanol-powered vehicles was restored with the introduction in the Brazilian market of flexible-fuel vehicles starting in 2003. A key innovation in the Brazilian flex technology was avoiding the need for an additional dedicated sensor to monitor the ethanol-gasoline mix, which made the first American M85 flex fuel vehicles too expensive. This was accomplished through the lambda probe, used to measure the quality of combustion in conventional engines, is also required to tell the engine control unit (ECU) which blend of gasoline and alcohol is being burned. This task is accomplished automatically through software developed by Brazilian engineers, called "Software Fuel Sensor" (SFS), fed with data from the standard sensors already built-in the vehicle. The technology was developed by the Brazilian subsidiary of Bosch in 1994, but was further improved and commercially implemented in 2003 by the Italian subsidiary of Magneti Marelli. A similar fuel injection technology was developed by the Brazilian subsidiary of Delphi Automotive Systems, and it is called "Multifuel." This technology allows the controller to regulate the amount of fuel injected and spark time, as fuel flow needs to be decreased and also self-combustion needs to be avoided when gasoline is used because ethanol engines have compression ratio around 12:1, too high for gasoline.
In March 2003, Volkswagen launched in the Brazilian market the Gol 1.6 Total Flex, the first commercial flexible fuel vehicle capable of running on any blend of gasoline and ethanol. Chevrolet followed two months later with the Corsa 1.8 Flexpower, using an engine developed by a joint-venture with Fiat called PowerTrain. That year production of full flex-fuel reached 39.853 automobiles and 9.411 light commercial vehicles. By 2008, popular manufacturers that build flexible fuel vehicles are Chevrolet, Fiat, Ford, Peugeot, Renault, Volkswagen, Honda, Mitsubishi, Toyota and Citroën. Nissan launched its first flex fuel in the Brazilian market in 2009 and Kia Motors in 2010.
Flexible-fuel vehicles were 22% of the car sales in 2004, 73% in 2005, 87.6% in July 2008, and reached a record 94% in August 2009. The production of flex-fuel cars and light commercial vehicles reached the milestone of 10 million vehicles in March 2010, and 15.3 million units by March 2012. As of December 2011, the fleet of flex automobiles and light commercial vehicles had reached 14.8 million vehicles, representing 21% of Brazil's motor vehicle fleet and 31.8% of all registered light vehicles.
This rapid adoption of the flex technology was facilitated by the fuel distribution infrastructure already in place, as around 27,000 filling stations countrywide were available by 1997 with at least one ethanol pump, a heritage of the "Pró-Álcool" program, and by October 2008 have reached 35,000 fueling stations.
The flexibility of Brazilian FFVs empowered the consumers to choose the fuel depending on current market prices. The rapid adoption and commercial success of "flex" vehicles, as they are popularly known, together with the mandatory blend of alcohol with gasoline as E25 fuel, have increased ethanol consumption up to the point that during the first two months of 2008 ethanol consumption increased by 56% when compared to the same period in 2007, and achieving a landmark in ethanol consumption in February 2008, when ethanol retail sales surpassed the 50% market share of the gasoline-powered fleet. This level of ethanol fuel consumption had not been reached since the end of the 80s, at the peak of the "Pró-Álcool" Program. According to two separate research studies conducted in 2009, at the national level 65% of the flex-fuel registered vehicles regularly use ethanol fuel, and all-year-long by 93% of flex car owners in São Paulo, the main ethanol producer state where local taxes are lower, and prices at the pump are more competitive than gasoline.
Between 1979 and 2011, Brazil substituted around 22 million pure gasoline-powered vehicles with 5.7 million neat ethanol vehicles, 14.8 million flex-fuel vehicles and almost 1.5 million flex motorcycles. The number of neat ethanol vehicles still in use by 2003 was estimated between 2 to 3 million vehicles, and 1.22 million as of December 2011. There were 80 flex car and light truck models available in the market manufactured by 12 major carmakers by December 2011, and four flex-fuel motorcycle models available.
The early technology in flex fuel engines had a fuel economy with hydrated ethanol (E100) that was 25 to 35% lower than gasoline, but flex engines are now being designed with higher compression ratios, taking advantage of the higher ethanol blends and maximizing the benefits of the higher oxygen content of ethanol, resulting in lower emissions and improving fuel efficiency, allowing flex engines in 2008 models to reduce the fuel economy gap to 20 to 25% that of gasoline.
Latest developments.
Ethanol-powered diesel engine.
Under the auspices of the BioEthanol for Sustainable Transport (BEST) project, the first ethanol-powered (E95 or ED95) bus began operations in São Paulo city on December 2007 as a one-year trial project. The bus is a Scania model with a modified diesel engine capable of running with 95% hydrous ethanol blended with a 5% ignition improver, with a Marcopolo body. Scania adjusted the compression ratio from 18:1 to 28:1, added larger fuel injection nozzles, and altered the injection timing.
During the trial period performance and emissions were monitored by the National Reference Center on Biomass (CENBIO - ) at the Universidade de São Paulo, and compared with similar diesel models, with special attention to carbon monoxide and particulate matter emissions. Performance is also important as previous tests have shown a reduction in fuel economy of around 60% when E95 is compared to regular diesel.
In November 2009, a second ED95 bus began operating in São Paulo city. The bus was a Swedish Scania with a Brazilian CAIO body. The second bus was scheduled to operate between Lapa and Vila Mariana, passing through Avenida Paulista, one of the main business centers of São Paulo city. The two test buses operated regularly for 3 years.
In November 2010 the municipal government of São Paulo city signed an agreement with UNICA, Cosan, Scania and "Viação Metropolitana"", the local bus operator, to introduce a fleet of 50 ethanol-powered ED95 buses by May 2011. The city's government objective is to reduce the carbon footprint of the city's bus fleet which is made of 15,000 diesel-powered buses, and the final goal is for the entire bus fleet to use only renewable fuels by 2018 . Scania will manufacture the buses in its plant located in São Bernardo do Campo, São Paulo. These buses use the same technology and fuel as the 700 buses manufactured by Scania and already operating in Stockholm.
The first ethanol-powered buses were delivered in May 2011, and the 50 buses will start regular service in June 2011. The fleet of 50 ethanol-powered ED95 buses had a cost of R$ 20 million () and due to the higher cost of the ED95 fuel, one of the firms participating in the cooperation agreement, Raísen (a joint venture between Royal Dutch Shell and Cosan), will supply the fuel to the municipality at 70% the market price of regular diesel.
Flex-fuel motorcycles.
The latest innovation within the Brazilian flexible-fuel technology is the development of flex-fuel motorcycles. In 2007 Magneti Marelli presented the first motorcycle with flex technology. Delphi Automotive Systems also presented in 2007 its own injection technology for motorcycles. Besides the flexibility in the choice of fuels, a main objective of the fuel-flex motorcycles is to reduce CO2 emissions by 20 percent, and savings in fuel consumption in the order of 5% to 10% are expected.
The first flex fuel motorcycle was launched to the Brazilian market by Honda in March 2009. Produced by its local subsidiary Moto Honda da Amazônia, the CG 150 Titan Mix is sold for around US$2,700. Because the motorcycle does not have a secondary gas tank for a cold start like the Brazilian flex cars do, the fuel tank must have at least 20% of gasoline to avoid start up problems at temperatures below . The motorcycle’s panel includes a gauge to warn the driver about the actual ethanol-gasoline mix in the storage tank. During the first eight months after its market launch the CG 150 Titan Mix has sold 139,059 motorcycles, capturing a 10.6% market share, and ranking second in sales of new motorcycles in the Brazilian market in 2009.
In September 2009, Honda launched a second flexible-fuel motorcycle, the on-off road NXR 150 Bros Mix. By December 2010 both Honda flexible-fuel motorcycles had reached cumulative production of 515,726 units, representing a 18.1% market share of the Brazilian new motorcycle sales in that year. As of January 2011 there were four flex-fuel motorcycle models available in the market. During 2011 a total of 956,117 flex-fuel motorcycles were produced, raising its market share to 56.7%. Since their inception in 2009 almost 1.5 million flexible-fuel motorcycles had been produced in the country through December 2011, and the two million mark was reached in August 2012. 
New generation of flex engines.
The Brazilian subsidiaries of Magneti Marelli, Delphi and Bosch have developed and announced the introduction in 2009 of a new flex engine generation that eliminates the need for the secondary gasoline tank by warming the ethanol fuel during starting, and allowing flex vehicles to do a normal cold start at temperatures as low as , the lowest temperature expected anywhere in the Brazilian territory. Another improvement is the reduction of fuel consumption and tailpipe emissions, between 10% to 15% as compared to flex motors sold in 2008. In March 2009 Volkswagen do Brasil launched the Polo E-Flex, the first flex fuel model without an auxiliary tank for cold start. The Flex Start system used by the Polo was developed by Bosch.
2009-2013 supply shortage.
Since 2009 the Brazilian ethanol industry has experienced financial stress due to the credit crunch caused by the economic crisis of 2008; poor sugarcane harvests due to unfavorable weather; high sugar prices in the world market that made more attractive to produce sugar rather than ethanol; and other domestic factors that resulted in a decline of its annual production despite a growing demand in the local market. Brazilian ethanol fuel production in 2011 was 21.1 billion liters (5.6 billion U.S. liquid gallons), down from 26.2 million liters (6.9 billion gallons) in 2010. A supply shortage took place for several months during 2010 and 2011, and prices climbed to the point that ethanol fuel was no longer attractive for owners of flex-fuel vehicles; the government reduced the minimum ethanol blend in gasoline to reduce demand and keep ethanol fuel prices from rising further; and for the first time since the 1990s, ethanol fuel was imported from the United States.
As a result of higher ethanol prices caused by the Brazilian ethanol industry crisis, combined with government subsidies set to keep gasoline price lower than the international market value, by November 2013 only 23% flex-fuel car owners were using ethanol regularly, down from 66% in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20604781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604781" title="Executive Order 13128">
Executive Order 13128

Executive Order 13128 is an United States executive order (EO) issued by Bill Clinton in 1999. It authorized the Departments of State and Commerce to create regulations regarding the implementation of the Chemical Weapons Convention.
Background.
The United States Senate ratified U.S. participation in the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) on April 25, 1997. On October 25, 1998 the U.S. Congress passed the Chemical Weapons Implementation Act of 1998, legislation which formally implemented the treaty's many provisions. Among those provisions were requirements for signatories to develop new regulations to deal with the transfer of chemicals and technologies that can be used for chemical warfare purposes.
Order.
Executive Order 13128 was signed by then-U.S. President Bill Clinton on June 25, 1999. EO 13128 partially implemented the CWC, a treaty; treaties can be and are sometimes partially implemented by executive order. In addition, with its signing the order established the U.S. Department of State as the lead national agency for coordinating the implementation of and the provisions of both the CWC and the 1998 law with the various branches and agencies of the federal government. The executive order also authorized the U.S. Department of Commerce to establish regulations, obtain and execute warrants, provide assistance to certain facilities, and carry out other functions consistent with the CWC and the 1998 act.
Results.
The Department of Commerce published an interim rule on December 30, 1999, through the Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS), which established the Chemical Weapons Convention Regulations (CWCR). The CWCR implemented all provisions of the CWC which affected U.S. persons and industry. The BIS rule was published after extensive comments from the U.S. Chemical Manufacturers Association and others. The U.S Department of State issued its own regulations which dealt with taking samples at chemical weapons sites as well as criminal and civil punishments for violation of the provisions of the CWC.

</doc>
<doc id="20604787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604787" title="Australian Independent Record Labels Association">
Australian Independent Record Labels Association

The Australian Independent Record Labels Association (previously known as Association of Independent Record Labels and often known as AIR) is a non profit, non government association dedicated to supporting the growth and development of Australia’s independent recording sector. AIR represents Australian owned record labels and independent artists based in Australia.
AIR's primary purpose is to foster an increasing marketplace for Australian independent music and assist in the long-term development, growth and success of Australia 's independent recording industry.
History.
AIR was started by a group of Sydney and Melbourne music industry professionals and labels, who began meeting regularly to formulate ideas on how to start an industry association that would assist the on-going development of Australia’s independent record industry. The Association was incorporated in 1996 thanks to a small donation from Phantom Records, and received its first operation funding grant from The Australia Council for the Arts in 1998.
Additional Australia Council funding was received in 2000, and in this same year, members also voted to change AIR’s legal status from Incorporated Association to Company Limited by Guarantee.
AIR moved its base from Sydney, New South Wales to Brisbane, Queensland in 2004 when Stuart Watters (formerly of Q Music, Queensland's state music council) took over as its Chief Executive Officer.
In 2007 AIR moved its operations from Brisbane to Melbourne, Victoria where it is now based in the Rubber Records and Media Arts Lawyers building in North Melbourne.
Members.
AIR began as a small association with 25 members to a company with over 200 financial members across all sectors of the Australian music industry. AIR's membership of significant Australian Independent Record Labels includes but is not limited to Head Records, Shock Records, Elefant Traks, Obese Records, Dew Process, Liberation Music, Plus One Records, Remote Control Records Pty Ltd, MGM Distribution, UNFD - We Are Unified, Ivy League Records, Vitamin Records, , Red Cat Records, Illusive Sounds, Future Classic, Casadeldisco Records and Jarrah Records.
Jagermeister Independent Music Charts.
In 2000, AIR inaugurated the Jagermeister Independent Music Charts which track the sales of Australia's highest selling independent artists. The top 20 independent singles and albums are published on a weekly basis but genre charts for Jazz, Hip Hop, Blues and Roots, Hard Rock/Punk, Country are published once a month. The AIR Charts differ from the ARIA Charts because they focus on Australian artists represented only by Australian independent labels. 
Titles are eligible to be included in the AIR Charts if they are Australian, the title is released on an independent label / or, self released and where it is either distributed through an independent distributor or where an independent label uses the services of a major or its subsidiary to distribute the title.
AIR Awards.
The annual AIR Awards are run in conjunction with the AIR Charts and celebrate the year's highest charting independently released Australian singles and albums.
The selection of the 10 finalists for each category is based upon a total score calculated across all 20 AIR independent chart positions over that year. The winner is voted for by a judging panel consisting of approximately 350 members of the retail and media sectors of the Australian independent music industry.
The AIR Awards recognise Australian 100% Independent artists (100% Independent in this context refers to releases whose masters are owned independently of major labels and are also distributed independently by an Australian owned distributor).
Worldwide Independent Networks.
AIR is a member of WIN (Worldwide Independent Networks) which is a coalition of independent music bodies from countries throughout the world. Other member organisations of WIN include A2IM (USA), ABMI (Brazil), ADISQ (Canada), AIM (UK), AIRCO (South Africa), Audiocoop (Italy), BIMA (Belgium), CIRPA (Canada), DUP (Denmark), ILCJ (Japan), IMI (India), IMNZ (New Zealand), Impala (Europe), INZIMA (Israel), Pronafon (Mexico), SOM (Sweden), UFI (Spain), UPFI (France), VTMOE (Austria) and VUT (Germany).
On 4 July 2008 AIR took part in WIN's Independents Day initiative, the first annual coordinated celebration of independent music across the world. As a major part of these celebrations AIR conducted an online poll for Australia's greatest independent records of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="20604799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604799" title="Frank Rediker">
Frank Rediker

Frank Rediker (Born March 15, 1985 in Sterling Heights, Michigan) is a retired American ice hockey player who most recently played for the Stockton Thunder of the ECHL.
Playing career.
Rediker played junior hockey in the OHL for the Windsor Spitfires from 2002 – 2004. He was traded to the London Knights during the 2004 season and played for them until the end of the 2006 season. Rediker helped the Knights win the J. Ross Robertson Cup as OHL champions and the Memorial Cup as CHL champions in the 2005 season. His career was hampered by injuries, particularly to his knees.
Rediker was drafted by the Boston Bruins in the fourth round (118th overall) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. He played for the Stockton Thunder of the ECHL in 2007 but only managed seven games in his only professional season due to injuries. He hasn't played professional hockey since.

</doc>
<doc id="20604806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604806" title="Low Newton">
Low Newton

Low Newton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20604824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604824" title="Gabriel Péri (Paris Métro)">
Gabriel Péri (Paris Métro)

Gabriel Péri is a station on the north-western branch of Line 13 of the Métro in Paris, France. The station is situated under Rue des Bas on the boundary of the communes of Gennevilliers and Asnières-sur-Seine. The station opened on 3 May 1980 upon completion of the extension of Line 13 from Porte de Clichy, and was the terminal station until 2008 when the extension to Les Courtilles opened. At that time, its name was changed from "Gabriel Péri - Asnières - Gennevilliers" to its present name.

</doc>
<doc id="20604826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604826" title="Everman Joe C. Bean High School">
Everman Joe C. Bean High School

Everman Joe C. Bean High School (commonly referred to as Everman, Everman High School, and EHS) is a public secondary school located in Everman, Texas (A country-suburb southeast of Fort Worth, Texas). The school is a part of the Everman Independent School District (commonly referred to as Everman ISD) and serves students in grades 10–12. The school mascot is the Bulldog and schools colors are officially purple and gold although black has recently been added as an accent color.
Everman High School houses students in grades 9-12. Most of the grade 9 classes are taught in the Jefferson Davis, Jr. Ninth Grade Center, which opened to the west of the existing campus in January 2008.
History.
Everman High School started out as part of the Everman School in the 1900s. It was a grade school, middle school, and high school for the children of Everman, Texas (then known as the community of Enon). The Everman School building is now Hommel Elementary School.
Everman High School was built in the 1950s and is still in use today. In the 1990s, Everman High School was renamed Everman Joe C. Bean High School after Dr. Joe C. Bean (former Everman Independent School District principal and superintendent).
Sports.
Everman High School offers a variety of sports programs and dance ensembles. Current sports offered are Baseball, Basketball, Bowling, Cross Country, Football, Golf, Powerlifting, Soccer, Softball, Tennis, Track, and Volleyball.
Basketball.
Everman is home of the 2003 Texas 3A State Boys Basketball champions. The team defeated Aransas Pass High School (86-58) in the semi-finals and Tatum High School (72-44) in the finals. In 1997-1998 Everman's boys basketball team became the first non Class 5A school to be rated in the USA Today National Top 25 Poll starting out the season at 25-0. Everman's boys basketball team has also notched a State Tournament in the 1950s and has advanced to the Regional Finals a total of four times and the Regional Semi-Finals seven times in school history. The girl's teams at EHS have not had the same level of success as the boys teams as they have not won a playoff game since the 1980s.
Track.
Everman High School won the UIL 3A Girls Track & Field Team Champions Championship under Head Coach Steve Beggs in 2001. The girls track team beat out competing high schools with 50 points. In 1995 Everman won the UIL 4A Boys Track and Field Championship beating out Dallas Lincoln and Brenham with 38 points.
Baseball.
Everman has produced two players who have spent time in the professional ranks and they've made one appearance in the state tournament in 1984 losing to Austin Westlake in the State Semi-Finals.
Football.
The Everman High School football team has won two Class 3A state football championships and 2003. In 2007, the football team was named Class 4A district champions after going undefeated in the regular season and going 14-1, but eventually losing in the semi-finals, where they played Highland Park High School and lost 13-42. (Highland Park High School later lost to Lake Travis High School).
In 2008, the Bulldogs went 14-1 again but on Saturday December 13, 2008, Everman lost 47-34 to Sulphur Springs High School at Texas Stadium. Sulphur Springs High School was behind in the first quarter but began to take over in the last three quarters. Sulphur Springs would win the Class 4A State Championship the next week.
Dale Keeling Field House.
Construction for the Dale Keeling Field House was completed in 2009. The new field house is named after Dale Keeling, Everman ISD's Director of Athletics and Everman High School's head football coach. The estimated construction cost of the site is $5,275,000. The site sits on the northern end zone of J.E. Marr Stadium (Located behind Everman High School). This field house was dedicated to Dale Keeling.

</doc>
<doc id="20604842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604842" title="Red Stangland">
Red Stangland

Eider "Red" Stangland (February 7, 1922 - August 8, 1995) was an American radio broadcaster and humorist. He wrote numerous joke books focused on Upper Midwestern humor, most notably a series of titles about the fictional characters Ole and Lena.
Biography.
Eider C. Stangland began his radio career as an announcer and ended it as a station owner. He owned KIWA AM and FM in Sheldon, Iowa, and had owned the former KCHF AM and FM stations in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Stangland wrote numerous joke books centered on the Nordic characters at the center of jokes that predate his works and go back at least to the 1940s.
Humor.
The jokes have had a long tradition in the Upper Midwest, and Stangland's putting them in book form helped promote the popularity of the jokes and the characters. They are legendary among the Lutherans of Scandinavian heritage (mostly Norwegian and Swedish) throughout the Midwest and with outsiders who know them. The main characters are Lena, her boyfriend Ole, and his buddy Sven.
The jokes themselves are part of the cultural heritage also symbolized by expressions such as "Uff Da", "ya sure" and "you betcha". 
There was a great rivalry between the Swedes and Norwegians that carries over from the rivalry of the European nations and continued in the Midwest. The jokes may have served to bridge this divide, especially as the two groups intermarried in the United States.
No one is certain when and where Ole and Lena jokes began, but they may have come from self-deprecating Scandinavian-Americans making fun of themselves and each other. There is no indication the jokes are widely known in Scandinavia. 
The joke books have been given away at Nordic Heritage Club events and are signature of Midwestern regional humor. This self-deprecating outlook has been referred to as the "uff da" world view. 
Some of the jokes are short quips.
Most of the jokes are intentionally long and a bit droll, causing an uff da from listeners.

</doc>
<doc id="20604868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604868" title="Torra di Ferringule">
Torra di Ferringule

The Torra di Ferringule () is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Farinole.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604873" title="Torra di Fautea">
Torra di Fautea

The Torra di Fautea is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Zonza (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604878" title="Torra di Finochjarola">
Torra di Finochjarola

The Torra di Finochjarola () is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located on the Finacchiarola island, in the commune of Rogliano (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604881" title="Torra di Fiurentina">
Torra di Fiurentina

The Torra di Fiurentina is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of San-Giuliano.
This sort of towers in Corsica are known as Genoese, even if this one has a Florentine origin.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604884" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1955">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1955

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1955 Australian federal election. The election was held on 10 December 1955.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. Senators Stan Amour (Labor), Ken Anderson (Liberal), James Arnold (Labor), Donald Grant (Labor) and Alister McMullin (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. Senators Gordon Brown (Labor), Condon Byrne (Labor), Roy Kendall (Liberal), Ted Maher (Country) and Ian Wood (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Senators Jack Critchley (Labor), Keith Laught (Liberal), Rex Pearson (Liberal), John Ryan (Labor) and Jim Toohey (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending one seat. The Liberal Party was defending four seats. Senators Bill Aylett (Labor), George Cole (Labor), John Marriott (Liberal), Justin O'Byrne (Labor) and Robert Wordsworth (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending two seats. Senators Jack Devlin (Labor), John Gorton (Liberal), Bert Hendrickson (Labor), Pat Kennelly (Labor) and Ivy Wedgwood (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats (although Senator Agnes Robertson had defected to the Country Party). Senators Joe Cooke (Labor), James Fraser (Labor), John Harris (Labor), Malcolm Scott (Liberal) and Harrie Seward (Country) were not up for re-election.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the number of seats contested by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested Senate elections in each state.

</doc>
<doc id="20604889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604889" title="Torra di Fornali">
Torra di Fornali

The Torra di Fornali is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Saint-Florent.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France. It was fought over during the Siege of Saint-Florent in 1794.

</doc>
<doc id="20604894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604894" title="Torra di Galeria">
Torra di Galeria

The Torra di Galeria is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Galéria (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604897" title="Torra di Giraglia">
Torra di Giraglia

The Torra di Giraglia is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located on the island of Giraglia, commune of Ersa (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604904" title="Torra di Girolata">
Torra di Girolata

The Torra di Girolata is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Osani (Corse-du-Sud).
The torra di Girolata was built in 1551 by the Genoese architect Geronimo da Levante.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604909" title="2005 Houston Bowl">
2005 Houston Bowl

The 2005 EV1.net Houston Bowl was the sixth and final edition of the college football bowl games and was played at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. The game pitted the Iowa State Cyclones from the Big 12 Conference and the TCU Horned Frogs from the Mountain West Conference (MWC). The game was the final competition of the 2005 football season for each team and resulted in a 27–24 TCU victory.

</doc>
<doc id="20604914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604914" title="Torra di Grisgione">
Torra di Grisgione

The Torra di Grisgione is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of San-Martino-di-Lota (Haute-Corse).
The tower was built in 1542.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604919" title="Torra di l'Isula di Gargali">
Torra di l'Isula di Gargali

The Torra di l'Isula di Gargali is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Osani (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604922" title="Torra di l'Isula Rossa">
Torra di l'Isula Rossa

The Torra di l'Isula Rossa is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located on the Pietra island in the commune of L'Île-Rousse (Haute-Corse).
It was built during the 15th century to protect the harbour of the city.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604932" title="Torra di l'Osse">
Torra di l'Osse

The Torra di l'Osse is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Cagnano.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604934" title="Climax mine">
Climax mine

The Climax mine, located in Climax, Colorado, United States, is a major molybdenum mine in Lake and Summit counties, Colorado. Shipments from the mine began in 1915. At its highest output, the Climax mine was the largest molybdenum mine in the world, and for many years it supplied three-fourths of the world's supply of molybdenum. 
After a long shutdown, the Climax mine has reopened and resumed shipment of molybdenum on May 10, 2012.
History.
The prospector Charles Senter discovered and claimed the outcropping of molybdenite (molybdenum sulfide) veins in 1879, during the Leadville, Colorado, Silver Boom, but he had no idea what the mineral he found was. Senter quickly determined that the rock contained no gold or silver, but he kept the claims anyway. The following year he settled down to live with his Ute Indian wife in a cabin a few miles north, and he made a living working a nearby gold placer. Each year he faithfully did the assessment work required to keep his lode claims, convinced that his mystery mineral must be worth something and in 1918 Senter finally received $40,000 for his mining claims and "settled into a comfortable retirement in Denver." 
Although Senter finally found a chemist who identified the gray mineral as containing molybdenum in 1895, at the time there was virtually no market for the metal. When steelmakers found the usefulness of molybdenum as an alloy in producing very hard steel, the first ore shipments from the deposit began in 1915, and the Climax mine began full production in 1914. The main ore bearing area was Bartlett Mountain, which was mined out during the early mining. But the demand for molybdenum fell drastically at the end of World War I, and the Climax mine shut down in 1919. Molybdenum later found use in the metal alloys for the turbines of jet engines. Molybdenum is an important metal used in industrial work to increase the resistance of steel because of its much higher melting point compared to that of iron. Molybdenum was also used to fight weather erosion, friction, and chemical exposure of industrial equipment.
The extraction of molybdenite hit its highest rate during World War I, it is believed, when the army realized that the Germans were using molybdenum as an alloy to strengthen and increase the durability of their weapons and tanks.
The Climax Molybdenum Company re-opened the mine in 1924, and it operated the mine nearly continuously until the 1980s. The mine was shut down between 1995 and 2012, awaiting higher molybdenum prices. The mine's current owner, Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold, continues to work on environmental cleanup of past operations while holding the mine ready in the event of market changes.
In December 2007 Freeport-McMoRan reported that it planned to reopen the Climax mine and that production should start in 2010. An initial $500-million project involves the restart of open-pit mining and construction of state-of-the-art milling facilities. The company stated that the Climax mine has "... the largest, highest-grade and lowest-cost molybdenum ore body in the world.". The remaining ore reserves are estimated to contain about 500 million pounds of molybdenum, contained in ore at an average molybdenum percentage of 0.165%. Production was expected to be about 30 million pounds per year, starting in 2010.
However, Freeport-McMoRan announced in November 2008 that it had deferred plans to reopen the Climax mine, due to lower molybdenum prices. The company had spent about $200 million preparing for a restart of the mine, with an estimated $350 million more needed to reopen. After a 17-year shutdown, the Climax mine has reopened and resumed shipment of molybdenum on May 10, 2012. 
Geology.
The ore deposit is a porphyry type, similar to many large copper deposits, where many intersecting small veins of molybdenite form a stockwork in an altered quartz monzonite porphyry. Like other porphyry-type ore deposits, the ore is low-grade, much less than one percent molybdenum, but the ore bodies are very large. Beside molybdenum, the mine has also produced tin (from cassiterite), tungsten (from hübnerite), and pyrite as by-products.
The Climax deposit is one of a number of large molybdenum deposits in central Colorado and northern New Mexico. Other molybdenum deposits in the region include the Questa mine in New Mexico, and the Henderson and Urad mines near Empire, Colorado.
Mining.
Mining is principally by "sub-level induced panel caving", a method that removes ore by undercutting the base of a panel in the ore deposit, causing the rock above to break and drop down in a controlled manner. The method allowed economical extraction of the large low-grade ore deposit. 
The ore is crushed on-site, and the molybdenite is separated from the waste material by froth flotation, which mixes pulverized ore into a slurry of air, water, surfactants, and other chemicals. 
The large quantities of waste slurry flows into nearby "reservoirs" on the adjacent stream drainage to the north. Most of the liquid is drained and the remaining solid pulverized minerals and waste are called "tailings". When full—as seen from the highway,— these tailings reservoirs look quite striking; something like a cross between a "reservoir" and a dammed mountain meadow. The Climax tailing impoundment now covers several square miles.
Geography.
The Climax mine is located at (39.365890,-106.185780) at an elevation of about 11,360 feet (3465 meters). It is located on Fremont Pass along the Continental Divide.
Remediation and Reclamation.
About 20 different federal or state agencies affected Climax operations, including the U.S. EPA, the U.S. Forest Service, and the Bureau of Land Management. 
In 1991, the mine declared the Storke Level ore abandoned, no more ore could be extracted profitably, so the company redirected its focus to other things, such as open-pit reclamation, the haulage of open-pit waste to the tailings dam, and hydromulching, among others. Climax also started the reclamation of a particular highly acidic tailing pond at the head of the Eagle River drainage. It sold the water rights to a company from Vail and started the process of removing and neutralizing the acid tailings to convert the pond to a freshwater reservoir. To do this, they used a “hydrology mining” process to extract the tailings from the bedrock it had been sitting on for several decades. This process converted the compacted tailings to a water slurry that could be easily piped into a pond where it would be chemically neutralized. 
In 1994, the mine labor force was reduced to 24 employees who were working on five different tasks, including treating water and maintaining environmental quality, environmental reclamation and development of water resources.
Ground surface subsidence started around 1920 on Bartlett mountain. By 2001, the subsidence area covered about 100 acres on Bartlett mountain. Around the open-pit, caved ground combined with winter avalanches and high vertical pit walls make the West side of the mountain even more susceptible to collapse. Also, the cracks through the rocks created by shifting blocks allow ground water to infiltrate into the working tunnels. This ground water increased the potential for acid rock drainage from the mine.

</doc>
<doc id="20604936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604936" title="Torra di Lozari">
Torra di Lozari

The Torra di Lozari is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Belgodère (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604939" title="Inside Entertainment">
Inside Entertainment

Inside Entertainment is an entertainment news program. The show airs on Fox and features national acts. The show is hosted by AFTRA actor Robert Savage. Inside Entertainment tapes at various locations throughout Connecticut, New York and Massachusetts. Each episode consists of interviews with people involved in the entertainment industry as well as discussions about the industry and runs for approximately 28 minutes with commercials.

</doc>
<doc id="20604941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604941" title="Torra di Meria">
Torra di Meria

The Torra di Meria is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Meria (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604944" title="Torra di Micalona">
Torra di Micalona

It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604948" title="Torra di Miomu">
Torra di Miomu

The Torra di Miomu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Santa-Maria-di-Lota.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604953" title="Hesket, Victoria">
Hesket, Victoria

Hesket is a locality in the Macedon Ranges Shire, in Victoria, Australia on the northern side of the Mount Macedon Range.
The settlement was originally known as Ferny Creek.
Hesket Post Office opened on 1 November 1866 and closed in 1971.
Today the locality consists of the Hesket Primary School (State School 1004) and the Hesket-Kerrie CFA fire station.

</doc>
<doc id="20604954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604954" title="Torra di Mortella">
Torra di Mortella

The Torra di Mortella is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located on Mortella (Myrtle) Point in the commune of Saint-Florent, Haute-Corse. It was a progenitor of the numerous Martello towers the British built in the 19th century throughout their empire.
On 7 February 1794, two British warships, (74 guns) and (32 guns), unsuccessfully attacked the tower at Mortella Point; the tower eventually fell to land-based forces under Sir John Moore after two days of heavy fighting. 
Late in the previous year, the tower's French defenders had abandoned it after (32 guns) had fired two broadsides at it. Then the French were easily able to dislodge the garrison of Corsican patriots that had replaced them. Still, the British were impressed by the effectiveness of the tower when properly supplied and defended and copied the design. However, they got the name wrong, misspelling "Mortella" as "Martello". When the British withdrew from Corsica in 1803, they, with great difficulty, blew up the tower, leaving it in an unusable state.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604960" title="Torra di Munticellu">
Torra di Munticellu

The Torra di Munticellu is a tower on the island of Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604968" title="Torra di Negru">
Torra di Negru

The Torra di Negru is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Olmeta-di-Capocorso.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20604971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604971" title="Torra di Nonza">
Torra di Nonza

The Torra di Nonza is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Nonza.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France since 1926.
The tower of Nonza is famous throughout Corsica for its siege in 1768, during the war between Pasquale Paoli's independent Corsica and France. The troops protecting the village of Nonza had been taken prisoners by the French troops north of the village, but the commander of the troops had remained in the tower.
It is said that he managed to make the French troops believe in a fierce resistance during the siege, so that the latter would agree in his conditions for surrender, that were to let him join the rest of Paoli's troops, and to grant him the military honours.
When he came out alone of the tower, the French commander, stunned, asked where the troops were. He is said to have answered : "here is the commander and the troop"

</doc>
<doc id="20604976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604976" title="Torra d'Ulmetu">
Torra d'Ulmetu

The Torra d'Ulmetu () is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Monacia-d'Aullène.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604980" title="Torra d'Omigna">
Torra d'Omigna

The Torra d'Omigna is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Cargèse (Corse-du-Sud).
The tower of Omigna was one of a series of coastal defences built by the Republic of Genoa between 1551 and 1611 to stem the attacks by Barbary pirates. The Omigna tower was built between 1605 and 1606 under the direction of Giacomo della Piana. In 1993 it was listed as one of the Official Historical Monuments of France. It was restored in 2009 and visitors can now climb up onto the roof.

</doc>
<doc id="20604981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604981" title="James Miller (playwright)">
James Miller (playwright)

James Miller (1703–1744) was an English playwright, poet, librettist, and minister.
Biography.
Miller was born in Dorset, the son of a clergyman who possessed two considerable livings in the county. He studied at Wadham College in Oxford, and while there wrote part of his famous comedy, "The humours of Oxford", which contained music by Richard Charke and was first performed on January 9, 1730 to great success. 
Miller's family was somewhat unsupportive of his theatrical endeavors. They had wanted him to pursue a career in business but Miller showed a reversion to such a path. He therefore was persuaded to follow in his father's profession as a minister, taking holy orders soon after he left Wadham. Miller became a lecturer at Trinity College, Conduit Street and a preacher at Roehampton Chapel. The livings for these positions however did not provide for the lifestyle that Miller was accustomed to, so he continued to write for the stage to supplement his income. This decision was met by some hostility by his colleagues in the church and his career as a clergymen suffered to some extent. Regardless, he went on to write eight more plays, many of which were premièred at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, and contained incidental music by Thomas Arne.
Miller died in 1744. He was married and had one son.
Works.
Miller wrote mostly comedies for the stage and he was known for his use of intelligent parody and wry wit. His known dramatic works include: "The humours of Oxford" (1730), "The Mother-in-Law, or the Doctor the Disease" (1733), "The Man of Taste" (1736), "Universal Passion" (1736), "Art and Nature" (1737), "The Coffee-House" (1737), "An Hospital for Fools" (1739), "The Picture, or Cuckold in Conceit" (1745), and "Mahomet the Impostor" (1744). He also wrote the libretto to George Frideric Handel's "Joseph and his Brethren" (1744) and translated Molière's comedies for their first publication into the English language.
Miller was also a celebrated and prolific poet, of which the satirical poem "Harlequin Horace" is his most well known work. Miller dedicated the poem to its subject, Mr. Rich, who was the manager of the Covent Garden Theatre at that time. The poem, an ironic portrait and arch mockery of Rich, was payback to a man who had offended Miller. Several of his poems were published in "Gentleman's Magazine".
Miller also contributed some religious writings, publishing a volume of his sermons. His sermons display an air of distinguished piety, and a zeal for the interest of what Miller called 'true religion'.

</doc>
<doc id="20604988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604988" title="Torra d'Orchinu">
Torra d'Orchinu

The Torra d'Orchinu is a ruined Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Cargèse (Corse-du-Sud).
The tower was one of a series of coastal defences constructed by the Republic of Genoa between 1551 and 1611 to stem the attacks by Barbary pirates. The Orchinu tower was built between 1605 and 1606 under the direction of Giacomo della Piana.
Unlike other Genoese towers such as the Torra d'Omigna on the next headland to the south, the Torra d'Orchinu is not listed as one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20604997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20604997" title="Torra di Padulella">
Torra di Padulella

The Torra di Padulella is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of San-Nicolao.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605002" title="Torra di Pelusella">
Torra di Pelusella

The Torra di Pelusella is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Appietto.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605009" title="Torra di Petranera">
Torra di Petranera

The Torra di Petranera is a tower in Corsica, located in the commune of San-Martino-di-Lota. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605016" title="Torra di Pinareddu">
Torra di Pinareddu

The Torra di Pinareddu () is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Zonza.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France since 1991.
The tower was built in the second half of the 16th century,

</doc>
<doc id="20605029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605029" title="Torra di Poghju">
Torra di Poghju

The Torra di Poghju () is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Ersa, Haute-Corse.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605033" title="Torra di Portu">
Torra di Portu

The Torra di Portu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, near the village of Porto, in the commune of Ota (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605035" title="Nellie (sloop)">
Nellie (sloop)

Nellie is an Oyster Sloop located at Mystic Seaport in Mystic, Connecticut, United States. "Nellie" was built in 1891 in Smithtown, New York and was used for oyster dredging in Long Island Sound. Mystic Seaport acquired her in 1964 to add to their collection of watercraft.

</doc>
<doc id="20605036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605036" title="Torra di Portu di Sia">
Torra di Portu di Sia

The Torra di Portu di Sia is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605037" title="The Gowanus Yacht Club">
The Gowanus Yacht Club

The Gowanus Yacht Club is a beer garden located in the Carroll Gardens region of Brooklyn, New York City,located on the corner of Smith Street and President Street.
History.
The outdoor beer garden was first opened early summer 2002, it rests on the vacant lot between "Bagles by The Park" and the entrance to the "F" and "G" train station on Smith Street. The garden opened its doors to the young hipster crowd, which was slowly taking over the predominately Italian neighborhood. Partial owners Alan Harding and Jim Mamary, said to be the pioneers developing an empire in Brooklyn, opened the Gowanus Yacht Club and similar restaurants along smith street and in the South Brooklyn region. In years before this Smith Street was not known for its cafés and boutiques, but for its excessive crime rate. Famous guests have included Alicia Goranson and other young celebrities native to South Brooklyn .
Description.
"The Gowanus Yacht Club" is actually anything but a Yacht Club, the space it occupies is roughly , and it is completely landlocked. It is in fact named after the Gowanus Canal which is a far four blocks away. however if you walk to the Canal don't expect to see any yachts, the Canal has been shut to most traffic except industrial containers. This is one of the contributing factors to the decor of the Gowanus Yacht Club, old buoys and water skis are strapped and hung from a giant tent which covers half the space and provides the only rain protection at this all outdoor establishment. Patrons are expected to seat themselves at old picnic tables, church pews and wooden fold out chairs. Screwed to the top of every third table is a makeshift umbrella stand providing essential shade during the 5 months this seasonal bar remains open, during the off season they sell Christmas Trees. The Gowanus Yacht Club has also recently equipped the patio with a misting system to make sure there isn't a summer day too hot for a cold beer. The down side to the establishment is its bathroom, there is now one bathroom downstairs with a public slop sink. In years past the bathroom was a port-a-potty around the back, the first year it was built downstairs it didn't have a door, but in recent years it has become much more desirable, including a chalk board allowing customers to voice their opinions.
Beer List.
The drink menu at the Gowanus Yacht Club tends to change from year to year. It is always made up of eight beers on tap, four of which are craft beers and often from local brewers, a dozen bottle and can options, and a house red and white wine. Non-alcoholic drinks are usually very limited.
Menu.
The Gowanus Yacht club contains a very limited menu, lacking a full kitchen all items are cooked on a charcoal barbecue. The menu includes hamburgers, cheeseburgers which can be made both single and double stacked, along with a vegan patty. They also serve kielbasa, knackwurst, and swojska, all Brooklyn made polish sausage. The hot dog list includes a spicy hot dog, a Black Angus hot dog, a tofu dog, and a turkey hot dog. A variety of home made special toppings are also available, excluding lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise. For sides they serve, nachos and cheese, Brooklyn backyard grown half sour pickles, and a bag of peanuts.
Staff.
Alan Harding, co-owner and ex-host of discovery channels "Cookin' in Brooklyn", leads a staff of young employees,who lose their job every winter and are rehired around early May.

</doc>
<doc id="20605041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605041" title="Torra di Punta Caldanu">
Torra di Punta Caldanu

The Torra di Punta Caldanu is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605043" title="Torra di Punta d'Arcu">
Torra di Punta d'Arcu

The Torra di Punta d'Arcu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Borgo, Haute-Corse.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605047" title="Torra di Punta Mortella">
Torra di Punta Mortella

The Torra di Punta Mortella is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605051" title="Torra di Porrata">
Torra di Porrata

The Torra di Porrata is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605061" title="Torra di Roccapina">
Torra di Roccapina

The Torra di Roccapina is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Sartène (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605063" title="A Future for the Michel">
A Future for the Michel

A Future for the Michel ("Eine Zukunft für den Michel") is a compilation album supporting charity by Moya Brennan and Schiller. The album was released in December 2005 to raise money for St. Michel's Church in Hamburg. The compilation features collaborations between the two artists and solo works. 
All profits from the compilation have gone to the church in order to have it restored and kept open.
Only a limited number were released. 

</doc>
<doc id="20605065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605065" title="Torra di Roglianu">
Torra di Roglianu

The Torra di Roglianu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Rogliano, Haute-Corse in the Cap Corse.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France since 1935.
The tower was built in 1524 by Francesco de Negroni.

</doc>
<doc id="20605070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605070" title="Torra di Sacru">
Torra di Sacru

The Torra di Sacru is a tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Branco, in the Cap Corse (Haute-Corse).
The tower was built in 1750.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605072" title="Torra di Sagone">
Torra di Sagone

The Torra di Sagone is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Vico (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605077" title="Torra di Saleccia">
Torra di Saleccia

The Torra di Saleccia is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Monticello (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605080" title="Gahan">
Gahan

Gahan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20605086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605086" title="Torra di San Benedettu">
Torra di San Benedettu

The Torra di San Benedettu or Torra di Cala Rossa is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Lecci (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605088" title="Turn My Swag On">
Turn My Swag On

"Turn My Swag On" is a song written and recorded by American rapper Soulja Boy. It was released in January 2009 as the third single from his 2008 album "iSouljaBoyTellem". It was performed at the 2009 BET Awards. The song topped the US Rap Charts and peaked at number 19 on the Hot 100. it has so far sold over 1,000,000 digital downloads in the US. It became Soulja Boy's third song to sell 1 million or more downloads, after "Kiss Me Thru The Phone" and "Crank Dat (Soulja Boy)".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Matt Alonzo and shot at roger flouton house in Beverly Hills.
The music video peaked at number 1 on the Top 10 countdown of BET's "106 & Park". The video follows the theme of the song, with Soulja Boy Tellem appearing in the house while singing the song. It was leaked to YouTube before its official release date. The video ranked at number 5 on BET's Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009 countdown.
Remixes and in popular culture.
The official remix has a new verse by Soulja Boy and features Lil' Wayne using the Auto-Tune effect. The song was leaked onto the internet and YouTube on February 12, 2009. This remix charted at number 65 on the US Hot 100 Airplay Chart.
R. Kelly, Yung L.A., Jim Jones, Jadakiss, Rochelle Perts, Maino, Fabolous, Young Jeezy, Chingo Bling, Gucci Mane, Busta Rhymes, Keri Hilson, Teairra Mari, Tyga and Chamillionaire have made their own freestyles to the song. New R&B group Richgirl have made their own cover to the song. In December 2010 teen rapper Izzy Moss released a song onto the internet titled "Touchdown" in response to Soulja Boy's "Turn My Swag On", in which he mimick's the use of Soulja Boy's phrase "Turn my swag on" in the chorus of his song. Willow Smith also followed the trend and used the phrase "Turn my swag on" in her hit single "Whip My Hair" in mid-2010.
Lil' Kim & Teyana Taylor added on to Keri Hilson's dime diva remix, eliminating Keri's verses and replacing them with a verse each of their own. Keri is kept on the chit.
Atlanta Hip-hop producer Greg Street created a remix of the song on 2009, combining Keri Hilson & Yung L.A.'s freestyles with the Soulja Boy original, which reached number 17 on the UK Singles Chart in September 2010. It can be found on his 2009 mixtape album "Sertified Worldwide". It received interest after the Keri Hilson version was covered by Cher Lloyd on the seventh series of "The X Factor" and the only version available to download with Keri Hilson was the Greg Street version.
In the late summer of 2010, released Austria rapper Money Boy a cover version titled "Dreh den Swag auf" with German lyrics. The music video of it has been watched 18 million times on YouTube and that created a big media hype for Money Boy.
Track listing.
CD single
Digital download
Use as a bat song in MLB.
A number of professional baseball players have used or are currently using the song as their at bat song, including: Ryan Braun of the Milwaukee Brewers, Manny Burriss of the San Francisco Giants, Hanley Ramírez of the Florida Marlins, Brandon Phillips of the Cincinnati Reds, Carlos Ruiz of the Philadelphia Phillies, Marcus Thames of the Detroit Tigers, Andruw Jones of the Texas Rangers, Matt Kemp of the Los Angeles Dodgers, Ryan Garko of the San Francisco Giants, Nick Swisher of the New York Yankees, Ian Stewart of the Colorado Rockies, Adam Jones of the Baltimore Orioles, Jack Cust of the Oakland Athletics, Coco Crisp of the Oakland Athletics, Ryan Howard of the Philadelphia Phillies, and Nick Green of the Boston Red Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="20605089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605089" title="Torra di San Ciprianu">
Torra di San Ciprianu

The Torra di San Ciprianu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Lecci (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605090" title="Torra di San Fiurenzu">
Torra di San Fiurenzu

The Torra di San Fiurenzu is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605092" title="Torra di San Pellegrinu">
Torra di San Pellegrinu

The Torra di San Pellegrinu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Penta-di-Casinca.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605097" title="Torra di San Vincenzu">
Torra di San Vincenzu

The Torra di San Vincenzu or Torra di Pianosa is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Occhiatana (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605098" title="Torra di Sant' Amanza">
Torra di Sant' Amanza

The Torra di Sant' Amanza is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Bonifacio (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605102" title="Torra di Santa Maria Chjapella">
Torra di Santa Maria Chjapella

The Torra di Santa Maria Chjapella is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Rogliano, Haute-Corse.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605104" title="Torra di Scalu">
Torra di Scalu

The Torra di Scalu is a tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Pino, Haute-Corse.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605109" title="Torra di Seneca">
Torra di Seneca

The Torra di Seneca () is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Luri, Haute-Corse.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France since 1840.

</doc>
<doc id="20605113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605113" title="Spratleys Japs">
Spratleys Japs

Spratleys Japs was a British psychedelic rock band formed by Cardiacs leader Tim Smith and Joanne Spratley. The band is known to have been inspired by the sound of a malfunctioning Mellotron loaned to Tim Smith by Planet Mellotron coordinator Andy Thompson. The Mellotron is used extensively on the Spratleys Japs recordings. (It has since been repaired).
The band's lineup was Tim Smith (bass guitar, vocals, Mellotron), Joanne Spratley (vocals, flugelhorn, Theremin), Heidi Murphy (electronics devices and synthesisers), Mark Donovan (guitar) and Viv Sherriff (drums). Murphy, Donovan and Sherriff were allegedly members of a band called the Rev-Ups, which initially formed near Mexico but subsequently moved to the New Forest area of England. (As Spratleys Japs have never played live and the Rev-Ups members have not been seen in public, it's possible that both they and the original band are fictional).
The band has released one album - 1998's Pony - and one single - 1999's "Hazel". Both of these were released on Smith's own All My Eye And Betty Martin Music label. There have been no further releases since then.
Joanne Spratley went on to work with Christian Hayes' project MIKROKOSMOS.

</doc>
<doc id="20605117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605117" title="Suzuki LT-R450 (race ready)">
Suzuki LT-R450 (race ready)

The Suzuki LT-R450 was introduced to the Suzuki ATV family in 2006. The LT-R450 was the first stock ATV that was race ready out of the box. Since the LT-R450s beginning there have been over 100+ upgrades added to the machine. the last lt-r450 was purchased by austin gray
When Suzuki introduced the LT-R450 it was the first of the four major sport ATVs to be fuel injected (Cannondale's FX400 was the first in 2001).
The LT-R450 features an exhaust system that exits in the middle of the rear end of the ATV. The LT-R450 has low ground clearance and a wide stance. 
See also.
Motocross
All-terrain vehicle

</doc>
<doc id="20605124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605124" title="Torra di Senetosa">
Torra di Senetosa

The Torra di Senetosa is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Sartène (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605127" title="Torra di Solenzara">
Torra di Solenzara

The Torra di Solenzara is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605132" title="Torra di Spanu">
Torra di Spanu

The Torra di Spanu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Lumio (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605135" title="Torra di Sponsaglia">
Torra di Sponsaglia

The Torra di Sponsaglia is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located between the communes of Bonifacio and Porto-Vecchio (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605139" title="Torra di Tizzà">
Torra di Tizzà

The Torra di Tizzà (or Tizzano) is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Sartène (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605142" title="Gelila Bekele">
Gelila Bekele

Gelila Bekele (born September 4,1986) is an Ethiopian model, humanitarian and social activist. 
Modeling Career.
Bekele is signed with Ford Models, and has appeared on several ad campaigns for Levi's, Pantene, L'oreal, and Colgate, and has appeared in "Essence", "Marie Claire", "Allure", "Lucky" and various fashion magazines. She is also featured in many other print ads, and has appeared in several runway shows.
Philanthropy.
Gelila is also a humanitarian and social activist. With the success and celebrity afforded to her through her work as a recognizable model, Bekele devotes much of her time to aiding people around the world through her charity involvement with groups that help those living in third world nations attain fundamental natural resources like water. Some of the charities Gelila is involved with include and A Glimmer of Hope.

</doc>
<doc id="20605144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605144" title="Torra di Toga">
Torra di Toga

The Torra di Toga is a tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Bastia. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605148" title="Torra di Turghju">
Torra di Turghju

The Torra di Turghju or Torra di Capu Russu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Piana, in the Calanques de Piana (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605150" title="Torra di Vallitone">
Torra di Vallitone

The Torra di Vallitone is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605156" title="Torra di Vignale">
Torra di Vignale

The Torra di Vignale is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605159" title="Torra di Castellare">
Torra di Castellare

The Torra di Castellare is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Pietracorbara (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605161" title="Atchison Storage Facility">
Atchison Storage Facility

The Atchison Storage Facility, commonly known as the "Atchison Caves" is a 2.7 million square foot underground storage facility in a former pillar limestone mine below the ground in the Missouri River bluffs at Atchison, Kansas. The bunker complex was a secure U.S. government storage facility from World War II until 2013. In April of 2013 it was privatized and sold to a private investor from Springfield, Missouri. The proposed uses of the facility include storage, miscellaneous business uses (Mo-Kan Underground Business Center and Citadel Caverns), an amusement complex (Extreme Underground) and a doomsday bunker (Vivos Survival Shelter and Resort). 
The facility which is adjacent to Jackson Park in Atchison has 125 acres of above ground land and 60 acres of underground storage space and has been called the "World's Largest One-Level Storage Facility"
History.
In 1886, George W. Kerford began to quarry limestone from the large bluffs 2 miles (3.2 km) south of downtown Atchison, Kansas. Initially, the company produced riprap for the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad, one of several railroads that traveled through the area. The Kerford Quarry Company's operations at the site resulted in a series of large caverns supported by pillars of unmined rock. The mines in the quarry grew to encompass more than 60 acreas of underground space.
World War II.
During the Second World War, the United States War Food Administration was tasked with collecting and storing reserve farm products to support the war effort. A businessman in Atchison suggested to them that the Kerford Mines would be an ideal facility to store perishables due to the constant temperature and humidity in the caverns. In July 1944, the Kerford Quarry Company stopped their mining operations and began to lease the facility to the government for the sum of US$20,000 each year.
The government immediately began renovations, spending nearly $2 million to create a refrigerated storage facility where the temperature would be maintained at 32 degrees. The War Food Administration stored perishables including meat, fruits, vegetables, dairy products and eggs in the facility. By 1949, reports indicate that the Atchison Storage Facility held nearly 9,000 tons of eggs, 20,000 tons of prunes, 1,000 tons of raisins and nearly 50 tons of milk.
The Cold War.
In the years leading up to World War II, the Army Ordnance Department suffered from a shortage of the specialized production machine tools. These highly specialized tools were necessary to make the increasingly complex weapons used in modern battles. In the drawdown following the war, the Army began to stockpile these tools to be held in reserve status to be used in the event of another national mobilization.
The Atchison Storage Facility, with its constant temperature, low humidity and protection from the building threat of nuclear weapons. was chosen to be part of the Ordnance Corps Production Equipment Readiness Program. The tools were held in a state of readiness, to be shipped nationwide to manufacturers in the event of a national emergency.
In 1952, the facility was renamed the United States Storage Facility- Atchison Caves. The Army converted two of the largest mines (more than of underground space) into storage areas with the installation of concrete block walls, concrete floors, electrical lighting, sump pumps, air handling equipment and an extensive dehumidification system. To facilitate moving the large machine tools in and out of the storage facility a truck receiving dock was built near the entrance, a railroad spur and dock were constructed and dock facilities for barges were established on the Missouri River.
In addition, a shop to refurbish and maintain the machine tools was established at the facility. At its peak, a private contractor was responsible for maintaining more than 5,000 machine tools in the reserve facility.
In 1977, the facility was transferred to the Defense Logistics Agency and it was renamed as the Atchison Storage Facility. It was later used to store surplus parachutes (more than 8,500), medical supplies and important defense department documents, plans and computer files. Documents classified as "Secret" were securely stored inside two large vaults.
Until 2013 it was operated by the Army Reserve's 88th Regional Support Command in Fort McCoy, Wisconsin. Defense Department documents listed the facility's use as storage and training. They list the size of the facility as above ground and below ground. In the 1990s some hazardous materials were identified at a former landfill at the site. Extensive site remediation was conducted and groundwater monitoring is being conducted in cooperation with the State of Kansas.
Privitization.
In April 2013 the entire facility and property were sold via an online GSA Auction. The final sales price was $510,001.00. The new owner, Coby Cullins, is a businessman from Springfield, MO. The facility is currently undergoing extensive renovations and will be used as an underground business complex that will house a wide variety of commercial and industrial businesses. Businesses inside the facility include Citadel Caverns, MO-KAN Underground, Vivos, and Extreme Underground.
Vivos Survival Shelter and Resort.
In the summer of 2013, the California company Vivos under Robert Vicino agreed to purchase a portion of the facility and intends to convert it to what it calls "the world's largest doomsday shelter" to accommodate "5,000 people living in up to 1,500 RVs. Customers will buy a spot and pay $1,000 per lineal foot of their vehicle. A 25-foot-long RV would cost $25,000 plus a $1,500 charge per person to pay for a year's worth of provided food and toiletries." It is to have indoor golfing, a bowling alley and swimming pool complete with a water slide. There will also be blast doors and an air filtration and ventilation system.

</doc>
<doc id="20605168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605168" title="Torra di l'Isuledda">
Torra di l'Isuledda

The Torra di l'Isuledda () is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Pietrosella (Corse-du-Sud). It was constructed in 1608.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20605201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605201" title="The Great Revival (album)">
The Great Revival (album)

The Great Revival is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Stuck Mojo, released by Napalm Records on November 28, 2008.
Music and lyrics.
"The Great Revival" contains what has been described as some of the band's heaviest work, as well as some of the band's most "commercially-tinged songs". According to guitarist Rich Ward, "For this album I actually started with 19 song ideas, some really heavy and some much more melodic and experimental. The songs that made the album were the ones that came together by the deadline I had to meet for the release, leaving six or seven great song foundations for the next album." "Country Road" was based upon John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads". Ward built a new song around the chorus of Denver's song.
Reception.
The album received a negative review from Blabbermouth.net. Martin Popoff reviewed the album positively.

</doc>
<doc id="20605210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605210" title="Glarentza">
Glarentza

Glarentza () is a medieval town located near the site of modern Kyllini in Elis, Greece. Founded in the mid-13th century by William II of Villehardouin, it served as the main port and mint of the Principality of Achaea, being located next to the Principality's capital, Andravida. Commerce with Italy brought great prosperity, but the town began to decline in the early 15th century as the Principality itself declined. In 1428, Glarentza was ceded to the Byzantine Despotate of the Morea, and served as its co-capital, being the residence of one of the Palaiologos despots, until the Ottoman conquest in 1460. Under Ottoman rule, Glarentza declined rapidly as the commercial links with Italy were broken, and by the 16th century was abandoned and falling into ruin. Little remains of the town today: traces of the city wall, of a church and a few other buildings, as well as the silted-up harbour.
History.
Glarentza was founded in the mid-13th century by William II of Villehardouin, the ruler of the Principality of Achaea, a Frankish state established after the Fourth Crusade and encompassing the Peloponnese or Morea peninsula in southern Greece. Its Frankish foundation is evident in its name, "Clarence" or "Clairence" in French, "Chiarenza" or "Clarenza" in Italian, "Clarentia" or "Clarencia" in Latin, rendered Κλαρέντσα (Klarentsa), Κλαρίντζα (Klarintza), or Γλαρέντζα (Glarentza) in contemporary Greek documents. 
The medieval town was located a bit further west of the modern village of Kyllini, on the northern tip of the westernmost peninsula of the Peloponnese. This was a site known since Antiquity as the best anchorage in all of Elis, and was likely the site of ancient city of Cyllene. Glarentza was established as the haven for the Principality's capital, located inland at Andravida, some away. Along with Andravida and the fortress of Clermont or Chlemoutsi, some from the port, Glarentza formed the administrative heart of the Principality of Achaea.
Glarentza profited from its location and became the main port for communication and traffic between the Morea and Italy. It was a cosmopolitan city, with emissaries from Italy, soldiers and merchants, chiefly Venetians. Trade brought great prosperity, as evidenced by the fact that it used its own system of weights and measures in the 14th century, and the town rapidly established itself as the Principality's main financial and urban centre, in the words of A. Bon, "the agglomeration which should most resemble, by its activity, a city in the modern sense of the word". It featured a hospital as well as banks, lodgings for the mariners, a Franciscan monastery. The town was also the site of the princely mint, which from the 13th century until its cessation in 1353 struck "denier tournois" or "tornese" coins, inscribed initially with " CLARENTIA", and, from the reign of Florent of Hainaut, with "DE CLARENCIA". Although Andravida was the main residence of the princely court, Glarentza too was a location of political significance, and several parliaments and assemblies took place there, such as the adjudication on the inheritance of the Barony of Akova in 1276, or the parliament and oath of allegiance to Isabella of Villehardouin and Florent of Hainaut in 1289. Glarentza was surrounded by a set of walls, but scholars have long disputed exactly when this was done. The debate concerns the relation between Glarentza and the nearby fortress of Clermont/Chlemoutsi, which in the view of those who consider Glarentza to have originally been unfortified served as the town's citadel, in which case this was probably the original site of the mint, whence its alternative name of ""Castel Tornese"".
In June 1315, Glarentza was captured by the Aragonese troops of the "infante" Ferdinand of Majorca, who claimed the princely title of Achaea for himself. Ferdinand made Glarentza his residence, and soon seized all of Elis, aided by the defection of several barons. His reign however was cut short with the arrival of the legitimate claimants, Matilda of Hainaut and Louis of Burgundy, who defeated the Aragonese in the Battle of Manolada on 5 July 1316. Ferdinand was killed, and the remainder of his army soon handed over Glarentza and the other fortresses they had occupied and departed the Peloponnese, taking the corpse of Ferdinand with them.
The town's decline began in the early 15th century, following the worsening fortunes of the Principality itself. At that time, Achaea, under Prince Centurione II Zaccaria, found itself endangered by the attacks of the Byzantines of the Despotate of the Morea on the one hand and the expansionist designs of the Tocco family of Cephalonia and Zakynthos on the other. In late 1407, Centurione's own brother-in-law Leonardo II Tocco seized Glarentza and reaped an enormous booty, as recorded in the "Chronicle of the Tocco". It took several years of conflicts and diplomatic manoeuvrings before a Venetian-mediated deal restored the city to Centurione in July 1414. In 1417, the Byzantines under the Despot Theodore II Palaiologos and his brother John VIII Palaiologos, launched another attack on the remains of the Principality. The brothers made swift progress, forcing Prince Centurione to retire to Glarentza, which was unsuccessfully attacked by the Byzantines. A truce was concluded in 1418, but in the same year, an Italian adventurer, Olivier Franco, seized the town, which he soon sold to Carlo I Tocco, Leonardo's elder brother. 
With Glarentza in their hands, the Tocchi now began to openly pursue their aspirations in the Peloponnese, and attacked the territories of the Latin Archbishop of Patras Stephen Zaccaria, Centurione's brother. In 1427 the Byzantines, led by emperor John VIII in person, attacked the Tocco lands in the Peloponnese. After the Byzantine fleet defeated his navy, Carlo was forced to submit, and in 1428, Glarentza was handed over as part of the dowry of his niece, Maddalena, who was married to the Despot Constantine Palaiologos (the future last Byzantine emperor). When Constantine besieged Patras in 1429, a Catalan fleet that came to the city's aid captured Glarentza, forcing Constantine to ransom it back. He then destroyed its fortifications, so that it could no longer be seized and used by a western power. 
In 1430, following the final subjugation of the Principality of Achaea by the Byzantines, the Peloponnese was divided into appanages among the various Palaiologos princes. Glarentza became the residence of Thomas Palaiologos until 1432, when he exchanged his portion with Constantine, who had originally settled at Kalavryta. In 1446, Glarentza and its surrounding region were raided by the Ottoman Turks under Sultan Murad II, and in 1460, it fell to the Ottomans along with the remainder of the Byzantine Peloponnese. Although nearby Chlemoutsi continued to play a role as a military stronghold until the 19th century—it was garrisoned by the Venetians during the Ottoman–Venetian War of 1463–79, attacked by the Knights of Malta in 1620—Glarentza itself seems to have rapidly fallen into obscurity under the Ottomans, apparently declining as the maritime links with Italy were severed. By the 16th century, it was already abandoned and half-ruined. The ruins were described by successive travellers until the 19th century, and photos were also taken later. During the German occupation of Greece in World War II, the German Army demolished the remains.
Some believe that Glarentza (in its Latin form, Clarentia/Clarencia) gave its name to the royal English title of the ""Duke of Clarence"", via Princess Matilda of Hainaut and her cousin Philippa of Hainaut.
Location and archaeological remains.
The town of Glarentza was situated on a small plateau, sloping slightly downwards from west to east, at the extreme northwestern end of the peninsula known in Antiquity as Chelonatas. The town occupied an irregular shape of ca. 450 m from east to west and 350 m from north to south, i.e. a surface of ca. 8,800 m2. The northern and western sides of the town bordered on the sea and were protected by a cliff of some 50 m in height descending to the sea. The port was located in the north, shielded from the dangerous western and southwestern winds.
There are very few material remains of the medieval town today. The city wall that surrounded the settlement has largely disappeared and is difficult to trace today, but from the remains of its foundations it does not appear to have been a substantial fortification. It was lightly built, with a thickness of perhaps 1.8–2 m, reinforced by rectangular towers. The three gates have left far more substantial remains. The eastern, southeastern and southern sides were fronted by a ditch of some 20–22 m, with the excavated soil dumped on the inner side and used to elevate the city wall. A small citadel was located in the southwestern corner of the town. The port was separated from the main town by a wall, and was situated in an excavated basin (today a swamp) and probably separated from the sea by an artificial mole and protected by extensions of the city walls. The entrance to the harbour was from the west, offering protection from both the wind and the coast's shoals. 
Among the few remains of buildings from the interior of the town, most notable are a large monumental staircase and a large church, some 43×15 m in area, in the northeast. The church was of relatively simple construction, but of unusual size, and A. Bon proposes its identification with the church of the Franciscans, where assemblies of the nobles of Achaea were held in 1276 and 1289. The remaining portions of the church's walls were completely destroyed by the German Army during the Occupation.

</doc>
<doc id="20605212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605212" title="Strange Cargo (David Van Tieghem album)">
Strange Cargo (David Van Tieghem album)

Strange Cargo is the third studio album by American electronica musician & percussionist David Van Tieghem, released in 1989. 
Strange Cargo's music has been described as more diverse by mixing funk, jazz, Asian music and progressive electronic styles, producing structured melodies and weird sounds, with numerous background effects.
Track listing.
All music composed by David Van Tieghem except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20605236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605236" title="National Press Club (New Zealand)">
National Press Club (New Zealand)

The New Zealand National Press Club, founded in 1974, is a press club based in Wellington. It has hosted many speakers including Kurt Waldheim, Prince Norodom Sihanouk, Chaim Herzog, and Ed Asner. Robert Reich has featured on their podium, as did James Reston. The Dalai Lama has appeared twice. So has Jeffrey Archer.
Information.
The club is well financed and often brings in its own speakers, mostly from the British sphere. These have included journalists Malcolm Muggeridge, Bernard Levin, and Clare Hollingworth.
Among its Lifetime Achievement Award holders are Peter Arnett and Connie Lawn, the US syndicated radio journalist who has had a long association with the country. New Zealand born war correspondent and ITV news journalist Sir Geoffrey Cox is also on the plaque.
Alistair Cooke was a speaker, and so was Sir Peter Ustinov and Glenda Jackson.
The club does not always have things its own way, and when it invited the US Ambassador of the day onto its podium, the former Senator Carol Moseley Braun insisted that the organization validate its right to describe itself as a National Press Club.
This the club did via its ties in the US, ensuring that it met such requirements that its president and vice president were practising journalists, that it never paid anyone to speak, and that anything spoken was on the record. Her Excellency duly spoke to the club.
A feature of the club is its large component of members who it describes as those of learning and curiosity, many of them being drawn from fields beyond the media. The club claims that its broad church sustains its primary purpose which is to stay a club in order to pursue its central value which is free speech.
It enjoys strong support from Members of Parliament, and it is they who act as protocol hosts for the club’s frequent proceedings held at Parliament under Bellamy's hospitality convention.
A life member is the Rt Hon. Jonathan Hunt ONZ, the former longtime Speaker of the New Zealand Parliament. Another is Connie Lawn the White House correspondent.
The current president of the New Zealand Press Club is Wellington based journalist, Peter Isaac. The long serving vice president is Peter Bush CNZM QSM, war correspondent and photo journalist.
In recent times the club has diversified its activities beyond the conventional base of hosting newsmakers and instead now takes a directly interventionist stance in spheres involving the media. This has seen the club using its influence to caution elements of academia and its funder the government about the policy of encouraging young people to take extended and expensive courses in training to become journalists at a time when the club views the industry as devolving onto a free model in which recognition and exposure will replace remuneration.
Another direction is building up its international associations most recently with the Washington National Press Club, and the International Press Club of Chicago. It has had long associations with the Foreign Correspondents Club of Hong Kong and the London Press Club. It recently formalised an association with the National Press Club of Australia.
The New Zealand club has broken with tradition in seeking to use these associations to mobilise action toward a common cause, as the club sees it. An example of this occurred when the club sought to achieve collective action in its campaign for the freedom of incarcerated Anglo-Canadian newspaper investor Conrad Black on the grounds that Black had created jobs for journalists and had a reputation for looking after the best interests of his journalists.

</doc>
<doc id="20605248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605248" title="Yasuo Suzuki">
Yasuo Suzuki


</doc>
<doc id="20605251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605251" title="Intermission EP">
Intermission EP

Intermission EP is a "between albums" disc by Canadian hip hop duo Dragon Fli Empire, released in 2008 on Makebelieve Records. As the first offering of new music from the group since 2005, the EP was designed to renew interest in the group before the release of their third full-length album Redefine. It proved to very popular on Canadian campus radio, reaching number three on the Earshot and Chart Attack hip hop charts. Two tracks from "Intermission" were nominated for Radio 3's 2008 Bucky Awards—"CGY" for Most Canadian Song and "Outside Inn" (featuring Cadence Weapon) for Best Collaboration. DFE used outside production from Moka Only, Nohow and Metawon on the EP.

</doc>
<doc id="20605279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605279" title="Damage (You Am I song)">
Damage (You Am I song)

"Damage" is the first single from the album Dress Me Slowly by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 2000 and reached number 37 on the Australian national charts and number 23 in that year's Hottest 100.
Track listing.
All songs by Tim Rogers.
"She Don't Need The Morning", "One Cent Coins" and "Open All Night" are all You Am I originals. "Open All Night" was originally titled "Dress Me Slowly" and was destined to appear on the album, but was left off as the band did not like having a song with the album's title on the album (despite having already done this on Sound As Ever and Hourly, Daily, as well as Deliverance and Dilettantes afterwards).

</doc>
<doc id="20605283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605283" title="Two Knights from Brooklyn">
Two Knights from Brooklyn

Two Knights from Brooklyn (1949) chronicles the adventures of two average "Joes" that form a Taxi company in Brooklyn, foil the infamous gangster, "The Frisco Ghost", and live through wives and girlfriend problems. 
This film was actually compiled from two of Hal Roach's Streamliners short features, both originally directed by Neumann a few years before. 
Plot Summary.
The story is a mix of two previous movies in a McGuerin series, and it picks up from the plot in "The McGuerins From Brooklyn". Taxi drivers Tim McGuerin (William Bendix) and Eddie Corbett (Joe Sawyer) gets an award for successfully expanding their company to encomprise three hundred cars, from starting out with only one when they started their business in 1928. 
During the ceremony, Corbett is asked by his newly hired young secretary, Lucy Gibbs, how he and his partner managed to achieve this goal, and there is a flashback to 1928, when McGuerin pursued the woman who would later become his wife, burlesque performing artist Sadie O'Brien (Grace Bradley). This part of the story is fetched from the other previous movie: "Taxi, Mister". While McGuerin's interest in Sadie increases, her alluring appearance also catches the eyes of notorious gangster Louis Glorio (Sheldon Leonard), and the two men become rivals in the pursuit of Sadie's interest. 
Fortunately for McGuerinn, the police discover that the gangster is the man behind the wanted anonymous criminal Frisco Ghost, and after a series of events the rivalry ends with Louis being arrested by the police.
As McGuerin tells his story to Lucy Gibbs, Sadie accidentally overhears some of the most dubious parts as the intercom is on. She becomes jealous, thinking that Lucy is trying to get her hands on her husband. Corbett gets problems too, being pursued by Marcia Morrison, who is only interested in him because his recent financial success. This sidetrack soon involves the rest of the cast and they all end up at some kind of health spa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20605302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605302" title="Hybrid lift">
Hybrid lift

A hybrid lift is a new type of ski lift that combines the elements of a chairlift and a gondola lift. First introduced by Poma, who refers to them as Telemix, they have since been copied by most lift manufacturers who refer to them by a variety of names; Doppelmayr refers to them as combined installations, while the more generic terms chondola and telecombi are also common.
Both chairs and gondolas have advantages for lift operations.
Gondolas are heavier and have lower wind restrictions, but offer protection from the elements and are particularly useful in rain or very cold conditions. They can also be used during the summer for walk-on guests, cyclists or wheelchairs, and in the winter for snowshoers. In the winter, gondolas require skiers and snowboarders to remove their equipment and walk into the cabin, which can slow the speed of operation at the ends of the lift. Chairs are lighter and can be operated in higher winds, while also generally being more comfortable and easier to board for skiers.
A hybrid lift allows cabins and chairs to be used on the same lift line, changing them as the rider load, season and weather conditions demand. To allow safe loading and unloading, stations have separate areas for the different carrier types, resembling a gondola station followed by a chairlift station, or vice versa. The overall length of the boarding area can be reduced by folding the station so that the gondolas are loaded on the "downhill" side of the ends of the lift, and the chairs on the uphill side. On most hybrid lifts, there will usually be more chairs than cabins, i.e., Sunday River (Maine)'s Chondola has 64 chairs and 16 cabins, with four chairs in between each cabin.
Hybrid lifts offer year-round versatility, increasingly important as ski resorts add summertime activities like downhill cycling and nature hiking trails.
Installations around the World.
Sweden.
Sweden's first hybrid lift was installed in Åre ski resort in Åre, Sweden. The new hybrid lift is was named 'VM 8:an' and replace the former four passenger chair lift 'Olympialiften'. The lift was installed by Leitner in 2006 and consist of 16 eight passenger gondola cabin, and 68 eight passenger chairs.
France.
In France, Poma has installed at least ten hybrid lifts, and Doppelmayr three. One being the "Mont Rond", which consist of one eight passenger gondola cabin, and three six passenger chairs. "Le Grand Cerf" in Les 7 Laux, France consists of a six passenger chair and an eight passenger gondola.
Switzerland.
In Verbier, Switzerland, lift manufacturer Leitner Ropeways installed a hybrid lift, "La Chaux Express", in 2005. The 60 cabins, manufactured by CWA, each hold 8 passengers whilst the 20 chairlifts can each hold up to 6. The result is a maximum capacity of 1950 to 2400 persons per hour. The lift also has multiple stations; the valley station at 2200m, the middle at 2484m which angles the route of the lift, allowing the second lower station at 2260m. The middle station is most commonly disembarked during the ski season as it lies in the 'middle' of the slopes. This provides a connection for skiers not willing to ascend entirely, for instance, to the Col des Gentianes (2950m).
United States.
Most recently, the Sunday River Resort has built one of these lifts, dubbing it the chondola. This particular lift consist of four six-passenger chairs, followed by one eight-passenger gondola cabin, four more chairs, another cabin, and so on.
Chondolas also exist at Northstar Resort in Lake Tahoe (hybrid between a high speed six chair and a high speed eight person gondola) and at Telluride Ski Resort in Colorado (hybrid between a high speed quad chair and a four person gondola).
Also in the United States are several lifts that can be converted as needed into gondola operations, e.g., Winter Park Resort in Colorado has a high speed quad that can run gondola cabins at night. The main lift at Whitefish Mountain Resort in Montana runs with all chairs in the winter but runs with chairs and cabins during the summer. Wildcat ski area in New Hampshire converts their quad chair to a gondola during the summer months.
In 2014, Beaver Creek Resort constructed the Centennial Chondola (a cross between a high speed six pack and a six person gondola).
Austria.
The "Sun Jet" was finished in 2008 on the mountain of Hochwurzen, Schladming.
Australia.
Australia has two ski lifts that mix gondolas and chairs. The Horse Hill Express at Mount Buller in the state of Victoria was the first, built in 1986. It has 106 chairs and 20 gondolas. The second was the 1860 metre long Crackenback (since renamed Kosciusko Express), built in 1990 at Thredbo ski resort in New South Wales. Both the hybrid ski lifts in Australia are Doppelmayrs.
Slovakia.
A telemix at the Donovaly ski resort was installed by Poma in 2005. It has 60 chairs and 10 cabins
Norway.
The ski mountain Strandafjellet installed a Leitner telemix lift in the summer of 2010. The lift has 3 six passengers chairs followed by one eight passenger gondola. The lift opened on February 12. 2011, and is the biggest chairlift in Scandinavia. The lift is 2100 metres long, has a 618 metres height difference and a capacity of 2400 pph.

</doc>
<doc id="20605304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605304" title="Free machining steel">
Free machining steel

Free machining steel is steel that forms small chips when machined. This increases the machinability of the material by breaking the chips into small pieces, thus avoiding entanglement in the machiney. This enables automatic equipment to run without human interaction. Free machining steel with lead also allow for higher machining rates. Free machining steel costs 15 to 20% more than a standard steel, but this is made up by increased machining speeds, larger cuts, and longer tool life.
The disadvantages of free machining steel are: ductility is decreased; impact resistance is reduced; copper-based brazed joints suffer from embrittlement with bismuth free machining grades; shrink fits are not as strong.
Types.
There are four main types of free machining steel: "leaded", "resulfurized", "rephosphorized and resulfurized", and "super". Super free-machining steels are alloyed with tellurium, selenium, and bismuth.
Mechanics.
Free machining steels are carbon steels that have sulfur, lead, bismuth, selenium, tellurium, or phosphorus added. Sulfur forms the compound manganese sulfide, which is soft and acts as a chip-breaking discontinuity. It also acts as a dry lubricant to prevent a built up edge on the cutting tool. Lead works in a similar way to sulfur. Bismuth achieves a free machining steel by melting into a thin film of liquid for a fraction of a microsecond to lubricate the cut. Other advantages to bismuth include: more uniformly distributed because of its similar density to iron; more environmentally friendly, as compared to lead; still weldable.

</doc>
<doc id="20605305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605305" title="Afghan Muscles">
Afghan Muscles

Afghan Muscles is a 2006 Danish documentary film directed by Andreas Møl Dalsgaard about bodybuilding in Afghanistan.
Plot.
Following the 2001 United States-led invasion and the overthrow of the Taliban government, bodybuilding has enjoyed a renaissance in Afghanistan. The film follows the lives of two Afghan bodybuilding champions, Hamidullah Shirzai and Noorulhoda Shirzad, who are part of the national team training for the 2004 Mr. Asia competition in Bahrain. Although the men enjoy celebrity status in their country, their training is hampered by a lack of financial support, problems in gaining access to the bodybuilding supplements and professional guidance that would improve their competitive performances, and the ongoing military conflict across Afghanistan. Hamid also has the added burden of being nagged by his father to settle down and marry and by the abrupt withdrawal of support by a gym owner who once encouraged his progress. The Afghan national team arrives in Bahrain for the Mr. Asia event, but the more flamboyant competitors from other countries overshadow them.
Production.
"Afghan Muscles" is the first feature-length film directed by Danish filmmaker Andreas Møl Dalsgaard (born 1980), who received a BA in social anthropology from the University of Aarhus and became a student director at the National Film School of Denmark in 2005. Dalsgaard became interested in the subject during a 2003 visit to Kabul, when he noticed large posters of scantily clad male bodybuilders around the Afghan capital. Dalsgaard spent three years following a group of bodybuilders for the film, which he later described as “a culture of young men seeking modernity in their very own way, trying to be successful and gain a name and fame in the cultural chaos of postwar Kabul.”
Release.
During a presentation of "Afghan Muscles" at the 2007 AFI Fest, Dalsgaard acknowledged that his film intentionally avoided highlighting any involvement by Afghan women in bodybuilding, either as athletes or audience members. "It's men looking at men," he stated. 
"Afghan Muscles" shared the 2007 AFI Fest Grand Jury Prize for Documentary with "Operation Filmmaker," directed by Nina Davenport. The film also played in festivals in the U.S., Europe and the Middle East. "Afghan Muscles" has been released in the U.S. on DVD by Cinema Guild.

</doc>
<doc id="20605309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605309" title="Faridpur, Multan">
Faridpur, Multan

Faridpur (), (Punjabi: ) is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Multan District at 30°3'0N 71°34'0E with an elevation of and lies southeast of the district capital, Multan.

</doc>
<doc id="20605313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605313" title="2002 Seattle Bowl">
2002 Seattle Bowl

The 2002 Seattle Bowl was the second and final edition of the college football bowl game (known for the previous 3 years as the Oahu Bowl, before moving to Seattle), and was played at Qwest Field in Seattle, Washington. The game pitted the University of Oregon Ducks from the Pac-10 and the Wake Forest University Demon Deacons from the ACC. The game was the final competition of the 2002 football season for each team and resulted in a 38–17 Wake Forest victory.

</doc>
<doc id="20605350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605350" title="Harry Larrison, Jr.">
Harry Larrison, Jr.

Harry Larrison, Jr. (May 28, 1926 – May 29, 2005) was an American Republican Party politician, who served on the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders from February 12, 1966 to December 2, 2004. The nearly 39 years that Larrison served marked the longest tenure of a Freeholder in New Jersey history.
Biography.
Freeholder Larrison was born in Neptune Township to Harry Larrison, Sr., and Dorothy Brown Larrison; he attended local schools, graduating from Neptune High School in 1945. In 1946 he joined the Ocean Grove Fire Department, where he would later serve as chief. In 1956 he was appointed to the Neptune Township Housing Authority and in 1960 Larrison was appointed to a vacancy on the Neptune Township Committee.
On February 12, 1966, Larrison was appointed to a vacancy on the Board of Chosen Freeholders caused by the resignation of Charles I. Smith; in November of that year he was elected to the first of 13 consecutive three-year terms. He would continuously serve as a freeholder until December 2, 2004, when he resigned due to failing health. 
Freeholder Larrison served as director in 1977–1978, from 1981 to 1983, and again from 1986 to 2004.
On April 27, 2005, Larrison was charged by federal prosecutors with accepting $8,500 in bribes to help developers gain approval for their projects, but died before the case was heard.
Larrison died at age 79 of cancer on May 29, 2005 at Jersey Shore University Medical Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20605354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605354" title="Get Up (You Am I song)">
Get Up (You Am I song)

"Get Up" is the second single from the album Dress Me Slowly by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 2001 and reached number 44 on the Australian national charts and number 57 in that year's Hottest 100.
Track listing.
"Older Guys", "Tourism", "Be Prepared" and "Damage" are all You Am I originals (Rogers). "Older Guys" was initially recorded for Dress Me Slowly but was left off to make way for newer songs, while "Tourism" is a demo recording of an otherwise unreleased song. "Be Prepared" is a solo Tim Rogers song. "Damage" is the same as the album and single version.

</doc>
<doc id="20605356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605356" title="Dennis P. Tarnow">
Dennis P. Tarnow

Dennis Perry Tarnow is an American dentist involved in the forefront of dental implant research. He is director of implant dentistry at Columbia University College of Dental Medicine and a world-renowned speaker on the subject of implant dentistry.
Early years and education.
Tarnow was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York and received his Bachelor's degree in biology from Brooklyn College in 1968. He wanted to be a dentist because he liked working with his hands and was fond of his own dentist when growing up. He attended NYU College of Dentistry, graduating with his DDS in 1972. After a one year GPR at Brookdale Hospital, he entered the postgraduate periodontics program at NYU, receiving his certificate in 1976. He then completed a postgraduate program in prosthodontics, also at NYU, receiving his certificate in 1978.
Career.
Tarnow is board certified in periodontics and practices at "Specialized Dentistry of New York" (SDNY), formerly "Tarnow, Fletcher, Zamzok & Smith," a large joint-specialty practice in Manhattan, since 1975.
Tarnow, who is a graduate of the New York University College of Dentistry, is a specialist in both periodontics and prosthodontics, and former chairman of the college’s Department of Periodontics and Implant Dentistry. He has written over 100 scientific papers and has co-authored or contributed chapters to several textbooks, including “Aesthetic Restorative Dentistry” (which he co-authored with SDNY’s Dr. Stephen Chu), is section editor of two dental journals and on the advisory boards of five others. One of the most sought after speakers at national and international dental implant symposiums, Tarnow is the recipient of numerous awards for his many significant contributions to dentistry. He has received the Master Clinician Award from the American Academy of Periodontology and in addition, has been honored by being named New York University’s Outstanding Teacher of the Year. In recognition of Tarnow’s exceptional achievements and his dedication to the advancement of dentistry, the New York University College of Dentistry has named its periodontal and implant dentistry postgraduate clinical wing in his honor. 
As of May 1, 2010, Tarnow is the Director of Implant Education at Columbia University College of Dental Medicine.
Personal life.
Together with his wife Karen, Tarnow has a son named Derek.

</doc>
<doc id="20605379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605379" title="Faridpur, Khanewal">
Faridpur, Khanewal

Faridpur is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Khanewal District at 30°32'0N 71°52'0E with an altitude of 121 metres (400 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20605388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605388" title="Cesar Klein">
Cesar Klein

César Klein (14 September 1876 – 13 March 1954) was a German Expressionist painter and designer, probably best known as one of the founders the November Group and the Arbeitsrat für Kunst. He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
He was born in Hamburg; when he was seventeen, his parents insisted that he be apprenticed to a craft painter. He later studied at the Hamburg School of Applied Arts, the Düsseldorf Art Academy, and the Royal Museum of Applied Arts in Berlin. In 1910, he was one of the 27 artists rejected from the Berlin Secession who responded by starting the "New Secession." Klein created lithographs and woodcuts, stained glass windows and mosaics, and murals on walls and ceilings, in addition to his easel art.
Given the practical bent of his training, Klein frequently "worked in media that appealed to a mass audience, such as architectural decoration, applied art, poster design, and theater and film design..."
In the years after World War I Klein was associated with Walter Gropius, though he turned down Gropius's offer of a teaching position at the Bauhaus. Through the 1920s and after, Klein devoted much of his work to designs for theater and film production. He was the set designer for Robert Wiene's 1920 film "Genuine", and for the 1924 production of Ernst Toller's "Hinkemann".
Klein was included in the famous Degenerate Art exhibition mounted by the Nazi regime in 1937. He was able to resume his career in theatrical design after World War II. He died in 1954, at Pansdorf near Lübeck.

</doc>
<doc id="20605392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605392" title="Ukiah High School">
Ukiah High School

Ukiah High School (also referred to as UHS or Ukiahi) is a public school in Ukiah, California. It takes pupils from 9th through 12th grade. Gordon Oslund, was just recently hired as the new principal. (2013-2014) Currently, the three assistant principals are Jerry Garcia, Jason Iversen and Christy Pedroncelli. Students come from different middle schools in Ukiah, Hopland, and other outlying areas.
Athletics.
Ukiahi offers the following sports:
Clubs.
Ukiahi has numerous student-organized and teacher-supervised student groups as of March 2010
Modernization.
In the past two years, Ukiahi has remodeled more than half of the buildings and is planning on adding new structures.

</doc>
<doc id="20605394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605394" title="List of La Corda d'Oro media">
List of La Corda d'Oro media

This is a list of all the media references in La Corda d'Oro. 
The following are the media information for the dating simulation game, manga and anime series, "Kin'iro no Corda".
Games.
The first game of the Kin'iro no Corda series was released on September 19, 2003 for PC platform. Later, it was then released for PlayStation 2 on March 18, 2004. After that, it was also released for PlayStation Portable on November 10, 2005.
On March 15, 2007, the second game was released, but only for PlayStation 2. A sequel to the second game "Kin'iro no Corda 2: Encore" was released for the same platform on September 20, 2007. The encore game added a new character, Mari Tsuzuki and made Akihiro Kira an obtainable character. Encore is like a side-game to the second game and is much shorter.
According to LaLa, the magazine where the manga is serializing has announced that a new game titled "Kin’iro no Corda 2: Forte" is set to be released for the PlayStation Portable platform. It will be released in 3 versions, a regular edition, a Premium box and the Treasure box on February 2009. There’s also a new character in the game named Kiriya Etō. 
According to the July issue of LaLa in 2009, another new game will be released in August, titled as "Kin'iro no Corda 2 Forte: Encore". Mari Tsuzuki, the new character that appeared in "Kin'iro no Corda: Encore" will also appear in the new game which was voiced by Sayaka Ōhara. Kiriya Etō, the new character in "Forte" will also appear. The new game will also include a few new events such as staying together for a training camp as well as an after school date.
Manga.
A month after the release of the PC version of Kin’iro no Corda, the manga adaptation of the game had started to serialize in Hakusensha’s monthly shōjo manga magazine of LaLa in October 2003. Yuki Kure, the person who contributed the character designs for the game, authors the manga.
In year 2006, the series has won the Outstanding Debut Award in Hakusensha Athena Newcomers' Awards.
As of March 2011, there are currently 16 volumes of the manga and it’s published under the Hakusensha's shōjo manga imprint, "Hana to Yume Comics".
The manga has been licensed by Viz Media in the United States under the title, La Corda D’oro. The first volume was released on October 3, 2006. Chuang Yi has also licensed the manga for its English release in Singapore.
"Note: The following is the ISBN and publication dates for the Japanese edition."
Source:
Anime.
The anime adaptation from the manga series, titled as ""'Kin'iro no Corda ~primo passo~ was first broadcast by TV Tokyo starting from October 2006 to March 2007. Kōjin Ochi directs the series, while Reiko Yoshida did the series composition. 
The anime is produced by Ruby Party, a sub-division in Koei that produces dating-simulation games that are targeted towards the female audience.
The anime also premiered on Animax under the title, La Corda D'Oro ~primo passo~""'. It was aired across its respective networks worldwide, including Hong Kong and Taiwan, also translating and dubbing the series into English for its English language networks in Southeast Asia and South Asia, and other regions.
The last volume of the DVD has compiled the special episode together. Even so, it has yet to be broadcast in Japan. However, it was aired on Animax’s Southeast Asia English networks. 
The series was later collected into 9 DVD volumes.
Music.
La Corda d'Oro
Opening theme.
"Brand New Breeze" - episode 1-24 and episode 26
Ending themes.
"Crescendo" - episode 1-24 and episode 26
"Brand New Breeze" - episode 25
Kin'iro no Corda ~secondo passo~.
A special under the name "Kin'iro no Corda ~secondo passo~" has been confirmed. The first episode will be aired on March 26, 2009 by Kids Station.
While the production staffs for the series remains the same, there are three new additions to the voice cast that includes Satoshi Hino voicing Kiriya Etō, Yūya Uchida voicing Akihiko Kira and Mamoru Miyano voicing Aoi Kaji.
There will only be two episodes. The three new characters appeared in the later games of the franchise will be introduced in this special.
Theme song.
"蒼穹のスコア ～The score in blue～"
Music In Secondo Passo.
Hino Kahoko - Sicilienne by M.T Paradis
Ensemble - Ruslan and Ludmilla" Overture composed by Glinka
Aoi Kaji - Traumerei (Dreaming) in F major from "Kinderszenen" (Scenes from Childhood)
Radio.
Kin'iro no Corda ~The After School Etude~ is a radio show that is broadcast by Radio Osaka and TBS Radio in Japan.
The show's personalities are Kishō Taniyama as Len Tsukimori and Katsuyuki Konishi as Shinobu Osaki. In the show, they called themselves , a name made up of Katsuyuki Konishi's and Kishō Taniyama's last name. 
After it finished airing at Radio Osaka and TBS Radio, Lantis Web Radio took it up and re-broadcast it as an Internet radio.
Events.
Concert.
There has been a concert held in Kanagawa Prefecture’s City Hall at June 30, 2007 and released on to DVD as . Kanon, Reiko Takagi, Yūki Nakajima as well as the other voice cast and musicians who performed the pieces in the anime were present at the concert to perform. 
The concert was recorded and was released as a DVD on October 17, 2007.
Stella Concert 2.
A live concert titled was held at Showa Women University’s Hitomi Memorial Hall on February 22, 2009. 
Unlike the previous concert, the voice casts are not present for the concert, but the performing cast is having light classical concert. The music from the second game will be performed as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20605395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605395" title="Peng Pai">
Peng Pai

Peng Pai ( )(October 22, 1896—August 30, 1929) born in Haifeng County (now under Shanwei Municipality), Guangdong Province, China, was a pioneerIn the Preface, the author called Peng Pai "the father of Chinese rural communism".</ref> of the Chinese agrarian movement and peasants' rights activist, a prominent revolutionary, and one of the leaders of Chinese Communist Party (CCP) at its earlier stage. Peng Pai was one of the few Chinese intellectuals who were aware in early 1920s that peasantry and land issues caused the most critical problems for Chinese society. He believed that the success of any revolution in China must depend on the peasants as its base foundation.
Background and early life.
Peng Pai was born on October 22, 1896, into the elite segment of society as a landlord offspring (dizhu chushen 地主出身) and an heir to great wealth. The Peng family was of Cantonese origin, with about thirty members, owning lands cultivated by peasant tenants who, with their families, numbered more than 1,500; so each one of the Peng family controlled about fifty peasants. 
Peng Pai’s sociopolitical views were partly influenced by his mother, Zhou Feng (周凤). Zhou Feng came from an impoverished family. At the age of eighteen, she was sold by her parents as a concubine to Peng Pai’s father Peng Xin (彭辛，another first-name Shou-yin 寿殷). At that time, Peng Xin already had two sons by his first wife. Pai’s mother had three sons of her own: Peng Hanyuan (彭汉垣), Peng Pai, and Peng Shu (彭述). Hanyuan and Shu later actively joined and assisted Pai in the peasant movement launched and led by Pai. All three brothers lost their lives for this cause. They are officially honored as “Revolutionary Martyrs” by the People’s Republic of China.
Imprisonment and death (1929).
In memory of Peng Pai and Yang Yin, the CCP named its military academy the “Peng-Yang Military Academy of the Red Army”.
Prominent descendants.
Peng Pai’s second son, Peng Shilu (彭士禄), is a famed scientist of Nuclear Propulsion and Nuclear Power Engineering in China, and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE). He is nicknamed as one of the “Founding Fathers of China's Naval Nuclear Propulsion” for his prominent and key contributions to China's Nuclear Submarine project.
Peng Shige (彭实戈), a grandson of Peng Pai's elder brother Peng Hanyuan, is a famed Mathematician in China and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). He is noted for his contributions in stochastic analysis and founding of Mathematical Finance in China. He was invited and gave a one-hour plenary lecture at the International Congress of Mathematicians at Hyderabad, India in August, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20605399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605399" title="List of La Corda d'Oro characters">
List of La Corda d'Oro characters

This is a list of characters of the dating simulation game, manga, and anime series, "La Corda d'Oro".
Students of the General Education Department.
Kahoko Hino.
Kahoko is the main female protagonist of the series. She is a second year at Seiso Academy. She has a warm and friendly personality and is very honest and straightforward, as shown from the way she expresses herself through her violin. 
She lives with her mother and older sister as well as having an older brother studying in a university but her father wasn't mentioned in the story. She confesses to have a strong craving for sweet things.
Kahoko has never played or touched a violin until she meets the strange music fairy, Lili. Though at first reluctant about playing the violin, she soon begins to love music. She is a polite and considerate girl who puts others' feelings before her own, though at times she can appear rather naive, especially in music. The boys involved in the concours have obvious crushes on her, though Kahoko is unable to figure that out because of her sweet, but dense personality. She also is unable to realize that every time she feels depressed, the other members strangely feel the same way.
Ryōtaro Tsuchiura.
Tsuchiura is a second year as well as Kahoko's friend. He and Kahoko met after he ran into her, nearly knocking her down a staircase, saving her just in time in episode 1. Their friendship eventually grows, and she even confesses to him that she knew nothing of playing the violin.
His mother is a piano teacher, revealed through Minami's conversation with Kahoko in the anime. He also has a younger brother and is good at cooking.
He is a very gifted pianist but quit playing in public because of an unpleasant experience at a competition due to the judges' discrimination of younger contestants. After he assisted Kahoko in the first round of the concours by being her accompanist, he, as well, joined the concours.
In the past, he had a girlfriend called Mizue Sakamoto, and in episode 14, they met again by accident at the train station with Kahoko and Len where she mistook Kahoko as Tsuchiura's girlfriend at first, then Len's girlfriend after.
Tsuchiura is the star of the soccer team; he is the team midfielder. He is very skilled at the sport and even outdoing some third year students. Even so, Mizue said that he was skilled in both basketball and soccer, which Mizue points out that whenever he plays, there will always be girls cheering for him. As told by Mizue, he was also in the basketball club when they were in middle school.
He does not like Tsukimori, and they often get into many disagreements. Their arguments can vary in topics, from a notebook to their style of performance. This rivalry happens possibly because of the fact that they are falling for the same girl.
His feelings for Hino gradually deepen as the series progresses and going as far as secretly calling her Kaho during the quintet's performance.
In all of the game series, he was able to sense and see Lili, The Fata, alongside the other concours participants.
Nami Amou.
Nami is a very active member of the Journalism Club. Her favourite hobby is pestering the concours' participants for juicy information, sometimes even to the point of making them nervous and embarrassed.
She happens to have a talent for photography and describes her camera as her "partner". 
Besides having a good sense of fashion and style, Nami is also shown to be sweet and encouraging towards Kahoko and Shoko, often giving the two girls advice on self-esteem and cheering them on throughout the duration of the concours. Though at first her demeanor frightens Shoko greatly.
Mio Takato.
Mio is one of Kahoko's best friends. She's in the same class as Kahoko.
Nao Kobayashi.
Nao is also one of Kahoko's best friends. Both her and Mio are in the same class. She and Mio once gave Kahoko a music box as a birthday present.
Junnosuke Sasaki.
He's a member of the Soccer Club like Tsuchiura. He often teases Tsuchiura, especially on the subject of Hino.
Students of the Music Department.
Len Tsukimori.
Len is in the Music department and is in Year 2, Class A. He is quiet and cold towards everyone, including his own parents, to an extent. Later, he warms up to Kahoko and eventually gives her advice on how to hold and play the violin properly.
He is a violin virtuoso. Born in a family of musicians, Len felt overshadowed by his parents' music and strives for perfection in his music. He holds a high standard and demands the best from himself and from others. Len's father is a well-known violinist and his mother is a famous pianist called Misa Hamai. He is fluent in both English and German. In one of the chapters, it has been shown that Len knows how to play the piano.
Len didn't believe that music was enjoyable, though after spending some time with Kahoko, he slowly began to enjoy music. With this, his music changed and even his mother has noticed the change that was influenced by Kahoko.
In Kin'iro no Corda game, he can see Lili, the Fata.
Kazuki Hihara.
Kazuki is an outgoing person and is extremely friendly to others. He has little sense of social boundary. During his time in middle school, he was in the track team but pulled out to play the trumpet in the school band. 
He explained to Kahoko that one day he went to the rooftop to have lunch, however when he arrived, there was a female senior playing the trumpet. He was amazed at how she played. Soon after, she was there every time he went to the place to have his lunch. Later, she brought a trumpet she borrowed from the school's music room. This finally allowed him to have a try on playing the trumpet. Nevertheless, at that time, he already joined the school's track team and he was reluctant to leave and join the school band. However, in the end he had his friend's support and quit the track team.
Kazuki has an enormous appetite, as he is constantly eating. He quickly befriends Kahoko. Because of him, Kahoko learned the true meaning of music, that it is enjoyed by everyone. After that Kahoko began to love and enjoy music better. In the middle of the series, he starts to call Kahoko "Kaho-chan", instead of the usual "Hino-chan", because he has a rather obvious crush on her. He is the first one to realize he likes her, and becomes overly conscious of her afterward. When Kahoko commented she wanted to perform well for Len it threw off his own performance due to conflicted feelings. He's a member of the Orchestra Club. He has an elder brother named Haruki. In Kin'iro no Corda 3 he is 25 years old and a teacher at another music school.
Azuma Yunoki.
Azuma is a third year student. He appears to be a very considerate and kind to others, and is considered a "prince" in school because of his good looks, perfect grades, and charming personality. Azuma comes from a well-brought family of traditional Kado background and he is extremely capable in traditional Japanese rituals and customs, like ikebana, tea ceremonies and traditional gardening. 
Born as the third son of the family, he is strictly forbidden to outshine his older brothers. For that reason he was forced to give up piano when he was young and turn to flute instead.
Despite the gentle personality, Azuma has another side to his personality that is darker and more intimidating. He revealed this side to Kahoko later in the story and he considers her as his 'sweet toy', whom he likes to tease to rid him out of his boredom over life. He gradually develops feelings for Kahoko, but is too proud to admit it. He teases Kahoko several times in the first season.
Shōko Fuyuumi.
Shōko is the only other female competitor in the concours, and is also shown to play a little piano from the special episode. She's an extremely shy girl. She is very hesitant and easily intimidated. 
When the school organized a training camp, her family's vacation home was used, indicating she comes from a very wealthy family. 
Shōko looks up to Kahoko as a role model and wants to be like her. She is good friends with Kahoko and Nami.
Keiichi Shimizu.
Keiichi is the youngest male competitor in the concours. He likes to do things at his own pace. He seen drowsy all the time and often seems confused or in a daze. Keiichi speaks slowly and politely, in a quiet voice, and can be found sleeping anywhere, anytime. Kahoko first met him lying on the ground, fast asleep and because of this, many people gave him the title of "Sleeping Beauty" from his handsome face and drowsy manner. 
His life seems to revolve around music - he tells Kahoko that he sleeps, wakes up, plays the cello, then repeats the process, other than eating, going to concerts with his family and visiting the library to learn more about music. 
He is living at his aunt's house. He enjoys reading as well as studying the history of music and structures of instruments. In time, he becomes interested in Kahoko because of her carefree music. Keiichi's interest in her started from when he couldn't get her music out of his head. Kahoko and he usually encounter each other at musical events like concerts, showing of instruments, etc. He has an older sister, a younger brother and a younger sister. His older sister always sends him costumes to try on.
Kahoko also commented that when he smiles, he looks like an angel.
He also often calls Mr. Kanazawa the wrong name like Mr. Kanadawa or Mr. Kananagawa.
Recently, in an extra in chapter 62, his older sister Tomomi came to the school and was mistaken for him. When she was figured out she told him, "Kaho-senpai is really cute." He became shocked and looked at Kahoko. The outfits the group had on in chapter 62 were made by Tomoni, according to the extra.
In Episode 20 of the anime "La Corda D'Oro: Primo Passo" after he play the cello he told her he wanted to hear Kahoko's music which made her guilty feelings come to her mind again and ran from him crying, he whispered "Kaho-sempai" (like Fuyuumi calls her) calling her by her first name for the first time.
Manami Mori.
Manami is Kahoko's accompanist during the second and third selection concours. They both became friends after that. She also happens to be in the same class as Tsukimori.
She was supposed to be Kahoko's accompanist in the last selection, but she injured her hands in a cycling accident and Megumi offered to help Kahoko.
The pianist is also shown to have an attraction towards Tsuchiura, something which she admits unhesitantly to Kahoko when she is first introduced to the series.
Megumi Shouji.
Megumi is a first year student. She was supposed to be Kahoko's accompanist during the first concours. However, she lied to her in order for her participation be forfeited, because she was jealous of Kahoko, who was chosen to enter the competition; considering that, she's from the Music department. In the episode, it also shows that she has special feelings towards Tsukimori.
Furthermore, during the last selection concours, Mori who was Kahoko's accompanist got hurt in a bicycle accident, was replaced by Megumi after she told Hino that she regretted her previous actions, having Hino end up forgiving her.
Rie Nozaki.
Rie is a first year student. She is Shoko's accompanist for the concours.
Tsukasa Hasegawa.
Hasegawa is a third year student. He is Hihara's accompanist for the concours. He is also a member of the Orchestra Club.
Shouzaburou Kishimoto.
Kishimoto is a second year student. He was the one who locked up Tsukimori in the closet during the second selection of the concours, causing Tsukimori to be ranked seventh place for that round.
Mai Koizumi.
Mai's a first year student and is a member of the Orchestra Club. She once asked Kahoko's opinion on her performance in episode 12.
Mai Tsugawa.
Tsugawa is a second year student. She is one of Yunoki's bodyguards. She was one of the girls who bullied Shoko in episode 1.
Faculty members.
Hiroto Kanazawa.
He is the teacher put in charge of the concours. A rather lazy man, he has a personal assistant, Shinobu Ousaki. He is always seen smoking and sometimes when outdoors he is seen feeding the cats that live on the school's grounds. 
It is revealed that he was a famous tenor in Europe in the past, but when his girlfriend left him he turned to drinking and smoking, which damaged his vocal cords, ending his solo career, so he returned to Japan to teach. He is an excellent cook.
He seems to know about Lili, but claims that he cannot see the fairy.
Shinobu Ousaki.
Ousaki is a graduate from the Seiso Academy. During his years as a student, he won the concours. He's a third year music student in university. 
He's currently working as Mr. Kanazawa's personal assistant. As he is an intern, he isn't paid for his work. He also manages the academy's Orchestra Club. 
He is currently in Vienna to participate in a music competition.
In the TV special, knowing that Kahoko was upset because she was excluded from the ensemble, he asks her to help him with the children's concert at the festival. She declines but Ousaki wants her to rethink her decision.
Other characters.
Lili.
Lili is a mischievous fairy that gave Kahoko the magical violin. Not all people can see the fairy other than Kahoko. It is revealed that the headmaster and the director of the school, Akihiko Kira can see the fairy. 
Kahoko is unable to see Lili during the final selection. He said that he has done his job. Lili has curly blonde hair and blue eyes, depicting a striking resemblance to Keiichi Shimizu (though their personalities are of the opposite).
Mizue Sakimoto.
Mizue is Tsuchiura's former girlfriend. She met Tsuchiura, Tsukimori and Kahoko by accident at the train station. She also once mistook Tsuchiura, Tsukimori and Hihara as Kahoko's boyfriend.
She once went out with Tsuchiura during middle school, but went separate ways after three months. She said even though she was the one to break-up the relationship, but was still hurt by it, even now. 
She commented that maybe she was the type that was to be pampered. The reason was Tsuchiura always called her by her last name, but Mizue called him in his first name instead. She noticed that when they are together, he never looked happy and which Kahoko realised during their meeting at the garden café.
Ayano Takashina.
Ayano is a first year in high school. She is Yunoki's fiancée. She was also called "bishōjo", by Kahoko when she first saw her. Ayano is one of Yunoki's fiancée candidates chosen by his grandmother; she was fascinated by him as a child and became determined to become his wife. Yunoki, however, isn't keen on that idea and enlists Kahoko's help to dissuade her by passing Kahoko off as his lover. 
Ayano is perfect in all aspects, except that she has the tendency to give out bad first impressions of herself in front of people. 
Ayano attends the same school as Miyabi, though it is hinted that Miyabi herself isn't too fond of Ayano as well.
Miyabi Yunoki.
Miyabi is Azuma's younger sister. Kahoko also called her "bishōjo", when she first met her. She attends the same high school as Ayano.
She is the only sibling that is introduced in the anime, other than Hihara's older brother. She is shown to care a lot about her brother's well being since Miyabi also helped her brother to dissuade Ayano from becoming his marriage candidate.
Haruki Hihara.
Haruki is Kazuki's elder brother. He's a university student majoring in basketball. He too, like his younger brother, likes to play basketball.
Isamu Ogata.
He is Kazuki's good friend during their elementary and middle school days.
Minami.
He is the owner of "Minami's Instrument Shop". He knew Tsuchiura since he was young and had bought a video camera to tape all of Tsuchiura's practices. He calls him Ryo.
Misa Hamai.
Misa is a very famous pianist, often doing public performances abroad. Her husband is a famous violinist. She is also Tsukimori's mother and is very fond of Kahoko.
Kanon.
Kanon is one of Misa's concert guests. She is also the one who sang the opening theme for the anime and has a special cameo role in episode 24.
Characters in Kin'iro no Corda 2.
Aoi Kaji.
Aoi is one of the new characters that appears in the second game and was introduced later in the chapter 47 of the manga. He's a new student in the General Education department, who transfers to the academy and is placed into Kahoko's class.
Before he entered Seiso, he attended a public boys school that was hard to get into and played tennis. He received several confessions from girls everyday but he refused them all. When he was at the park, he heard Kahoko playing and immediately fell in love with her. 
After that, he came to that park everyday to come see her but he never saw her again until he saw her beside him while crossing a street. He followed her and he saw her meeting with Ousaki and Len to perform at a store's opening party. He disguised himself as a mascot so he can go inside and hear Kahoko play. 
After he entered Seiso he saw Kahoko and kissed her hand. When girls confessed to him he would say, "Sorry, I appreciate your feelings but I am completely dedicated to Hino-san." He would also compliment Kahoko every morning.
He previously played the violin but dropped it and now plays the viola because of an incident in the past. It was shown that when Kaji was still a child, he attended the same class with Tsukimori, Ousaki, and Etō. However on the day of the recital, he backed out after hearing Len's music. It was inferiority that broke down his confidence. 
He first met Kahoko at the local park when he overhears her playing the violin and he was so captivated by it that he openly declares himself her number one fan. He also admits that he doesn't have confidence in his own performances since he lacked training, but he has very sharp hearing and can easily spot flaws in others' performances. He is also very fast in tuning his instruments.
He addresses everyone politely, as he, like Yunoki, was also brought up in a respectable and wealthy family. Aoi, however, was allowed more freedom by his family. He doesn't get along with Azuma, often exchanging cynical remarks with the upperclassman, and he is perhaps the only one other than Kahoko to know Azuma's true personality.
His grandfather owns a hospital and his father is a politician. His grandfather hopes that he will major in medicine, so that he can someday take over the position as head of the hospital. 
His parents were alumni of Seiso, which was indirectly revealed when Aoi asked his father to tell him more about the school. 
Aoi is extremely smart and athletic, though has a rebellious streak of his own.
Akihiko Kira.
Akihiko is the other new character that appears in the second game. 
He doesn't remember people's faces all that well, so even if someone had met him before, he won't remember them. He is the son of the family that founded Seiso Academy. 
Akihiko is the most recent and youngest director in the history of the school and was asked to solve a financial crisis that befell the school. He made a decision to separate the school into two different schools: a music school and a general education school. Kahoko opposed this, and Akihiko challenges her to create a successful Christmas concert with an ensemble of other musicians from the school.
It is revealed that Kanazawa was his senior when both of them were still in school. He used to play violin in the past, but dropped it because of a tragedy in the past, and had also come to hate music. 
It appears that Akihiko has some obscure relationship with Lili.
Characters in Kin'iro no Corda 2: Encore.
Mari Tsuzuki.
Mari Tsuzuki's character is the only new character that appears in Kin'iro no Corda 2: Encore. She is a 3rd year student at a nearby university and majors in conducting. She was invited by Kira to conduct the orchestra at the Seiso Academy Festival and she was responsible for guiding Kahoko, the concert mistress for the festival.
Mari is an alumna of Seiso and was a participant in the concours with Shinobu, of which she lost to him. She appears to care a lot about Shinobu, but the latter remains oblivious to this.
Characters in Kin'iro no Corda 2: Forte.
Kiriya Etou.
Etō is first introduced in the Kiniro no Corda 2: Forte and now appears in the TV special, Secondo Passo. 
He is a third year student in junior high. He is the only character who does not attend Seiso Academy. He is a very good violinist and his skills are on par with Tsukimori. When he was younger, he had gone to the same violin classes with Tsukimori, Ousaki, and Kaji. Though Kaji eventually quit. 
He is very confident of himself and his playing is very accurate. He is related to Akihiko Kira, the academy's director. He thinks the standard of Seiso Academy isn't high after hearing Kahoko's playing which left him completely unimpressed. 
However, he seems to have a crush on her as he is later seen at the school grounds constantly, his reasons unknown, resulting in a hiding Kahoko, because he had been rude to her on their first meeting. 
Later, he helps Kahoko aid twins to find their mother. He is constantly impressed by Kahoko's kind behavior. Later, he asks her whether he or Tsukimori is better.
He seems to have a strong interest in and an apparent crush on Kahoko and states that he takes back what he said about wishing he had never heard Kahoko play.
In his special appearance in the upcoming game, Kiniro no Corda 3, he is now 22 years old and is an internationally acclaimed violinist.
"Voiced by:" Reiko Takagi (Drama CD only)
"Voiced by:" Jun Fukuyama
"Voiced by:" Katsuyuki Konishi
"Voiced by:" Yūya Uchida
"Voiced by:" Kaori Mizuhashi
Shisei Hall High.
"Voiced by:" Kentarō Itō
"Voiced by:" Masakazu Morita
"Voiced by:" Daisuke Kishio
Jinnan High.
"Voiced by:" Kishō Taniyama
"Voiced by:" Hideo Ishikawa
Amane High Academy.
"Voiced by:" Satoshi Hino
"Voiced by:" Mamoru Miyano
"Voiced by:" Yuki Masuda
Minor characters.
"Voiced by:" Akemi Satō
"Voiced by:" Kenyu Horiuchi
"Voiced by:" Sayaka Ohara
"Voiced by:" Hiroaki Miura
"Voiced by:" Risa Shimizu
"Voiced by:" Hiroshi Okamoto
"Voiced by:" Keiichirō Yamamoto
"Voiced by:" Yoshimasa Hosoya
"Voiced by:" Susumu Chiba
"Voiced by:" Kaori Mine
Recurring characters.
"Voiced by:" Masakazu Morita
"Voiced by:" Satoshi Hino -->

</doc>
<doc id="20605400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605400" title="Pandero jarocho">
Pandero jarocho

The pandero jarocho, pandero octagonal or pandero tlacotalpeño is a kind of tambourine typical of the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is octagonal in shape, ringed with eight jangling metal disks, and with an animal skin stretched over one side. The most common methods of playing are two: one, by alternately tapping the skin with the thumb and forefinger, jangling the disks and creating a dull beat on the skin; two, by running the outstretched thumb over the skin near the perimeter of the frame.
References.
David Whitmer, 2005,
CD Traditional Music from Mexico: Son Jarocho de Tlacotalpan (ARCMusic EUCD1966)

</doc>
<doc id="20605424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605424" title="Neerchal, Kannur">
Neerchal, Kannur

Neerchal is an area in Kannur City, Kannur District of Kerala state, south India.

</doc>
<doc id="20605434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605434" title="Ultrasound 1997–2003">
Ultrasound 1997–2003

Ultrasound 1997–2003 () is Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter David Tao's first compilation album. It was released on 8 August 2003 by EMI Music Taiwan. It features four new tracks as well as 11 previously released tracks, from his debut album, "David Tao" in 1997 to his third album "Black Tangerine" in 2003.
The track "今天没回家" (Shanghaied) is listed at number 6 on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20605439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605439" title="Gregorio Manzano">
Gregorio Manzano

Gregorio "Goyo" Manzano Ballesteros (born 11 March 1956) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of Beijing Guoan F.C. in the Chinese Super League.
Football career.
Born in Bailén, Jaén, Andalusia, Manzano's training career started in 1983, at the age of 27. He took charge of several teams in his native region, including Real Jaén in the fourth division.
In 1996, Manzano signed with Talavera CF from the third level. During his two-season spell he led the Castile-La Mancha side to a second-place finish in its group (1996–97), and a narrow miss on promotion (1997–98). His good work there prompted the interest – and signing – from division two's CD Toledo, which he helped retain league status with a comfortable seventh place.
Manzano had his first La Liga experience with Real Valladolid, in 1999–2000. His new club finished eighth, and the campaign included a 1–0 win over Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium. For the following season he stayed in the top flight, with Racing de Santander; in spite of a 4–0 home success against FC Barcelona, the Cantabrians were relegated and the coach was fired.
After helping Rayo Vallecano finish 11th in 2001–02's top division, Manzano signed for RCD Mallorca. Season highlights were another win at Real Madrid (5–1) and the conquest of the Copa del Rey, over Recreativo de Huelva.
Subsequently he signed with Atlético de Madrid, qualifying the club for the UEFA Cup after finishing seventh. After the sacking of Iñaki Sáez as Spanish national coach, he was rumoured to be one of his possible successors, but nothing came of it, and he took charge of Málaga CF instead.
On 15 February 2006 Manzano returned to Mallorca, after Héctor Cúper's dismissal, and continued to work with the Balearic Islands side in the following seasons. In 2009–10 the club won its first ten home fixtures, eventually only losing three of the 19 in the league (Sevilla FC, Barcelona and Real Madrid) and qualifying for the Europa League, as fifth.
On 19 May 2010, it was announced Mallorca would not renew Manzano's contract despite his great season, due to financial difficulties. On 26 September he returned to active, being appointed at Sevilla as a replacement for fired Antonio Álvarez.
On 8 June 2011, after leading Sevilla to the fifth place, with the subsequent Europa League qualification, Manzano returned to former team Atlético Madrid, replacing Quique Flores. Early into 2011–12 he and José Antonio Reyes had a serious altercation, which resulted in the player being relegated to the bench and sometimes not even selected for matchday squads. 
On 22 December 2011, following a 0–1 home and 1–3 aggregate loss against Albacete Balompié for the season's domestic cup, Manzano was relieved of his duties, as the club also ranked 10th in the domestic league. 
On 5 February 2013 he returned to Mallorca for a third spell, following the sacking of Joaquín Caparrós, as the campaign went on to end in top level relegation.
On 11 February 2014, Manzano was appointed at Beijing Guoan F.C. in the Chinese Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20605478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605478" title="Faridpur, Narowal">
Faridpur, Narowal

Faridpur is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Narowal District at with an altitude of 239 metres (787 feet) and lies near to the Indian border.

</doc>
<doc id="20605499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605499" title="Gonzalo Arconada Echarri">
Gonzalo Arconada Echarri

Gonzalo Arconada Echarri (born 23 July 1961 in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of CD Mirandés.
Coaching career.
Arconada started coaching while still in his teens, with youth sides "Juveniles de La Salle" and "Danak". His first twenty years would be spent with teams in his native region, mostly in the lower levels; after being in charge of the reserve team for several seasons, he coached Real Sociedad's main squad for a couple of months in 2006, being one of three managers during the campaign in La Liga.
After managing lowly Burgos CF and attaining promotion to the top division in 2008 with CD Numancia, Arconada signed with UD Almería: after a preseason without defeats, he was sacked in late December 2008 following a 0–1 loss at El Molinón, Sporting de Gijón's grounds, being replaced by Hugo Sánchez.
In the 2009 summer Arconada returned to Numancia again in the second level, leaving his post at the end of the season after leading the Soria side to the eighth position. In August he moved to CD Tenerife, freshly relegated from the top flight, being sacked the following month after four losses in as many games.
Personal life.
Arconada's older brother, Luis, played almost 20 professional years with Real Sociedad, being widely regarded as one of the best goalkeepers in the nation's history.

</doc>
<doc id="20605507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605507" title="Kick a Hole in the Sky">
Kick a Hole in the Sky

"Kick A Hole In The Sky" is the third and final single from the album Dress Me Slowly by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 2001 and reached number 56 in that year's Hottest 100.
Track listing.
"Midget In A Nightclub" and "Sweet Alcohol" are You Am I originals. (Rogers)
"White And Lazy" is a cover of The Replacements song and was previously released on an all-Australian Replacements tribute album, 'I'm In Love... With That Song'.

</doc>
<doc id="20605580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605580" title="Symphony Park">
Symphony Park

Symphony Park, originally called Union Park, and formerly known as Parkway Center, is an under construction mixed-use urban community located in downtown Las Vegas, Nevada. The city of Las Vegas is undertaking the development of a parcel located on brownfield land purchased from Union Pacific. The city acquired the land in 1995 as part of a redevelopment effort to draw tourists and locals to downtown Las Vegas. The Symphony Park development will be one of the largest urban redevelopment projects in the country.
The Symphony Park Development is being planned by the city of Las Vegas and Newland Communities. This is a major project for the Office of Business Development and the city.
The walkable community will feature urban residences, the Lou Ruvo Brain Institute and other medical facilities, a outdoor core (Symphony Park), The Smith Center for the Performing Arts, offices, The Charlie Palmer (chef) boutique hotel, a casino/hotel, and the World Jewelry Center. As the single most important element in the revitalization and re-development of downtown Las Vegas, it will be a green development, with all buildings expected to follow LEED construction guidelines.
As land owner and master developer, the city of Las Vegas selected Newland Communities to create the master plan and serve as development manager.
The $6 billion project is projected to include of space on 61 acres. Plans call for of office and medical space, comprising 3,200 residential units, 3 hotels providing an estimated 1,800 to 2,300 rooms in of space with of retail. The area is also expected to include of casino space.
History.
In October 2005, after failed negotiations with The Related Co. on the development of Union Park, San Diego-based Newland Communities was chosen by the city as the new development firm. The Newland contract calls for Dan Van Epp, Newland's regional vice president and former president of the Howard Hughes Corp., to oversee his company's work on Union Park.
Originally Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman announced plans to include a baseball stadium within the Union Park project, however the stadium has since been removed as part of the master plan.
The city approved initial infrastructure plans for $40 million in bonds necessary to finance the 61 acres project. The City Council also approved a development agreement for The Smith Center for the Performing Arts, a planned 2,050-seat performing arts center, as well as a development agreement for the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health being designed by world-renowned architect Frank Gehry. It was the first building at Symphony Park to began construction in 2007 and opened in May 2010.
The Las Vegas Performing Arts Center Foundation, in partnership with the city of Las Vegas Redevelopment Agency, is developing The Smith Center for the Performing Arts. Upon completion, this facility will be the first regional performing arts center in the Las Vegas valley. The city is donating a site in Symphony Park on which The Smith Performing Arts Center will be built. The project is being funded through a tax on car rentals in Clark County, together with private fund-raising led by the foundation. The Reynolds Foundation has committed a $50 million endowment to ensure the long-term success of the center’s operations. The center's design was projected to be completed by third quarter 2008. The city will oversee bidding and construction of the project's first phase. The Center began construction in early 2010 and was opened in 2012.
In November 2010, the city council considered adding a sports arena component to Symphony Park replacing some of the residential parcels. 
When the project first started it was known as Union Park. On May 20, 2009, the Las Vegas City Council renamed the area as Symphony Park.
In August 2010, Lied Discovery Children's Museum announced plans to construct and occupy a new home and larger home in Symphony Park beginning in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20605598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605598" title="Ellen Lovell House">
Ellen Lovell House

The Ellen M. Lovell House, also called Oakenwald Terrace, is a bed and breakfast in Chatfield, Minnesota, United States. It was built in 1897. It is next door to the George Haven House. Both properties were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is one of the grandest homes in South Eastern Minnesota. You will drive away from your stay marveling at the architecture, the historical content and the collectables displayed everywhere in this amazing home. Chatfield itself is a beautiful small town, which offers a friendly, peaceful atmosphere – a place to get away to relax for a weekend or special occasion. As part of Bluff Country, the area offers tourist attractions and remarkable scenic drives. There are six bedrooms including Mrs. Lovell's room, the Round room, Terrace View, Frink's room, the Blue room, and the Doll room.

</doc>
<doc id="20605609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605609" title="Antonio Tapia">
Antonio Tapia

Antonio Tapia Flores (born 13 November 1959 in Baena, Córdoba) is a Spanish football manager.
Football career.
Tapia had an unassuming career as a footballer, only representing Atlético Malagueño and amateurs UD Fuengirola. Still not in his 30s he began a coaching career, with another side in Andalusia, CD Mijas, continuing in the area (and the regional leagues) the following years, with Fuengirola and CD Los Boliches.
In 1994 Tapia joined Málaga CF's coaching staff as assistant, staying there for two years before moving in the same capacity to neighbouring Cádiz CF. He had his first spell as head manager with Polideportivo Ejido – still in Andalusia – in 1997, helping the side promote to Segunda División in 2001, although he would be sacked 11 matches into the following campaign due to bad results.
Tapia returned to Málaga's reserves in 2002, attaining another second division promotion. After Gregorio Manzano's dismissal midway through the 2004–05 season, he took the reins of the first team – in La Liga – being sacked in the same period of the following year, and replaced by director of football Manolo Hierro, in an eventual relegation.
For the following two years Tapia had spells in the second level and his native region, with Ejido and soon-to-be defunct Granada 74 CF, with relegation in the latter. He then returned to the top flight and Málaga – freshly promoted – and almost led the side to qualification to the UEFA Europa League, after finishing eighth.
After refusing a new deal in order to listen to other offers, Tapia would eventually leave his place to Juan Ramón López Muñiz (who returned from Racing de Santander after just one year), signing with Real Betis in division two. 
After a series of bad results, the last a 0–1 loss at Levante UD, Tapia was sacked on 24 January 2010, only being in charge for six months. Exactly one year after his dismissal he was appointed at CD Tenerife, becoming the Canary Islands outfit's third manager in the second division season; in late March, he too was relieved of his duties.
On 21 August 2012 Tapia returned to Málaga, joining the team's football directory as a sporting adviser.

</doc>
<doc id="20605613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605613" title="Yuki Kure">
Yuki Kure

She also authors the manga adaptation of the game, which has been serialized in Hakusensha's monthly shōjo manga magazine, "LaLa", since October 2003.
About.
Personal.
Yuki Kure was born on December 4, in Chiba Prefecture. According to an interview with Hakusensha, she previously studied the piano, which she feels is refreshing. She has stated that she wanted to play other musical instruments including the cello, bassoon and tuba.
She has mentioned that she finds it very difficult to draw Tsukimori from "Kin'iro no Corda", but very easy to draw Hihara and young girls. She also likes to watch soccer matches and collect merchandise. 
Reiko Shimizu, Natsumi Itsuki, Kyōko Hikawa and other "LaLa" manga artists are her influences when she is drawing manga. 
Source:
Career.
Yuki Kure made her debut winning Best Rookie in the LaLa Mangaka Scout Course for her work, . It was later published in 2000's first issue of "LaLa DX".
In 1999, she won the Outstanding Newcomers' Award in the 24th Hakusensha Athena Newcomers' Awards for her work, . The work was later published in the March 2000 issue of "LaLa".
Another work, , was published in September 2000, in "LaLa DX". Two months later another work, "Ever After", was published in "LaLa DX".
In May 2001, "Another World" was published in "LaLa DX". Five months later, she made her official debut in "LaLa" by having her work, "Tobbikiri!" published in the October 2001 issue. 
In 2002, her work, was published in "LaLa"s April issue. Kure went on to publish two more one-offs in "LaLa DX" before starting "La Corda d'Oro": and "Fast Step?". "Kokoro Hiyori Koi Moyō" was published in July and the latter in September. 
Kure then provided the character designs for the third Neoromance series by Koei, "La Corda d'Oro". In October, a month after the game's release, she began the serialization of her first series, a manga adaptation of the game. 
Kure has attended signing events twice, the first which was in 2004 in Tokyo along with other manga artists, Natsuki Takaya, Minako Narita and Banri Hidaka. The event was simultaneously held in both Tokyo and Osaka.
Her second signing event was held on March 14, 2009 at the Bunkyōdō Bookstore in Shibuya, Tokyo.
Works.
One-offs.
Source:
Sent-in works.
Source:
Series.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="20605626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605626" title="Neutral sixth">
Neutral sixth

A neutral sixth is a musical interval wider than a minor sixth but narrower than a major sixth . Three distinct intervals may be termed neutral sixths:
These intervals are all within about 12 cents of each other and are difficult for most people to distinguish. Neutral sixths are roughly a quarter tone sharp from 12 equal temperament minor sixths and a quarter tone flat from 12-ET major sixths. In just intonation, as well as in tunings such as 31-ET, 41-ET, or 72-ET, which more closely approximate just intonation, the intervals are closer together.
A neutral sixth can be formed by subtracting a neutral second from a minor seventh. Based on its positioning in the harmonic series, the undecimal neutral sixth implies a root one minor seventh above the higher of the two notes.
Thirteenth harmonic.
13:8 (840.53 cents), the ratio of the thirteenth harmonic is notated in Ben Johnston's system as A13.
This note is often corrected to a just or pythagorean ratio on the natural horn, but the pure thirteenth harmonic was used in pieces including Britten's "Serenade for tenor, horn and strings".

</doc>
<doc id="20605634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605634" title="Barred hogfish">
Barred hogfish

The barred hogfish, "Bodianus scrofa", is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean, where it occurs around the various island groups from the Azores to Cape Verde. This species occurs on rocky reefs at depths of . It can reach a length of , though most do not exceed . It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="20605648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605648" title="Manuel Preciado Rebolledo">
Manuel Preciado Rebolledo

Manuel 'Manolo' Preciado Rebolledo (28 August 1957 – 6 June 2012) was a Spanish footballer who played as a defender and a coach. 
His 15-year career was mainly associated with Racing de Santander, and he also represented five other teams, mostly in the lower leagues. As a manager he also coached with his main club but worked mostly with Sporting de Gijón, promoting to La Liga in 2008.
Preciado died in June 2012 at the age of 54, from a heart attack.
Playing career.
Born in El Astillero, Cantabria, Preciado appeared in 59 La Liga matches for local Racing de Santander, split between three of his five-year spell with the club. His best-ever in the top flight was 32 games in the 1978–79 season, which ended in relegation.
After three years in Segunda División (two of them with Linares CF), Preciado resumed his career in the lower leagues, eventually retiring in 1992 with lowly Gimnástica de Torrelavega, also in his native region, at nearly 35.
Coaching career.
Preciado took up coaching in the mid-90s, precisely with his last club. He led Gimnástica to the Tercera División championship (group 1). Being then recalled to Racing with its B-squad, another promotion to Segunda División B befell, now in 2002.
Preciado was called for first team coaching duties in 2002–03's top flight, helping the side retain its status in his 18 games in charge. After second division spells with Levante UD – with promotion – and Real Murcia, he returned to Santander; although the club finished just one point above the relegation zone, it managed a 2–1 win at Real Madrid, on 21 December 2005.
In the 2006 summer, Preciado switched to Sporting de Gijón. In his second season, he managed to lead the Asturias outfit to the top division after ten years, then maintain its league status, with the lowest budget of all 20 teams, after a 2–1 home win against Recreativo de Huelva, in the last round, on 31 May 2009.
Preciado again led Sporting into safety in the 2009–10 season (15th place). In November 2010, after resting almost his entire starting XI for a match against FC Barcelona two months earlier (eventually losing 0–1 away), he was accused by Real Madrid manager José Mourinho of throwing the match, and responded by calling the Portuguese a "bad colleague" and a "scumbag". After the war of words, the two teams met at the El Molinón on the 14th, with the visitors winning it 1–0; on 2 April 2011, at the Santiago Bernabéu, Sporting won by the same scoreline, becoming the first team in nine years to defeat Mourinho in a league match at home, with Preciado later commenting that "Mourinho entered our dressing room and congratulated us".
Preciado was fired on 31 January 2012 after nearly six years in charge, following a 1–5 away loss against Real Sociedad, and with Sporting ranking 19th in the league.
Personal.
In 2002, Preciado's wife died from cancer. Two years later, his 15-year old son (one of two the couple had) was killed in a car crash. He later claimed about the incidents: "I could have shot myself or I could have carried on".
On 20 April 2011, Preciado's father, also named Manuel, died after being run over in Santander.
Death and reaction.
On 6 June 2012, Preciado was appointed at Villarreal CF who, as Sporting had, suffered relegation at the season's end. Later in that day, he was found dead in an hotel in the Valencian Community, from a heart attack. He was reportedly a chain-smoker, consuming 40 cigarettes a day.
According to the Associated Press, "Preciado's sudden death led to an outpouring of emotional responses from Spanish clubs, coaches and players." Spain national team manager Vicente del Bosque, in Poland to prepare for UEFA Euro 2012, told Spanish sports daily "Marca" "We are all shocked. We were having breakfast and we were all taken back by the news. He was a caring person and a great sportsman. He was a man of football that was an honor to coaching." Team member Juan Mata said, "The truth is that this is difficult to digest. I always remember him smiling, as a happy person that transmitted his passion, joy and character to all his teams. Talking about him in the past tense is tough for me." Mourinho issued an open letter on Real Madrid's official website, saying in part that "He had everything I like in people and sportsmen: character, honesty and the courage to fight on." Joaquín Caparrós, manager at RCD Mallorca, said "I was so happy for him joining Villarreal. I am sure he would have taken it back to the first division. He should be a reference in the world of coaching."
In Gijón, many people met at "Estadio El Molinón", the home ground of Sporting, in order to pay their respects. The same day, the city Mayor announced she would make a proposal to name a street close to the stadium "Alameda de Manuel Preciado".
On 7 June 2013, just one year after Preciado's death, a bronze statue was inaugurated near El Molinón, with the funds being arranged through popular donations.

</doc>
<doc id="20605684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605684" title="Unimak Bay">
Unimak Bay

Unimak Bay (or Unimak Bight) is a bay on the southern side of Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.
The United States Navy seaplane tender USS "Unimak", in commission from 1943 to 1946, was named for the bay, and retained the name while she served as the United States Coast Guard Cutter USCGC "Unimak" from 1949 to 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20605694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605694" title="Walter Sullivan (novelist)">
Walter Sullivan (novelist)

Walter L. Sullivan (born in Nashville, Tennessee, on January 4, 1924, died in Nashville on August 15, 2006) was a southern novelist and literary critic. He published a number of works and was an English professor at Vanderbilt University for more than fifty years. He wrote chiefly about the literature, the society, and the values of the south. He was a founding charter member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers.
Life.
Walter Sullivan was born in Nashville. His father died three months later, and Walter, an only child, spent his childhood living with his mother and various aunts, uncles, and grandparents. After attending local schools, he began his studies at Vanderbilt University in Nashville in 1941, studying creative writing under Donald Davidson. He served in the Marines during World War II but the war ended before he was assigned to combat. He resumed his studies at Vanderbilt and was graduated in 1947. 
He married Jane Harrison and they moved to Iowa City, where he earned an MFA at the University of Iowa, studying under Andrew Nelson Lytle. He then returned to Vanderbilt and taught in the English department there from 1949 until his retirement in 2001.
He deplored the change in English studies from the close study of the great texts to the dominance of various forms of theory, and was one of the founders of the Fellowship of Southern Writers in 1987. "We members of the FSW believed that language could accurately communicate an author's intentions and that truth or an aspect thereof was available to those who were sufficiently gifted to find it. But ... our beliefs and our writings, our very selves, were anathema to a large part of the literary world." He gave up lecturing on British and American fiction and spent the later decades of his career teaching only fiction writing.
An Episcopalian, he became disenchanted with the direction the Church was taking, and helped form the Society for the Preservation of the Book of Common Prayer in the 1960s. In the late 1970s he and Jane joined the Catholic Church.
He and Jane had a daughter and two sons.
Walter Sullivan Prize.
Beginning in 2007, the "Sewanee Review" has awarded an annual prize in Sullivan's name to "an author published in the magazine that calendar year whose work demonstrates marked accomplishment in fiction or the criticism of fiction". Sullivan contributed "fiction and criticism for over four decades" to the "Sewanee Review".
Recipients have been:
Books.
Fiction.
These three books are novels. His numerous short stories remain uncollected.

</doc>
<doc id="20605697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605697" title="Stella Quintet">
Stella Quintet

As of July 2008, the group has released 2 singles.
With the appearance of new character Aoi Kaji in the TV special "Kin'iro no Corda ~secondo passo~", the group is now known as stella quintet+. They sang the theme song for the TV special, titled "The score in blue".

</doc>
<doc id="20605704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605704" title="Javier Vidales">
Javier Vidales

Javier Vidales (born September 14, 1965 in Astorga, León Province) is a Spanish football coach currently coaching Sporting de Gijón B.

</doc>
<doc id="20605707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605707" title="Castor and Pollux River">
Castor and Pollux River

The Castor and Pollux River is located in Nunavut, Canada about 50 miles northeast of Chantry Inlet. In 1839 it was reached from the west by Thomas Simpson and Peter Warren Dease who named it after their two boats. At this point the entire north coast of North America had been roughly mapped from the Bering Strait to the Castor and Pollox River. In 1854 it was reached from the east by John Rae (explorer), thereby closing the last gap in the line from Bering Strait to Hudson Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20605727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605727" title="National Highway 18 (India)">
National Highway 18 (India)

National Highway 18 (NH 18), is a National Highway in India that runs entirely within the state of Andhra Pradesh. The northern terminal is in Kurnool at the intersection of NH 7 and the southern terminal is in Chittoor at the intersection of NH 4. The length of the highway NH 18 is . 

</doc>
<doc id="20605753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605753" title="John Smith">
John Smith

John Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20605770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605770" title="Kanon (singer)">
Kanon (singer)

Her latest mini album, "My Road ~ Songs for Guin Saga" was released on August 26, 2009. Her fifth album planned to be released on March 31, 2011 as she stated on her blog. But, somehow she postponed it. Her new album is set to be released on April 27, 2011. The album's title is "A New Story"
Biography.
Though born in Japan, Kanon lived much of her childhood away from home. Growing up in a western world led her to pick up many such habits and customs, one of which includes a fluent tongue in English. She began participating in a choir at age 13, in which she acquired a fair amount of interest in classical vocalization as well as vocal technique. Kanon grew to appreciate famous composers such as Handel and Chopin. Little did she know that this timely love of classical music would mature and blossom into what will become the cornerstone of her career as an artist.
She debuted in July 2002 with her first live performance shortly after graduating the College of Music in Queensland, Australia. A year later, Kanon released a mini-album containing various songs in her own piano self-accompaniment. That same year she was invited to perform live in Russia at the Moscow Baptist Church, the Red-Plaza stage, and at a home for the elderly. She was very popular with the crowds and was deemed a highly regarded Japanese representative. The first year-and-a-half of her career proved to be a fantastic display of vocal prowess, but also, in particular, lacked in original compositions. It wasn’t until February 2004 when Kanon released the album [Hymn of Grace, this one being the first to include songs written and composed by her. Prior to this release she solely sang covers of songs (usually ones that fall under the category of popular folk songs) indigenous to various regions of the world.
Equipped with a beautiful face and a voice to match, Kanon aspired to reach the pinnacle of her potential, possibly out of a desire to far exceed the positive feedback from listeners all around the world. They say her voice is “one that heals,” which is an accurate description considering her soothing vocals and extensive range. Sony Music Japan International recognized her talents and together they released her first single Song of Love in October 2004.
The following year was busy, portentous to Kanon’s promotion now that she had her newly signed contract under Sony Music. June 2005 opened up with her album Flowers as well as an invitation to sing Japan’s national anthem during the 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany-Asia public showing. She ended the year with a flowering demonstration and a live performance in Tokyo in October. The release of her mini-album was complement to this display.
In 2006, Kanon released three singles [My Destiny/Serenade, and New Breeze. Her December album became the accumulation of her 2006 work with a few new additions. Kanon was invited to perform at MIDEM 2007 opening the 2007 year in January as Japan’s representative; this was very much an honor as it was enjoyable for her. Even after the significant privileges and eulogies bestowed unto Kanon, her style still reflects that of her essence – contemporary classical.
Tie-ins are also a part of Kanon’s routine and plays in her overall promotion. Her song “Brand New Breeze” is being used in the opening sequence of the current anime Kiniro no Corda ~primo passo~. In the videogame industry, one of Kanon’s most well-known endeavors is her collaboration with avex trax to aid in the completion of Namco’s RPG Tales of Legendia, in which she sung as lead vocalist in a few of the games’ tracks. In fact, visiting the provided link will direct you to the game’s official site, where a sample of one of those songs can be heard. One song in particular from the of Legendia Original Soundtrack, “Tori wa Naki, Boku wa Utau” (“The Bird Chirps, I Sing”), has captivated fans across the globe, thus increasing the number of listeners to what it is today.
Career.
She debuted in 2003 with a mini album titled "Alleluia -Piano & Voice-". As of year 2008, she already has 5 singles, 4 studio albums and 2 mini albums released and her latest appearance is at NHK Studio Park Kara Konnichiwa on March 19, 2008.
Collaborations.
As for songs on her albums, she often does compositions herself, however occasionally collaborated with other composers such as Saint-Preux and Francesco Sartori.
Discography.
Singles.
Kiseki Song of Love.
This single is released on October 20, 2004, while the catalogue number is SICL-95.
My Destiny/Serenade.
It was released on May 24, 2006 and the catalogue number is SICL-139.
Brand New Breeze.
This is released on November 22, 2006, catalogue number is SICL-149.
Studio albums.
Hymn of Grace.
Released on February 18, 2004; catalogue number VCCM-2001.
Primary Flowers.
Released on June 22, 2005, catalogue number: SICL-110.
Sanctuary.
Released on November 28, 2007, catalogue number is SICL-173.
Precious.
This album was released on November 18, 2007 and the catalogue number is SICL-173
A New Story.
This album is set to be released on April 27, 2011. Collaboration album release from Kanon and Nobuo Uematsu ("Final Fantasy" series). Features tracks from "Final Fantasy" series. The catalogue number is SICL-239
Mini albums.
Alleluia -Piano & Voice-.
This album was released on July 2, 2003. It was her debut album. The singer herself did all songs in this album, its composition and lyrics, except for Alleluia (Arranged version). The catalogue number is MSCV-2007
Destiny.
Released on October 26, 2005, catalogue number is SICL-124
My Road~ Songs for Guin Saga.
Released on August 26, 2009. The album contained songs for an anime : "Guin Saga"

</doc>
<doc id="20605772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605772" title="Juan Manuel Lillo">
Juan Manuel Lillo

Juan Manuel 'Juanma' Lillo Díez (born 2 November 1965) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of Millonarios Fútbol Club in Colombia.
Having entered the coaching business before his 20s, he became the youngest manager ever to coach a La Liga side, having taken over UD Salamanca at not yet 30.
Manager career.
Born in Tolosa, Gipuzkoa, Lillo began coaching local team Amaroz KE at just 16 and, four years later, he took charge of Tolosa CF in Tercera División. Afterwards he moved to CD Mirandés also in that level, and led the club to promotion to Segunda División B in the 1988–89 season, as champions. 
Lillo spent the 1991–92 campaign at Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa, advocating a 4–2–3–1 formation. He became the youngest coach to attain the national coaching badge in Spain.
Lillo made his name as a manager at UD Salamanca, joining the club in mid-1992 at the behest of the club's chairman, Juan José Hidalgo. In his first season he finished second in the third level, narrowly missing out on promotion playoffs, which he attained the following campaign without any major changes to the team. This prompted reported interest from La Liga outfit Real Valladolid, but the coach stayed with Salamanca until the end of 1995–96, with the club then in the top flight – this made him the youngest ever person to manage at the highest level, at only 29; after 28 games in charge, with Salamanca four points into the relegation zone, he was dismissed, but players and fans publicly opposed the sacking, supporting him in recognition of his achievements – Salamanca finished in last position, eleven points behind 21st-place CP Mérida.
Lillo then had some spells in the top division: in the 1996–97 season he worked with Real Oviedo, but was fired before its closure due to poor results. He returned to management in February 1998 with CD Tenerife, helping them avoid relegation in his first year; the following campaign, however, he did not see out the year, being sacked after 15 matches as the team was ultimately relegated. 
After a year-and-a-half break, Lillo returned to take the reins of Real Zaragoza – the team had qualified for the UEFA Cup the previous season, and manager Txetxu Rojo moved to Athletic Bilbao. He set about fulfilling the task of progressing in the European competition and repeating European qualification through the league, but did not achieve this, being released from the head coach position after barely three months.
Lillo did not return to coaching quickly: he worked as a Sports commentator for television channel Antena 3, during its 2002 FIFA World Cup coverage. From 2003 to 2005 he coached in Segunda División, with Ciudad de Murcia and Terrassa FC, with little success (the Catalans were even relegated).
In 2005 Lillo went to Mexico, joining Dorados de Sinaloa and resigning mid-season (the club would also eventually drop down a division). He insinuated that the team he was battling against to avoid relegation, Televisa-owned San Luis Fútbol Club, had gained unusual victories against more powerful opposition, which were also owned by the Televisa group; this caused much controversy in both the Mexican press and football league.
Following the incident, Lillo spent the following two years away from football until he was appointed as the new head coach of Real Sociedad in April 2008, with the Basque in division two. Despite losing only once during his tenure, he saw the club fail to reach a promotion spot, after finishing in sixth position, and was replaced by Martín Lasarte.
In late December 2009 Lillo replaced Hugo Sánchez at the helm of struggling UD Almería, just one place above the relegation zone. After helping the Andalusians finish 13th, his link was renewed for a further season.
On 20 November 2010, following a 0–8 home loss against FC Barcelona, Lillo was sacked by Almería, who were placed in the relegation zone, eventually being relegated after a four-year stay.

</doc>
<doc id="20605788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605788" title="Take a Chance">
Take a Chance

Take a Chance may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20605797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605797" title="Azra District">
Azra District

Azra District is a district of Logar Province, Afghanistan. It is located in the eastern part of the district and is 140km from the capital Kabul. It was moved from Paktia Province.
The district is geographically isolated from the capital of Logar. The primary agriculture in the province is hemp. 

</doc>
<doc id="20605807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605807" title="Nasir ad-Din, Tiberias">
Nasir ad-Din, Tiberias

Nasir ad-Dīn () was a small Palestinian Arab village southwest of Tiberias, on the crest of a slope that overlooks the Sea of Galilee. The village had several springs to the east, south, and southeast. In a 1931 British census, 179 people lived there, decreasing to 90 in a 1945 census. Nasir ad-Din and nearby al-Manara were in the same jurisdiction with 4,185 dunams of land, most of which was allocated to cereals.
History.
Nasir ad-Din is named after a shrine dedicated to Nasir ad-Din, an Ayyubid general who died while fighting the Crusaders and buried to the north of the village, according to local legend. A kilometer to the west is the shrine for another Muslim soldier who died fighting the Crusaders, named Sheikh al-Qaddumi.
At the time of the 1931 census, Zab'a had 35 occupied houses and a population of 179 Muslims.
During the British Mandate in Palestine, in the first half of the twentieth century, most of Nasir ad-Din's houses were scattered north-south, with no particular village plan. The inhabitants were Muslims, and mainly worked in agriculture and animal breeding. 
1948 War.
On April 12, 1948, the 12th battalion of Israel's Golani Brigade captured Nasir ad-Din to cut off Tiberias from major Arab centers to the west (Nazareth and Lubya). The skirmish lasted four hours because the Haganah encountered unexpected local resistance, but eventually most of the inhabitants fled to Tiberias or Lubya — British troops escorted villagers to Lubya. During the battle 22 Arabs were killed, six were wounded, and three were captured. The civilian deaths included seven men, at least one women, and a number of children. Two Haganah troops were also wounded. The capture and killing in Nasir ad-Din was a decisive factor for the flight of Arabs from Tiberias, and was a major demoralizing factor for Arab forces. All the houses were destroyed, and residents that remained were expelled on April 23.

</doc>
<doc id="20605817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605817" title="Universiade 2009">
Universiade 2009

Universiade 2009 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20605824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605824" title="2009 Universiade">
2009 Universiade

2009 Universiade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20605839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605839" title="Hadi Sharify">
Hadi Sharify

Club career.
Sharify was in Al-Nasr's squad for the 2000 FIFA Club World Championship.
International career.
Sharify made one appearance with the senior Saudi Arabia national football team during the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifying rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20605857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605857" title="Kharwar District">
Kharwar District

Kharwar District is a district of Logar Province, Afghanistan. It was created from Charkh District.
The district, is named after the village of Kharwar (Khawrakay), which is about 56 miles (90 kilometers) south of Kabul and about 40 kilometers northeast of Ghazni.
In July 2008 a coalition helicopter was shot down by small arms fire, an American officer said he was worried about the rising violence in the area.
In 2009 a coalition combat outpost was set up in the district. In 2013 the combat outpost was handed over to the Afghan National Army.
Kafir Kot - Archaeological remains.
Near the village are a series of archaeological remains known as Kafir Kot (not to be confused with Kafir Kot in Dera Ismail Khan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan). These are believed to date from the Kushano-Sassanian period (3rd-7th century AD).
Warwick Ball described Kharwar as "an extensive plain c. 40 km northeast of Ghazni on the route to Charkh-i Logar. Description: ruins of a large town, where many coins have been found." Dr. S M Raheen, the Afghan Minister of Culture and Information has said that "Kharwar is possibly more beautiful than Mes Aynak, almost the same age. Unfortunately looting is going on there, but no one pays any attention … I don't know why everybody cares just about Mes Aynak." 
The site is very large — approximately 19 square miles centered on the given coordinates, but never scientifically excavated, so its true size remains unknown— comprising a number of sites and ruins of an immense Buddhist monastery complex or city, where a fortified gate, many stupas, statues and coins have been found.
The site has been looted nearly continuously by locals and organized teams for the past several years. An Italian archaeological team was allowed to visit the site for one day in September, 2003.
All efforts should be made to halt the looting of this site, which archeologists term "the Pompeii of the Buddhist world": meaning a site that was essentially frozen in time, abandoned when the first Islamic armies reached this part of Central Asia during the 8th or 9th century.
Warwick Ball (in Archaeological Gazetteer of Afghanistan, nr 565) located a portion of Kharwar (or Khurwar) at latitude 34º43'N, longitude 68º52'E.
World City Database locates Kharwar at Lat. 33.74, long. 68.8958333
References.
Variant Names: Kharvar, Khawrakay, Karfir Kowt, Kefir Kot

</doc>
<doc id="20605891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605891" title="Aravan, Kyrgyzstan">
Aravan, Kyrgyzstan

Aravan is a town in the Fergana Valley, in the Aravan District of Osh Province, Kyrgyzstan, Central Asia about 25 km west of Osh. It is the capital of the Aravan District. Located on the Silk Road. Nearby are the Celestial Horses of Aravan, carved on a cliff face perhaps in the 1st century BC. They are thought to represent the 'blood-sweating horses' sought by the Chinese of the Han Dynasty. The petroglyphs have an important role in regional folklore and have become a pilgrimage site for Muslims in the Fergana Valley. There is a Sufi shrine. The Chil-Ustun cave system is 4 km away in the hills above the Aravan and Ak-Buura rivers. There is a similar cave system 20 km away. Neither is easily accessible.
Celestial Horses of Aravan.
The Celestial Horses site itself is just near the local hospital when you are about to enter Aravan, on your right hand side when coming from Osh. 
The petroglyphs, who date from the first century BC, are carved on a near-vertical rock face next to a cemetery and represent solar symbols and the legendary Fergana horses which were much sought after by Chinese emperor Wu-Di in the second century BC. The site was archaeologically researched from the 1930s to the 1980s, and excavations at the foot of the rock produced evidence of animal sacrifice sites. Today, the horse carvings and nearby spring are still a local pilgrimage site and there is a small mosque. As a matter of fact, there are far more modern-day graffiti than ancient petroglyphs on the rock since a local superstition considers it as a luckbringer to have your name eternalized on the rocks.
There are more petroglyphs near Camp Charbak.
Chil-Ustun.
Chil-Ustun cave is located on the south-west of Kyrgyzstan, in 3,5 km from Aravan settlement. Nearby, in the limestone hills that make up the foothills of the Ak Bura and Aravan river basins lie the Chil-Ustun cave system that is named after the stalactites that can be found here, (Chil-Ustun is Tajik and means "40 columns").
A huge entrance in the cave in the form of arc with a height of 15 m and a length of basement 25 m is located in the rocky group on almost plumb wall at the altitude of 1100 m. The cave consists of 3 halls of different volume, connected with corridors and narrow man holes. 
Tiff accumulated forms stalactites. Wandering kars of quaint forms of different colors from white and cream to dark-brown create a unique fairy interior of the hall. The length of the cave is 380 m.
Dangi Canyon.
To the south of Aravan is the Dangi Canyon, which is dissected by the Aravan River. In the canyon are a series of caves. The main one is Azhiadar-Unkur and Tuya-Moyun Mountain.
Football club FC Ak-Zhol.
Aravan's football team is FC Ak-Zhol. But the club withdrew from Kyrgyzstan League due to political unrest in April 2010.
Aravan's Mosque.
The largest mosque in Aravan. Was established in 2006 with help of money from Saudi Arabia. Part of the mosque was burned shortly after its establishment. The mosque was restored again within a short time with the help of people Aravan and was opened for worship.

</doc>
<doc id="20605896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605896" title="Talent Varieties">
Talent Varieties

Talent Varieties is a country music talent show on American network television and radio in 1955 that featured performers hoping to achieve fame in the entertainment business. 
The weekly ABC-TV program was a live half-hour summer replacement series hosted by Slim Wilson. Wilson introduced the amateur and professional talent, including music and comedy acts (many from the Ozarks); and his Tall Timber Trio, composed of Speedy Haworth (guitar), Bob White (bass guitar) and Bryan "Doc" Martin (steel guitar) provided accompaniment. Auditions were handled by Bill Ring. The Westport Kids appeared July 12, and Buck Griffin appeared August 2.
The show aired on Tuesday nights from June 28–November 1. Its original time slot was 7:30–8 p.m. Eastern Time, replacing "Cavalcade of America", but moved to 10–10:30 p.m. in September to briefly replace "Break the Bank".
ABC Radio simulcast the program under the name "Talent Round-Up" from 7:30 p.m., as well as carrying an additional half-hour until 8:30.
The program originated from the Jewell Theatre in Springfield, Missouri, home to ABC's "Ozark Jubilee"; and was produced and directed by the "Jubilee's" Bryan Bisney, who took over from Ring in September. 

</doc>
<doc id="20605911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605911" title="Ayce Cordy">
Ayce Cordy

Ayce Cordy (born 6 August 1990) is an Australian rules footballer with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL). The Bulldogs used their first round selection, 14th overall, to secure Cordy after St Kilda bid their first round selection (pick 13) for him. Cordy's father, Brian, played 124 games for the Bulldogs in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20605931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605931" title="Wardance (song)">
Wardance (song)

Wardance is Killing Joke's first single from their debut album "Killing Joke". It was released under Malicious Damage in February, 1980 as a 7" single. A small number of copies from the original Malicious Damage pressing came with a pre-typed folded form comprising military 'call-up papers' to be filled out and submitted by the purchaser. Near mint copies, in their picture sleeve with this insert in undamaged condition, sell at high prices in the collector's market. The B-side, "Pssyche", is commonly played live.
In 1982 a Canadian dark synthpop band named themselves Psyche after the B-Side of this single.
In 1993, Econoline Crush covered "Psyche" for their "Purge" EP, and in 2004, Nouvelle Vague on their self-titled debut album.
In 2001, Mad Capsule Markets covered "Wardance" on their album "010".

</doc>
<doc id="20605946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605946" title="Tara (song)">
Tara (song)

"Tara" is the second single from Moya Brennan's Grammy-nominated album "Two Horizons", released in the same year. The cover shows a photography by Peer Lindgreen.

</doc>
<doc id="20605966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605966" title="Redefine (Dragon Fli Empire album)">
Redefine (Dragon Fli Empire album)

Redefine is the third full-length album by Canadian hip hop duo Dragon Fli Empire, released in North America on Makebelieve Records in early 2009. Teekay has explained the album title by saying: ""We 'redefine' by using our creativity to bust free from any boxes placed on what we can accomplish.""
It features collaborations with a number of high-profile artists including Cadence Weapon, Masta Ace, Ohmega Watts, Josh Martinez, Moka Only and Raashan Ahmad and managed to reach number one for two weeks on the "!earshot" and "Chart Attack" hip hop charts, plus number three for several weeks on the U.S.-based "CMJ" hip hop charts.The album was also nominated for Best Rap / Hip Hop Recording at the 2009 Western Canadian Music Awards.
Music videos.
A video for "Outside Inn" (featuring Cadence Weapon) was directed by Ramin Eshraghi-Yazdi and released in late 2008. It became the group's first music video to receive airplay on MuchMusic and MuchVibe. In 2009, two more videos directed by Wal Martian (for "Keep the Funk Alive" and "Paradise feat. Moka Only") were released exclusively online.

</doc>
<doc id="20605970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605970" title="Botataung">
Botataung

Botataung () is a Burmese name that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20605972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605972" title="CBKO">
CBKO

CBKO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20605998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20605998" title="ActiveReports">
ActiveReports

ActiveReports is a .NET reporting tool used by developers of WinForms and ASP.NET applications. It was originally developed by Data Dynamics, which was then acquired by GrapeCity. ActiveReports is a set of components and tools that facilitates the production of reports to display data in documents and web-based formats. It is written in managed C# and allows Visual Studio programmers to leverage their knowledge of C# or Visual Basic.NET when programming with ActiveReports.
Among the components included with ActiveReports are exports to file formats such as PDF, Excel, RTF, and TIFF. The main component is a Visual Studio report designer with banded sections and an API that developers use to create customized reports from a variety of data sources. ActiveReports also includes a Windows Viewer control with a customizable toolbar that supports split and multi-page views, has a Table of Contents pane with a new Thumbnail view tab, and can perform text searches of reports.
The Professional Edition of ActiveReports adds to the Standard Edition tools an End-User Report Designer control that developers use to host the report designer in their own Microsoft Windows applications to let end users create and modify reports. It also includes a server-side Web viewer with Flash, PDF, and HTML viewer types; ASP.NET HTTP Handlers that export reports to HTML or PDF format without custom code; and PDF security features like time stamping and digital signatures.
The ActiveReports Professional Edition is included in the ActiveReports Reporting and BI Suite that also contains two additional products - Data Dynamics Reports and ActiveAnalysis.
ActiveReports Server.
ActiveReports Server is a Web-based ad hoc reporting tool that allows business users to perform ad hoc self-service report designing and viewing over the Web while using their Web browser. It also includes a Web-based administration portal and a software development kit (SDK). ActiveReports and Data Dynamics Reports XML-based report files can be imported into ActiveReports Server to make use of its centralized storage, rendering and distribution features.
Features new to version 6.
Latest Service Releases
Standard Edition
also support for various things
Features new to version 3.
ActiveReports Designer
Windows Forms Viewer
Reporting Engine
Professional Edition.
Includes all of the Standard Edition features, and adds the following:.
End-User Report Designer
ASP.NET
Awards and recognitions.
March, 26th 2010 - Ranked #7 in the ComponentSource Bestselling Product Awards for 2009-2010
May 7, 2009 - Finalist in the 2009 asp.netPRO Readers' Choice Awards
March 13, 2009 - Ranked #4 and #5 in the 2008 ComponentSource Bestselling Publishers List
March 13, 2009 - Ranked #2 in the 2008 ComponentSource Bestselling Products List
February 9, 2009 - ActiveReports Customers Give .NET Reporting and BI Tools High Ratings
May 15, 2006 - SD Times 100 Winner in the Components category
June 2, 2008 - SD Times 100 Finalist in the Components category
May 15, 2007 - SD Times 100 Finalist in the Components category
February 9, 2007 - 2006 ComponentSource Bestselling Publisher
February 9, 2007 - 2006 ComponentSource Bestselling Product

</doc>
<doc id="20606000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606000" title="George Stoppel Farmstead">
George Stoppel Farmstead

The George Stoppel Farmstead is a pioneer farm located just outside the western city limits of Rochester, Minnesota, USA. The farmstead is owned and operated by the History Center of Olmsted County. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20606001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606001" title="Jervois Street">
Jervois Street

Jervois Street (蘇杭街, formerly 乍畏街) is a street in Sheung Wan of Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.
History.
On December 28, 1851, a fire broke out and burned down Sheung Wan Market and hundreds of Chinese houses all around it resulting in 30 people being killed. The fire led to the redevelopment of the whole district which was supervised by Major-General William Jervois.

</doc>
<doc id="20606002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606002" title="North Common Meadow">
North Common Meadow

North Common Meadow is a open space preserve in the town of Petersham, Massachusetts. The property, part of a larger, contiguous area of protected open space including Harvard Forest and The Trustees of Reservations' Brooks Woodland Preserve, is maintained as grassland in keeping with the town's rural character.
The preserve, acquired in 1975 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations, is suitable for hiking, horseback riding, picnicing, and cross country skiing; it is also maintained as habitat for ground nesting birds such as the bobolink, red-winged blackbird, and eastern meadowlark.
Access to North Common Meadow is located off Massachusetts Route 32 and East Street in Petersham center.
History.
The property was formerly pasture land; later, it was part of the golf course of the Nichewaug Inn. It was given to the Trustees of Reservations by an anonymous donor. North Common Meadow is part of the Petersham Common Historic District, placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20606052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606052" title="Ranisstorum">
Ranisstorum

Ranisstorum is the name of the Ancient Roman fortification located east of Sarmizegetusa, the former capital of the old kingdom of Dacia. The exact location of this fortification is now lost, but it is possible that it was the present location called Sub Cununi, near Gradistea de Munte in Romania.
In 106 AD, Tiberius Claudius Maximus, of the Roman army, captured a fugitive Dacian king Decebalus, just moments after the king committed suicide in order not to be captured alive and suffer the same humiliation as Vercingetorix. Maximus cut Decebalus' head and right hand and brought them on a shield to Emperor Trajan, who was camped at that time at this fortification. As a result of this action, Maximus was made decurion and was given a second medal for bravery (the first was received from Emperor Domitian in 87 AD).

</doc>
<doc id="20606072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606072" title="Curtis Holbrook">
Curtis Holbrook

Curtis Holbrook is an American actor, singer, and dancer.
Career.
Film and television.
Curtis Holbrook played a minor role in the 2007 movie "Hairspray" as the dancer Brad on the Corny Collins Show. He appeared in the film "Across the Universe", also in 2007. Holbrook has also appeared in several television episodes which include Law and Order SVU, All My Children, Sesame Street, Nurse Jackie and As the World Turns.
Stage.
He started out as a dancer in the shows "Fosse" (1998) at the age of 17, "Footloose" (1998), "Radiant Baby" (2003 off-Broadway's Public Theater), "Taboo" (2003) and "The Boy From Oz" (2004), but he climbed the ladder to more prominent roles, playing Dean Hyde in "All Shook Up" (2005), Young Danny and other roles (and understudy for Sonny, performing the role for the entire month of July 2008) in "Xanadu" (2007) and Roland in "Saved" (2008 off-Broadway). He also played Young Buddy in the Encores! production of "Follies" (2007). He was last seen on Broadway as Action in the 2009 revival of "West Side Story". His most recent role was Gregory in the world premiere of "It Shoulda Been You" (2011), which played for a limited run at The George Street Playhouse in New Brunswick, NJ. In 2013, he will play the role of Will Parker in the Lyric Opera of Chicago's production of "Oklahoma!" to Jenn Gambatese's Ado Annie Carnes, with performances running from May 4 through May 19.

</doc>
<doc id="20606073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606073" title="New Irish Hymns">
New Irish Hymns

New Irish Hymns (released as In Christ Alone: New Hymns for Prayer and Worship, or for short In Christ Alone in the US) is the first in a series of themed albums created and produced by Keith Getty. 
This album features vocalists Máire Brennan, Margaret Becker and Joanne Hogg performing songs by Keith Getty and others (as indicated below). This album also marks the recorded debut of the Christian worship song, “In Christ Alone.” It was released in 2001 in Britain and 2002 in the rest of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20606074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606074" title="Kaikyō Yume Tower">
Kaikyō Yume Tower

The dominates the city of Shimonoseki and is the tallest tower in western Japan. Standing 153 metres tall, it was opened in July 1996. It forms a part of the Kaikyō Messe Shimonoseki building, which houses a conference centre and corporate offices.
The tower was designed by NTT Power and Building Facilities and built by Takenaka Corporation. 
Upon paying an admission fee, tourists can visit an observation deck in the glass sphere at the top of the building for panoramic views over the city and the Kanmon Straits.
The address of the tower is 3-3-1 Buzenda-cho, Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi, 750-0018

</doc>
<doc id="20606083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606083" title="Lurín River">
Lurín River

The Lurín River is a long watercourse located in the Lima Region of Peru. It originates in the glaciers and lagoons of the western Andes and is known as the Chalilla River until joining the Taquía creek where it receives its common name. Its main tributaries are the Taquía, Llacomayqui, Tinajas, Numinkancha and Kanchawara on its left bank and the Chamacna on its right one. It crosses the provinces Huarochirí and Lima in the Lima region before emptying in the Pacific Ocean. The drainage basin of the Lurín River covers an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="20606092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606092" title="Lauder Business School">
Lauder Business School

Lauder Business School is a business school in Vienna, Austria, operating as a Fachhochschule in the Austrian education system. It is currently headed by Rabbi Jacob Biderman who is the most senior Chabad Rabbi in Austria. There are currently 240 students enrolled in the School in two undergraduate and one graduate programs. The language of instruction is English.
History and development.
Lauder Business School was established in 2003 under the name of Vienna International College's Department of Economics, with financial help of Ronald Lauder, who also became the School President. Later the plans of VIC were dropped, and since then Lauder Business School operates under its own name.
Due to the ongoing construction activities and renovation of the campus facilities, the first intake was only 17 students, but by the 2008/2009 academic year the number has increased to 240 and 95 new students joined the school.
During the first years of existence, Lauder Business School offered a 8-semester Magister degree in "International Marketing and Management", but since 2007 students are accepted to two new programmes: a 6-semester Bachelor and a 4-semester Master's.
Schools founding dean was Dr. Bruno Kohlberg, who stepped down in 2006, leaving his chair to Prof. (FH) Mag. Silvia Kucera, who has been Director of the graduate Study program Export-Oriented Management at the IMC FH Krems University of Applied Management. She left Lauder Business School in 2012.
Campus.
Lauder Business School has one campus, which includes a main building with classrooms, library and the school synagogue, an administration building, auditoriums and dining building and a student residence. They are all located in the Döbling district of Vienna, between Pyrkergasse and Hofzeile.
These buildings (except one for the auditorium and dining, which was built especially for the school) comprise a former palace of Maria Theresa, given to her by Charles IV and built by Nicolò Pacassi.
Later the building was owned by members of the Rothschild family and served as a hospital. It was given to Lauder Business School by the mayor of Vienna Michael Häupl for a symbolic price in 2003.
"The Bank Austria Creditanstalt Auditorium" was built in 2003 and is dedicated to Gerhard Randa, former chairman of BA-CA. The first floor of the building works as the school canteen, and bears an official name of "Bogolyubov Foundation Beit Baruch Dining Hall". It is divided in two parts to accommodate with kashrut requirements.
The conversion and extension of the baroque ensemble of Lauder Business School was done by Kuhn Malvezzi, a Berlin-based architecture bureau.
Educational programs.
As for 2008/2009 academic year, Lauder Business School awards the following degrees:
Jewish Learning Program.
The Jewish Learning Program is a support program for Jewish students of the Lauder Business School, funded by the Jewish Heritage Fund which provides housing and dining scholarships for eligible students. 
Criteria for acceptance to the Jewish Learning Program are:
The main requirement of the participants is attendance in the JLP curriculum, which offers introductory classes in Torah, Jewish practices and customs, and Talmud. The focus of the curriculum is the study of Chumash (Pentateuch) with commentaries and midrashim.
The head of Jewish Studies is Dr. Michael Kigel.
Integration of Judaism.
Although the School itself is secular, majority of the students are Jewish and are members of the Jewish Learning Program.
There is no influence of this on the business studies curriculum, but the school life is adjusted for observant Jews and people interested in Judaism. The dining in the school canteen is kosher and supervised by Chabad, there are no classes on Shabbat nor on all the major Jewish holidays, as well as on Austrian and there is a synagogue on the school grounds.
Non-Jewish students can freely participate in the JLP classes, and there is an elective credited course in Jewish ethics available for everyone.

</doc>
<doc id="20606096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606096" title="Beit Nekofa">
Beit Nekofa

Beit Nekofa () is a moshav in the Jerusalem District of Israel, subordinate to the Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. Beit Nekofa is located in the Jerusalem Corridor, about 10 km west of central Jerusalem, next to Highway 1 and the Hemed Interchange, between Mevaseret Zion and Kiryat Ye'arim, south of Kiryat Anavim.
Etymology.
Beit Nekofa's name may be based on the name of an ancient town, Nukveta () of Benjamin, mentioned in the Talmud, from which the ancestors of Rabbi Judah haNasi are said to have come from. Nukveta is from the Hebrew word , "Nikba", or tunnel.
According to Zev Vilnay, Beit Nekofa was mentioned in the Jerusalem Talmud as the place of residence of a family of Kohanim. The Hebrew root of the name is "Nakaf" (, taken from Joshua 17:6), referring to the collection of olives by means of hitting the tree, as opposed to harvest by hand (the Hebrew root "Masak").
In Arabic, "Naqb" means (mountain) passage. An Arab village, Bayt Naqquba, existed in the same location until the 1948 Arab–Israeli War when the area came under Israeli control and the villagers were expelled. After the end of the war, the residents were allowed to return and established a new village, Ein Neqquba, on the opposite side of Highway 1.
History.
Beit Nekofa was founded in August 1949 by seven families who immigrated to Israel from Yugoslavia. The Neveh Ilan-Beit Nekofa area was devastated by fire in the summer of 1996.Two thousand dunams of forest and dozens of buildings in Kibbutz Kiryat Anavim and Moshav Beit Nekofa were destroyed or damaged in the blaze. 
Beit Nekofa runs a bronze foundry that employs many Arabs from the surrounding villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20606108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606108" title="Cantherhines dumerilii">
Cantherhines dumerilii

Cantherhines dumerilii is a species of fish in the family Monacanthidae, the filefishes. Its common names include whitespotted filefish, barred filefish, orange-fin file, and yelloweye leatherjacket. It is distributed in the Indian and Pacific Oceans where it is found on coral reefs.
Description.
This fish can reach in length but is more usually around . The dorsal fin has two spines and thirty-four to thirty-nine soft rays The anal fin has no spines and twenty-eight to thirty-five soft rays. This fish has yellow eyes and its general color is grayish or yellowish-brown with about twelve vertical dark bars. The fleshy lips are white. The tail fin is small, rounded and orange and the other fins are yellowish. The spines on the caudal peduncle are orange, with the male having longer and deeper orange caudal spines and a darker orange caudal fin and darker eyes.
Distribution and habitat.
"Cantherhines dumerilii" is native to the Indo-Pacific region. Its range extends from the East African coast to French Polynesia, Japan and Hawaii. It is also present in the eastern Pacific Ocean off the coasts of Mexico and Colombia. It is a common resident of coral reefs and likes to have rock crevices and caves to retreat into if disturbed. Juveniles are pelagic and sometimes hide under floating objects.
Behavior.
The fish lives around reefs down to depths of , but usually staying in shallower waters and sometimes nearing the surface. It is a shy fish, hiding if danger threatens. It is usually seen singly or in pairs and feeds on the tips of branching corals, algae, sponges, sea urchins, and molluscs.

</doc>
<doc id="20606114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606114" title="CBYW">
CBYW

CBYW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20606128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606128" title="Pervagor melanocephalus">
Pervagor melanocephalus

Pervagor melanocephalus is a Filefish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 16 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20606134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606134" title="Bident">
Bident

A bident is a two-pronged implement resembling a pitchfork. In classical mythology, the bident is associated with Pluto, the ruler of the underworld, while the three-pronged trident is the implement of Poseidon (Neptune), ruler of the sea and of earthquakes.
Etymology.
The word 'bident' was brought into the English language before 1914, and is derived from the Latin "bidentis", meaning "having two prongs".
Historical uses.
Ancient Egyptians used a bident as a fishing tool, sometimes attached to a line and sometimes fastened with flight feathers. Two-pronged weapons mainly of bronze appear in the archaeological record of ancient Greece.
In Roman agriculture, the "bidens" (genitive "bidentis") was a double-bladed drag hoe or two-pronged mattock, although a modern distinction between "mattock" and "rake" should not be pressed. It was used to break up and turn ground that was rocky and hard. The "bidens" is pictured on mosaics and other forms of Roman art, as well as tombstones to mark the occupation of the deceased.
In mythology.
Neither Pluto nor Hades is depicted unambiguously with a bident in ancient art, and the antiquity of this attribute has never been determined. Two-pronged weapons do appear in Greek literature and art.
The spear of Achilles is said by a few sources to be bifurcated. Achilles had been instructed in its use by Peleus, who had in turn learned from Chiron the Centaur. The implement may have associations with Thessaly. A black-figured amphora from Corneto (Etruscan Tarquinia) depicts a scene from the hunt for the Calydonian boar, part of a series of adventures that took place in the general area. Peleus is accompanied by Castor, who is attacking the boar with a two-pronged spear.
A bronze trident found in an Etruscan tomb at Vetulonia seems to have had an adaptable center prong that could be removed for use as a bident. A kylix found at Vulci in ancient Etruria was formerly interpreted as depicting Pluto (Greek "Plouton") with a bident. A black-bearded man holding a peculiarly two-pronged instrument reaches out in pursuit of a woman, thought to be Persephone. The vase was subjected to improper reconstruction, however, and the couple are more likely Poseidon and Aethra. On Lydian coins that show "Plouton" abducting Persephone in his four-horse chariot, the god holds his characteristic scepter, the ornamented point of which has sometimes been interpreted as a bident. Other visual representations of the bident on ancient objects appear to have been either modern-era reconstructions, or in the possession of figures not securely identified as the ruler of the underworld. 
The Cambridge ritualist A.B. Cook saw the bident as an implement that might be wielded by Jupiter, the chief god of the Roman pantheon, in relation to Roman bidental ritual, the consecration of a place struck by lightning by means of a sacrificial sheep, called a "bidens" because it was of an age to have two teeth. In the hands of Jupiter (also known as Jove, Etruscan Tinia), the trident or bident thus represents a forked lightning bolt. In ancient Italy, thunder and lightning were read as signs of divine will, wielded by the sky god Jupiter in three forms or degrees of severity (see "manubia"). The Romans drew on Etruscan traditions for the interpretation of these signs. A tile found at Urbs Salvia in Picenum depicts an unusual composite Jove, "fairly bristling with weapons": a lightning bolt, a bident, and a trident, uniting the realms of sky, earth, and sea, and representing the three degrees of ominous lightning (see also Summanus). Cook regarded the trident as the Greek equivalent of the Etruscan bident, each representing a type of lightning used to communicate the divine will; since he accepted the Lydian origin of the Etruscans, he traced both forms to the same Mesopotamia source.
The later notion that the ruler of the underworld wielded a trident or bident can perhaps be traced to a line in the "Hercules Furens" ("Hercules Enraged") of Seneca. Dis (the Roman equivalent of Greek "Plouton") uses a three-pronged spear to drive off Hercules as he attempts to invade the underworld. Seneca also refers to Dis as the "Infernal Jove" or the "dire Jove", the Jove who gives dire or ill omens "(dirae)", just as in the Greek tradition, "Plouton" is sometimes identified as a "chthonic Zeus." That the trident and bident might be somewhat interchangeable is suggested by a Byzantine scholiast, who mentions Poseidon being armed with a bident.
In art.
In Western art of the Middle Ages, classical underworld figures began to be depicted with a pitchfork. Early Christian writers identified the classical underworld with Hell, and its denizens as demons or devils. In the Renaissance, the bident became a conventional attribute of Pluto in art. Pluto, with Cerberus at his side, is shown holding the bident in the mythological ceiling mural painted by Raphael's workshop for the Villa Farnesina (the "Loggia di Psiche," 1517–18). In a scene depicting a council of the gods, the three brothers Jove, Pluto, and Neptune are grouped closely, with a Cupid standing before them. Neptune holds the trident. Elsewhere in the "loggia", a putto holds a bident.
Perhaps influenced by this work, Agostino Carracci had depicted Pluto with a bident in a preparatory drawing for his painting "Pluto" (1592), in which the god holds instead his characteristic key. In Caravaggio's "Giove, Nettuno e Plutone" (ca. 1597), a ceiling mural based on alchemical allegory, it is Neptune who holds the bident.

</doc>
<doc id="20606139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606139" title="Pervagor spilosoma">
Pervagor spilosoma

Pervagor spilosoma is a Filefish from the Eastern Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 18 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20606173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606173" title="Meuschenia hippocrepis">
Meuschenia hippocrepis

Meuschenia hippocrepis is a Filefish from the Eastern Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 51 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20606180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606180" title="Georges Mamelonet">
Georges Mamelonet

Georges Mamelonet (born 30 November 1954 in Casablanca, Morocco) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Gaspé in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Prior to his election to the Assembly, Mamelonet served as mayor of Percé. He studied at École de la Marine nationale in Marseille, France as a steam and diesel mechanic before moving in the Gaspésie region in 1978 and worked as a businessman and restaurateur until starting his political career. Involved in various organization throughout the region, he is also a member of the Canadian Coast Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="20606186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606186" title="Paramonacanthus japonicus">
Paramonacanthus japonicus

Paramonacanthus japonicus is a filefish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20606192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606192" title="Xi Lan">
Xi Lan

Xi Lan (, meaning: "Atlanta's joy") (b. August 30, 2008) is a male giant panda cub currently residing at Zoo Atlanta. He is the son and second offspring of Lun Lun and Yang Yang. He is the brother of Mei Lan, who was born at Zoo Atlanta in 2006; Po, born at Zoo Atlanta on November 3, 2010; and twins Mei Lun and Mei Huan, born at Zoo Atlanta on July 15, 2013.
Xi Lan was born at Zoo Atlanta on August 30, 2008, and is the only panda cub born in the United States in the year 2008. As with Mei Lan, Zoo Atlanta announced that the public would be able to vote for the cub's name. Twelve selections were made and on December 8, 2008, the winning name, Xi Lan, was unveiled at his 100-day naming ceremony.
Xi Lan made his public debut on December 30, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20606201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606201" title="Germain Chevarie">
Germain Chevarie

Germain Chevarie (born 10 September 1952) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Îles-de-la-Madeleine in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Prior to his election to the Assembly, Chevarie was the manager of health services for the Magdalen Islands and work at the region's Health and Social Services centers and the CLSC. He obtained a bachelor's degree in social sciences from the University of Moncton and a second cycle (master's) degree at Laval University in organizations management and development. He also obtained a master's degree in public administration at the ENAP in Montreal

</doc>
<doc id="20606204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606204" title="Intercollegiate Soccer Football Association">
Intercollegiate Soccer Football Association

The NCAA held its first men's National Collegiate Soccer Championship in 1959, with eight teams selected for the tournament. Before 1959, unofficial champions were declared by the Intercollegiate Soccer Football Association (ISFA). These were the result of polls and the subjective opinion of the ISFA administrators. In addition, the College Soccer Bowl was held from 1950-1952 in an attempt to decide a national champion on the field. However, the field for the Soccer Bowl was a mere four teams, and they also were selected subjectively.
College soccer started in Northeast colleges and at private schools in the late 19th century, while club soccer was mostly played in the Midwest and the South. In the West, Stanford started up a soccer program in 1911, University of San Francisco in 1932, and UCLA in 1937, playing largely amateur teams. In 1945, at the end of the world war, the ISFA had only 22 member college teams. This grew to over 50 by 1947. 
The ISFA was founded in 1926 and offered an annual Outstanding Soccer Team award, the mythical national soccer championship, through 1935 and from 1946 through 1958. From 1905 through 1925, the Intercollegiate Soccer Football League (an Ivy League forerunner) determined an annual champion.
College champions were determined by various methods over the years as listed below. They are all considered unofficial.

</doc>
<doc id="20606218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606218" title="Chaetodermis penicilligerus">
Chaetodermis penicilligerus

Chaetodermis penicilligerus, also known as the Prickly leather-jacket or Tasselled Leather-jacket, is a demersal Marine fish belonging to the family Monacanthidae. It occasionally makes its way into the marine aquarium fish trade.
Description.
The Prickly leather-jacket is a medium sized fish which grows up to 31 cm.
The body is highly compressed laterally, stocky, the mouth is terminal,the head size is big proportionally to the body.
Dermal appendages are visible mainly on the body's margin and also on the sides. They are part of the fish camouflage system
Distribution & habitat.
It is widely distributed throughout the tropical waters of the Indian Ocean, Red Sea, Persian Gulf and South Africa excluded, to the central island of the Pacific Ocean.
Like many of the groupers, "Cephalopholis leopardus" lives in rich clear waters close to coral or rocky reefs from the surface until depth with an average depth range from 3 to .
The background coloration of the body is light brown or sand-colored with dark longitudinal lines and blotches outlined with blue.
The Tasselled Leather-jacket has two erectile dorsal spines.
Its dorsal, anal and caudal fin are translucent but only the rays are a bit darker and visible.
Distribution & habitat.
It is widely distributed throughout the tropical waters of the center of the Indo-West Pacific.
"Chaetodermis penicilligerus" lives in lagoons and coastal areas with seagrass beds in which it's quite easy for the fish to dissimulate from the surface until .
Feeding.
The Tasselled Leather-jacket is feeding mainly on algaes and small marine invertebrates.
Behavior.
The Prickly leather-jacket is solitary and has a diurnal activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20606232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606232" title="Jacquet–Langlands correspondence">
Jacquet–Langlands correspondence

In mathematics, the Jacquet–Langlands correspondence is a correspondence between automorphic forms on GL2 and its twisted forms, proved by using the Selberg trace formula. It was one of the first examples of the Langlands philosophy that maps between L-groups should induce maps between automorphic representations. There are generalized versions of the Jacquet–Langlands correspondence relating automorphic representations of GL"r"("D") and GL"dr"("F"), where "D" is a division algebra of degree "d"2 over the local or global field "F".
Suppose that "G" is an inner twist of the algebraic group GL2, in other words the multiplicative group of a quaternion algebra. The Jacquet–Langlands correspondence is bijection between
Corresponding representations have the same local components at all unramified places of "G".

</doc>
<doc id="20606247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606247" title="Red John">
Red John

Red John is a fictional character and the primary antagonist of the CBS crime drama "The Mentalist". As a serial killer, he's believed to have begun his killing spree in 1998, and has, with his operatives and acolytes, killed more than 50 people in California, Nevada, and Mexico, throughout his murder spree. Five years prior to the action of the first episode, he murdered the wife and the daughter of Patrick Jane (Simon Baker), making Jane his dedicated nemesis.
In the season 3 finale, "Strawberries and Cream (Part 2)", Jane encounters a man in a shopping mall who convinces him he is Red John and whom he subsequently kills. The man was portrayed by Bradley Whitford. However, after this "cliffhanger" episode, it was determined by Jane throughout early season 4, that the man he killed, Timothy Carter, although a psychopathic killer himself, was not Red John, but one of Red John's many operatives.
In the episode "Red Sails in the Sunset", Lorelei Martins, a Red John operative, who goes astray after Jane convinces her that Red John murdered her sister, Miranda, accidentally reveals to Jane that he has already met Red John and shaken his hand. Jane compiled a list of men whose hands he has shaken and eventually narrows the list to seven names. Lorelei, however, is captured by Red John, whom she refused to name to Jane, breaking a promise she had made, and reads a pre-mortem message from Red John threatening to go back to killing "a lot" until Jane captures Red John or vice versa. In Lorelei's message from Red John, she names the seven men Jane had narrowed down his list to include, indicating that somehow Red John has gotten inside Jane's mind, although Red John doesn't deny being one of the seven men.
In the season 6 episode 'Red John', the eponymous serial killer's identity is revealed to be Thomas McAllister, the sheriff of Napa County, portrayed by Xander Berkeley. After unmasking himself to Patrick Jane, McAllister discloses that he is the founder and overall leader of the secret organization known as the .
"TV Guide" included Red John in its 2013 list of "The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time".
Character profile.
The number of people in series who claim to have met "Red John" is limited. Although Patrick Jane learns that he has met Red John and shaken his hand at some point, Jane only discovered Red John's true identity midway through season 6. Nevertheless he relentlessly pursued Red John, and ultimately in Season 5 narrowed his list of suspects to seven.
The information below reflects speculation before the character's identity was revealed in the series.
The Face and other signatures.
As part of his criminal signature, Red John draws a smiley face on the wall with the blood of the victim—always clockwise (except when it was portrayed in skywriting in "Red John's Footsteps"), using the three fingers of his rubber-gloved right hand. Patrick Jane says in the pilot episode, ""Red John thinks of himself as a showman; an artist. He has a strong sense of theater ... the first thing that anyone sees is the face on the wall. You see the face first and you know. You know what's happened and you feel dread. Then, and only then do you see the body of the victim. Always in that order.""
Jane uses this information to work out that an apparent Red John murder was a copycat crime. Red John has twice painted his victim's toenails with their own blood. Both were female. The first was Patrick Jane's wife, Angela, to strike a personal blow against Jane for derogatory comments Jane made on television about Red John. Years later, knowing the case would be intercepted by the California Bureau of Investigation team and that the reminder of his wife's death would make Jane furious, Red John painted the toenails of a young girl, to lead Jane into a trap.
Red John's victims have been mostly female, with some exceptions, such as Jared Renfrew (Todd Stashwick) in the season 1 episode "Red John's Friends", a man Jane helped to be released from prison on the condition he would give Jane information on the whereabouts of Red John. Fearing Red John, the man escaped Jane's custody before giving any relevant information. Later that day, the man contacted Jane to explain that he would be of no further assistance, although this doesn't save Renfrew's life. Jane used background noises from the conversation as a starting point to find this man, but Red John got to him first, killing both Renfrew and the prostitute Renfrew had been with. In the Season 2 episode "His Red Right Hand", it is revealed another man was killed when he interrupted his wife's murder at the hand of Red John. Jane believes this occurred early in Red John's career and that Red John made a "mistake" due to his inexperience. Jane believes Red John removed the body from the crime scene (something he had otherwise not done) to bury the mistake. In the Season 2 finale, Red John and Jane meet when Red John rescues Jane from kidnappers; however Red John wears a mask that obscures his face. In the season 4 episode "Blinking Red Light", Red John kills James Panzer, a blogger and serial killer known as the San Joaquin killer, after Panzer has been goaded by Jane into insulting Red John on television. Jane did this because he could think of no other way to protect society from Panzer.
In Season 4 premiere, Patrick Jane says that Red John's victims are ""nearly all women, late at night, in their homes. He wakes them first, because he likes to see the fear in their eyes. He likes to hear them beg for mercy as he cuts them open.""
In the episode "The Scarlet Letter" (season 2, episode 2), Jane tells Senior Special Agent Sam Bosco that ""Red John doesn't make mistakes. He doesn't leave clues. If you have new evidence, it's because he wants you to have it. The question isn't 'What does it mean?'; it's 'Why did he give it to you?'""
Bruno Heller, show's creator, has said that Red John isn't a "pathetic loser who is hiding out in a basement somewhere", and that Jane is "not fighting the Green River Killer. He's fighting Moriarty." In addition, "Jane and the audience are coming to the gradual realization that this is a much larger task than it seemed at first. It's like those Amazon tribesmen who throw spears at passing airplanes, then come to realize those planes are the seeds of a much larger civilization that is coming down on them." Like Moriarty, Red John has a network of agents, willing to kill or to die for him. In a radio interview Heller has also stated: ""Red John is really just a personification of death, I mean it's that simple. Patrick Jane is very much alive and is very much about being alive in the face of death. And Red John is the fate that awaits us all in the end.""
Tyger Tyger Conspiracy: The Blake Association.
In the season finale of the second season, a William Blake theme is introduced, when a person, whom we believe at the time to be Red John, saves Patrick Jane from being killed under the direction of deranged slasher-movie makers Ruth and Dylan. Jane is tied with saran wrap to a chair and, while he is immobilized, the Red John character recites the William Blake poem "Tyger, Tyger". This is the wording of the first verse of the poem, which is the verse that Red John recites:
Tyger! Tyger! burning bright
In the forests of the night, 
What immortal hand or eye 
Could frame thy fearful symmetry?
In subsequent episodes (season 3), Jane wonders about this, but doesn't tell anyone that Red John recited it to him. In episode 9 of season 3 (Red Moon), the serial cop killer, Todd Johnson is burned alive. While in the ICU, with Jane the only person present, Todd Johnson whispers in his dying breath "Tyger! Tyger!". This makes Jane conclude that there is a connection between Todd Johnson and Red John, but he doesn't tell anyone about this either.
During the subsequent episodes, it becomes very clear that Red John either has an inside man in the CBI or is himself working within the CBI. In episode 16 of season 3 (Red Queen), the new director of the CBI, Gale Bertram, also recites William Blake. This time it's from another poem, called "Cradle song". The two lines he recites are these:
And when thy little heart doth wake,
Then the dreadful night shall break
Jane is not present at the time of the reciting, but it is quite out of character for Gale Bertram to recite poetry, and the fact that it is a poem by the same author is probably more than just coincidence. In the season 5 finale, it is revealed that Bertram is one of Jane's seven suspects.
In the season 3 finale, Jane tells the entire team all that he knows, and recites the first verse of the "Tyger! Tyger!" poem. Kimball Cho knows the poem very well, and recites the first two lines of the second verse:
In what distant deeps or skies
Burnt the fire of thine eyes?
When discussing what the poem means, Cho says "Well, God made the lamb, but he also made the tiger. You can't have light without darkness. Life without death." In his interpretation, he refers to a third, and earlier poem by William Blake, called "The Lamb" to which "Tyger! Tyger!" is a response or a further musing on the different parts of creation and the reasons for them, as started in "The Lamb". Actually, Blake himself refers to "The Lamb" in "Tyger! Tyger!", in the last line of the fifth verse:
Did he who made the Lamb make thee?
In the season 6 episode "Red Listed", there is a revelation by Bob Kirkland as to what "Tyger, Tyger" means. Kirkland reveals to Smith that corrupt officials use the term "Tyger, Tyger" to cover up dirty work done under law enforcement. Smith pretends to know nothing about "Tyger, Tyger" until he shoots Kirkland in the back six times, after which he tells the driver, who belongs to the same organization, "Tyger, Tyger". The driver replies with the same phrase.
In the season 6 episode "The Red Tattoo", a woman named Kira Tinsley is murdered by a man with a tattoo containing three dots - she reveals this to Jane in her final moments. Jane, believing that the man who killed Tinsley was Red John, gathers his five remaining Red John suspects into one location, only to find that three of his suspects have the identical tattoo of three dots, revealing that they are all part of the "Tyger, Tyger" group of corrupt officials.
In the season 6 episode "The Great Red Dragon", Red John suspect Reede Smith decides to hand himself in after the same organization he is part of attempts to kill him, in the same way he killed Bob Kirkland. Once he is alone with Lisbon and Jane, he reveals that he is a member of The Blake Association, that they use the phrase "Tyger, Tyger" to identify fellow members and that Red John is also a member of the Association. Explaining how he came to join the Association after accidentally shooting a girl, the Association promised to clear his name and protect him if he agreed to join them and follow any and all instructions given to him, up to and including murder.
Victims.
As of Season 5, Red John had killed a number of people, mostly women. In the series pilot, a copycat killer claims in a letter that he has killed 12 women (he claims to have "12 wives" in the letter). This means that only 11 women had been killed by the real Red John at the time of episode one. In the episode "Red Dawn", when Jane first joins the CBI, he states at that time Red John was known to have killed 10 people. After Jane kills Timothy Carter, he tells the jury that Red John killed "at least 28 people".
Indirect victims/killed by Red John associates.
Red John's disciples or operatives are willing and ready to assist him, including in acts of murder to either sabotage investigations or influence events. Almost all die after serving their purpose(s). These include:
Appearances, accomplices, and copycats.
Face-to-face.
The character of Red John has remained largely unseen from the beginning. His face was confined in the shadows when he made his escape from the abandoned house in the first-season finale. He may have appeared as a slim, dark-haired CHP motorcycle officer (blue turtle neck, rather than blue tie) to poison Rebecca using his left hand; he is also seen in flashback in "His Red Right Hand". In the second-season finale, "Red Sky in the Morning", a man claiming to be Red John appears in the flesh, wearing a black sweatshirt, apron and pants, black rubber gloves, a pair of charcoal boots, and a grotesque rubber mask that distorts his face, making him look a little similar to what many believe the real life serial killer Jack the Ripper donned during his murder hunts. In the episode, Red John saves Jane from two student filmmakers who had copycatted Red John murders. During the encounter, Red John keeps his face hidden behind a mask, preventing Jane from identifying him. Before leaving Jane, Red John recites the first stanza of William Blake's poem, "The Tyger".
There have been further developments in season 5. In "Red Sails in the Sunset", Lorelei Martins reveals, in a moment of pique, that Red John is someone Jane knows by telling him that he and Red John are very much alike and she is surprised that they didn't become best friends as soon as they shook hands.
Todd Johnson and Red John impersonator.
In the episode "Red Moon", Jane exposes an EMT worker, Todd Johnson (Josh Braaten), as a serial cop killer. After being locked in a holding cell in the CBI headquarters, Johnson says he will only talk to Jane, as he claims only Jane will understand what he has to say. When the guard returns with Jane, Johnson has been set aflame and is writhing on fire. On his death bed, Johnson says to Jane, "Tyger, Tyger", indicating he is in some way connected to Red John. Jane then begins a secret investigation of his own to track the killer. Meanwhile, Special Agent J.J. LaRoche (Pruitt Taylor Vince) tries to find who killed Johnson. He ultimately suspects Supervising Agent Madeleine Hightower (Aunjanue Ellis), due to DNA evidence that Jane believes has been planted by Red John or one of his accomplices. Hightower escapes by pretending to take Jane hostage. Jane successfully hides the innocent Hightower in the trunk of Agent LaRoche's car, and advises her to remain in hiding, not only to evade the police, but also due to the danger represented by Red John. Hightower goes to stay with her sister.
In the season 3 finale, "Strawberries and Cream Part 2", the mole is identified as Grace Van Pelt's fiancé, FBI Agent Craig O'Laughlin (played by Eric Winter); O'Laughlin attempts to assassinate Hightower and instead shoots Lisbon, and is then himself shot dead by Hightower and Van Pelt in tandem. In a mall, after Gale Bertram leaves in a huff over Jane's wasting of his time, Jane, on a call with Lisbon during the shootout, tells her to use O'Laughlin's cell phone to redial the last number and tell the one who answered that O'Laughlin is dead. When Lisbon does so, a phone rings near Jane, and is answered by a man (Timothy Carter, played by Bradley Whitford) reading a newspaper and speaking in an odd voice. After ending the call, Jane approaches the man and questions him. At first, the man appears upset and threatens to call security, but then smiles and says he was joking, speaking in a relaxed voice he claims he is Red John. The two talk; the man reveals to Jane that he has a gun concealed in a folded newspaper, and states that he is tired of killing and wants to start a new life, and encourages Jane to do the same. Jane says he will not be able to move on until Red John is dead. The man proceeds to leave, but at Jane's insistence answers a question posed by Jane, revealing details about Jane's wife and daughter that Jane mistakenly presumes only Red John could know. Jane shoots Carter with a gun he has hidden in his pocket. In Season 4, Carter is shown to have been a Red John operative imposter.
Red John still at large.
In reference to the season 3 finale, the series creator, Bruno Heller, has stated: ""What you get from that scene is what you should get. The viewer is supposed to be convinced. Patrick Jane is certain it's Red John... The thing is, Red John is a master of the mind game. If Red John wanted to die, maybe this is how he wanted to die. Or maybe he just wants Jane to think he's dead."" In the season 4 premiere it is revealed that Ron Deutsch, the bald security officer at the mall, was a Red John operative who removed crucial evidence from the scene. Jane comes to believe the man he shot was not Red John, but one Timothy Carter, a twisted business man who along with his equally twisted wife, Sally, had kidnapped a young woman Debbie Lupin, in whose search the couple cynically pretended to join. Jane tricks Sally into revealing the girl's location. Sally Carter is arrested by Lisbon and taken into custody, not to be heard from again, as she commits suicide in jail. Jane convinces a jury that Carter was Red John, and is acquitted, although Jane is already beginning to have doubts about that.
In "Little Red Book", Lisbon arranges a meeting with Agent J.J. LaRoche, who is apparently leaving Major Crimes, to see Sally Carter, who committed suicide by sharpening a spoon, leaving a long note about how lost she was now that her "God" (by which she presumably means Timothy Carter) is dead. But Jane, still not satisfied Carter was Red John, brings Rosalind Harker, the blind woman who had a relationship with Red John, to identify Carter's body. She feels his face and told him that she had never met the man before, confirming Jane's suspicion that Red John is ""still out there somewhere"".
James Panzer and Susan Darcy's investigation.
By the episode "Blinking Red Light", it is now widely-believed and accepted Red John is dead, with Jane and Lisbon the only ones aware he is still alive. One of the people believing Red John to be dead is James Panzer, a blogger pretending to devote his life to find a serial killer known as "the San Joaquin Killer" (abbreviated SJK, who has killed at least five young women). In reality Panzer is the killer himself. Jane suspects Panzer is the SJK, but initially lacks the proof to expose him. When he and Panzer both appear on Karen Cross's television talk show discussing the SJK case, Jane recognizes Panzer has to be stopped, and goads Panzer into comparing Red John unfavorably to SJK. Panzer rises to the bait, making bold statements that the SJK killings were the work of a genius and Red John by comparison is a ""common sociopath, lazy, sloppy, delusional"" and already forgotten since Jane killed him. Panzer then makes the same mistake made by Jane himself and Kristina Frye: namely, belittling Red John in a public forum. A couple hours later after the television appearance, Panzer is found murdered, with Red John's smiley face painted in blood on one of the walls near his body. Panzer's murder proves Jane's theory that Red John is, in fact, still alive. This makes Panzer Red John's ninth male victim.
By the episode "Always Bet on Red", the FBI had investigated Panzer's murder and believed that a copycat of Red John was now active. The agent in charge, Susan Darcy (Catherine Dent), begins pressing Jane for confirmation that he did, in fact, kill Red John. At this time, Red John is shown to be stalking Darcy via an uploaded video called "I Dare You" on the Major Crime server, which shows her in her apartment, unaware that she is being filmed. The cameraman uploads an infobox saying, ""She's cute, this is going to be fun"." Jane reluctantly frames the late Thomas Maier, father of Panzer's first victim, for killing Panzer as revenge for SJK's victims - Maier had recently committed suicide. The FBI closes the case, presumably leaving Darcy safe, as she will presumably drop her inquiry.
In the episode "Red is the New Black", Jane's efforts are later exposed and undone when Darcy refuses to let the case go after finding too many discrepancies. Darcy interviews Rosalind Harker, Red John's blind ex-girlfriend, and also the attendant of the morgue that Timothy Carter's body was taken to following his death. Darcy subsequently realizes that Red John was, indeed, still alive even though Jane has kept up the deception. Later, Harker contacts Jane and happily reveals Red John, once again under the alias "Roy Tagliaferro", has come to visit her for tea—tea is also Patrick Jane's beverage of choice, he rarely drinks anything else—promising to "sort things out" with Jane and Darcy. As Harker speaks on the phone, a slim man, holding a tea cup in his left hand, and dressed in a smart, dark-coloured suit, is sitting nearby; Harker, when asked, confirms that "Roy" is present and listening.
Jane, fearing Red John will kill Harker, alerts Lisbon and Darcy, and they proceed to her house with an FBI SWAT team. Upon arrival, they find Harker alive and unhurt, playing her piano alone, seemingly sad that Red John "couldn't stay". Darcy notices a blood trail leading to a nearby closet, which, when opened, reveals the murdered body of the morgue attendant, confirming that Red John is still alive, either following Darcy or with access to the information in her files and/or her comings and goings. All of the Red John files were delivered to Darcy by CBI Director Wainwright, himself killed shortly thereafter by either Red John or a Red John operative.
Ninth anniversary of Jane's wife and daughter's death.
In the season 4's penultimate episode "Red Rover, Red Rover", Jane receives a message from Red John, an envelope with the words "Happy Anniversary" put under the wiper of his car. In the cemetery where Jane's wife and daughter are buried, a little girl named Hailey (Emma Rayne Lyle) approaches him and says "Hello Patrick". When Patrick asks her how she knows his name, she says "Your friend told me", and reveals the red smiley-face painted on her hand. She says "He told me to ask you a question ... 'Do you give up yet?'" Hailey tells Patrick the man is white, was wearing a baseball cap, and had an odd voice. Lisbon says to Patrick that Red John wants to play with his mind. Later in the episode Patrick burns all the CBI files of Red John, presumably out of despair, and the next morning says that ""he's right... it's time to give up ... nothing's working. Nothing. It's just a game, and he keeps winning. The only way for me to stop him is if I stop playing.""
Jane's breakdown and Red John's proposal.
In the season 4's finale "The Crimson Hat", after being fired from the CBI, Jane finds himself in a Las Vegas bar, where he meets an attractive woman named Lorelei (Emmanuelle Chriqui). He proceeds to get arrested. Lorelei bails him out, and the two eventually make love in Jane's apartment. The next day, however, Lorelei reveals herself as an associate of Red John, and says her presence in Jane's life is "a gift". She brings forward Red John's proposal for friendship and a 'change' in Jane's lifestyle to help him overcome his depression. Jane is genuinely shocked and tells Lorelei to get out. However, he later confides to Lisbon that his breakdown had been tailored to get Red John to believe Patrick was really giving up. Red John communicates through Lorelei that he will only meet Jane in person if he kills Lisbon and brings him her head as a "present". The CBI team executes a plot where they fake the murders of Lisbon and Rigsby at the hands of Jane, and the team goes into hiding. On hearing this over the news, Red John sends a message across to Jane to meet him in Nevada. Darcy is investigating the apparent deaths of Lisbon and Rigsby. She discovers that the body found does not belong to Rigsby and gets immediate arrest warrants issued against the entire team involved in the deception.
Meanwhile, a limousine pulls over in the middle of a deserted street where Jane is waiting. Lorelei and a huge, armed man emerge from the car, and she claims Red John is inside. Lorelei looks at the box Jane is bearing and wryly asks if it contains a football or a cabbage. He tells her it is a melon, specifically a honeydew. She does not react angrily, apparently since Red John (and thus she) became aware of Jane's deception. Lorelei does have her enormous, powerfully built assistant beat Jane up "a little". Jane sits in the front seat of the limo while a dark shadowy figure sitting in the back whose voice is distorted with a radio transmitter, and whose face is not visible, greets Jane. He tells Jane that he was fooled for a while by Jane's plot but was apprised of the truth by a "good friend" inside the FBI. At this moment Lisbon and her team, who were to move in and arrest Red John, are arrested by Darcy and her squad. Lisbon, cuffed on the side of the road, frantically tells Darcy about the plan and the imminent danger to Jane's life. Just as Lorelei is about to reluctantly punish Jane by cutting off two of his fingers, the CBI and FBI teams arrive. Jane emerges unharmed. The FBI fire bullets at the fleeing limousine, which comes to a stop. Lorelei is arrested unhurt, although the driver/bodyguard is killed. Darcy opens the back door, which reveals CBI Director Luther Wainwright, bound and dead, with a cell phone attached to his body. Lorelei is interrogated at the CBI by Jane and Lisbon. She refuses to speak about Red John but tells Lisbon that she and Jane have been lovers, calling Jane "lover" frequently. Jane tells Lorelei with certainty that she will eventually reveal what she knows and walks out of the room, ending season 4.
Lorelei Martins.
In the season 5 episode "Red Sails in the Sunset", Lorelei Martins reappears in a women's prison, having been removed from CBI custody by the FBI. She remains loyal to Red John, and when Jane (with the aid of Bret Stiles (Malcolm McDowell) has her broken out of prison she expresses shock and disappointment that her liberator is Jane, not Red John. Jane discovers Lorelei previously had a sister, who was murdered some years prior. Lisbon faxes him a photo of the crime scene where the word "ROY" can be seen scrawled on the floor next to the sister's body – information that had been withheld from the public at the time of the murder. This suggests to Jane that Red John (who has used the alias Roy Tagliaferro) was the killer, a fact that Jane reveals to Lorelei, who, angry at an earlier deception by Jane, tells him that "you're just like him, you know that? Relentless manipulation... I only wonder why the two of you didn't become lifelong friends from the moment you shook hands." This inadvertent slip of Lorelei suggests that Jane has in fact met Red John in the past. However, Lorelei refuses to believe Jane about the murderer. Alerted to Jane's whereabouts, the CBI begins to close in on the pair, but Jane allows Lorelei to escape, telling her to "find the truth" for herself and come back to him when she realizes Red John used her.
Lorelei reappears in episode 16 of season 5, "There Will Be Blood". This episode reveals two new accomplices of Red John: Julia Howard and Jason Lennon, two well-regarded citizens, a worker and a trustee of a women's shelter, respectively. Lorelei tortures Julia Howard to get information about her sister's death. She kills Howard after brutally beating her. After Lorelei comes after Lennon, Jane appears to try to rescue Lennon (for Jane's own ends), and to acknowledge Lennon's and Red John's involvement in Miranda Martins' murder. Lorelei shoots Lennon, critically wounding him. After kissing Jane, she departs on a mission to kill Red John, fatefully breaking her pact to reveal Red John's identity. She tells Jane she has done "much worse breaking a promise", and that both of them (she and Jane) are both going to hell "on two different roads". Two weeks later, Lennon is revealed to have survived the shooting, although in a coma, while Lorelei is found dead under Red John's smiley face with Homeland Security and police at the scene. Jane apologizes to her corpse but, still peeved over Lorelei's breaking her promise to identify Red John, tells Lisbon (of Lorelei), "She had it coming."
Visualize.
In the fifth season episode, "The Red Barn" it is hinted that Red John may currently be or was a member of the "Visualize Self-Realization Center" church, a notorious cult with a reputation for brainwashing its members, as two bodies which fit his MO were found on a farm previously controlled by Visualize, complete with his signature smiley face on the outside of the barn where the bodies were found. The murders are revealed to have been committed over two decades ago and ten years before Red John was an active serial killer who targeted predominantly women. This implies that Red John uses the cult and its techniques to recruit individuals that would make suitable followers (as many of Visualize's members come from broken families and traumatic childhoods, a trait that nearly every single Red John operative also shares) and brainwashes or seduces them to effectively control them, explaining how Red John has so many followers who worship him and willing give their lives for his plans. In in a later episode, a private investigator named Kira Tinsley, who was hired by Red John to spy on the CBI, mentions that it was a Visualize member that hired her, implying that Red John is indeed still a functioning member of the organization. The leader of the cult, Bret Stiles, has shown in previous seasons that he has a very thorough grasp on Red John's inner workings, hinting at a connection between the two, which seems to finally be revealed as Visualize. Whether or not Bret Stiles actually knows the identity of Red John appears to be debatable throughout the series, but subsequent episodes imply that, although Stiles may know Red John is connected to his organization, he truly does not know which member he currently is.
Bob Kirkland and Homeland Security.
Robert "Bob" Kirkland, first introduced in the retcon episode "Red Dawn", has engaged in numerous suspicious activities relating to Jane and Jane's search for Red John. In flashback just after Jane has joined the CBI, a man is seen thanking FBI Director Alexa Shultz for asking Virgil Minelli to keep the FBI updated on the Red John investigation. A couple episodes later, the man reappears. He identifies himself as Homeland Security Agent Bob Kirkland, telling Lisbon that the Tommy Volker matter is being handled, and that she should "take a step back".
After he leaves her office, he comes upon Jane. The two shake hands, and Kirkland tells Jane that he knows him, although Jane didn't know Kirkland. In the next episode, Lorelei Martins tells Jane that he had already met and shaken hands with Red John. In the episodes "Red Sails in the Sunset" and "There Will Be Blood", Kirkland and Homeland Security are shown taking deep interest in finding Red John's accomplice, Lorelei Martins, when she goes on a killing spree. Neither the CBI nor Homeland Security manage to locate Lorelei before she is found murdered under Red John's trademark smiley face. When Jason Lennon (who admitted to being an accomplice of Red John) awakes from an induced coma, he is interviewed by Kirkland. He tells Kirkland that he remembers who shot him, but says he does not recognize Kirkland. Kirkland then kills Lennon with an injection, making it appear Lennon has died of his injuries. Kirkland tells Jane that Lennon "never said a word" before dying.
In the episode "Red Letter Day", Kirkland has two Homeland Security agents break into the attic where Jane works (and occasionally lives) at CBI. They take pictures of the information on Red John that Jane has on display. Kirkland is able to reproduce a near exact version of Jane's bulletin board on Red John, presumably including the references to Kirkland himself as a suspect. Jane had had suspicions that he was being watched and realizes that his room has been broken into because he sees the toothpick he had been leaving of late between the door and the frame lying on the floor where it fell after Kirkland's men entered the premises, never noticing it.
Kirkland reappears in episode 4 of season 6. He is revealed to be responsible for killing names on a list of fake Red John suspects his men stole from Jane. Once he learns that the list was fake from none other than Jane himself, he then kidnaps him. At the barn where he is being held captive, it is also shown that Richard Haibach is there too, one of the men suspected of being the "San Joaquin Killer." Jane is saved by Hightower and Lisbon, and Kirkland is arrested. On his way to prison, his vehicle is pulled over by FBI Agent Reede Smith. Smith informs him that the "Tyger, Tyger" quote is used by dirty officers of California Law Enforcement. Smith happens to be one of them. When he gives Kirkland the address to a safe house, he then shoots him to death while running to his freedom. He and the driver cover it up and before departing say, "Tyger, Tyger."
The Seven Suspects.
In the fifth season finale, Jane reveals to Lisbon that he has narrowed down the Red John suspect list to seven names. Although those names aren't revealed until the end of the episode, Jane and the CBI investigate a Red John murder. Although it was initially believed that Red John wasn't involved in the murder, and that it was either the victim's husband or uncle, it is revealed that Red John did indeed commit the murder with the help of Miriam Gottlieb, a social worker who wanted Eileen Turner's child. Gottlieb tricked Turner into separating herself from her volatile husband and moving into a motel, where Red John struck. In transit after her arrest, Gottlieb commits suicide by swallowing a cyanide pill, refusing, like almost all Red John's operatives, to be taken alive. Before her arrest, she gave Jane a DVD from Red John, which featured the now dead Lorelei Martins, who recorded a video shortly before her own murder by Red John. Martins reveals that Red John is very angry with her for revealing that Patrick and Red John had shaken hands, and that, in exchange for her making the recording, Red John will not "make her suffer so much". The video reveals that Red John somehow knows the names of Patrick Jane's seven suspects:
Red John doesn't deny being one of these men. The killing of Eileen Turner marks the beginning of a new killing spree as Lorelei tells Jane that Red John will "start killing again ... a lot" until either Jane catches him, or he catches Jane. Out of frustration, Jane breaks the DVD with his own fingers, and sighs while looking out his window of his room at CBI.
The Final Hunt.
In the premiere of season 6, Jane is highly disturbed at how Red John could deduce who he would have on his final list two months before even finishing it, as well as have so much intimate knowledge of his own memories and thought process. At a loss as to what to do next, Jane remains extremely cautious around the seven suspects while Lisbon goes behind his back and has all the suspects' cell phones installed with GPS trackers.
Infuriated that Lisbon went behind his back and played into Red John's hands, Jane and Lisbon have a falling out, with Lisbon eventually going to an abandoned house after receiving an anonymous tip at 5570 Wilson Street. She immediately calls SAC-PD; however, when she arrives at the address, a lady on the line informs her that they are temporarily unavailable. She then hears a faint scream inside, mutters, "Damn it!" and she starts heading in. Inside, she finds the mutilated body of Brett Partridge, chanting "Tiger, Tiger", before dying, effectively revealing that he is not Red John. Red John himself, who called in the anonymous tip and abducted and placed Partridge within the house to torture and murder him, knowing that Lisbon was tracking the suspects phones and would arrive after learning that Partridge was in the house, pulls Lisbon off-screen and abducts her. Red John then uses Lisbon's phone to call Jane, who has previously been attempting to call Lisbon to apologize for their earlier argument, and taunts him as he paints his signature smiley-face out of Partridge's blood on her face.
However, Jane and the authorities manage to locate Lisbon, who seems to have been left unscathed by Red John, confusing both her and Jane. As Jane continues to ponder how Red John could have such intimate knowledge into his own past and memories, he comes to the conclusion that Red John must have had access to someone who would have such valuable knowledge; Sophie Miller, Jane's old psychiatrist, who helped him regain his mental health after suffering a breakdown in the wake of his family's murder at the hands of Red John. After repeated attempts of communication to Sophie fail, Jane visits her house personally, only to find her severed head in the kitchen oven, revealing her to be one of Red John's countless victims.
As it is revealed that Red John stole all of Sophie's personal files on her patients, Jane concludes that Red John most likely came to her in the guise of a patient in order to ply her for knowledge. Fortunately for Jane, not even Red John knew that Sophie used an audio device to record her thoughts on her patients, using her unique ability to read people even if they attempt to hide their true emotions and personality. Locating an entry dedicated to a man with the last name, "Roth" (a word meaning 'red'), Red John's alias when visiting Sophia, Jane is able to listen to a detailed description of Red John's inner workings; he seems to have a case of acrophobia*, and/or other phobias, is middle aged, in good health, has no family, but many friends, is a great speaker, has good posture, is an excellent whistler, possesses hints of narcissism, and seems to be harboring something dark within himself. With this knowledge, Jane is finally one step ahead of Red John with an additional description to further narrow down his list of six suspects as he continues to observe them and their activities.
Kirkland's Ambition and the Final Clue.
As Jane continues to keeps tabs over the six remaining suspects, Robert Kirkland begins using the information he stole from Jane's room in the CBI from the previous season to make his own list of Red John suspects and begins abducting, torturing, and murdering them. Little does Kirkland know that Jane intentionally put false evidence in his room that pointed to seven men, all of whom were bad men in their own way, but were not Red John. Jane eventually learns from Hightower, who faked the death of herself and her family to continue hiding from Red John, that Kirkland has been keeping surveillance on Jane through his connections with the FBI for nearly a decade as he believed he might be Red John.
Jane then visits Kirkland at Homeland and informs him of his ruse, which entices Kirkland to take him hostage and bring him to his brother's barn, where he has been torturing the false Red John suspects. Kirkland then reveals to Jane that he also wants revenge on Red John because he murdered his twin brother (explaining why he asks all Red John associates if he recognizes his face as to confirm if they knew his brother), Michael, who was persuaded to join his ranks after their mother committed suicide to escape from their abusive father, who later drank himself to death. Kirkland never heard from his brother again and since then, has dedicated to using his position and resources to locate Red John and kill him.
However, Lisbon and Hightower are able to locate both of them and arrest Kirkland before he could obtain any of the names from Jane. With only five suspects left on his list, Jane tells Kirkland that he will see this through to the end and will visit him to learn everything else he knows about Red John with Kirkland gladly agreeing to do so. However, while in route to the prison, the transfer van is forced to pull over by Reede Smith, who approaches Kirkland and confirms a theory that Kirkland previously mentioned to him earlier that day; there is a massive secret organization (later revealed as "The Blake Association") spread across various government agencies, in which its members cover up for one another if they commit illegal operations or unethical practices.
Smith reveals that he himself is a member and proposes to Kirkland that he should join, as he and his superiors have had their eyes on him for a while to join. The reality of the situation however, was that Smith was ordered by his superiors in the organization to kill Kirkland as he knew far too much to be left alive. Regardless, Kirkland refuses, believing Red John to be amongst their ranks, and prefers to be killed instead; Reede complies and shoots him with the gun belonging to the guard driving the transfer van as Kirkland begins to run to make it look like an escape attempt gone wrong. Reede and the guard then chant 'Tiger, Tiger' to each other, the password used amongst the members of the conspiracy organization to communicate with one another. This implies that Red John himself may be a member of the government organization or, at the very least, have intimate knowledge of its inner workings. Unfortunately, Kirkland was killed before any of this information could be communicated back to Jane.
After Kirkland's death at the hands of Reede, Red John resorts to drastic measures to find out what Jane knows about him by hiring a private investigator named Kira Tinsley to bug the CBI. When Jane discovers the bug and deduces that it was left by Kira, who falsely pretends to pay an interest in Agent Kimball Cho, he realizes that Red John is now on the hunt to kill her. Having used his skills to plant the chip used to bug CBI inside Tinsley's purse, the CBI realize Red John has visited her and can hear her being murdered via the transmitter. Jane and Lisbon rush to save her and arrive just as Tinsley is about to die. However, before Tinsley dies, she whispers to Jane that Red John has a tattoo on his left shoulder, and proceeds to draw it out of her own blood, indicating three dots, which Jane then smears to avoid anyone knowing what Tinsley may have told him.
The Blake Association.
Knowing about the tattoo and using it as his leverage, Jane plans to gather the remaining five suspects at his old house where he has ammunition. He plans to attract each suspect individually, telling them he has critical information about Red John. Jane promises Lisbon that she can accompany him during this process, but Jane breaks his promise as he is worried about the safety of Lisbon. Once all the five suspects are together, Jane proceeds to tell them that one of them is Red John. He pulls out his shotgun, and asks that they all put their guns on the floor. He then reveals what Tinsley told him about the tattoo and then asks the men to reveal their left shoulders. First to reveal is Raymond Haffner and Bret Stiles who both do not have tattoos. Sheriff Thomas McCallister then reveals his arm and his tattoo, three dots, just as Tinsley described. Jane moves in to take a closer look at whom he now believes is the real Red John before Bret Stiles indicates to him to look over at Gale Bertram and Reede Smith, who both have the exact tattoo as the sheriff. Now that three men have identical tattoos, a new window is opened to identify who Red John is; and whether or not Red John also has the tattoo. It is believed that the men who have these tattoos are all corrupt government officials who use the "Tyger Tyger" phrase to cover up their unlawful work.
As Jane gathers them in his home, the house explodes with all five Red John suspects and Jane still inside. Police arrive on the scene and Lisbon enters the house to discover Reede Smith. She identifies the tattoo and shoots Smith, wounding him, but he manages to escape. Lisbon then sees Bertram and tells him Smith is Red John. Bertram uses the opportunity to slip away as only Jane at this point knows he has the tattoo. An unconscious Jane is asleep at the hospital and Bertram attempts to kill him before being interrupted by Lisbon. As Jane begins to regain consciousness, Bertram flees and Lisbon and Jane deduce that either Bertram or Smith is indeed Red John. It is also revealed through DNA testing that the other Red John suspects were killed in the blast, although no bodies were seen. Jane and Lisbon then realize that Bret Partridge was chanting the phrase 'Tiger, Tiger' to Lisbon just prior to his death in hopes that she was a member and could help him. When Agent Cho checks Partridge's body at the morgue to verify that he has the tattoo and confirm that he was indeed a Blake member, he learns that Red John peeled away the section of skin on his shoulder where the tattoo would've been located, implying that Partridge was indeed a member and Red John had attempted to cover up his affiliation to the group. While Smith attempts to recover from his wound, the corrupt law enforcement organization he is a part of attempts to kill him before the CBI finds him, fearful that he will reveal all their secrets. After two attempts are made on his life, Smith decides to hand himself in to the CBI, in exchange for protection, where he reveals that he belongs to The Blake Association after accidentally killing a twelve year-old girl as a result of paranoia induced from pain medication he was addicted to at the time; he was eventually completely cleared of the crime due to the Blake Association.
Since then, Smith has been a member of the group, helping out fellow associates cover their own illegal acts, while also developing more and more guilt over his own actions. The name of the group and its code are derived from William Blake and his famous poem 'Tyger, Tyger' implying that whoever controls the organization, as Smith reveals that the organization does indeed have a secret leader unknown to most, is an admirer of Blake's work. Smith further reveals that Red John himself is part of the association and that is how he managed to poison Rebecca who was one of his followers at the time she killed Boscoe and his entire unit, as well as have so many connections throughout law enforcement. Jane then looks Smith in the eye and asks him if he killed his wife and daughter, at which point Smith convincingly and sympathetically states that he did not. This prompts Jane to reveal at a press conference that Red John is Gale Bertram, who has since gone on the run with the aid of a fellow Blake associate named Oscar. While hiding from the authorities, Bertram brutally murders a bartender who comes close to recognizing him on the news reports and manages to evade capture by posing as a SWAT officer as other units, many of which he called in himself, arrive, allowing him to escape unseen in Oscar's vehicle. With so much corruption being revealed to have infiltrated California's law enforcement agencies, along with Bertram seemingly revealed as Red John, an FBI division led by Dennis Abbot from Austin, Texas is sent to disband the CBI, at which point Jane decides to "let go" but tells Lisbon he hasn't quit in hunting Red John.
The Reveal and Death of Red John.
The next day, as the FBI cleans out the CBI headquarters, Jane receives a phone call from Bertram, who is still on the run with the aid of Oscar, but has to cut their conversation short when a police officer at the gas station he is calling from recognizes Bertram. Before the officer can arrest him however, Oscar shoots the officer dead and escapes with Bertram. Jane bides his time until Bertram calls him again, wishing to meet him somewhere to gain a sense of closure, and believing that their rivalry has ended in a very honorable tie. Jane ultimately gets Bertram to meet him in the chapel at the cemetery where his wife and daughter are buried. Taking Lisbon's gun and escaping from the FBI as they attempt to arrest him, Jane meets Bertram at the chapel after being disarmed by Oscar and learns that Bertram is actually not Red John after all. Bertram reveals that he is not even a high-ranking member of the Blake Association and it is Red John who is one of the high members. He further reveals that he does not know who Red John is, but was ordered to lure Jane to a meeting so that he can be killed, before ordering Oscar to kill Jane.
However, Oscar, also under orders from Red John, shoots Bertram dead instead as the real Red John enters the chapel: Sheriff Thomas McAllister. McAllister thanks Oscar and then instructs him to leave to give him and Jane some time to talk. As Jane asks why Bertram had to die, McAllister reveals that, as the world now believes Bertram to be Red John, it would be a fitting end for Jane to end up dying with his supposed nemesis. The killer further reveals that he has been the secret power controlling the Blake Association, having started it many years ago, and has been manipulating its thousands of members with their secrets and illegal acts, using his favorite poet 'William Blake' and his poem 'Tyger Tyger' as inspiration for the name of the society and its inner communications. With this secret organization at his disposal in conjunction with the dozens of loyal followers he recruited, seduced, and brainwashed through Visualize, McAllister was able to form connections all over the state to spy for him, tamper with evidence, commit murders, and aid in his plans of building up his society and targeting Jane. While the serial killer is gloating over his victories, Jane reveals that he knows how McAllister survived the explosion back at his home: he brought with him two bombs. One was a concussion bomb that knocked everyone out in the room, at which point McAllister dragged Jane, Bertram, and Smith away from the more deadly bomb. McAllister then brought in a dead body from the trunk of his car, which had its DNA records swapped with those of McAllister's courtesy of Brett Partridge, a member of the Blake Association whose job gave him access to medical records and was later murdered by McAllister for knowing too much. This body was placed next to Stiles and Haffner, both of whom perished in the explosion, leaving only Jane, Smith, and Bertram alive, while McAllister escaped before the authorities arrived. McAllister knew that either Smith or Bertram would be accused of being Red John as they would be the only remaining suspects with ties to the Blake Association.
Before McAllister can kill Jane, Jane hands him a handful of bread crumbs and releases a pigeon from his jacket, startling McAllister, who had displayed a phobia of the creatures in a previous episode, revealing that Jane knew McAllister was Red John before meeting Bertram and deduced the phobia he had, which Sophia Miller previously speculated on (also implying why he was unable to kill Lisbon previously as the house they were in during the season premier contained pigeons). Jane then quickly snatches a gun he taped underneath one of the pews the previous day and shoots McAllister in the torso and Oscar dead when he enters to stop Jane; McAllister begs Jane not to kill him. As Jane revels in finally knowing who his nemesis is and having him at his mercy, a startled woman enters the chapel and asks Jane to stop before he goes too far. As Jane tries to calm the woman and get her to leave, she reveals herself to be yet another one of Red John's agents and attempts to slit Jane's throat with a knife. Jane knocks out the woman with a candle stand and, realizing that McAllister escaped during the commotion, chases after the killer to stop him once and for all.
After being chased through the cemetery, a neighborhood, and playground, McAllister finally loses his stamina near a small pond and makes a desperate call for help by dialing 911. Jane kicks his nemesis, knocking the phone away from him, and grasps the man's throat. As McAllister claims that he knew who would be on Jane's final list of suspects because he is a real psychic, Jane asks him two final questions to determine his honesty by looking at his eyes. Asking McAllister to blink once for no and two for yes, Jane asks if he is sorry for murdering his wife and daughter and if he is afraid to die; McAllister blinks twice to both questions. Satisfied with his answers, Jane then strangles McAllister to death, finally ending a decade long search for his family's killer. After years of red herrings, tricks, games, and false leads, Red John, the infamous serial killer of California responsible for the deaths of dozens of people for over two decades, is finally dead.

</doc>
<doc id="20606278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606278" title="STellar Chaos">
STellar Chaos

STellar Chaos is an Atari ST Bulletin Board System (BBS) online multiplayer strategy game that is ran as a BBS Door, an external program to a compatible BBS. Written in GFA Basic by Roger M. Thomas, and distributed as a compiled executable, it was one of the very few Atari online games available to BBS operators in the early 1990s. It was available up to version 1.52 in a shareware version with limited functionality, or in a registered version which unlocked all of the game features. Its ability to output ANSI art character graphics was unique amongst Atari ST door games and it could handle a user definable number of online game participants. It was released into the public domain and can be found on many Atari ST compilation CDs, namely the "Crawly Crypt Archives", and "Crawly Crypt Collection - Vol. 1" compiled by James L. Collins and published by The Crawly Crypt Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="20606281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606281" title="Howard Lincoln Hodgkins">
Howard Lincoln Hodgkins

Howard Lincoln Hodgkins (born June 23, 1862 in Elgin, Illinois - died February 13, 1931) is best known as the Ad interim President of the George Washington University from 1921 until 1923.
Early life and education.
He was born in Elgin, Illinois on June 23, 1862 to David and Harriet Shears Hodgkins. As a member of the very first class to graduate from the Washington High School, Howard Lincoln Hodgkins went on to attend the George Washington University’s Columbian College in the fall of 1878. Upon his graduation in the class of 1883, Howard Lincoln Hodgkins received a number of successful degrees including a Bachelor of Arts, a Master of Arts, a Doctorate of Philosophy, and an Honorary Doctorate of Science.
Career at George Washington University.
Hodgkins served George Washington University’s Columbian College for more than forty-eight years. Over the course of this time he served the University as a tutor (in 1883), an assistant professor (in 1884), a professor of physics (beginning in 1887), Dean of the Scientific School (from 1898 until 1903), Dean of the University (in 1901 and 1903), Dean of the College of Engineering (beginning in 1905) and President (in 1921). 
On February 28, 1887, the George Washington University’s Alumni Association underwent some major construction. Upon its reorganization, Howard Lincoln Hodgkins, better known as Dean Hodgkins, became the Secretary of the Alumni Association. As the only permanent officer of the Alumni Association, Hodgkins' job was to keep the living alumni interested in the school. He created various activities and outings for alumni to participate in, in support of the University, and in 1892 Hodgkins prepared a historical catalogue of the University that covered the George Washington University’s first seventy years. Hodgkins served the Alumni Association for more than twenty-five years.
In addition to all his work at the George Washington University, Howard Lincoln Hodgkins was involved in a number of “extracurricular activities. He was initiated into the DC Alpha Chapter of Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity on campus which is still present today. He worked with the Washington Society of Engineers, served as a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, was a member of the American Physical Society, the American mathematical society, and the Washington Philosophical Society in addition to serving as the special computer of the National Almanac Office of the Navy Department from 1882 until 1892.
Hodgkins died on February 13, 1931 in Washington DC at age 69.

</doc>
<doc id="20606292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606292" title="Mangala Devi KannagiTemple">
Mangala Devi KannagiTemple

The Mangala Devi Kannagi temple is located on the border of Tamilnadu and Kerala. It is located about 7 km from Pazhiyankudi in Theni district and 15 km from Thekkadi of Idukki District, Kerala. Cheran Chenguttuvan, the king of ancient Tamilakam, had erected the temple for Kannagi around 2000 years back at Vannathiparai and called it Kannagi Kottam or Mangaladevi Kannagi temple and performed regular pujas. Its sits at an altitude of about 1337m above the sea level. It is surrounded by lush greenery and is closed throughout the year except during the Chitra Pournami festival. At other times tourists can still view it by getting a special letter from the forest ranger. The view from the temple premises is spectacular and one can see part of eastern ghats and some villages from adjacent state of Tamil Nadu.
Legend.
A distraught Kannagi is said to have burnt down Madurai after her husband Kovalan was wrongly accused of being a thief and killed. Kannagi after burning Madurai, to avenge the injustice done to her slain husband Kovalan, reached Suruli hills (Murugavel kundram). She stood under a vengai tree. Kannagi reached heaven in a pushpaka vimana. Chera senguttuvan camping on the banks of Periyar was informed of Kannagi’s story by Koola-vanigan Sattanar. The younger prince Ilango who had renounced the world, was fascinated by the characterization of Kannagi and he authored Silappadikaram, the king as directed by his consort, erected a temple for Kannagi. It is said that the stone for the idol was brought from the Himalayas. Gajabahu Lankan ruler attended the consecration of the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="20606295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606295" title="Lambda Foundation">
Lambda Foundation

Lambda Foundation is a registered Canadian Charity with the mission of creating scholarships, awards, and bursaries in support of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) studies, and education and awareness, in advancement of equality and human rights.
Lambda Foundation is governed by a national Board of Directors. Barbara Freeman is currently the president of the foundation. Lambda's charitable registration number is 862758448 RR0001.
History.
For many years, Lambda operated as a spin-off project from an unincorporated club, Lambda Business and Professional Group. The Lambda Business and Professional Group sought charitable status and eventually underwent a name change to Lambda Foundation for Excellence, and its fundraiser, Wilde About Sappho, was one of Canada's largest literary activities.
After establishing five scholarships in partnership with five universities, Lambda incorporated under the name Lambda Literary and Scholarship Foundation - Lambda Foundation being the short version.
Lambda Foundation received charitable status, its activities having grown into education and research.
Scholarship Programme.
Universities.
Lambda Foundation's Scholarship Programme is the first series of national, annual university scholarships in Gay and Lesbian Studies. The Canadian coast-to-coast programme arranges for and endows annual scholarships in Gay and Lesbian Studies. To date, scholarships have been established on seven university campuses: Carleton University, Université de Montréal, University of Guelph, University of Manitoba, University of New Brunswick, University of Ottawa, and University of Victoria. There is also a Friends of Lambda scholarship at the University of Saskatchewan, College of Law (Foster Prize in Human Rights).
Each university selects candidates and projects, based on academic merit and relevance to the LGBT community. Students meeting these criteria are welcome to apply to the participating university, regardless of sexual orientation, gender or any other grounds.
Schools.
Expanding beyond universities, Lambda worked with local community leaders in 2007 to establish awards for high school students at Gulf Islands Secondary School on Salt Spring Island, British Columbia.
Scholarship/award recipients.
Lambda Foundation scholarships have been awarded to a wide range of students in arts, literature, social sciences and other sciences, professional schools and secondary schools. The awards highlight the value of gay and lesbian studies, to both the LGBT community and more broadly. A listing of recipients can be found at the Lambda website.
Other forms of support.
With the assistance of the Canada Council for the Arts and Carleton University, Lambda sponsored a Writer-in-Residence, Ivan Coyote, at Carleton University during 2007-2008.
In December 2008 Lambda supported an education and research initiative with Queer Peace International (QPI) to co-produce the publication, "Breaking Free: Sexual Diversity and Change in Emerging Nations", which examines ways in which sexual/gender minorities in developing countries empower themselves, educate their communities on gender and sexuality differences, and work collaboratively with international allies.

</doc>
<doc id="20606302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606302" title="Tanedra Howard">
Tanedra Howard

Tanedra Howard (born August 15, 1980) is an American actress. She is best known for winning the reality show "Scream Queens" and playing Simone Bethson in "Saw VI" and "Saw 3D".
Life and career.
Howard was born and raised in Inglewood, California. She attended Santa Monica College, where she was a member of the cheer squad, and El Camino College.
In 2006, Howard was one out of 500 actors chosen to try out for the ABC reality show "I Wanna Be a Soap Star 3", but did not make it on the show. She had an uncredited role in the 2008 remake of "Prom Night". In 2008, Howard's roommate showed her an ad on Craigslist where Lionsgate was holding auditions for the VH1 acting competition reality TV show "Scream Queens". She had no acting experience but auditioned and was cast. Howard spent five and half weeks competing in weekly challenges with nine other actors and won the competition earning a role in "Saw VI". In the film, she played the part of Simone. She reprises her role in "Saw 3D", released on October 29, 2010. Howard also appeared in the online Shane Dawson Christmas special.

</doc>
<doc id="20606308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606308" title="Stacia Dubin">
Stacia Dubin

Stacia Dubin (born August 8, 1972) is a former American television news anchor and reporter.
Early life and education.
A native of Milwaukee, Dubin graduated from Nicolet High School in Glendale, Wisconsin in 1990. She earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Professional career.
Dubin began her career as a reporter at a television station in Rhinelander, Wisconsin. After seven weeks in that job, Dubin took a reporting job at WKBT-TV in La Crosse, Wisconsin. She then shifted to WITI-TV in Milwaukee in 1996.
Dubin left WITI in 2000 in a contract dispute. In the fall of 2000, Dubin joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as a free-lance reporter. In the summer of 2001, she was brought onto full-time status, specifically reporting for the station's morning newscasts.
In 2002, WBBM-TV promoted Dubin to being a weekday morning news anchor.
In 2003, Dubin told the Wisconsin Jewish Chronicle newspaper that "If a New York station came knocking on my door, would I go? Probably. But right now Chicago affords me a big city opportunity in a big market."
In August 2004, Dubin left WBBM-TV. She has not worked in television since.
Personal life.
Dubin married Chicago orthopedic surgeon Mark Cohen in Milwaukee on January 1, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20606316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606316" title="Plate fish">
Plate fish

The plate fish, Bothus lunatus, is a flounder of the genus "Bothus", from warmer parts of the Atlantic, including the Caribbean. It is sometimes known as the peacock flounder, leading to easy confusion with the rather similar "Bothus mancus" from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20606317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606317" title="Ardhi University">
Ardhi University

Ardhi University (ARU) is a public university in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. It was established 28 March 2007, though it has been offering training for more than 60 years in different status. It is situated on Observation Hill close to University of Dar es Salaam, in which it was a constituent college from 1996-2007, when it was known as University College of Lands and Architectural Studies—UCLAS. Prior being part of University of Dar es Salaam, Ardhi University was known as Ardhi Institute with history extending to mid-1950s.
Today, academic activities at the university are generated in six schools: of Architecture and Design; of Construction Economics and Management; of Geospatial Sciences and Technology; of Real Estates Studies; of Urban and Regional Planning; and of Environmental Sciences and Technology. The number of academic staff with doctoral degrees has increased from three in 1996 to 43 in 2008.
History.
The university was established under University Act No 7 of 2005, and came into being after the signing of Ardhi University Charter by the President of United Republic of Tanzania, Jakaya Kikwete on 28 March 2007. The roots of Ardhi University can be traced back to pre-independence days when a Surveying Training School offering technician certificate courses in land surveying was established in Dar es Salaam.
In 1974, the name was changed to Ardhi Institute and its range of courses expanded to include building design and building economics. In the early 1980s, the public health engineering course (later renamed ‘environmental engineering’) was introduced. In 1996 the Ardhi Institute became a constituent college of the University of Dar es Salaam, and ten years later was granted autonomy as Ardhi University. During the decade of association with the University of Dar es Salaam, the Ardhi Institute grew dramatically: the number of academic programmes on offer increased from six to 39, while the number of students grew from 400 to 1,400.
In 1979, the Centre for Housing Studies was established as joint project between the governments of Tanzania and the Netherlands. The centre has now grown into the Institute of Human Settlement Studies, which is involved in the ‘regularisation of informal settlements’, with which Dar es Salaam is plentifully endowed.
Academics.
The university currently offers undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in the following schools:

</doc>
<doc id="20606326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606326" title="CBDN">
CBDN

CBDN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20606419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606419" title="Calico Acts">
Calico Acts

The Calico Acts (1690–1721) banned the import of textiles into England, followed by the restriction of sale of most cotton textiles. The English East India Company quickly embraced the demand for calico, importing exotic textiles from around the globe into England and creating competition for domestic textile factories. The calico question was one of the major issues of National politics between the 1690s and the 1720s. Parliament began to see a decline in domestic textile sales, and an increase in imported textiles from places like China and India. Seeing the East India Company and their textile importation as a threat to domestic textile businesses, Parliament passed the Calico Acts as an attack on textile importation. Dissatisfied with the smuggling of outside textiles after the original Calico Acts; in 1721, Parliament passed a stricter addition to the original Calico Acts, this time, prohibiting the sale of most cottons, imported and domestic (exempting only thread and raw cotton), and promoting the sale of wool. In that decade, the UK was importing 1.5 million pounds of cotton; in another 70 years (1790s), the UK was importing 30 million pounds of cotton a year from India.
References.
1. Woodruff Smith, Consumption and the Making of Respectability, 1600–1800

</doc>
<doc id="20606447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606447" title="Australia national under-19 baseball team">
Australia national under-19 baseball team

The Australian U-19 baseball team or National AAA represents Australia on a national level at baseball at an under-19 year old age. The team has competed at the IBAF 'AAA' World Championships, and in the 2008 Canada Championship, the team finished 4th overall, losing to Cuba in the Bronze Medal match 6-2.
The team often competes above itself, finishing 2nd in 1994 and 2010 and 3rd in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20606491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606491" title="Romford Hockey Club">
Romford Hockey Club

Romford Hockey Club (RHC), is a hockey club located in Gidea Park in the London Borough of Havering, England. It was founded in 1920. 
RHC currently has 3 men's teams competing in the East leagues and 2 ladies teams competing in the Essex Hockey leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20606508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606508" title="Hunting High and Low (disambiguation)">
Hunting High and Low (disambiguation)

Hunting High and Low is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20606517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606517" title="Cat dancer">
Cat dancer

Cat dancer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20606539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606539" title="S.O.S. (Stratovarius song)">
S.O.S. (Stratovarius song)

"S.O.S." is the second song from Stratovarius's seventh studio album, "Destiny". There's also a music video from this song. It won the awards for best metal performance and metal music video in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20606578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606578" title="Kalugasalapuram">
Kalugasalapuram

Kalugasalapuram is a small village in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The primary source of income for this village inhabitants comes from agriculture and much of the agricultural land is dependent on the rain, although some of the rich have their own resource for the cultivation like wells, pumps etc.
It falls under Kayatar Union and the nearest town is Kovilpatti. Till 1982, the only means of commuting to this village was through the train which stopped at Kurumalai station from where the villagers used to take a rough path to reach their homes. Of late, buses do ply into the village and pass through Kadambur to make a profitable route for the operators.
This village is a typical example for India where despite inadequate infrastructure like roads, poor electricity, water shortage, a small number of professionals emerged and are doing well in places abroad such as the Middle East, Singapore, USA etc. after completing good education, which is a testimony to the potential of the village which remains only partially tapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20606605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606605" title="Ecology of contexts">
Ecology of contexts

The ecology of contexts is a term used in many disciplines and refers to the dynamic interplay of contexts and demands that constrain and define an entity.
Environmental ecology.
An agroecosystem exists amid contexts including climate, soil, plant genetics, government policies, and the personal beliefs and predilections of the agriculturalist. Not only are these contexts too numerous to list in their entirety for any agroecosystem, but their interactions are so complex it is impossible to perfectly characterize a system, let alone predict the effect a given perturbation will have on the whole. At the same time, all of these contexts are dynamic, albeit at wildly diverging time scales, so the ecology of contexts for an agroecosystem is fundamentally mutable. An awareness of the ecology of contexts is helpful for agroecologists, as the nearly axiomatic acceptance dynamic, and thereby unperfectable, nature of agroecosystems precludes the often damaging notion of a best or ideal approach to agroecosystem management as well as an awareness of the complexity of the response that can result from any perturbation of the system.
This concept of the ecology of contexts provides a useful epistemological device for understanding agroecosystems.
Human ecology.
In child development, for instance, it can refer to the nested scales at which influences on children reside, from the individual (e.g. age) to the broadest elements, like government policies or cultural attitudes.
From computer science is the concept of ecology of context-aware computing, where a device's operation is tempered by information the device itself has about how the environment will affect its functioning and vice versa.
In the field of music therapy, Trygve Aasgaard dealt with the reciprocity of an ecology of contexts, seeing the role of music in therapy as responsive to cultural and other contexts, while at the same time forming part of the environmental context.
This dual relationship of an entity in an ecology of contexts underscores the ecological analogy, with its emphasis on holonic interactions.

</doc>
<doc id="20606618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606618" title="Labroots">
Labroots

LabRoots is an online social network service, based in Yorba Linda, California, aimed at improving scientific collaboration for tech innovators, engineers, and scientists. LabRoots attempts to connect the scientific world, leveraging a myriad of features and tools to develop meaningful collaborations across geographic boundaries and fields of expertise. Called a LinkedIn for scientists, the site allows scientists from around the world to build relationships with other scientists, increase their influence within the scientific community, share their expertise and learn from one another. Founded by Greg and Don Cruikshank in 2008, LabRoots also owns and operates BioConference Live.
Features.
LabRoots shares features with other social network services, such as profiles, an event calendar, and private messaging, however it focuses more on the professional, rather than personal, lives of its users. LabRoots breaks down its site in such a way that users can see what is relevant to them; different fields of medicine, chemistry, physics, mathematics, engineering, computer sciences, earth and space sciences, life sciences are some of sections. LabRoots provides users with access to such features as videos that can be posted and commented on, images, files, links and reviews of publications, products and companies. Users can also follow companies and institutions or start their own company page, as well as messaging colleagues and peers.
Members are able to search and post publications, view and add to event and job boards, view videos, and join in on reviews.
BioConference Live.
Founded in 2009, BioConference Live is also owned and produced by LabRoots. The event is hosted online, making worldwide attendance easily accessible. Clinicians, researchers and medical experts that join can both learn about recent advances in their field, and earn CME and CE Credits. Guest speakers attend every conference, presenting educational webinars that are available online in archives until the next BioConference begins.

</doc>
<doc id="20606686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606686" title="List of male freestyle wrestlers">
List of male freestyle wrestlers

This is a list of male freestyle wrestlers, in alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="20606696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606696" title="Hiroyuki Moriyama">
Hiroyuki Moriyama

Hiroyuki Moriyama (born 1936) is a Japanese-born artist living in France since 1964 Moriyama left his native Kumamoto prefecture in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20606739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606739" title="2000 Toronto Rock season">
2000 Toronto Rock season

The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2000 season was the 3rd in franchise history and 2nd as the Rock.
The Rock finished on top of the NLL standings, winning its division for the second straight year. The Rock beat the Philadelphia Wings in the semifinals, to advance to the championship game. Their victory over the Rochester Knighthawks in this game gave them their second consecutive championship.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 
Player stats.
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"

</doc>
<doc id="20606750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606750" title="Cat Dancers">
Cat Dancers

Cat Dancers is a 2008 HBO documentary film about Ron Holiday (his stage name; real name Ron Guay) and his wife Joy Holiday (her stage name; married name Doris Guay; birth name Doris Gagnon) and their jaguar, panther and tiger show. It is directed by Harris Fishman.
The 75 minute documentary charts how Ron Holiday, Joy Holiday and Chuck Lizza, aka the "Cat Dancers", became one of the world's first exotic tiger entertainment acts. For years the trio shared a happy if unorthodox life as performers and lovers until a pair of bizarre cat-related deaths brought their story to a tragic end.

</doc>
<doc id="20606756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606756" title="Damian Marrett">
Damian Marrett

Damian Marrett was born in Melbourne Victoria and is best known for his non-fiction crime novels relating to his career as an undercover police detective with the Victoria Police force. He is credited with some of Australia's largest covert operations and is frequently referred to in articles and pages involving organised Italian crime. 
He has appeared on numerous television and radio programs as a crime commentator and is also a freelance writer. He has worked on various crime series including channel nines hit series Stinger. A scene from his book "Undercover" was reenacted as part of the Seven Network's Gangs of Oz television series. and nines Underbelly series. (A tale of two cities) He has co produced various TV programs including Police Under Fire which screened on the 7 network in 2010.
L.A. based director Torus Tammer and partner Oscar nominated producer Daniel Dubiecki optioned the best selling Australian true crime novels “Undercover” and "White Lies". Tammer and Dubiecki are currently developing the feature film adaptation of Undercover. in partnership with Screen Australia. In 2010 Marrett continues to develop TV and Film concepts involving crime and miscarriages of justice.

</doc>
<doc id="20606763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606763" title="Tashi delek">
Tashi delek

Tashi delek, also written "tashi deleg", "tashi deley", or "trashi delek" (), or in Chinese transcription "zhaxi dele" (), is a Tibetan greeting.
Origin and meaning.
Tashi means auspicious and Delek (or Deleg, Deleh) means fine or well. It is difficult and perhaps impossible to translate properly into English. Different authors render it as "Blessings and good luck" or "May all auspicious signs come to this environment".
Usage.
Tashi delek is traditionally used as part of a larger invocation on Tibetan New Year. With the Dalai Lama's self-deportation and creation of the Tibetan diaspora, exile authorities promoted the use of "tashi delek" as an all-purpose greeting which could be easily picked up by foreign sponsors. Students of the exile school system are taught that this usage of "tashi delek" has roots in premodern Tibet, and that Chinese Tibetans' exclusive usage of "tashi delek" for New Years' is corrupt. Tour operators have promoted the phrase, along with khata scarves and prayer flags, as essentialized and commodifiable aspects of Tibetan culture, a fact that has caused resentment among some religious Tibetans. "Tashi Delek" is the name of a website that provides information on the nation of Bhutan and promotes Tourism.
The phrase "Tashi delek" is also used in the Chinese language with the Chinese transcription "Zhaxi Dele" (). Most Chinese only know the Chinese transcription of the phrase, not its Roman alphabet transcription. There is a song called "Zhaxi Dele" with lyrics by Rongzhong Erjia (容中尔甲), a Tibetan, and music by Chang Yingzhong (昌英中), a Han Chinese.
The phrase is also used in Bhutan, regions of Nepal, and Sikkim. There is a company in Bhutan called TashiDelek.com and a Hotel Tashi Delek in Gangtok, Sikkim. The inflight magazine of Bhutanese airline Druk Air is called Tashi Delek.

</doc>
<doc id="20606764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606764" title="Westmoreland News">
Westmoreland News

The Westmoreland News is a weekly newspaper serving Westmoreland County, Virginia. Founded in 1949 with the motto, "Serving the largest population in the Northern Neck", it was originally published by Tidewater Weeklies of Bowling Green. Its office is at 15885B King's Highway in Montross, Virginia. 
The newspaper was acquired from Northern Neck Newspaper Group in August 2007 by Lakeway Publishers of Norristown, Tennessee, which owns 24 newspapers in Tennessee, Missouri and Virginia as of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20606791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606791" title="Coming Persecutions">
Coming Persecutions

The Coming Persecutions, Matthew 10:16-23, is part of Jesus’ speech of commission to his disciples. Immediately preceding these verses, he had commissioned them to evangelize the Israelites with his authority. As soon as he did this, he moved to telling them of the persecutions they will be subjected to for him, before moving to a description of the world in light of their teaching.
10:16 Necessity of cunning and innocence.
""Behold, I send you out as sheep in the midst of wolves; so be wise as serpents and innocent as doves.""
Inserting 'behold' into the midst of his commission of the Twelve Apostles draws attention to what Jesus begins to say here. It marks off this section as distinct from the preceding part of his instruction to the disciples. After drawing the attention of the disciples with 'behold', Jesus says, literally, 'I, even I, send you...'. Though in a different tense, this is a quotation of the Septuagint reading of Exodus 3:12, where God commissioned Moses to bring the Israelites out of Egypt. This would have brought to the disciples' attention that they were being commissioned to be the leaders of God's people, as was Moses.
He sends them as sheep among wolves, which brings to mind the messianic time envisioned at Isaiah 11:6, which says that the ‘wolf shall dwell with the lamb’. Referring to them as sheep also highlights the danger they will face in their mission. It draws attention to Jesus’ community as the true Israel, because Jewish literature had traditionally used sheep and wolf imagery of Israel and the nations. Because this verse follows on Jesus sending the twelve to the Israelites exclusively, the Jews hostile to his kingdom are now implicitly cast as wolves.
When he tells them to be as wise as serpents, this refers back to the Genesis story of Eden, where the serpent is called ‘subtle’, but the Greek is the same both here and there (at Gen 3:1). This wisdom entails avoiding danger, but only in ways consistent with their mission. Their wisdom is to be for self-preservation, rather than doing harm to others as did the serpent of Genesis. Augustine of Hippo saw this as an analogy in which Jesus was calling Christians to offer their whole body to persecutors rather than their head, as serpents do (they curl up their body around their head to protect it). This is emphasized by pairing the commandment to be like serpents with a commandment to be like doves.
Commanding them to be innocent as doves tells the disciples to have pure intentions—elsewhere it is a characteristic of those with integrity. The literal meaning of the Greek word translated ‘innocent’ is ‘unmixed’. Elsewhere in the New Testament it is used in a meaning related to the simplicity of children, and it is meant to instruct the twelve that they are to set themselves wholly upon the mission entrusted to them by Jesus. This further shows that the wisdom of snakes, and the innocence of doves, while different, are not at odds. Because doves were used at the time to symbolize Israel, the text further points to the twelve as the centre of the true Israel.
Pairing the statement on snakes with one about doves seems to have been a trope in Jesus’ time. Though the wisdom of the serpent has a positive connotation, it is also meant to contrast with the innocence of doves.
10:17 Persecution by Jews.
"Beware of men; for they will deliver you up to councils, and flog you in their synagogues"
In this verse the wolves are seen in a vague way as ‘men’, or ‘people’. However, it seems to point to persecution from Jewish officials, because the rest of the verse refers to judicial sentences carried out in the Jewish world of the day.
Some commentators see this as a redaction in which Matthew is writing in light of a ‘serious cleavage’ between Judaism and Christianity, because the twelve will be flogged in ‘their’ synagogues (presumably in opposition to the idea of synagogues of Jewish Christians or synagogues shared by both groups). Hagner further sees it as a redaction because the sentence continues in v. 18 in reference to witnessing to the nations, which would have been the case in the later Church, but not at the time of this speech of Jesus. In contrast, R. T. France sees that Jesus did speak these words here, and that he was looking to the future of the community’s life from this early point. Similarly, Davies and Allison see this as evidence that Matthew’s community continued to be close to the Jewish communities, because this verse indicates that they were submitting to the authority of the (Jewish) synagogues. Overall, Matthew's gospel is suited to a community closely related to Judaism, because of its messianism and emphasis on the covenant of Abraham.
‘Councils’ is literally ‘sanhedrins’, and necessarily refers to local governing bodies rather than to the national Sanhedrin in Jerusalem, because here the Greek is in plural form.
‘Synagogues’ is translated as ‘assemblies’ by France because he sees a difference in their function from the earlier uses of the word in Matthew, as meaning a location of worship and teaching. This points to the idea that ‘synagogue’ might refer to a grouping of the community, rather than a building used for worship. Leon Morris points out that synagogues were places not only of worship and teaching, but also of trials and the administration of justice.
That "synagogue" could refer to an assembly rather than a building, there may be a connection between being delivered up to councils and being flogged in the synagogues, as seen in the case of the apostles in Acts 5: being set before the Sanhedrin (v. 27) and then beaten (v. 40). This flogging was the well-known 39 lashes given for transgressions, in the eyes of the sanhedrin, of the Mosaic law. Nolland’s belief lends itself to this connection, in that his causative translation of the verb linking councils and synagogues (‘councils, and will have you flogged in...’) makes a clearer connection between the action in each group. Also, Davies and Allison see that ‘in’ their synagogues could be translated ‘by’ or ‘through’ their synagogues. These points strengthen the idea that the synagogue could refer to an official gathering of the community, similar to the Sanhedrin, that would have exercised the authority of Deuteronomistic punishments.
10:18 The apostles' mission to the Gentile rulers.
"and you will be dragged before governors and kings for my sake, to bear testimony before them and the Gentiles."
This verse moves the Twelve Apostles' mission from being restricted to the Jews, and points toward their mission to the Gentiles. Until this point in Matthew’s gospel Jesus’ ministry had been in Galilee. But at the time, Galilee had no Roman governor or king. (France distinguishes between kings and tetrarchs, which was the title of the region’s Herod Antipas.) On this basis, commentators see v. 18 as a great leap from the following verse. However, something that France notes but does not seem interested in, is that four chapters later, Matthew refers to Herod as ‘king’. This suggests that we should say that at the time Galilee did in fact have a king; and if Galilee had a king at the time Jesus said this, this verse is not so revolutionary as some make it out to be. Davies and Allison read the verse so that it does not need to envision action of the twelve outside Palestine, because there were plenty of Roman officials in the land to whom they could witness.
Having said that, it does stand in marked contrast to the beginning of Jesus’ commission, telling the twelve not to approach the Samaritans, much less the nations. The plurality of governors and kings suggests the situation of the Church after Peter’s vision in Acts. Morris believes that this shows a shift in Jesus’ meaning, from talking earlier about the immediate mission he was sending His twelve out for in Galilee, to now and following talking about their later missions to the Gentiles. This is because their restricted mission to the people of Israel would not have brought them into contact with the governors and kings of whom he spoke.
‘To bear testimony before them’ is problematic because it is unclear from the Greek syntax to whom ‘them’ refers. It could refer to the kings and governors, to the councils and synagogues, or to both. This passage is ‘taken primarily from Mk 13.9-13’, and in that version, ‘and the Gentiles’ does not follow, ‘before them’. However, it is also unclear to whom ‘them’ refers in that passage. This fact, coupled with the fact that bearing witness to governors and kings would have been simultaneously bearing witness to the Gentiles over whom they ruled, suggests that ‘them’ refers to the councils and synagogues. It would have been redundant for Matthew the Evangelist to add on ‘and the Gentiles’ to his source-text, if he felt that ‘them’ referred in any way to the kings and governors.
The fact that the twelve will be ‘dragged’ before the nations’ rulers reminds the reader of how the twelve will be as sheep among wolves.
10:19-20 Providence of words.
"When they deliver you up, do not be anxious about how you are to speak or what you are to say; for what you are to say will be given to you in that hour; for it is not you who speak, but the Spirit of your Father speaking through you."
Verse 19 connects explicitly to verse 17; the verb in the Greek for ‘deliver you up’ is the same in both (as well as in verse 21). This returns attention to the twelve in front of the Jewish officials, because this verb is not used of the twelve being brought before the Gentile officials. Had Matthew wanted it to refer to the twelve before the Gentile officials as well, he could have used the verb there as well, instead of ‘dragged’.
‘Do not be anxious’ is the same language as is used in 6:25-34. The attitude of trust the twelve have when they are delivered up is to be the same attitude of trust they have in God in relation to bodily provision.
Matthew makes his version of this speech more intimate than that of his source, the Gospel of Mark, by saying that who will speak is ‘the Spirit of your Father’ rather than ‘the Holy Spirit.’ Referring to God as Father of the listeners provides an additional connection between this passage and 6:25-34. It also reminds the twelve that their true family is not their earthly family, which they soon are to hear will deliver them up.
The outpouring of the Spirit on the disciples associates their ministry with that of Jesus, as an extension of it, because in Matthew’s gospel references to the Spirit are only in relation to his operation in Jesus’ ministry.
Davies and Allison suggest that the image of the Spirit speaking through the twelve is an eschatological marker, a marker of the end-times, because Jews expected a special outpouring of God’s Spirit in the latter days.
10:21 Persecution by one's own family.
"Brother will deliver up brother to death, and the father his child, and children will rise against parents and have them put to death"
Jesus’ view of the situation to come for the Church is worse than at the beginning of this passage. Now when the twelve are delivered up it will be by their own kinsmen, and the penalty is to be capital punishment rather than flogging. The escalation of response to the mission of the twelve again suggests a larger audience than merely Galilee, and Davies and Allison say that it is clearly an expression of the post-Easter situation of the twelve.
The sense of eschatology is heightened because this verse alludes to Micah 7:6, which is eschatological in theme. Such conflict within families was seen as ‘a sign of the End’ in Jewish apocrypha.
The ‘deliver up’ and being put to death point to execution by authorities. This is in continuity with the echo of verses 17 and 19, which dealt with being accused before the sanhedrins. The same word is used in 10:4 of Judas Iscariot’s betrayal of Jesus.
10:22 Necessity of endurance.
"and you will be hated by all for my name’s sake. But he who endures to the end will be saved."
This verse is the climax of the increasingly bleak-looking picture of the persecutions to be endured by the twelve. ‘For my name’s sake’ echoes ‘for my sake’ in verse 18.
The second half of this verse is unclear. Both ‘to the end’ and ‘saved’ can have multiple meanings. Elsewhere in Matthew ‘to the end’ can refer to the destruction of the Temple in 70, the Second Coming of Jesus, the end of persecution, the close of the age, or the end of an individual’s life. France notes that there is no context to say for certain to what it refers here, and opts to view it as being as long as necessary to be saved, with reference to the rest of the verse. Thus he does not believe it to refer to any particular historical or eschatological event. Hill rejects this, saying that ‘to the end’ refers not to death by martyrdom, nor to the close of the age, but asserts, with no apparent reason, that it refers to the end of persecution. Davies and Allison examine the possible meanings, and how they are expressed elsewhere in Scripture, and believe that ‘to the end’ refers to the parousia (Second Coming).
France notes that ‘saved’ is used several different ways in Matthew: being saved from physical death or disease, corporate salvation from sins, a disciple’s life being saved by losing his life, or it can be co-identified with entering the kingdom of God. Because he had already as much as told them they would be martyred (verse 20), Jesus would not be speaking here of salvation from death or disease. His meaning had to lie among the more spiritual meanings of the word. Hagner says that to be saved is to ‘enter finally into the blessed peace promised to the participants in the kingdom.’ The Catechism of the Catholic Church uses this verse to orient Catholics towards the hope of obtaining salvation.
10:23 The apostles are to go from town to town.
"When they persecute you in one town, flee to the next; for truly, I say to you, you will not have gone through all the towns of Israel, before the Son of man comes."
Going through all the towns of Israel may refer either to the twelve running out of cities to which they can flee, or to the completion of Israel’s evangelization. However, because the two are so closely aligned—one will occur when the other does—it is little matter which one is read.
The Son of man is a figure borrowed from Daniel 7, and its use by Jesus is self-referential. Daniel 7:13 says, '...there came one like a son of man, and he came to the Ancient of Days and was presented before him.' The coming of the Son of man has been taken to refer to the parousia, the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem, or some great event of early Christian history (e.g., the Resurrection, the Ascension, or Pentecost).
The parousia is rejected as too far removed from the Galilean setting of Jesus’ public ministry, where he spoke these words to the twelve. Hagner rejects the early defining moments of Christianity as being too early for the persecution of the preceding verses to have developed. Working from the background of ‘Son of man’ in Daniel 7, where the figure approaches God, Morris does look to either the Resurrection or Ascension as the meaning of the mysterious phrase. He notes that at the time there was still work to be done in Israel. This is less natural than Hagner’s interpretation, because it was not until after Pentecost that the twelve were persecuted as described in verses 17-22. Morris seems to have forgotten that he made this same point—just a few verses earlier, Jesus had shifted into speaking about the situation of the Church after he was to leave. There seems to be nothing here to indicate that Jesus has reverted to talking about the mission of the disciple while they were still accompanied by himself.
Hagner interprets the coming of the Son of man as referring to the destruction of the Temple—the coming of the Son of man as his judgement upon Israel. This time frame allowed for a development of the kind of persecution described in the earlier verses. Thus Hagner reads the verses as meaning that the twelve’s exclusive mission to Israel will not end before 70, when the focus of salvation history would shift from the Jews to the Gentiles.
Giblin moves away from seeing the coming of the Son of man in temporal terms. Rather than reading the verse to mean that the coming of the Son of man stops short the mission of going through the towns of Israel, he translates it as meaning that the Son of man’s coming completes and fulfills this mission. ‘What the text has in view is not a single historical event as such but a theological understanding of the mission of the Church.’ The sayings are addressed to the whole church, because it is apostolic.
France reaches a similar conclusion to that of Giblin. He notes that in Daniel 7, the coming of the Son of man is to God, and there is no indication of a coming to earth. The verb used in the LXX Daniel 7 and in allusions to it is distinct from parousia, so Matthew does not seem to want to convey parousia when speaking of the coming of the Son of man. France reads the coming of the Son of man as not a particular historical event, but as Jesus’ enthronement, vindication, and empowering. This seems to lead the reader towards the Resurrection or Ascension, but he had earlier said that we are not to think of it as a particular point in time. It was begun at the resurrection, but continues throughout the Church’s history until the Last Judgment.
Just as inserting ‘behold’ at verse 16 to mark the beginning of the section, so Matthew marks the end of the section with ‘truly, I say to you’—this is parallel to the end of the prior section, at 10:15. The parallel here with verse 15, and at 16 with verses 5-6 (sheep), draws a strong connection between the two passages. Ulrich Luz identifies ‘deliver up’ as the theme of this passage, which serves to distinguish it from the mission section of verses 5-15.

</doc>
<doc id="20606846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606846" title="In-Kyung Kim">
In-Kyung Kim

In-Kyung "I. K." Kim (born 13 June 1988) is a South Korean female professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour.
Amateur career.
Kim was a member of the Korean National Team in 2003 and 2004 and won three tournaments on the International Junior Golf tour. In 2005, playing on the American Junior Golf Association (AJGA), she won the 2005 Hargray Junior Classic. Also in 2005, she won the U.S. Girls' Junior and was the medalist in the stroke play portion of the U.S. Women's Amateur.
Professional career.
Kim earned co-medalist honors at the LPGA Final Qualifying Tournament in Florida in December 2006 as an amateur to earn full exempt status for the 2007 season. She turned professional immediately following the tournament. 
In her rookie year of 2007 she had four top-10 finishes on the LPGA Tour, including five top-5 finishes. In 2008, she had seven top-10 finishes and claimed her first win at the Longs Drugs Challenge.
In June 2009, she claimed her second career title with a one-shot win over compatriot Se Ri Pak to take the LPGA State Farm Classic in Illinois. In December 2009 Kim won her third professional title, winning the Dubai Ladies Masters on the Ladies European Tour.
Kim won her fourth professional title and third LPGA title at the 2010 Lorena Ochoa Invitational. The day after she won, she announced that she had donated her entire $220,000 winnings to charity: half to the Lorena Ochoa Foundation which funds educational programs for children in Mexico and the other half to an American charity. The donation amounted to nearly 20 percent of her total winnings to date for the 2010 season.
In 2010 Kim also won Rookie of the Year honors on the Ladies European Tour. She joined the LET in 2010 after winning the Dubai Ladies Masters in December 2009. In 2010 she had won €193,154.69 in four LET events, including three top-10 finishes.
Currently, former PGA Tour caddy Michael Dunsmore carries Kim's bag. In early 2010, Kim bought a home in Rancho Santa Fe, California, a suburb north of San Diego. She practices at Fairbanks Ranch Country Club, where she is an honorary member.
On the final day of the 2012 Kraft Nabisco Championship, Kim had a one-foot putt on the 18th green to seal her first major championship. The putt lipped out, forcing a playoff with Sun-Young Yoo, which Yoo would eventually win.
Professional wins (4).
LPGA Tour wins (3).
LPGA Tour playoff record (0–4)
Results in LPGA majors.
DNP = did not play
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Yellow background for a top-10 finish.
Team appearances.
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="20606847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606847" title="Virgin of Miracles">
Virgin of Miracles

The Virgin of Miracles or Saint Mary of La Rábida () is a religious Roman Catholic image venerated at the La Rabida Monastery in the city of Palos de la Frontera (Huelva, Spain).
The image is in Gothic style, from approximately the 13th century, carved in alabaster. It was an exceptional witness to the historic events of the Discovery of the Americas. Before it, prayed men like Columbus, The Pinzon Brothers, and the men who participated in the first expeditions of Columbus and in subsequent ones that departed to America from this zone. Likewise, in their visits to the Franciscan monastery, many prostrated themselves, among others, Hernán Cortés, Gonzalo de Sandoval (who died in the monastery and was buried in it) and Francisco Pizarro.
Although it was dated towards the late 13th century or the early 14th century, included in the popular tradition and the legends is an ancient codex of 1714 from Fray Felipe de Santiago; it has been given an apostolic origin and some notable incarnations, like her apparition in the sea after the completion of the Umayyad conquest of Hispania
among the nets of some fishermen from Huelva.
The image is a patron of both the monastery and the city of Palos de la Frontera, in which several diverse religious and civil acts are celebrated in the month of August in its honor culminating with the typical Andalusian romeria celebrated in the environment of "La Rábida" in the last weekend of that month.
Because of the various vicissitudes suffered by the image it has been repaired and restored on various occasions, however the carving largely conserves the original work.
On June 14, 1993 it was crowned by the Pope John Paul II, who named it «"Mother of Spain and America ()"». The Godparents of honor for the coronation where the kings of Spain, who delegated to their daughter, Infanta Cristina. In the acts of this celebration she was also named, in part through the town hall. "«Pertutual Honorary Mayor of Palos de la Frontera ()»."
The image and La Rábida.
Description.
The Image is a sculpture representative of the Virgin Mary built in alabaster, it stands 54 centimeters tall. The body of the sculpture is one piece, although with some minor attachments in the posterior due to some imperfections suffered during its history; it rests atop a 5 centimeter pedestal with elongated lines. Its face is also elongated with the hair combed naturally, and the hands a bit exaggerated with respect to the body. The dress is carved to resemble a tunic with a modest neckline which descends in parallel folds, regular and well carved, until it reaches the pedestal, where a glimpse of the right foot covered with a typical shoe is visible. The head is covered with a cloak which falls over the body a bit rigidly, and over her left arm which holds the baby Jesus in an upright posture with his right arm placed in the typical position for blessing in the old Greek manner and his left arm holding what resembles a globe, like the virgin he is dressed in a clinging tunic. It has a unique form of shifting the hips to sustain the baby in its left arm, which is characteristic of the type of sculpture to which it belongs. In her right arm the Virgin carries a Pomegranate, placed there in a restoration done in 1937, after the damage suffered during the Spanish Civil War, and which replaced the Lilium she initially held.
As an exterior adornment the image ports an aureola with an oval structure, something rare among images of the Virgin. The decoration itself is composed of a frame containing the enameled coat of armss of the primary American countries, and in the top-center is the Coat of arms of Spain, the set is accentuated with alternating smooth and wavy beveled rays. It was created by Manuel Seco de Velasco and designed by Evaristo Domínguez, a painter from Palos de la Frontera.
Dating and style.
Following the Byzantine art period of the late 13th century or early 14th century, the iconography of the model corresponds to the Hodegetria style (depicting Mary holding the Child Jesus as the source of salvation) developed in the Gothic period.
The style is undoubtedly Gothic, specifically French-Gothic, different authors also point towards a possible inspiration from the school of Gothic Pyrenean-Aragonese-Navarro, and it could even belong to the Gothic Mannerism or to Gothic Normandy. Examples of this type of imagery and of similar style, can be found in the ""Capilla de los Alabastros"" in the Seville Cathedral or in Church of San Lorenzo of the same city. Also at Palos de la Frontera, in the Parish of San Jorge there is an Image of Santa Ana sculpted in the same material. The father Ángel Ortega points out in his work that the ancient image of the Virgin of la Hiniesta de Gloria (lost in a 1932 fire) of the parish of San Julián de Sevilla, could have been a contemporary or even have served as a model.
For centuries, the sculpture was polychrome, dressed in fine clothing, and adorned with precious stones according to all the various reports made on its restorations, wills, documentation, and engravings stored at the monastery and at the archives of the French order in the "Provincia Beltica". The custom of dressing the image was very deeply rooted during the Middle Ages and among the most famous were the Our Lady of Guadalupe found in Cáceres, Spain, which received exquisite dresses at the hands of her adherents, a tradition still practiced and conserved in some of the local images of the area.
Finally after the restoration done in 1937, it was decided to eliminate the polychrome from the image
and in 1938 it was returned to worship at her monastery in the original form in which it was sculpted.
La Rabida Monastery.
La Rabida Monastery is the home of the image where it has been permanently kept practically since its creation and where it received its unique name, ""Santa María de la Rábida"". It was erected in the 14th and 15th centuries. Among those buildings known for its artistic qualities are the Gothic-Mudéjar church, the decorated stays containing frescoes by Daniel Vasquez Diaz, the cloister, and the museum housing numerous objects commemorating the Discovery of America.
Its irregular shape measures 2.00 m2 in area. The monastery, over its more than 500 years of history, has suffered several modifications, above all from the 1755 Lisbon earthquake.
It is one of the most prominent places from the events surrounding the discovery of America; Columbus stayed there, it is the burial place of Martín Alonso Pinzón, it was visited by various Spanish conquistadors, and many of their religious practiced in the evangelization of America. That is why it forms part of the distinguished historic and artistic itinerary known as "los Lugares Colombinos".
The monastery was declared a National Monument in 1885 and further more was declared "First Historic Monument of the Hispanic Pueblos" ().
On February 28, 1992, it was given the Golden Medal of Andalucía () by the Andalusian Autonomous Government, and in the 9th Ibero-American Summit it was recognized as a meeting place for the Iberoamerican Community of Nations.
History.
The image has suffered various vicissitudes throughout the centuries; however, there is no evidence to indicate any impersonation, theft, or total disappearance in the various fires that have affected the monastery, as indicated by P. Ortega in 1925:
In the oldest documents it is denominated with the name "Santa María de la Rábida". This is the appellation that has become universal and the original native name. Additionally, due to the many ancient documents that record the favors and supposed miracles attributed to it, it is known as "Our Lady of Miracles".
The original date on which it was carved, as well as the author and original monument upon which it was carried to the monastery remain unknown, the stylistic studies carried out have place it in the late 13th century or early 14th century. The Papal bull ""Etsi cunctorum"" of December 6, 1412, belonging to Antipope Benedict XIII already spoke of its appellation as a patron saint of the monastery, which places it before that date since the papal bull confirms the monastic life already existing in that particular hermitage. On another note, like many other images from the same area and time period, it is surrounded by various legends, fables, and traditions. However, all of them fundamentally lack historic or scientific backing. The majority are recognized in the 1714 codex of Fray Felipe de Santiago, where the traditions and legends of the area and time period are documented along with historical data.
Traditions and legends.
Among the most notable legends that circle the image are:
Both Fr. Angel Ortega and Fr. Sebastian Garcia among other authors repeat the tales, all of them largely inspired by the cited codex of 1714.
Apostolic origins.
According to legend, the image would have been sculpted in the beginnings of Christianity by St. Luke and brought to the port of Palos in the year 333 by a Libyan sailor, Constantino Daniel. The sculpture was a gift from the bishop of Jerusalem Saint Macarius as a pious present for having dedicated the parish of Palos to the martyr, Saint George, a patron saint very widespread in the East.
The codex recounts it:
Muslim period.
The legends continue to attribute singular prodigious events and miracles to the image of the Virgin, including healing of sicknesses of all kinds, among the most noted was the cessation of a rabies epidemic when the sculpture had recently arrived. Also attributed is the defense of its homeland against pirate attacks. Under this halo of favors and healing, the image continued to be venerated until finally the peninsula fell under Muslim domination in 711. Under the imminent fear of having their patron saint desecrated or destroyed by the Saracens, two priests, Anselmo Gómez and Leandro Alberto, claimed that they had received a revelation commanding them to hide the image at sea until God saw a better moment to uncover it.
Once the Muslims were established, they took the cenobite, and in the altar where the Virgin would have been located, they placed the ""leg bone of Muhammad"". However, according to the legend, the bone was cast repeatably onto the floor, it was never permitted to stay in the spot previously occupied by the Virgin, an act which the followers of the prophet would have attributed to a supposed Christian enchantment. The Muslims decided to have with them a Christian, since every time one was retained the phenomena would cease. Finally, unable to support such events, it was negotiated to return the cenobite to Christianity.
Reconquest: Apparition at sea.
One of the last and most famous of the legends is regarding the apparition at sea, in the beach of "Morla", in the municipal territory of Palos, close to the monastery. According to this tradition, some fishermen from Huelva were casting their nets, and through fishing found the image which appeared in two pieces, first the Virgin with half of the Child, and later the rest of the Child. Upon finding her, the fishermen tried to take the image back to Huelva, which angered the townspeople of Palos. This led to disputes that were on the verge of ending in war between the two towns. Intervention was necessary by the overseeing abbot of the convent, whose opinion was respected by both sides, to finally resolve the issue; the Virgin was deposited in a boat near where she had appeared, leaving her alone without any crewmen, to see where the waves would take her. Eventually the boat arrived at the spot where the monastery was situated and they decided to dedicate an altar there to that image of that apparition.

</doc>
<doc id="20606857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606857" title="List of operas by Auber">
List of operas by Auber

This is a list of the complete operas of the French composer Daniel François Esprit Auber (1782–1871).
Auber wrote 31 opéras comiques, 7 opéras, 3 drames lyriques, and one each of works designated as comédie, comédie mêlée de chant, intermède, opéra féerie, opéra historique, scène lyrique and scène-prologue. All were premiered in Paris, except "Jean de Couvain", which was premiered in Chimay (now in Belgium), and "La fête de Versailles", which was premiered in Versailles.
References.
Sources.
Some of the information in this article was originally taken from the Dutch Wikipedia article.

</doc>
<doc id="20606913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606913" title="ASDAH">
ASDAH

The abbreviation ASDAH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20606921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606921" title="Kamal Givens">
Kamal Givens

Kamal Givens, also known as Chance, is best known for his role on VH1's "I Love New York," and is one of 20 contenders for the affections of Tiffany Pollard. On "I Love New York," Chance appears with his brother Real, with whom he was raised on a horse ranch. Chance is also a former Capitol Records artist.
Born in South Central/Beverly Hills, California, Chance and Real were discovered by VH1 producers through their Myspace pages. He appeared as one of 20 contestants in "I Love New York." This "Bachelor"-style dating show features Tiffany Pollard, better known as New York, in her quest to find true love. He ended up being eliminated on the 11th episode, making him the show's runner-up. He then later was brought back on "I Love New York 2" as a guest to help New York pick the right guy that season.
Chance and Real, plus another brother, Micah, are in a rap group known as the Stallionaires, in reference to where they were raised. Chance's case is also noteworthy as not picking him was the only regret New York voiced publicly.
Chance was one of the 17 contestants in the VH1 reality show "I Love Money," which features returning contestants from past VH1 reality shows such as "Flavor of Love," "I Love New York," and "Rock of Love with Bret Michaels." The 17 competed in physical and mental challenges en route to a grand prize of $250,000. Chance was eliminated around the middle of the show, after failing at being a "team player" in several challenges and generally being high maintenance. Hoopz (Nicole Alexander) was ultimately the winner of "I Love Money."
Subsequently, Chance and Real were announced by VH1 to be the hosts of a new, similar reality show, "Real Chance of Love." Premiering October 20, 2008 after a "sneak peek" five days earlier, the new reality series involves 17 women vying for the affection of the brothers over the span of 11 episodes. He ended up not choosing anyone, saying he wasn't ready to fall in love. He and Real returned for the second season, "Real Chance of Love 2", where they try to find love, once again, with 20 new women vying for their affection. The second season ended with Chance choosing a contestant named "Hot Wings" over runner-up "Mamacita."

</doc>
<doc id="20606938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606938" title="Master Honoré">
Master Honoré

Master Honoré was a Parisian secular artist who produced Gothic-era illuminated manuscripts for the French monarchy, particularly Philip the Fair. He is considered sculptural in the design of his figures, even capturing the light as it plays on their bodies. His Parisian workshop was on the street known today as rue Boutebrie.
Master Honoré lived and worked in Paris for the court of Phillip the Fair from 1288 until 1318. 
Until the 13th century illuminated manuscripts were predominantly created by monks in the scriptoria of monasteries. The 13th century saw a move away from monastic production to a commercialized production of books by lay masters in commercial workshops. Master Honoré was one such lay artisan, and one of the few whose actual name survives. In 1295 Master Honoré designed the miniatures in the "Prayer Book of Philip the Fair". His figures are larger and have a relief-like modeling that seems more realistic.

</doc>
<doc id="20606940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606940" title="Nguyen Vu Phong">
Nguyen Vu Phong

Nguyễn Vũ Phong (born February 6, 1985) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays for SHB Đà Nẵng. He is a member of Vietnam national football team. Phong is best known for his speed, shooting, and tackling skill. He was also the first Vietnamese footballer to receive a call-up to the national team from the second division in 2005.
Honours.
Vietnam
Binh Duong F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20606955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606955" title="Samuel Benedict">
Samuel Benedict

Samuel Benedict (1792–1854) was a Liberian politician and jurist who served as the 1st Chief Justice of Liberia. He was born a slave in the U.S. state of Georgia in 1792, and purchased his freedom and that of his family. He emigrated to Liberia in 1835, on the ship "Indiana".
Prior to Liberia’s independence, Benedict was a judge of the Superior Court and a merchant. He later presided over the Liberian Constitutional Convention of 1847, which officially provided Liberia’s independence from the American Colonization Society. He was one of Montserrado County’s delegates at the convention and a signer of the Liberian Declaration of Independence.
Representing the Anti-Administration Party (AAP), Benedict was defeated by longtime political foe Joseph Jenkins Roberts in the 1847 election to serve as Liberia’s first president.
Benedict later became the first Chief Justice of the Liberian Supreme Court. He died in 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="20606961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606961" title="Computational lithography">
Computational lithography

Computational lithography (also known as computational scaling) is the set of mathematical and algorithmic approaches designed to improve the resolution attainable through photolithography. Computational lithography has come to the forefront of photolithography in 2008 as the semiconductor industry grappled with the challenges associated with the transition to 22 nanometer CMOS process technology and beyond.
Context: industry forced to extend 193nm deep UV photolithography.
The periodic enhancement in the resolution achieved through photolithography has been a driving force behind Moore's Law. Resolution improvements enable printing of smaller geometries on an integrated circuit. The minimum feature size that a projection system typically used in photolithography can print is given approximately by:
where 
formula_2 is the minimum feature size (also called the critical dimension). 
formula_3 is the wavelength of light used.
formula_4 is the numerical aperture of the lens as seen from the wafer.
formula_5 (commonly called "k1 factor") is a coefficient that encapsulates process-related factors.
Historically, resolution enhancements in photolithography have been achieved through the progression of stepper illumination sources to smaller and smaller wavelengths — from "g-line" (436 nm) and "i-line" (365 nm) sources based on mercury lamps, to the current systems based on deep ultraviolet excimer lasers sources at 193 nm. However the progression to yet finer wavelength sources has been stalled by the intractable problems associated with extreme ultraviolet lithography and x-ray lithography, forcing semiconductor manufacturers to extend the current 193 nm optical lithography systems until some form of next-generation lithography proves viable (although 157 nm steppers have also been marketed, they have proven cost-prohibitive at $50M each). Efforts to improve resolution by increasing the numerical aperture have led to the use of immersion lithography. As further improvements in resolution through wavelength reduction or increases in numerical aperture have become either technically challenging or economically unfeasible, much attention has been paid to reducing the k1-factor. The k1 factor can be reduced through process improvements, such as phase-shift photomasks. These techniques have enabled photolithography at the 32 nanometer CMOS process technology node using a wavelength of 193 nm (deep ultraviolet). However, with the ITRS roadmap calling for the 22 nanometer node to be in use by 2011, photolithography researchers have had to develop an additional suite of improvements to make 22 nm technology manufacturable. While the increase in mathematical modeling has been underway for some time, the degree and expense of those calculations has justified the use of a new term to cover the changing landscape: computational lithography.
A short history of computational lithography.
Computational Lithography means the use of computers to simulate printing of micro-lithography structures. Pioneering work was done by Chris Mack at NSA in developing PROLITH, Rick Dill at IBM and Andy Neureuther at University of California, Berkeley from the early 1980s. These tools were limited to lithography process optimization as the algorithms were limited to a few square micrometres of resist. Commercial full-chip optical proximity correction, using model forms, was first implemented by TMA (now a subsidiary of Synopsys) and Numerical Technologies (also part of Synopsys) around 1997. Since then the market and complexity has grown significantly. With the move to sub-wavelength lithography at the 180 nm and 130 nm nodes, RET techniques such as Assist features, Phase Shift Masks started to be used together with OPC. For the transition from 65 nm to 45 nm nodes customers were worrying that not only that design rules were insufficient to guarantee printing without yield limiting hotspots, but also that tape-out time may need thousands of CPUs or weeks of run time. This predicted exponential increase in computational complexity for mask synthesis on moving to the 45 nm process node spawned a significant venture capital investment in Design for Manufacturing start-up companies. A number of startup companies promoting their own disruptive solutions to this problem started to appear, techniques from custom hardware acceleration to radical new algorithms such as Inverse Lithography were touted to resolve the forthcoming bottlenecks. Despite all this activity, incumbent OPC suppliers were able to adapt and keep their major customers, with RET and OPC being used together as for previous nodes, but now on more layers and with larger data files, and turn around time concerns were met by new algorithms and improvements in multi-core commodity processors. The term computational lithography was first used by Brion Technology (now a subsidiary of ASML) in 2005 to promote their hardware accelerated full chip lithography simulation platform. Since then the term has been used by the industry to describe full chip mask synthesis solutions. As 45 nm goes into full production and EUV lithography introduction is delayed, 32 nm and 22 nm are expected to run on existing 193 nm scanners technology. Now, not only are throughput and capabilities concerns resurfacing, but also new computational lithography techniques such as Source Mask Optimization (SMO) is seen as a way to squeeze better resolution specific to a given design. Today, all the major Mask Synthesis vendors have settled on the term "Computational Lithography" to describe and promote the set of Mask Synthesis technologies required for 22 nm.
Techniques comprising computational lithography.
Computational lithography makes use of a number of numerical simulations to improve the performance (resolution and contrast) of cutting-edge photomasks. The combined techniques include Resolution Enhancement Technology (RET), Optical Proximity Correction (OPC), Source Mask Optimization (SMO), etc. The techniques vary in terms of their technical feasibility and engineering sensible-ness, resulting in the adoption of some and the continual R&D of others.
Resolution Enhancement Technology (RET).
Resolution Enhancement Technology, first used in the 90 nanometer generation, using the mathematics of diffraction optics to specify multi-layer phase-shift photomasks that use interference patterns in the photomask that enhance resolution on the printed wafer surface.
Optical Proximity Correction (OPC).
Optical proximity correction uses computational methods to counteract the effects of diffraction-related blurring and under-exposure by modifying on-mask geometries with means such as:
OPC can be broadly divided into rule-based and model-based.
Inverse lithography technology, which treats the OPC as an inverse imaging problem, is also a useful technique because it can provide unintuitive mask patterns.
Complex modeling of the lens system and photoresist.
Beyond the models used for RET and OPC, computational lithographics attempts to improve chip manufacturability and yields such as by using the signature of the scanner to help improve accuracy of the OPC model:
A CPU-century worth of calculations or more.
The computational effort behind these methods is immense. According to one estimate, the calculations required to adjust OPC geometries to take into account variations to focus and exposure for a state-of-the-art integrated circuit will take approximately 100 CPU-years of computer time. This does not include modeling the 3D polarization of the light source or any of the several other systems that need to be modeled in production computational photolithographic mask making flows. Brion Technologies, a subsidiary of ASML, the largest manufacturer of photolithography systems, markets a rack-mounted hardware accelerator dedicated for use in making computational lithographic calculations — a mask-making shop can purchase a large number of their systems to run in parallel. Others have claimed significant acceleration using re-purposed off-the-shelf graphics cards for their high parallel throughput.

</doc>
<doc id="20606972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20606972" title="Harry O'Neill (pitcher)">
Harry O'Neill (pitcher)

Joseph Henry O'Neill was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in four games for the Philadelphia Athletics over two seasons, one in and three in .
After his playing career ended, O'Neill spent two seasons as a minor league baseball manager. He managed the Salt Lake City Bees in and the Boise Senators in .

</doc>
<doc id="20607025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607025" title="Google Native Client">
Google Native Client

Google Native Client (NaCl) is a sandboxing technology for running a subset of Intel x86 or ARM native code in a sandbox. It is proposed for safely running native code from a web browser, allowing web-based applications to run at near-native speeds, which aligns well with Google's plans with Chrome OS. It may also be used for securing browser plugins, and in the future parts of other applications or full applications.
To demonstrate the readiness of the technology, on 9 December 2011, Google announced the availability of several new Chrome-only versions of games known for their rich and processor-intensive graphics, including "Bastion". NaCl runs hardware-accelerated 3D graphics (via OpenGL ES 2.0), sandboxed local file storage, dynamic loading, full screen mode, and mouse capture. There are also plans to make NaCl available on handheld devices.
The general concept of NaCl (running native code in web browser) has been implemented before in ActiveX, which, while still in use, has a legacy of DLL hell and security problems. Native Client avoids these issues by using sandboxing. Using PNaCl, Native Client is also architecture-independent, like Java. Unlike Java, PNaCl apps are compiled ahead-of-time in the browser, and not just-in-time. This can make performance more predictable.
Overview.
Native Client is an open-source project being developed by Google. To date, Quake, XaoS, Battle for Wesnoth, Doom, Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light and MAME, as well as the sound processing system Csound, have been ported to Native Client. Native Client has been available as an experimental disabled-by-default feature in the Google Chrome web browser since version 14. Chrome previously required Native Client to be enabled in chrome://flags to run from any web site. With the release of Portable Native Client (PNaCl, pronounced: pinnacle), Chrome plans to enable it for all pages and web apps by default, including those distributed outside the Chrome Web Store.
An ARM implementation was released in March 2010. x86-64, IA-32 and MIPS are also supported.
To run an application portably under PNaCl, it must be compiled to an architecture-agnostic and stable subset of the LLVM intermediate representation bytecode. The executables are called PNaCl executables (pexes). In Chrome, they are translated to architecture-specific executables so that they can be run.
NaCl uses software fault isolation for sandboxing on x86-64 and ARM. The x86-32 implementation of Native Client is notable for its novel sandboxing method which makes use of the x86 architecture's rarely-used segmentation facility. Native Client sets up x86 segments to restrict the memory range that the sandboxed code can access. It uses a code verifier to prevent use of unsafe instructions such as those that perform system calls. To prevent the code from jumping to an unsafe instruction hidden in the middle of a safe instruction, Native Client requires that all indirect jumps be jumps to the start of 32-byte-aligned blocks, and instructions are not allowed to straddle these blocks. Because of these constraints, C/C++ code must be recompiled to run under Native Client, which provides customized versions of the GNU toolchain, specifically GCC and binutils as well as LLVM.
Native Client is licensed under a BSD-style license.
Native Client uses Newlib as its C library, but a port of GNU libc is also available.
Pepper.
NaCl denotes table salt; as a pun, the name of pepper was also used. Pepper API is a cross-platform, open-source API for creating Native Client modules. Pepper Plugin API, or PPAPI is a cross-platform API for Native Client-secured web browser plugins, first based on Netscape's NPAPI, then rewritten from scratch. It is currently used in Chromium and Google Chrome to enable the PPAPI version of Flash and the built-in PDF viewer.
PPAPI.
On 12 August 2009 a page on Google Code introduced a new project, Pepper with associated Pepper Plugin API (PPAPI), "a set of modifications to NPAPI to make plugins more portable and more secure". This extension is designed specifically to ease the implementation of out-of-process plugin execution. Further, the goals of the project are to provide a framework for making plugins fully cross-platform. Topics considered include:
The continuously evolving Pepper API also supports Gamepads (version 19) and WebSockets (version 18).
, Google's open source browser, Chromium, was the only web browser to utilize the new browser plug-in model. Mozilla has announced that they are "not interested in or working on Pepper at this time."
Reception.
Some groups of browser developers support the Native Client technology, but others do not.
Supporters: Chad Austin (of IMVU) praised the way Native Client can bring high-performance applications to the web (with about 5% penalty compared to native code) in a secure way, while also accelerating the evolution of client-side applications by giving a choice of the programming language used (beside JavaScript).
Id Software's John Carmack praised Native Client at QuakeCon 2012, saying: "if you have to do something inside a browser, Native Client is much more interesting as something that started out as a really pretty darn clever x86 hack in the way that they could sandbox all of this in user mode interestingly. It's now dynamic recompilation, but something that you program in C or C++ and it compiles down to something that's going to be not your -O4 optimization level for completely native code but pretty damn close to native code. You could do all of your evil pointer chasings, and whatever you want to do as a to-the-metal game developer."
Detractors: Other IT professionals are more critical of this sandboxing technology as it has substantial or substantive interoperability issues.
Mozilla's vice president of products, Jay Sullivan, said that Mozilla has no intention of running native code inside the browser, as "These native apps are just little black boxes in a webpage. [...] We really believe in HTML, and this is where we want to focus."
Mozilla's Christopher Blizzard criticized NaCl, claiming that native code cannot evolve in the same way that the source code-driven web can. He also compared NaCl to Microsoft's ActiveX technology, plagued with DLL hell.
Håkon Wium Lie, Opera's CTO, believes that "NaCl seems to be 'yearning for the bad old days, before the web'", and that "Native Client is about building a new platform – or porting an old platform into the web [...] it will bring in complexity and security issues, and it will take away focus from the web platform."

</doc>
<doc id="20607033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607033" title="Australia women's national baseball team">
Australia women's national baseball team

The Australian women's national baseball team represents Australia in international women's baseball tournaments and competitions. The team is controlled by the Australian Baseball Federation, which is represented in the Baseball Confederation of Oceania (BCO). They are the only team in Oceania to be formally ranked by the International Baseball Federation (IBAF), and are the 3rd ranked women's baseball team in the world.
The team has competed at all four Women's Baseball World Cups, most recently finishing second in 2010. Prior to this, they had finished fourth in each of the three other World Cups.
World ranking.
In August 2009 the International Baseball Federation created a ranking system so that the nations involved in international competition could be compared independently. Teams receive points based on the position they finish at the end of World Cup tournaments. Only results at the previous three tournaments years are used, so points are added and removed over time. Points are also weighted so that more recent tournaments have a greater impact on the rankings. Since the rankings were introduced, two editions have been released, the most recent released after the 2010 World Cup.
When the rankings were first introduced, Australia was listed at 4th position; their lowest since the rankings were introduced. Their best position achieved to date is their current position of 3rd.
Women's World Cup.
Of the twelve nations to be represented at the IBAF Women's Baseball World Cup, Australia is one of five teams to have participated in all four of them. To date its best result was in the most recent tournament held in 2010, in which Australia placed 2nd. Previously, the team had finished fourth in each of the tournaments, with medals being shared between Canada, Japan and United States.
At least one Australian has been named to each of the All-Star teams selected at the end of the respective tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="20607049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607049" title="James Howard Gore">
James Howard Gore

James Howard Gore was a mathematical professor at The Corcoran Scientific School (what is now known as George Washington University). In 1905, Gore was the head of the mathematics department and taught a majority of the undergraduate and graduate courses. Outside of academia, Gore is the author of nearly 20 books covering the topics of mathematics, geodesy, European politics, travel and art. Much of his writing was influenced by his time spent in Berlin, Leyden and Brussels, where he completed his post graduate studies. Gore was also a member of several European royal societies such as Commandeur of the Order of Leopold (Belgium), a member of the Order of the Crown (Belgium) and a member of Order of Orange-Nassau. Each of these societies are related to the royal parties of Belgium and the Netherlands and are generally bestowed upon individuals who have demonstrated dedication and commitment towards these respective areas. 
History.
James Howard Gore was born on September 18, 1856 to parents Mahlon Gore and Sydney Cather in Frederick County, Virginia. Growing up, Gore lived on a farm with this family, but at the age of four, Gore's father died. From this point on, Gore's mother took on the responsibility of raising Gore and his two brothers, whom he shared farm chores with. From an early age, Gore displayed interest in the sciences and mathematics and often read scientific literature. Gore took very seriously his education and chose to attend the Hamilton Academy, Richmond College and finally Columbian University (now, The George Washington University). Gore also took time abroad and performed his post graduate studies in Berlin, Leyden and Brussels between the years of 1894 through 1897. However, it was in 1877 that Gore graduated from Columbian University but remained there as a tutor. Thus began his profession of teaching. From 1878 – 1881 he served as a tutor at Columbian University in mathematics; from 1881 – 1883 Gore served as an adjunct professor of mathematics at Columbian University; in 1884 – 1887 he was professor of mathematics and geodesy at the Corcoran Scientific School at the George Washington University; from 1884 – 1909 Gore was a respected professor at the Corcoran Scientific school until his retirement; in 1888 he received an honorary doctorate from Columbian University; and in 1909 – 1939 Gore was a professor emeritus until his death in 1939. Throughout his time teaching at The George Washington University, Gore lived not too far away in a neighborhood frequented by today’s students in Friendship Heights, Maryland. On July 20, 1889, Gore married Lillian van Sparrendahl and they had one child. He died on June 10, 1939 at the age of 82 years old. The George Washington University continues to preserve what materials they have from his days as a professor. 
Publications.
Outside of his teaching career, Gore wrote several publications. Some of these titles include, "Geodesy; Elements of Geodesy; History of Geodesy; Physical Geography; Parliamentary Law; German Science Reader; Editor of German Texts; Political Parties and Party Policies in Germany; Dutch Art as seen by a Layman; How to see Holland; Holland as seen by an American; Legionnaires: A Directory of the Citizens of the United States of whom France has conferred her National Order, the Legion of Honor. "
References.
1. Faculty Personnel Files, DRE1968, Box 25, GNEHM-GOVE, University Archives, Special Collections, Research Center, George Washington University, Washington, D.C.
2. Special GW Mathematics Professors Binder, University Archives, Special Collections, Research Center, George Washington University, Washington, D.C.
3. "The GW and Foggy Bottom Historical Encyclopedia." GWU Encyclopedia. 
4. The George Washington University Bulletin 1905, University Archives, Special Collections, Research Center, George Washington University, Washington, D.C.
5. The George Washington University Catalogue 1908, University Archives, Special Collections, Research Center, George Washington University, Washington, D.C.
For more information, visit the "Special Collections Research Center" at The George Washington University.
George Washington University; Melvin Gelman Library 2130 H Street NW Washington, DC 20052; Telephone Number:202-994-6558

</doc>
<doc id="20607094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607094" title="Cosmocercoides">
Cosmocercoides

Cosmocercoides is a genus of nematode within the order Ascaridida. Nematodes within the genus "Cosmocercoides" have been found as parasites within the rough-skinned newt, "Taricha granulosa". "Cosmocercoides" includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20607103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607103" title="Policewoman of Malaysia">
Policewoman of Malaysia

The Policewoman of the Royal Malaysian Police was first established during the Malayan emergency period, when local women were recruited as Special Police. In August 1955, the Policewoman Unit was officially organized. 
History.
The involvement of women in policing institutions began on June 23, 1948. This restored the women involved in the movement of the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM) during the emergency in 1948. The early history of the establishment of women police from the emergency period in 1948 and the first intake of seven women's with the rank of Women Police Inspector in 1955. The first intake of 56 Women Police Constables (WPC) were ranked was in 1956. An Englishwoman police officer, Miss BDB Wentworth, was assigned to the Policewoman Unit to aid in efforts to recruited the Malayan pioneer group of policewomen. Intake the Women Special Constable or Special Constabulary (SC) have a very good response, especially among those who live in rural areas.
Members of the SC women assigned to the gates of entry and exit of new villages. They carried out their duties with the policemen and the male SC. 
They tasks perform is as Inspecting Officer or Women Searcher against women and children. Prior to the establishment of SC women, these tasks formerly carried out by the police wives and civilians who are appointed as examiners for women. 
After serving 52 years, the women police officers had proven their ability and excellence in various fields. The government at that time actively launched the operation to prevent food supplies from falling into the hands of communist terrorists. After the declaration of emergency was made, the government found that the most effective means to oppose communist terrorism was by checking those people receiving food supplies from public sources. This project required inspection/examination in villages, and because most of the people who worked as rubber tappers in Malaysia were women, they were ideal for the duties of checking food supply receivers.
Special Policewomen also worked in jails and as police escorts for women and children who were detained. Since then, the Policewoman Unit continues to develop, and further plays a vital role to maintain the peace and peoples' well-being in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20607105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607105" title="Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society">
Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society

The Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society was formed in London in 1887 to promote the exhibition of decorative arts alongside fine arts. Its exhibitions, held annually at the New Gallery from 1888–90, and roughly every three years thereafter, were important in the flowering of the British Arts and Crafts Movement in the decades prior to World War I.
The illustrator and designer Walter Crane served as the founding president of the Society for its first three years. Of its goals and purposes, he wrote:
Annual exhibitions were held at the New Gallery in 1888, 1889, and 1890, but the third exhibition failed to match the quality of the first two, and was a financial disaster. William Morris succeeded Crane as president in 1891., and the Society thereafter chose to reduce the frequency of showings in order to ensure an abundance of materials to display. 
The fourth exhibition, held in 1893, was far more successful, and the fifth exhibition of 1896—although clouded by the death of William Morris on its planned opening day—proved to be its most influential. The 1899 exhibit featured a Morris retrospective. Another successful exhibition was held in 1903, but the Society suffered organizational problems in the new century, with the exhibitions of 1906, 1910, 1912 and 1916 each being held in a different location. Crane died in 1915, and architect and designer Henry Wilson was president from 1915 to 1922, but the exhibitions never recovered the critical and artistic success of the 1890s.
The Society published "Arts and Crafts Essays", an influential collection of essays on the decorative arts by its members, in 1893. Contributors included Morris, Crane, T. J. Cobden-Sanderson, Ford Madox Brown, and May Morris.
The Society of Designer Craftsmen, successor to the Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society, is still active.
See also.
Mary Elizabeth Turner (1854–1907). English embroiderer

</doc>
<doc id="20607124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607124" title="Paul Szczechura">
Paul Szczechura

Paul Szczechura (born November 30, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Latvian team Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Playing career.
Szczechura grew up in his hometown of Brantford, Ontario playing minor hockey for both the Brantford Saints and Brant Bandits AAA hockey programs. After being drafted in the 11th round of the 2001 OHL Priority Selection by the Barrie Colts, Szczechura decided to pursue an NCAA scholarship and played three seasons with the Brantford Golden Eagles of the OHA Midwestern Ontario Jr.B. League. He accepted a scholarship to Western Michigan University in 2003.
Previously, Szczechura played for Western Michigan University (CCHA), the Iowa Stars (AHL) and the Norfolk Admirals (AHL). He signed with the Lightning as a free agent on April 24, 2008, and debuted against the Philadelphia Flyers on December 2, 2008. He scored his first NHL goal against Tim Thomas of the Boston Bruins on December 8, 2008. Szczechura scored his second career goal and assisted on another Lightning goal on December 23, 2008 against the Pittsburgh Penguins, and was named the first star of the game. He is currently signed with the Buffalo Sabres to play with their AHL affiliate, the Rochester Americans. On November 26, 2011, The Buffalo Sabres recalled Szczechura. He was promoted to the first line on December 13, 2011.
On May 22, 2012, it was announced that Szczechura signed a one-year contract to join Czech team, HC Lev, for their first foray into the Kontinental Hockey League. Szczechura appeared in three games to start the 2012–13 season, before losing his place in the high flying Lev squad. On September 26, 2012, Szczechura signed contract to transfer over with fellow KHL, club Dinamo Riga.

</doc>
<doc id="20607135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607135" title="Andy Berke">
Andy Berke

Andy Berke (born March 31, 1968) is an American attorney and Tennessee politician. He is the current Mayor of Chattanooga, Tennessee. He is a member of the Democratic Party and represented Hamilton and Marion counties in the 10th District as State Senator from 2007 to 2012. On March 5, 2013, Andy Berke became Chattanooga's Mayor Elect, and was inaugurated on April 15, 2013.
Berke was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, to Marvin and Karen Berke. He has one sister, Julie. He attended the Baylor School in Chattanooga where he was a standout tennis player, and Stanford University where he met his wife, Monique. Mayor Berke currently lives in Chattanooga with his wife and their two daughters, Hannah and Orly.
Education and career.
After graduating from Baylor School, a Chattanooga boarding high school, Andy attended Stanford University. After graduating from Stanford with honors, Berke worked as a legislative assistant for U.S. Congressman Bart Gordon.
Following his graduation from the University of Chicago Law School, he worked as a law clerk for Judge Deanell Reece Tacha of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit in Lawrence, Kansas. During this time he also taught at the University of Kansas School of Law as an adjunct professor.
Berke returned home to Chattanooga and was admitted to the Tennessee Bar in 1994. He joined his family law practice in Chattanooga, which was founded in 1934 by his grandfather, the late Harry Berke.
Public office.
Berke has always been active in politics. He entered a 2007 special election to replace longtime state senator Ward Crutchfield and defeated Republican Oscar Brock, son of former U.S. Senator Bill Brock, with 63% to Brock's 37%. 
He was sworn into the Tennessee Senate on November 21, 2007.
During the 105th General Assembly, Berke served as the secretary of the Senate Education Committee and as a member of the Senate Transportation Committee.
2008 Re-election.
Berke won re-election on November 4, 2008 by defeating Republican Oscar Brock. He received over 70% of the vote.
As a member of the 106th General Assembly, Senator Berke served as the secretary of the Senate Education Committee and as a member of the Senate Transportation committee.
On November 24, 2008, Senator Berke was elected to be the Secretary/Treasurer of the Senate Democratic Caucus.
2012-13 Chattanooga City Mayoral campaign.
On May 8, 2012 Berke officially announced he was running for Mayor of Chattanooga, Tennessee. Andy Berke became Chattanooga's Mayor Elect on March 5, 2013, and was inaugurated on April 15, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20607148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607148" title="List of female freestyle wrestlers">
List of female freestyle wrestlers

This is a list of "female" freestyle wrestlers, in alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="20607214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607214" title="39th Quebec Legislature">
39th Quebec Legislature

The 39th National Assembly of Quebec consisted of those elected in the Quebec general election, 2008. It was in session from January 13, 2009 to February 22, 2011 and from February 23, 2011 to August 1, 2012. Jean Charest (Liberal) served as Premier and Pauline Marois (PQ) was the leader of the opposition.
Member list.
Cabinet ministers are in bold, party leaders are in italic, and the president of the National Assembly is marked with a †.
Cabinet Ministers.
Source: [http://www.premier-ministre.gouv.qc.ca/equipe/conseil-des-ministres-en.asp]
New electoral districts.
An electoral map reform was made in 2011 and went into effect for the 2012 election.
The following electoral districts were created:
The following electoral districts disappeared:
The following electoral district was renamed:

</doc>
<doc id="20607234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607234" title="DAVEC">
DAVEC

The Dejen Aviation Engineering Complex (DAVEC) is a center for overhauling and upgrading military aircraft. Its primary objective is to provide depot level maintenance and carry out upgrading/modification to the fleet of the Ethiopian Air Force. It is one of the Defense organizations of the Ethiopian Defense Industry under the Ministry of National Defense.
History.
The aircraft overhauling center was started in mid-1980s as a project under the name Aircraft Heavy Maintenance Center to overhaul MiG-21 and MiG-23 aircraft of the Ethiopian Air Force. The center was intended to have a capacity for overhauling 50 aircraft annually. It never reached full capability by the time the civil war ended in 1991.
In 1995, the transitional government started reevaluating the project. A team was formed from different organizations and the scope of the center was enlarged to include overhaul of helicopters and transports in addition to fighters as well as carry out upgrade/modification work. The project was implemented in phases and the center was formally inaugurated in 2004.
Operations.
DAVEC has capability to overhaul and repair the following aircraft types and their systems: 
In addition, the complex carries out:
It was reported in December 2008, DAVEC has started manufacturing steel structures and fiber glass for construction of green house to support the fast growing horticulture sector in Ethiopia. [http://www.addisfortune.com/Dejen%20Aviation%20Diversifies%20Into%20Horticulture.htm]
References.
FDRE Defense Industry, May 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20607246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607246" title="Edwin T. Dahlberg">
Edwin T. Dahlberg

Edwin T. Dahlberg (27 December 1892 – September 1986) was an American Baptist church leader. Rev. Dahlberg was known for his strong efforts to promote social justice and peacemaking.
Biography.
Rev. Edwin T. Dahlberg was President of American Baptist Churches USA, (1946–1947) and President of the National Council of Churches USA (1957–1960). Rev. Dahlberg helped found the Fellowship of Reconciliation and the Baptist Peace Fellowship. Rev. Dahlberg advocated pacifism during World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War. Rev. Dahlberg received the Gandhi Peace Award. A graduate of Colgate Rochester Divinity School, he later served as trustee of his alma mater.
American Baptist Churches USA named the Dahlberg Peace Award after Rev. Dahlberg. In 1964 Martin Luther King, Jr. was the first recipient.
Other sources.
Dahlberg, Keith "Edwin T. Dahlberg, Pastor, Peacemaker, Prophet" (Valley Forge, Pennsylvania: Judson Press 1998)ISBN 978-0817012779

</doc>
<doc id="20607264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607264" title="Sanghar Taluka">
Sanghar Taluka

Sanghar Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Sanghar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Sanghar is the capital.
History.
During British rule the taluka of Sanghar was part of the Thar and Parkar district of Sindh (initially part of the Bombay Presidency). In 1901 the taluka covered an area of , however the taluka was subdivided shortly afterwards and then contained an area of 830 square miles.
The population according to the 1901 census was 40,341 this was a decrease of about a thousand since the 1891 census (41,265). The 1901 census also revealed a density of 49 people per square miles which was considerably higher than the district average. The land revenues and cessess in 1903-4 amounted to 130,000, the taluka was chiefly irrigated by the Mithrao Canal and rice was the principle crop.

</doc>
<doc id="20607282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607282" title="Berens River, Manitoba">
Berens River, Manitoba

Berens River is located in Manitoba, Canada, along the eastern shore of Lake Winnipeg. This community is near the mouth of the Berens River, which flows west from the Ontario headwaters. 
The town is accessible only by winter road, boat, or airplane. Recently a project has been announced to construct a dual-lane highway from Bloodvein, connecting Berens River to the continental road system.
The First Nation and fur trade community there was officially started in the 19th century, but the spot was a traditional hunting and fishing area for thousands of years. 
The two communities create a population centre also called Berens River. Both are served by the Berens River Airport.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census, the Berens River designated place had a population of living in of its total private dwellings. According to the 2011 Canada Census, the bordering Berens River First Nation had a population of 1,028. 

</doc>
<doc id="20607289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607289" title="Australia Women's Championships (baseball)">
Australia Women's Championships (baseball)

The Australian Women's Championships is an annual event run by the Australian Baseball Federation. The Championship includes the women's Queensland Rams, Western Australia Heat, Victoria Aces, New South Wales Patriots as well as Victorian Provincial, a New South Wales Country team and Australian Capital Territory.
The tournament for the first 10 years was dominated by Victoria, winning nine and only rivalled by New South Wales, who have won two tournaments. This is mainly due to the strong women's baseball competition in Victoria, which includes 22 teams over three divisions, perhaps the largest local women's baseball competition in the world.
In 2010, the Western Australia Heat went the tournament undefeated, defeating New South Wales in the final 7-6. This was the first final without Victoria competing in it and the first time Western Australia won the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20607317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607317" title="Eric Stewart (Tennessee politician)">
Eric Stewart (Tennessee politician)

Eric Stewart is a Democratic party politician in Tennessee, who once represented the 14th District as State Senator from 2008-2012. His district included all or parts of Bledsoe, Coffee, Franklin, Grundy, Sequatchie, Van Buren and Warren counties. Prior to his election to the State Senate, Stewart served as a Franklin County commissioner. After redistricting in 2012, his district was renumbered District 16 and lost Bledsoe County but added Marion. He opted to not run for re-election in 2012 in the newly drawn district and instead mounted an unsuccessful run in , which includes almost all of his state senate district. He lost to Republican incumbent Scott DesJarlais.
Stewart founded his own insurance agency, Eric Stewart Insurance, in Fayetteville in 1999. The agency currently operates as The Stewart Insurance Agency in Winchester, Tennessee.
2012 Congressional campaign.
On November 17, 2011, Stewart announced his candidacy for Tennessee's 4th congressional district seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. He won the Democratic primary election, but lost to incumbent Republican Scott DesJarlais.

</doc>
<doc id="20607328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607328" title="Gullipilli Sowria Raj v. Bandaru Pavani">
Gullipilli Sowria Raj v. Bandaru Pavani

Gullipilli Sowria Raj v. Bandaru Pavani is an Indian Supreme Court ruling in a lawsuit involving the legality of the marriage to a Hindu woman of a Christian man who had represented himself as Hindu. The court ruled that the marriage was not valid.
Early in December 2008, a Christian, had misled her by pretending to be a Hindu, and tried to blackmail her parents for money or any other asserts in the form of gold. He locked her in a room and didn't allow her to talk to her parents. He took some pictures and asked for more money.
Section 5 of the Act makes it clear that it may be solemnized between any two people if the conditions (such as age eligibility) contained in the said section were fulfilled. In other words, in the even said conditions are not met. 
Allegedly, Raj had misinformed everyone about his social status and she filed a case.
The High Court upheld her plea and said the was void as the Act postulated only between Hindus; following this, Raj, filed a special leave petition (SLP) in the apex court. He claimed that the Hindu Act does not preclude a Hindu from a person of another faith.
However counsel argued that each religious community has its own form which excludes members of other communities. Christian and a non-Christian, but only under the provisions.
Dismissing the Christian appeal, the apex court upheld the High Court’s view that the not valid under the, specifically pointing to the fact that Section 5 of the Act makes it clear that may be solemnized between any two Hindus if the conditions in the said Section were fulfilled.

</doc>
<doc id="20607333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607333" title="API writer">
API writer

An API writer is a technical writer who writes documents that describe an application programming interface (API). The primary audience includes programmers, developers, system architects, and system designers.
Overview.
An API is a basic library consisting of interfaces, functions, classes, structures, enumerations, etc. for building a software application. It is used by development teams to interact with and extend the software. An API for a given programming language and system may consist of system-defined and user-defined constructs. As the number and complexity of these constructs increases, it becomes very tedious for developers to remember all of the functions and the parameters defined. Hence, the API writers play a key role in building software applications.
Due to the technical subject matter, API writers must understand application source code enough to extract the information that API documents require. Some common tools used by API writers include computer software that extracts documentation placed by programmers in the source code in a structured manner, preserving the relationships between those comments and the programming constructs they document.
API writers must also understand the software platform/product and document the new features or changes as part of the new software release. The schedule of software releases varies from organization to organization. The writers need to understand the software life cycle well and integrate themselves into the Systems Development Life Cycle.
API writers in the United States generally follow The Chicago Manual of Style for grammar and punctuation.
Qualifications.
API writers typically possess a mix of programming and language skills; many API writers have backgrounds in programming or technical writing.
Expert API/SDK writers can easily become programming writers.
API writing process.
About 60% of the time spent in the writing process consists of analyzing and understanding the source code and planning the document(s). The remaining 40% of the time would typically be spent writing and reviewing the document(s). It is often the case that the analytical, planning, and writing stages do not occur in a strictly linear fashion.
A good foundation of a variety of programming skills is well-complemented by an ability to communicate effectively, especially when the writer seeks to develop a fluent level of understanding with developers.
This process is one of the most important challenges faced by technical writers. The writing and evaluation criteria vary between organizations. Some of the most effective API documents are written by those who are adequately capable of understanding the workings of a particular application, so that they can relate the software to the users or the various component constructs to the overall purpose of the program. API writers may also be at least partly responsible for authoring end-user product documentation.
Product.
API writers produce documents that include:

</doc>
<doc id="20607348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607348" title="IBM 5550">
IBM 5550

IBM 5550 is a personal computer series that IBM marketed in Japan, Korea, Taiwan and China in the 1980s and 1990s, for business use customers. In Japan, its was introduced in 1983 and promoted as "Multistation 5550" because it had three roles in one machine: a PC, a word processing machine which was traditionally marketed as a machine different from a PC in Japan, and an IBM-host attached terminal.
General.
The IBM PC that had been marketed by IBM since 1981, using Intel 8088, was not powerful enough to process the far eastern languages of Japanese, Korean and Chinese. Nor was the resolution of IBM PC's VGA display high enough to show the complex characters of these languages.
The IBM 5550 was first introduced in Japan in March 1983, using Intel 8086 microprocessor and was called "Multistation 5550" because it had three roles in one machine: a PC, a word processing machine which was traditionally marketed in Japan as a machine different from a PC, and an online terminal.
After the Japanese 5550 models, Korean, Traditional Chinese and Simplified Chinese models were also introduced. IBM 5550 initially used its own architecture, but, later since 1987, was changed to use IBM Personal System/2's Micro Channel Architecture, being renamed as Personal System/55. 
In Japan, Kiyoshi Atsumi, a film actor, was used to promote the 5550. IBM later introduced IBM JX for home users in Japan, Australia and New Zealand, and DOS/V for both business and home users in Japan.
Its features.
IBM 5550's features are:
Competition.
In Japan, Multistation 5550 competed against:

</doc>
<doc id="20607355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607355" title="20th Golden Melody Awards">
20th Golden Melody Awards

Ceremonies of the 20th Golden Melody Awards were held at the Taipei Arena in Taipei, Taiwan on June 27, 2009.
Registration process.
Registration for entry into the 20th Golden Melody Awards was opened December 1–31, 2008. In order to enhance the fairness of decisions, the Government Information Office promised to increase the number of judges, based on recommendations from industry experts. Several changes were also announced to the list of categories that will receive awards:
Registration is open to works released between January 1 and December 31, 2008 (Minguo calendar year 97). Winners in an individual category will receive NT$100,000, while winners for published works will receive NT$150,000. If the award is shared by two or more persons, winners will decide how to allocate the reward money.
Nominees.
Nominees for awards were announced on May 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20607372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607372" title="Light dark matter">
Light dark matter

In astronomy and cosmology, light dark matter refers to dark matter Weakly interacting massive particle (WIMP) candidates with masses less than 1 GeV. These particles are heavier than warm dark matter and hot dark matter, but are lighter than the traditional forms of cold dark matter. The Lee-Weinberg bound limits the mass of the favored dark matter candidate, WIMPs, that interact via the weak interaction to formula_1 GeV. This bound arises as follows. The lower the mass of WIMPs is, the lower the annihilation cross section, which is of the order formula_2, where "m" is the WIMP mass and "M" the mass of the Z-boson. This means that low mass WIMPs, which would be abundantly produced in the early universe, freeze out (i.e. stop interacting) much earlier and thus at a higher temperature, than higher mass WIMPs. This leads to a higher relic WIMP density. If the mass is lower than formula_3 GeV the WIMP relic density would overclose the universe.
Some of the few loopholes allowing one to avoid the Lee-Weinberg bound without introducing new forces below the electroweak scale have been ruled out by accelerator experiments (i.e. CERN, Tevatron), and in decays of B mesons.
A viable way of building light dark matter models is thus by postulating new light bosons. This increases the annihilation cross section and reduces the coupling of dark matter particles to the Standard Model making them consistent with accelerator experiments.
Motivation.
In recent years light dark matter has become popular due in part to the many benefits of the theory. Sub-GeV dark matter has been used to explain the positron excess in the galactic center observed by INTEGRAL, excess gamma rays from the galactic center and extragalactic sources. It has also been suggested that light dark matter may explain a small discrepancy in the measured value of the fine structure constant in different experiments

</doc>
<doc id="20607391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607391" title="Tim Barnes">
Tim Barnes

Timothy Kent "Tim" Barnes is a Democratic party politician in Tennessee, who represented the 22nd District as State Senator from 2009 to 2013. He is perhaps best known for his primary challenge of then-State Senator Rosalind Kurita in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20607403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607403" title="Flat rate (finance)">
Flat rate (finance)

Flat interest rate loans are often used by traditional moneylenders in the informal economy of developing countries. They are also used by many microfinance institutions. One reason for their popularity is their ease of use. For example, a loan of $1,200 can be structured with 12 monthly repayments of $100, plus interest, due on the same dates, of 1% ($12) a month, resulting in a total monthly payment of $112. In the example to the right, the loan contract is for 400,000 Cambodian riels over 4 months. Interest is set at 16,000 riels (4%) a month while principal is due in a single payment at the end.
Flat rate calculations, which are based on the amount of money the borrower receives at the beginning of the loan rather the average amount the borrower has access to during the loan, have been outlawed in developed countries (see for example the Truth in Lending Act). However, they persist in many developing countries, and have frequently been adopted by microcredit institutions. 
For a variety of reasons (see below), flat rates can be useful in lending to poor people, and often disappear very slowly as financial systems develop. 
Flat rate calculations.
To use the example above, the borrower only has access to $1,200 at the very beginning of the loan. Since $100 in principal is being paid each month, the average amount the borrower has access to during the loan term is actually slightly more than half of $1,200. This means that the effective interest on such a loan, if recalculated using the declining balance method, is nearly double the flat rate. "A general rule known by financial managers is that when flat interest is used, the APR is almost twice as much as the quoted interest rate."
In the first 3 examples on the right the borrower will be quoted 1% a month. These are loans of $1,200 each, amortized with level payments over 4, 12 and 24 months. In the 4-month example, the borrower will make 4 equal payments of $300 in principal and 4 equal payments of $12 (1% of $1,200) in interest. This yields an annualized flat rate of 12%, and an annualized effective APR of 19.05%. 
To keep the quoted interest rate as low as possible, microcredit institutions often recover some of their lending costs by charging one-time origination or administration fees before disbursing loans. Because these fees are deemed an inherent cost of borrowing, developed countries generally require lenders to include them in APR calculations. Even an origination fee as low as 4% of the total loan can have a large impact on the borrower's total costs. This is especially true for short-term loans, as the last 3 examples in the table show. Microcredit loans are usually for 12 months or less. 
In order to recalculate a flat rate as an effective APR, it is necessary to model a comparable loan using a declining balance amortization schedule, resulting in the same total cost to the borrower (see table on the left). The loan is for $1,200 repayable in level monthly payments over 4 months. The total cost of this loan includes the principal plus $48.00 in interest. The effective APR is calculated by iteration from the amortization schedule, using the compound interest formula.
Benefits of flat rate lending.
Flat interest rates persist in emerging and informal financial systems due to the following advantages:
Problems with flat rate lending.
Flat interest rates represent a significant problem for financial sector development for the following reasons:
In addition, microfinance institutions (MFIs) that use flat rates calculations are slightly understating the size of their outstanding loan portfolios, which results in the appearance of a higher portfolio yield and lower average loan sizes. Both of these characteristics appeal to donors and external financiers.
Towards consumer protection in borrowing.
Flat interest rates are controversial in microfinance. Chuck Waterfield, designer of "Microfin", a widely used financial modeling tool for MFIs, asks "Why did such a system appear in microfinance lending? The answer is obvious and cannot be debated: it allows the institution to charge nearly twice as much interest for the quoted interest rate as with the declining balance method."
As early as 1889, F.W. Raiffeisen used both ethical and practical grounds to dissuade the credit unions then emerging in Germany from adopting flat rate loan pricing. “It is immoral to charge interest in advance, and also objectionable as a business method. Every member shall have the right at any time to pay back his loan. If interest has been charged for a full year in advance, the members who have made repayments ahead of time, pay too much interest, unless the Credit Union makes a refund. The first arrangement is unjust, the latter involves complicated bookkeeping.”
The less developed an economy, the more active informal moneylenders usually are, and the less capacity the government may have to regulate them effectively. As a result, Brigit Helms argues for an evolutionary approach to interest rates, in which they can be expected to gradually drop as competition increases and the government gains greater capacity to effectively enforce comparable interest rate disclosures on financial sector actors. At the same time, interest rate ceilings, and popular conflation of flat rates with declining balance ones, has led many microfinance institutions to replace interest rate points with transaction fees and other charges, circumventing disclosure norms consistent with APR.

</doc>
<doc id="20607431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607431" title="Oskar Schade">
Oskar Schade

Oskar Schade (March 25, 1826 – December 30, 1906) was a German philologist and Germanist born in Erfurt.
In 1860 he received his habilitation at Halle, and from 1863 to 1906 was a professor at the University of Königsberg. 
He was the author of the influential "Altdeutsches Wörterbuch" (Old German Dictionary), and with August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben (1798-1874), was co-editor of the "Weimarisches Jahrbuch für deutsche Sprache, Literatur und Kunst" (Weimar Annals of German language, literature and art). Other noted works by Schade include:

</doc>
<doc id="20607455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607455" title="Crashing Gates">
Crashing Gates

Crashing Gates is an EP by Kevin Max, released on December 9, 2008 on iTunes Store. It is a continuation of "The Imposter"—"a more focused collection of songs about the Apocalypse."
"Crashing Gates" debuted at #43 on the iTunes Top 100 Alternative Albums chart. According to Max, Universal (dPulse's parent label) is considering releasing a "full package with added songs" in 2009. The "full package," "Cotes d'Armor", was eventually released in 2010 and featured five new songs in addition to remixes of the seven on "Crashing Gates".

</doc>
<doc id="20607462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607462" title="Da Grassroots">
Da Grassroots

Da Grassroots are a Canadian hip-hop production team from Toronto, Ontario, composed of Mr. Attic, Mr. Murray, and Swiff. The Juno Award-winning group contributed to the development of Toronto hip hop throughout the 1990s, highlighted by the release of their debut album "Passage Through Time" in 1999. 
After the underground success of their album, each member began working on various solo projects. Mr. Attic co-founded Choice Cut Records, Mr. Murray produced for LAL, and Swiff produced for artists on the group's Black Employed Records.
Discography.
Production credits.
1993
1994
1995
1996
1999
2000

</doc>
<doc id="20607464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607464" title="Lobb">
Lobb

Lobb is a surname of English origin. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20607494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607494" title="Nellatur">
Nellatur

Nellatur is a village and a panchayati in Gudur Mandal, Nellore district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Demographics.
As of 2001 India census, Nellatur, Gudur, Nellore District had a population of 4,034. Males constitute 50% of the population and females 50%. Nellatur has an average literacy rate of 62.3%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 76%, and female literacy is 63%. In Gudur, 14% of the population is under 6 years of age.
History.
The roots of the village started during Chola Dynasty. Later it was ruled by Satavahanas, Cholas, Pallavas, Telugu Cholas, Kakatiyas, Vijayanagara kings, Golkonda Nawabs ruled this area. The village is also linked with history of Venkatagiri (ruled by Yachendra family) which is 38 km from Nellatur.
Geography.
Nellatur is a Coastal village 2 km from west of Gudur. Village is 40 km away from Bay of Bengal. Village is divided into three parts: Rama Puram, Krishna Puram and BC colony.
There are three water tanks that support agriculture: Ravi cheruvu, Kotta Cheruvu and Patha cheruvu. Around of land is cultivated under these tanks. Major crops grown are paddy, commercial crops like lemon and palm oil. Fruits like mango are cultivated. Chettigari thopu and Allola thota are famous for mango gardens.
Mica belt around Nellatur is considered the 2nd biggest in the country. The mica deposits are located in 1000 km². area covering Nellatur, Gudur, Rapur, Kalichedu, Sydhapuram and Atmakur mandals of the Nellore district. Muscovite, quartz, feldspar and vermiculite type of mica are found around this area.
Balaji lemon Market is present in north-eastern part of the village. Goginenipuram is a small colony located North-West of Nellatur. Chavatapalem is girijana colony of Nellatur Panchayat located at south of the village. Moduga vanam is located south of the village.
Climate.
Nellatur is very hot in summer. The village is quite frequently affected by cyclones and has almost non existent winter. Best Season: October to March. The eastern part of village is flooded often in rainy season with people facing hardships, thanks to visionless authorities and uncontrolled swamping of fields by people. Flies and mosquitoes are present around the year.
Economy.
Nellatur is famous for Mica, Lemon, Acquaculture.
Transport.
Autorikshaws and buses are major transport vehicles. Majority of buses are governed by APSRTC, Government of Andhra Pradesh. The village is very near to Gudur,is accessible by road and rail road.
Air.
Chennai airport is the nearest major domestic/international airport. There is another small domestic airport located in Renigunta. There is a proposal pending with the government of A.P. to develop a new domestic airport on Gudur-Nellore Highway.
Language.
Telugu is the language of the land. The Telugu dialect in Gudur follows the general dialect spoken in and around Nellore district. But the distinctive feature of Gudur is the slow pace of the speech. "Endi mandhala ? " is Nelltur Telugu for " how'z things going / Whats up ? " Tamil, Hindi, and Urdu can be understood at the railway station as it is a big railway junction and people of all languages travel through this station. A relatively small percentage of the population can understand or/and speak English.
Food.
of the people eat rice here.
Places of worship.
Major Temples in the Village
Graama Shakti
Gramma Devatha
Media & entertainment.
Nellatur is served by Sivabhi Channel TV channel
Most people in village has Cable TV connections.
Telugu, English newspapers are available.
Most people spend their time either watching TV, going to movies or attending to temples.
Administration.
The village is governed by the panchayati, led by a Sarpanch, and composed of 10 elected ward members.

</doc>
<doc id="20607506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607506" title="SsangYong Musso Sports">
SsangYong Musso Sports

The SsangYong Musso Sports is a dual cab sport utility truck version of the SsangYong Musso SUV produced from 2002 to 2005. It features a Mercedes-Benz designed engine and gearbox and seats five. Later models also had a turbo diesel option as well as others like a canopy, 'fins', extra tail lights, a chrome trim and an extra row of wheels to hold more weight.

</doc>
<doc id="20607517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607517" title="Yamaguchi esterification">
Yamaguchi esterification

The Yamaguchi esterification is the chemical reaction of an aliphatic carboxylic acid and 2,4,6-trichlorobenzoyl chloride (TCBC, Yamaguchi reagent) to form a mixed anhydride which, upon reaction with an alcohol in the presence of stoichiometric amount of DMAP, produces the desired ester. It was first reported by Masaru Yamaguchi "et al." in 1979.
It is especially useful in the synthesis of macro-lactones and highly functionalised esters.
Reaction mechanism.
The aliphatic carboxylate adds to the carbonyl carbon of Yamaguchi reagent, forming a mixed anhydride, which is then attacked by DMAP regioselectively at the less hindered carbon, producing acyl-substituted DMAP. It reacts with the alcohol to form the product ester. 
The "in situ" formation of the symmetric aliphatic anhydride is proposed to explain the regioselectivity observed in the reactions of aliphatic acids, based on the fact that aliphatic carboxylates are more nucleophilic, and aliphatic anhydrides are more electrophilic towards DMAP and alcohol than their counterparts.

</doc>
<doc id="20607577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607577" title="Bicycle stairway">
Bicycle stairway

A bicycle stairway is a pedestrian stairway which also has a channel alongside it to facilitate walking a bicycle up or down the stairway.
The channel itself is also often called a wheeling ramp or push ramp. There is no standard in the dimensions, materials, or shape used in the channel, however the channel is intended to be sufficient to guide a variety of bicycle tires without binding or causing damage. Cross-section shapes vary, but are usually either nearly rectangular or V- or U-shaped. Depth is generally 2 to 6 cm (1 to 2.5 inches) and width 6 to 13 cm (2.5 to 5 inches). If the stairs do not turn and are relatively short, a flat cross section without sidewalls may suffice. The channel is an inclined plane within easy reach of someone using the stairs. There may be level portions for resting or passing.
Accessibility requirements for handrails tend to conflict with bicycle stairways, as handrails may obstruct or decrease the control of a bicyclist using the channel. Suggestions for resolving the conflicts include providing a single handrail down the middle of the stairs with gutters at the outside edges, or placing handrails at both edges and placing the gutter in the middle. However, the Toronto Transit Commission is testing channels placed next to handrails. Some users have commented about the disadvantages, such as pedals catching on the stairs' handrail.
Bicycle stairways may have arisen in reaction to wear and compaction beside outdoor stairways where bicyclists walking their bikes prefer to roll the bicycle on smooth lawn or soil instead of carrying it or having it bump along the stairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20607597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607597" title="Kaoru Mizuhara">
Kaoru Mizuhara

Personal.
Her voice talent was recognized by scouting agents when she worked as a department store announcer. She is a fan of musical artists Glay, Hisashi, access, L'Arc-en-Ciel, and aiko. She is also a fan of both her co-stars Minoru Shiraishi and Minori Chihara in "Ga-rei -Zero-" for both of their work as the assistant host in the Lucky Channel portion of "Lucky ☆ Star" and the single "Kimi ga Kureta Anohi" respectively. Her character Misao Kusakabe in "Lucky ☆ Star" gained a cult following in fans and spawned internet memes due to her own addition of a nonsensical "vuah" (ヴァ) at the end of her sentence.("if it's picked up within 5 seconds, the germs don't get attached" 五秒以内だったら、菌がつかないんだってヴァ) This began in the 18th episode of the anime where her character Misao was nervous and embarrassed after eating food that has been dropped on the ground in front of others. The popularity was substantial enough to have a 13th Lucky Star character album featuring Misao released four months after the originally planned twelve albums were released even when her character already shared a duet character album as the 9th album.
Voice roles.
Leading roles in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="20607608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607608" title="E77 balloon bomb">
E77 balloon bomb

The E77 balloon bomb was a U.S. anti-crop biological munition based on the design of Japanese fire balloons. The E77 used feathers as a vector to disseminate anti-crop agents from a hydrogen-filled balloon and was first developed in 1950.
Background.
In the late stages of World War II, Japan employed thousands of incendiary and antipersonnel weapons via unmanned balloon, using some 9,300 of these devices, releasing them into the high altitude jet stream to travel over the Pacific Ocean to the North American mainland. The Japanese use of these balloon munitions inspired the E77, though no direct connection was made between the two.
History.
Development of the E77 balloon bomb began in 1950. The design of the E77 was based on the design for the World War II Japanese bomb and approved by the Army's Chemical Corps Technical Committee in April 1951. At time of its development the E77 represented one-sixth of all U.S. biological munitions efforts. The E77 was designated a "strategic weapon" and readied for deployment but was never used in warfare as subsequent developments in munitions supplanted the E77, especially the 750-pound E86 cluster bomb. 
Specifications.
Similar to the Japanese fire balloon on which its design is based, the E77 utilized a hydrogen-filled balloon. Suspended from the balloon envelope was a 32 inch by 24 inch balloon gondola. The E77 was an anti-crop munition, designed to disseminate anti-crop agents, such as wheat stem rust. The balloon bomb employed a dissemination method similar to that of the M115 anti-crop bomb, or "feather bomb". This dissemination method combined a culture of anti-crop agent with a light-weight vector, in this case: feathers.
Tests involving the E77.
At least three separate sets of tests were conducted with the E77 balloon bomb. From October to December 1954 41 E77s were launched at Vernalis, California which demonstrated that the munition met "military characteristics" to create high levels of plant infection on targeted crops. Further testing in 1958 showed that when cereal rust spores were delivered via an oil-based vector (wet spores) that they remained viable for longer periods in less than ideal environmental conditions. Subsequent investigations at Fort Detrick and the University of Minnesota came to several positive conclusions about the effectiveness of oils as carriers of the rust spores.

</doc>
<doc id="20607625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607625" title="Stateira (wife of Artaxerxes II)">
Stateira (wife of Artaxerxes II)

Stateira (died about 400 BC) was the wife of King Artaxerxes II of Persia.
Asteroid 831 Stateira is named in her honour.
Biography.
Stateira was the daughter of the Persian nobleman Hydarnes. She married Artaxerxes II, the oldest son of Darius II of Persia and his wife Parysatis. Probably Darius II wanted to establish good relations with an important noble family, from which Stateira was descended, because her brother Terituchmes married Amestris, a daughter of Darius II. But Terituchmes loved one of his half-sisters more than his royal bride and tried to start a rebellion. Therefore Parysatis had all the children of Hydarnes killed and only spared the life of Stateira at the request of her husband.
Artaxerxes II took over the Persian throne in 404 BC after the death of his father. Stateira seems to have been his only legal wife despite his numerous concubines. She bore a son, Artaxerxes, the heir to the throne, and probably other children. The queen mother Parysatis and Stateira tried to be the key political influence on the king; so the both women became bitter rivals.
Stateira was very popular with the people, allegedly because she left the curtains open when she drove in her carriage and because she talked to the ordinary people. She supported her husband in his quarrel with his brother Cyrus the Younger and criticized her sharp-tongued mother-in-law, because Parysatis had helped her favourite son Cyrus in his attempt to win the Persian throne from his brother Artaxerxes II. Reportedly the intense hatred between the two women led Parysatis to encourage Artaxerxes II to take on concubines in order to hurt his wife. Stateira also publicly spoke up against the cruelties of the queen mother at the Persian court. For example she criticized the brutal treatment of the eunuch Masabates and therefore intensified her conflict with Parysatis.
Finally Parysatis had Stateira murdered. Classical sources give different reasons for this deed. According to one version Parysatis wanted to save the life of the Spartan commander Clearchus and his fellow-generals, who had been taken prisoner by Tissaphernes, but Stateira had succeeded in persuading her husband to execute the prisoners. Therefore Parysatis is supposed to have poisoned Stateira. Plutarch, in his biography of Artaxerxes II, did not believe this story. According to another tradition Parysatis murdered her daughter-in-law because she realized that her son only felt true love for his wife. Plutarch reports that Parysatis performed the assassination with the help of a loyal servant named Gigis. She carved a bird with a poisoned knife in such a way that only one half of the animal was mixed with the poison. This half was served to Stateira when they were dining together. The poisoned meal caused the painful death of Stateira.

</doc>
<doc id="20607652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607652" title="14th Golden Melody Awards">
14th Golden Melody Awards

The 14th Golden Melody Awards ceremony was held at the National Taiwan University Sports Center in Taipei, Taiwan. The ceremony was pushed back to August 2, 2003 from the original May date due to the SARS outbreak.
In this year event, Hong Kong singer Eason Chan won "The album of the year" and "Best Male Singer" resort to his studio album called "Special Thanks To...". He is the first non-Taiwanese singer that win "The album of the year" and the second non-Taiwanese singer that win "Best Male Singer".

</doc>
<doc id="20607706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607706" title="List of Maryland Terrapins football seasons">
List of Maryland Terrapins football seasons

The Maryland Terrapins football team represents the University of Maryland in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS). In its 116 active years, the team has played in over a thousand games, including 23 post-season bowl game appearances. The Terrapins have been awarded 2 national championships, 11 conference champions, and 17 times received a final ranking in the Associated Press (AP) Poll. Maryland is the only Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) team to have twice secured three consecutive outright conference championships. Many Maryland alumni have continued their playing careers in professional football, including Randy White, Boomer Esiason, Shawne Merriman, Dick Modzelewski, and Stan Jones.
The modern Maryland Terrapins football program traces to the team first formed by quarterback Will Skinner in 1892 at what was then known as the Maryland Agricultural College. Since then, the Terrapins (commonly known as the "Terps") have experienced their most success under head coaches Jim Tatum, Jerry Claiborne, Bobby Ross, and Ralph Friedgen.
Between 1947 and 1955, Jim Tatum led the Terps to two national championships, two ACC championships, a Southern Conference championship, and five bowl game appearances. In 1952, Maryland quarterback Jack Scarbath was the runner-up to the Heisman Trophy, which is awarded to college football's most outstanding player. The next year, coach Tatum led the team through an undefeated regular season. This resulted in Maryland being awarded the 1953 National Championship.
During Jerry Claiborne's tenure, from 1972 to 1981, the team captured three consecutive ACC championships and made seven bowl game appearances, the most of any Maryland coach to date. In Bobby Ross's five years at Maryland, from 1982 to 1986, he led the team to three consecutive ACC championships and four bowl appearances. In 1984, quarterback Frank Reich led the team to victory from a 31–0 halftime deficit against Miami in what was then the greatest comeback in NCAA football history. This period was marked by bitter competition for ACC primacy with 1981 national champions Clemson, and between 1974 and 1988, each team won six conference championships.
In 1986, when Maryland basketball star Len Bias suffered a drug overdose, it sent a ripple-effect through the athletic department. Bobby Ross said that he was offended by unfounded "innuendo, insinuation and guilt by association" aimed at the football team and resigned as head coach. In the following fourteen years, Maryland had two winning seasons and appeared in one bowl game.
In 2001, Ralph Friedgen took over a Maryland team that had one winning season in the past decade, and led them to an ACC championship and a Bowl Championship Series (BCS) game in his first season. In the following two years, Friedgen became the only ACC head coach to have led his team to win ten games in each of his first three seasons. In his ten-year tenure, Friedgen led the Terrapins to seven bowl appearances. Most recently, Maryland concluded the 2010 season with a 9-4 record, a win in the Military Bowl, and a top 25 national ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="20607711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607711" title="13th Golden Melody Awards">
13th Golden Melody Awards

The 13th Golden Melody Awards ceremony was held at the Chiang Kai-shek Cultural Center in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, on May 4, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20607755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607755" title="12th Golden Melody Awards">
12th Golden Melody Awards

The 12th Golden Melody Awards ceremony was held at the Chiang Kai-shek Cultural Center in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, on May 5, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20607761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607761" title="Perry (surname)">
Perry (surname)

Perry is a surname of English origin, deriving from either the Old English "pyrige" (pear tree), referring to one who dwells by a pear tree; the Norman French "perrieur" (quarry), possibly referring to a quarryman. Perry was recorded as a surname from the late 16th century in villages near Colchester, Essex, East England, such as Lexden and Copford.
One source suggests the name is of ancient Norman origin and was found in Hampshire in 1066 according to the Doomsday Book. Their name, however, is a reference to the Old English word perie, meaning pear tree. The family held a seat there on lands granted by Duke William of Normandy, their liege lord, for their distinguished assistance at the Battle of Hastings in 1066.
Perry has some resemblance with the Portuguese common surname Pereira, which means pear tree in Portuguese language. Because of that, many Portuguese immigrants to the USA (especially Massachusetts) chose to "Americanize" their Pereira surname to Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="20607807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607807" title="11th Golden Melody Awards">
11th Golden Melody Awards

The 11th Golden Melody Awards ceremony was held at the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall in Taipei, Taiwan, on April 28, 2000. Aboriginal music featured prominently in this award ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20607809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607809" title="Australia National Youth Championships (baseball)">
Australia National Youth Championships (baseball)

The Australian National Youth Championships is a series of annual youth events run by the Australian Baseball Federation. There are tournaments for U18 (AAA), U16 (AA) and U14 (A) levels and are competed by Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia, Territories (ACT & North Territory), New South Wales Country and Victoria Provincial.
Teams are picked by the state governing bodies from their respective state titles. The tournaments also serve a purpose for national teams to be picked.
Stat Leaders.
These are the top stat leaders each tournament:
AAA Leaders.
[http://www.wa.baseball.com.au/site/baseball/wa/downloads/Events%20Tournaments%20200708/AAA%20U18%20National%20Champs%20Stats/lgplyrs.htm#leagp.ldr]

</doc>
<doc id="20607818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607818" title="Snoops">
Snoops

Snoops is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20607831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607831" title="Hokuto Corporation">
Hokuto Corporation

The is a Japanese joint stock company involved in the distribution of adult videos (AV) and adult toys. The firm, founded in March 1990, is headquartered in Tokyo at the Ebisu Garden Place Tower. By late 2008, Hokuto was handling products from more than 150 different adult video studios, making it one of the largest AV distributors in Japan. The company interfaces with the public for sales and information as Outvision.
Company information.
As of July 2007 Hokuto had 185 employees and total assets of 16,618,000,000 yen (about $166 million). Stockholders equity was 6,073,000,000 yen (about $60 million) and company capital amounted to 45 million yen (about $450,000). Sales for the fiscal year ending February 2007 were 28,366,000,000 yen (about $283 million) with sales for the 2008 fiscal year extrapolating to about 30 billion yen (about $300 million). Hokuto had a period of rapid growth from the time of its foundation with sales going from 5.1 billion yen (about $50 million) in fiscal year 2001 to 6.2 billion yen ($60 million) in 2002, 9.8 billion yen ($100 million) in 2003 and 12.3 billion yen ($125 million) in 2004. Under CEO Hiroyuki Shimazaki (島崎啓之), Hokuto caught up with and surpassed its chief rival in AV sales, the Soft On Demand (SOD) group. Some companies which had formerly been part of SOD, including Dogma, Hajime-Kikaku and Aroma Planning, left SOD to become clients of Hokuto.
According to the Japanese market research company Teikoku Databank, after this period of rapid growth, there was a sharp drop in sales at Hokuto, probably due to competition from internet porn sites. From a high of 32.4 billion yen (about $330 million) for fiscal year 2008, income dropped to less than half that amount for the 2010 fiscal year and rival SOD once again became the largest adult conglomerate in Japan.
DMM.
In addition to handling distribution to retailers, Hokuto also runs the DMM Corporation (株式会社デジタルメディアマート or "Digital Media Mart"), incorporated November 1999, which is a major distributor of videos in Japan for both sales and rental and also provides pay-per-view and downloadable digital adult content via its website dmm.co.jp. The director of DMM is Tatsuya Matsue (松栄立也) and the company has a capital of 30 million yen (about $300,000). The DMM website was opened in July 1998 and in September 2011 was ranked #30 in traffic for Japanese sites, #177 in Hong Kong, and #422 globally, with an audience slanted towards middle-aged men.
As of September 2011 DMM had a catalog of more than 160,000 DVDs for sale, more than 200,000 adult videos available for rental and more than 130,000 videos for digital download. It also lists information on more than 30,000 AV actresses and compiles an annual list of the top 100 ranked actresses in sales from its site. In addition, the DMM site provides facilities for a large number of AV actress blogs. DMM also provided an English-language version, en.dmm.co.jp, for pay-per-view or monthly subscription downloads only, but it was discontinued on 29 April 2013.
AV Grand Prix.
Upon the demise of the SOD-sponsored AV Open contest in 2007 owing to fraud, Hokuto started a new competition in 2008, the AV Grand Prix. Winners were determined by sales and by fan voting at the DMM website. The 2008 AV Grand Prix was a success with 77 studios competing and an even larger 2009 contest began in late 2008.
Companies in the Hokuto group.
As of mid-2010, the Hokuto group included 20 studios producing gravure (non-nude) videos and another 19 units involved in adult toys. More than 150 companies were in the business of producing adult videos in various formats and genres. Below is a list of some of the main companies involved in AV production.

</doc>
<doc id="20607838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607838" title="The Fight (How I Met Your Mother)">
The Fight (How I Met Your Mother)

"The Fight" is the tenth episode in the fourth season of the television series "How I Met Your Mother" and 74th overall. It originally aired on December 8, 2008.
Plot.
A bartender, Doug (Will Sasso), gets Ted and Barney involved in a fight with a group of guys sitting in the gang's favorite booth (Doug is very loyal to the regular customers). Marshall and Lily try to warn them off, but Barney vows to join in when Robin reveals that she thinks fights (particularly fight scars) are sexy. Ted also joins in as an experience he thinks he should have sometime in his life.
When they arrive in the back alley, Doug has knocked out the guys single-handedly. Ted and Barney try to give him credit, but he insists they were in the fight as well. Afraid of appearing unmasculine, they take the credit after Barney creates "battle wounds" by blackening his own eye and punching Ted in the nose. They earn the admiration of everyone except Marshall, who claims that he used to fight with his brothers and Ted and Barney wouldn't stand a chance. Ted and Barney laugh it off.
Later, Ted and Barney are sued by the losers of the fight, and they admit to Marshall and the others that they had no role in the victory. Robin, who had been extremely attracted to Barney, cancels a date to a hockey match. Marshall gets the boys out of the lawsuit with their admission of no involvement.
However, another consequence arises - Doug is now the only person named in the suit. As loyalty is extremely important to him, he now plans to pulverize Ted and Barney for their betrayal. Barney runs away in fear. Doug then tells Ted that he was quick to throw him in the fire rather than take any blame for himself, and that that is probably the reason Stella left him. Enraged, Ted punches Doug, who subsequently knocks him out cold. Marshall, however, proves his earlier stories of fighting prowess by knocking out the much larger Doug with one blow; it turns out that his childhood fights with his brothers were not mere horseplay, but vicious brawls. Barney returns to find both Doug and Ted on the floor in pain.
At school, Lily struggles with two kids in her class who are also fighting. First, she has Marshall come to class to preach pacifism, but the kids call him a wuss. She later has Ted come to class (after he has been hit by Doug) to preach the consequences of fighting. The kids are still unmoved.
At the end of the episode, Marshall is shown with Lily at his parents' house 3–5 years later for Thanksgiving. True to his word, Marshall pulls out a lightsaber to carve the turkey, which he earlier mentioned as being available on the market "in 3–5 years".
Critical response.
Donna Bowman of the The AV Club rated the episode B+.
Michelle Zoromski of IGN rated the episode 8.2 out of 10.
Television Without Pity gave the episode a rating A.

</doc>
<doc id="20607848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607848" title="Electoral district of North Perth">
Electoral district of North Perth

The Electoral district of North Perth was a Legislative Assembly electorate in the state of Western Australia. The district was named for its location immediately to the north of the central business district of Perth. 
North Perth was created under the "Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1896", which took effect at the 1897 election. Its first election was notable in producing Western Australia's first Labor member of Parliament, Charles Oldham, who was a former president of the Trades and Labor Council and had become an employer, and hence could afford to run in the days prior to payment of members. Oldham associated with the official opposition led by George Leake, but ultimately his seat was declared vacant for non-attendance on 16 October 1900. An independent, Richard Speight, won at the subsequent general election four months later, but died just seven months into his term.
The seat changed hands several times between Labor and non-Labor members until 1914, when James MacCallum Smith won the seat for the Liberal party, which folded into the Nationalist. He and his Nationalist successor Arthur Abbott were the seat's only members until a major redistribution following the abolition of the neighbouring Perth seat at the 1950 election transformed it into a marginal seat. Future Premier of Western Australia (1982–1983), Ray O'Connor, won his first term of office against the incumbent Labor member Stan Lapham in the 1959 election. The seat was abolished in a redistribution in 1961 ahead of the 1962 election, and the seat was split between a recreated Perth seat and Mount Lawley.

</doc>
<doc id="20607862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607862" title="The Two Sisters">
The Two Sisters

The Two Sisters is a 2007 mystery/suspense film starring Erin Daly, Eve Lorraine, Celeste Yarnall, Brinke Stevens, and Ron Millkie. The film was directed by Terri Dawn Arnold. Two sisters, Kellie and Lannie, see their single mother killed by her boyfriend during an argument when they are 13 and 14 years old. Afterwards, they are angry and subconsciously seek vengeance for their mother's death. The movie was made in Modesto, California.
Synopsis.
Kellie (Erin Daly) and Lannie (Eve Lorraine) see their single mother (Mary Beth Barber) killed by her boyfriend during an argument when they are 13 and 14 years old. They are sent to live with an uncle (Ron Millkie), and soon detest his wife (Laura Haywood) since she gives preferential treatment to her son (Ryan Murphy) and resents their being in her home. Violence is the only way the two sisters know how to handle problems, so they kill the aunt. Their uncle promptly takes them out of his home because he fears for his son's safety. The two sisters are placed in a sanitarium and diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder, which is a form of manic depression.
After five years, the two sisters are now 18 and 19 years old and released from the sanitarium because their doctor (Archie Graham) insists "they are better," even though a nurse (Celeste Yarnall) disagrees. Soon after their release, they see their uncle has sold the home they lived in, and go to college where Kellie makes friends and has a boyfriend (Kyle Decoque). Lannie becomes jealous and uses violence to deal with the problems. Kellie is "the nice one," but also has wicked tendencies.
Recognition.
The screenplay was written by Terri Dawn Arnold. She received Best Script nominations from Action On Film International Film Festival where the movie premiered, and from ShockerFest International Film Festival. In 2009 the movie screened at the DeReel Independent Film Festival in Beaufort, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20607904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607904" title="Glen Sabre Valance">
Glen Sabre Valance

Glen Sabre Valance, age 21, was hanged in Adelaide Gaol for the murder of Richard Strang. He was the last man executed in South Australia on 24 November 1964.
Born Graham Paul Fraser, he changed his name as a teenager, to Glen Sabre Valance, after Liberty Valance, the title character of a 1962 western film.
Motive.
Valance claimed he had a grievance with Strang. Valance once worked for Strang but was sacked because Strang accused him of theft. Strang had legal proceeding against Valance accusing him of theft while Valance claimed Strang had owed him the money and it was Strang's fault he had his car repossessed.
Crime.
In the early hours of 16 June 1964, Glen Valance tied up three station hands at the Koonroon property near Bordertown, South Australia then entered the bedroom of Richard and Suzanne Strang. Valance shot and killed Richard Strang as he slept and then raped his wife. Valance escaped by car and drove towards Adelaide, Mrs Strang called Police and Valance was captured at a road block near Murray Bridge. The rifle was in the car with him.
Trial and Sentence.
Valance pleaded insanity but was found guilty and sentenced to death by South Australian state Chief Justice Sir Mellis Napier on 17 September 1964. The Supreme Court of South Australia dismissed his appeal on 9 October and a further application to the High Court of Australia for leave to appeal was rejected on 9 November. The death sentence was carried out on 24 November.

</doc>
<doc id="20607905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607905" title="Ralph Leavitt">
Ralph Leavitt

Ralph J. Leavitt (born 1877, date of death unknown) was an early New York City automobile dealer charged with fraud who successfully avoided arrest over a period of months, both in New York City and in his native York Harbor, Maine, where he fled, and where he tied his speedboat to a buoy, threatening officers with a pistol. Leavitt's flight from justice was chronicled in the newspapers of the day.
Leavitt set off the mad dash after jumping bail in 1905 in Manhattan, where he was charged with fraud in connection with a trade-in at his Manhattan car dealership, the Leavitt Motor Power Exchange. In a chase-scene reported blow-by-blow in The New York Times, Leavitt was said to have barely escaped capture in New York, and then fled northward to Maine.
Surprised by detectives at his Maine home, Leavitt took to his boat in York Harbor, "defying officers and threatening to shoot the first man who dared to molest him," after which "he came ashore and disappeared," The New York Times reported. Earlier Leavitt had moored to a buoy, "prepared to keep away all hostile persons by use of his revolver."
In an era before cable news networks, the hijinks of the New York car dealer kept a nation riveted. A day after The New York Times informed its readers that the scofflaw Leavitt had taken to his launch to evade arrest, The Times announced in a front-page headline: "HOW LEAVITT HELD OUT AGAINST ALL COMERS." In smaller serif print, the newspaper of record noted that "Armed in His Launch, He Defied Beardsley and His Sleuths." ("EVEN THE SHERIFF DAUNTED" was the subhead.) And below that the Times noted that the "Auto Dealer Raised Such Serious Objections to Arrest That Detectives Returned to This City.")
The wily auto dealer, according to The Times, had outwitted even Hubert T.E. Beardsley of the American Bonding Company. "The next time he goes in pursuit of Ralph J. Leavitt," said the Times of Beardsley, "he will take a squadron of cavalry if the chase is by land, or a torpedo boat, if the seas or other bodies of water have to be traversed."
Beardsley's adventure, according to The Times, began when Toledo, Ohio-bound New York real estate mogul Robert G. Kelsey picked up a car from Leavitt's dealership. The automobile "fell to pieces as soon as it was on the road," and Kelsey, learning that Leavitt had already sold the steam-driven model he'd traded in, had Leavitt arrested. Ralph Leavitt subsequently made bail, was released, and fled to his old Maine haunts, whereupon bondsman Beardsley set off for Maine in hot pursuit, along with four other detectives.
Arriving in York Harbor, Maine, Beardsley and his detectives asked directions to the Leavitt homestead in York Corners, some seven miles inland. On arriving at the Leavitt home, the bondsman reminded auto dealer Leavitt that he was a fugitive, and asked Leavitt to come quietly. "Leavitt laughed long and loud," according to The New York Times, saying that "no one in the present company could put handcuffs on him. Leavitt took down from the mantel a revolver, and repeated that he didn't think that anyone present wanted to handcuff him."
The New York detective tried a different approach. "Mr. Beardsley tried tact, artifice and diplomacy,' said The Times. "Mr. Leavitt softened. He laid aside his resolve and invited his visitors to have a bite to eat while he went upstairs to prepare himself for the journey to New York." Minutes passed, and when the New York detectives went upstairs to locate Leavitt, they discovered the car dealer had fled, taking to his yacht. Beardsley and the detectives followed. When they put in at the Harbor, a bullet whizzed by their heads from the direction of Leavitt's Haidee speedboat, "the swiftest craft in any water thereabouts."
Facing defeat, the New York City detectives rang up Sheriff Athorne of York County, who motored out to Leavitt on his dory. The fugitive Leavitt told the sheriff that some New Yorkers were trying to kidnap him, and that if they tried again he would shoot them. Hearing this, bail bondsman Beardsley chartered a tugboat from Portsmouth, New Hampshire, "with which to take up the chase again," reported The New York Times. "The Portsmouth tug owner, however, did not enthuse over the proposition," said The Times," and, as there were no armored motor boats in the neighborhood and not a torpedo boat nearer than Newport, Mr. Beardsley and the detectives came back to New York."
In the environs of York Harbor, noted The Times, the New Yorkers may have shown good judgment as "Leavitt has a reputation of being a crack shot with a revolver." Moreover, the fugitive Mainer was said by The Times to have been well fortified for the encounter. "Leavitt's boat is well stocked," reported The Times, "and he intends to remain on board indefinitely, or to put to sea if the New York deputies decide to pursue him again."
Ultimately, as far as is known, Leavitt came ashore at his Maine home and never returned to New York City. The early automotive dealer did, however, later race cars in Santa Monica, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20607910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607910" title="Zgornje Palovče">
Zgornje Palovče

Zgornje Palovče (in older sources also "Zgornje Paloviče", ) is a settlement in the hills east of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
A 350-year-old farmhouse in the settlement, known as the Budnar House, has been converted into a small museum. It has a shingled roof and much of the original furnishings, including a smoke kitchen and a prayer corner. Various exhibitions are periodically held in what used to be the barn.

</doc>
<doc id="20607913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607913" title="Khaled bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud">
Khaled bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud

Khaled bin Talal () (born 10 January 1962) is a member of the Saudi Royal Family, the third son of Prince Talal and Mona El Solh, daughter of Riad as-Solh, Lebanon's first Prime Minister. He is full-brother of Al Waleed bin Talal, and holds no official position in the Saudi government.
Personal life.
Khaled married to Jazzi bint Saud bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud in 1988 at Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. He is a past President of Saudi's Al-Hilal Volleyball Club.
His son Alwaleed bin Khalid bin Talal Al Saud. Suffered from a traffic accident caused him to be in a coma and he is now lying at the Specialist Hospital in Riyadh.
Bounty offer for capture of Israeli soldiers.
Khaled stated on 29 October 2011 that he would give $900,000 for the capture of any Israeli soldier for use as bargaining leverage in potential future negotiations with Israel for the release of Palestinians held in Israeli prisons, variously estimated in late October 2011 as between 5,000 and 7,000 persons. Details provided about his announcement varied considerably among the many media outlets that covered it, with some apparent contradictions among them, and with some reports excluding any mention of the previous bounty offers made by Israeli groups that the Prince said prompted his offer.
Background.
The prisoner-exchange agreement signed between Israel and Hamas in October 2011 that arranged for the release of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and over 1,000 mainly Palestinian and Arab-Israeli prisoners was received with disapproval by some members of the Israeli public. Subsequent to this exchange, according to comments made by Saudi cleric Awad Al-Qarni and reiterated by Prince Khaled, one Israeli family offered $100,000 for the capture of a Palestinian man released under the deal who they believed was responsible for the 1998 death of one of their relatives. As of late October 2011, news agencies were reporting at least two such $100,000 bounties on-offer by Israeli extremist groups for the killing of Palestinians who were released in the exchange and who they believe to have been responsible for the killing of Israelis.
Saudi cleric's offer and resulting counter-offer.
In what he described as a response to the $100,000 bounty offered by the Israeli family as described above, Saudi cleric Awad Al-Qarni offered his own bounty in the same $100,000 amount for the capture of any Israeli soldier, with the understanding that any soldier so captured would be used in a potential subsequent prisoner exchange to try to secure the release of some of the thousands of Palestinians who remain in Israeli prisons. Awad Al-Qarni's offer of one hundred thousand dollars for the "capture" of an Israeli soldier was met with a counter-offer of one "million" dollars for the "killing" of the Muslim cleric. "Dr Awad al-Qarni said he was offering $100,000 to only take a prisoner but they responded by offering $1 million to kill Awad al-Qarni," Prince Khaled stated according to a recording of a telephone call he placed to a private Saudi television network, and that was published by that network on its website.
Prince adds to cleric's offer.
In what he said was a response to the $1 million bounty offered by Israelis for the killing of Saudi cleric Awad Al-Qarni, Prince Khaled increased the cleric's offer of $100,000 for the capture of an Israeli soldier by $900,000, thus bringing the combined amount offered by the two men up to the same $1 million figure offered for the cleric's death. The Prince made the announcement in a 29 October 2011 telephone call to the Saudi kingdom's private al-Daleel television station.
Criticism over his brother Al Waleed bin Talal.
As part of conservative wing in Saudi royal family, Khaled said he had been forced to speak out after quiet efforts to advise his brother to mend his ways had fallen on deaf ears. Khaled, told an Arabic website that his brother's plan to introduce cinema into Saudi society was the straw that broke the camel's back. This was a reference to a Saudi film financed by Al-Waleed bin Talal, and shown in Saudi Arabia late last year despite fierce opposition from Islamist activists.

</doc>
<doc id="20607919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607919" title="Yvonne Timmerman-Buck">
Yvonne Timmerman-Buck

Yvonne Elisabeth Marie Antoinette Timmerman-Buck (26 July 1956, Kerkrade) is a Dutch Politician of the Christian Democratic CDA party.
She was President of the Senate in the period 2003-2009.
Her father Werner Buck is a retired Politician of the Catholic People's Party and was State Secretary of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment in the Cabinet Biesheuvel I.

</doc>
<doc id="20607923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607923" title="Frank Richard Maloney">
Frank Richard Maloney

Frank Richard Aloysius Jude Maloney (September 9, 1945 – January 6, 2009) was an American writer, editor, and poet. He was born in Seattle, Washington. He was a graduate of the University of Washington in Seattle where he studied under the poet and professor Nelson Bentley. Bentley had been a student of Theodore Roethke and W.H. Auden. 
As editor-in-chief of Raven's Mask Press and Bonefire Press, Maloney later published two notable works by Nelson Bentley: "A Day at North Cove", Raven's Mask Press, Seattle, 1974 and "Grayland Apocalypse", Bonefire Press, Seattle, 1972 
Frank Maloney's work is featured in the anthology, "The Gift of Tongues: Twenty-five Years of Poetry from Copper Canyon Press." In 1974, Copper Canyon Press also published Maloney's best-known work, "How to Eat a Slug".

</doc>
<doc id="20607932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607932" title="Gerrit Braks">
Gerrit Braks

He was a member of the Catholic People's Party from 1975 until 1980 when this party became part of the Christian Democratic Appeal. He was a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands in 1977–1980, 1981–1982, 1986 and 1989. He was minister of farming and fishery in 1980–1981,
and 1982–1989, and was in this function during the Chernobyl disaster. In 1989 he was minister of education and sciences and he was minister of farming, nature management and fishery in 1989–1990. He was a member of the Senate of the Netherlands from 11 June 1991 until 10 June 2003. And as such he was parliamentary group leader in the senate from 18 June 1999 until 2 October 2001 when he became president of the Senate until 2003. 
Other functions.
From 11 March 1991 until 1 April 1996 he was chairman of the Katholieke Radio Omroep. On 1 september 2007 he was named acting mayor of Eindhoven until after a referendum the next Mayor was named by the crown on 7 april 2008.
Honors.
He is a commander in the order of the Netherlands Lion and a knight in the order of Orange-Nassau. He also received the Jacoba van Beierenprijs in 1990, an honorary badge from the Wageningen University and Research Centre in 1993 and is an honorary citizen of the Dutch province of North Brabant. The Spanish king made him Knight Grand Cross in the order of Isabella the Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="20607935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607935" title="Jie Chen">
Jie Chen

Jie Chen (, born 1985) is a Chinese pianist.
Chen studied at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music and the Curtis Institute of Music. She debuted with the Philadelphia Orchestra at age 16, and has concertized around the world, including performances at Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall. 
She has won a number of prizes, including winning fourth place at the 11th Arthur Rubinstein International Piano Master Competition.
Her concerts have been well received.

</doc>
