<doc id="20673108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673108" title="Neutral lipid storage disease">
Neutral lipid storage disease

Neutral lipid storage disease (also known as Chanarin–Dorfman syndrome) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by accumulation of triglycerides in the cytoplasm of leukocytes, muscle, liver, fibroblasts, and other tissues.
It can be associated with "CGI58".

</doc>
<doc id="20673110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673110" title="HWT">
HWT

HWT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20673118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673118" title="Uncial 0298">
Uncial 0298

Uncial 0298 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 8th or 9th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 26:24-29 in Greek and Matthew 26:17-21 in Coptic, on 1 parchment leaf (). The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th or 9th century.
It is a palimpsest, the lower text is in Latin, it was written in the 5th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Fundación Sant Lluc Evangelista (P. Barc., inv. n. 4) in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="20673121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673121" title="Christian Calmes">
Christian Calmes

Christian Calmes (11 July 1913 – 5 July 1995) was a Luxembourgian civil servant, lawyer, and historian. He served as Secretary-General of the precursor to the Council of the European Union from its inception as part of the European Coal and Steel Community in 1952 until 1973.
Calmes was President of the Young Lawyers of Luxembourg from 1945 to 1946. He wrote two books on the history of Luxembourg: "Histoire contemporaine du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg" (1968) and "Au fil de l'Histoire" (1968, with his father). They have been printed in several editions since, and the former has been widely used as a textbook. Calmes was Grand Marshal of Luxembourg from 1981 until 1984.
He died in Grasse, France, in 1995, at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="20673134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673134" title="Turňa Castle">
Turňa Castle

Turňa Castle is a castle in Turňa nad Bodvou.

</doc>
<doc id="20673137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673137" title="Brilliant (schooner)">
Brilliant (schooner)

Brilliant is a schooner located at Mystic Seaport in Mystic, Connecticut, United States. "Brilliant" was built in 1932 on City Island, Bronx, by Henry B. Nevins to a design by Sparkman & Stephens for Walter Barnum. "Brilliant" was built as an ocean racing yacht, and on her maiden voyage crossed the Atlantic Ocean in just over 15 days, a record for a sailing yacht of her size.
During World War II, the schooner was acquired by the U.S. Coast Guard and used to patrol the New England coast for enemy submarines. During this time, two machine guns were mounted on "Brilliant"s deck.
After the war, "Brilliant" was purchased by the accomplished sailor Briggs Cunningham, who attempted to increase her speed by outfitting her with a larger rig. The new rig consisted of taller masts, a self-tacking forestaysail, and a Bermuda-mainsail, replacing the original gaff main. During this time, Cunningham also invented what became known as the cunningham, a tie-down for the tack (the lower, forward corner of the mainsail) that allows the sail to maintain a more efficient shape. This makes "Brilliant" the first boat to have the device, now standard on racing boats of all sizes. Despite his modifications, Cunningham was unable to significantly improve the "Brilliant"s speed and he donated her to Mystic Seaport in 1957.
Mystic Seaport now uses her as an offshore classroom and features her as part of their collection of watercraft.

</doc>
<doc id="20673141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673141" title="Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights">
Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights

The Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights is an international treaty establishing complaint and inquiry mechanisms for the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. It was adopted by the UN General Assembly on 10 December 2008, and opened for signature on 24 September 2009. As of February 2014, the Protocol has 45 signatories and 12 state parties. It entered into force on 5 May 2013.
Genesis.
In 1966, the United Nations General Assembly adopted the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. The Covenant obliged its parties to recognise and progressively implement economic, social, and cultural rights, including labour rights and right to health, right to education, and right to an adequate standard of living, but did not include any mechanism by which these obligations could be legally enforced.
Work on an individual complaints mechanism began in 1990, with a view to developing an Optional Protocol similar to those of other UN human rights instruments. Development was encouraged by the 1993 World Conference on Human Rights, which recommended the Commission on Human Rights and CESCR to "continue examination of optional protocols" to the ICESCR.
CESCR presented the first draft Optional Protocol in 1997. In 2002, the Committee established an open-ended working group to continue development. In 2006, the Human Rights Council gave the open-ended working group the task of formally negotiating a draft text. Negotiations were completed in April 2008, and the resulting Optional Protocol was formally adopted by the UN General Assembly on 10 December 2008. It was opened for signature on 24 September 2009.
Summary.
The Optional Protocol establishes an individual complaints mechanism for the Covenant similar to those of the First Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Article 14 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination. Parties agree to recognise the competence of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights to consider complaints from individuals or groups who claim their rights under the Covenant have been violated. Complainants must have exhausted all domestic remedies, and anonymous complaints and complaints referring to events which occurred before the country concerned joined the Optional Protocol are not permitted. The Committee can request information from and make recommendations to a party. Parties may also opt to permit the Committee to hear complaints from other parties, rather than just individuals.
The Protocol also includes an inquiry mechanism. Parties may permit the Committee to investigate, report on and make recommendations on "grave or systematic violations" of the Convention. Parties may opt out of this obligation on signature or ratification.
The Optional Protocol required ten ratifications to come into force.

</doc>
<doc id="20673159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673159" title="Misty Picture">
Misty Picture

Misty Picture was a test conducted on May 14, 1987 by the United States Defense Nuclear Agency (now part of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency) involving the detonation of several thousand tons of conventional explosives to simulate the explosion of a small nuclear bomb.
From the test report:
MISTY PICTURE
was the fourth test in the MISTY CASTLE series of large-scale High Explosive (HE) tests sponsored by the Defense Nuclear Agency (DNA). The test was run on 14 May 1987. The explosive consisted of 4675 tons of an Ammonium Nitrate and Fuel Oil (ANFO) mixture loaded in bulk into a 44-foot radius fiberglass hemisphere. Detonation of this charge provided an airblast and ground motion environment which was used by numerous agencies to collect basic explosive environmental data and to test a variety of systems and equipment in a simulated nuclear environment. The resulting overpressure from the detonation simulated the approximate equivalent airblast of an 8 kiloton nuclear device.
Objective.
From the introduction to the test report:
MISTY PICTURE was sponsored by the Defense Nuclear Agency (DNA), with Field Command. DNA (FCDNA) being tasked with executing the event. The primary objective of the test is to provide an airblast and ground shock environment for DoD-sponsored experiments. These experiments are designed to determine the response of tactical and strategic weapon systems, communications equipment, vehicles and a variety of structures to a simulated nuclear environment. A secondary objective is to provide a thermal environment (in conjunction with the airblast) for specific experiments. A third objective is to provide a simulated nuclear precursor environment in support of the Air Force Hardened Mobile Launcher (HML) program.
A more detailed description later in the report:
MISTY PICTURE will be a High Explosive (HE) event designed to provide a blast, thermal, and shock environment for the Department of Defense (DOD), U.S. Government Agencies, and foreign governments sponsoring target experiments. For selected experiments, seven Thermal Radiation Sources (TRS) are placed at varying distances from Ground Zero (GZ) to augment the blast and shock environment by providing thermal radiation. The TRS will operate just prior to detonation of the explosive charge. Execution is currently scheduled for 14 May 1987. MISTY PICTURE will detonate 4,880 tons of Ammonium Nitrate Fuel Oil (ANFO) placed at ground level. Test objectives
are to: 
In addition to the before mentioned objectives, four Talos/Terrier missiles and 20 Viper rockets will be fired into the dust cloud produced by the MISTY PICTURE detonation during the T+1 minute to T+3 minute time period. The missile payloads are ballistic re-entry vehicles being tested for the effects of dust erosion on their surfaces and trajectories. The rockets are samplers to define the environment that the re-entry vehicles were exposed to.
Event description.
The test was conducted at the Permanent High Explosive Test Site (PHETS) on White Sands Missile Range (WSMR), approximately 20 miles (30 km) south of the Northern Range boundary. Ground Zero (GZ) was approximately 500 feet south-southeast from the GZ used for the June 1985 Minor Scale event.
Gracon Corporation(Loveland, CO) did the helium dispersion into the precursor.

</doc>
<doc id="20673163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673163" title="Emperor Francis cherry">
Emperor Francis cherry

The Emperor Francis cherry is a sweet cherry cultivar "(Prunus avium)" that produces a bright red fruit which is resistant to cracking. In 1996, it was the source of the first cherry genetic map, which was created from a haploid-microspore derived population from the Emperor Francis cultivar. It is also one of the sources of the Newfane sweet cherry, which was created by crossing the Emperor Francis with the Stella cherry.

</doc>
<doc id="20673164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673164" title="Bill George (visual effects supervisor)">
Bill George (visual effects supervisor)

Bill George is a visual effects supervisor.
Biography.
During his teens, Bill George was a dedicated and talented model maker. He used to forage through the dumpsters outside the Van Nuys, Los Angeles facility of Industrial Light & Magic, hoping to find souvenirs. In 1979, he began his career, building miniatures for Greg Jein in Los Angeles. In 1981, he joined Industrial Light & Magic. Over the years he has worked in a variety of capacities. He has been a model shop supervisor, art director, matte painter and visual effects supervisor. Some career highlights include miniature construction and design on "Blade Runner", art direction and design for five "Star Trek" feature films, directing over thirty television commercials at ILM and overseeing model construction on "Ghostbusters II" and "Alive".
In 1988, George received the Best Visual Effects Academy Award for his work on "Innerspace".

</doc>
<doc id="20673171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673171" title="San Juan Wilderness">
San Juan Wilderness

San Juan Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the San Juan Archipelago in northwestern Washington, United States. The wilderness designation protects 81 of the 83 islands that make up the San Juan Islands National Wildlife Refuge scattered over .
Wildlife.
The San Juan Wilderness provides sanctuary for a large variety of animals including species of gull, cormorant, guillemot, puffin, brant, oyster catcher, killdeer, auklet, bald eagle, and harbor seal.
An estimated 200 species of birds visit the islands each year. Harbor seals and whales are common in surrounding water and black brant have historically used the kelp beds for winter feeding.
Recreation.
Recreation in San Juan Wilderness is limited to wildlife watching from afar. Boaters are requested to stay 200 yards from wilderness when observing wildlife. Public entry to the designated land is not permitted, with the exception of Matia Island, which is accessed by a cove with a dock. Matia Island boasts a campground and a trailhead to the trail through the wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="20673175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673175" title="2004 NECBL season">
2004 NECBL season

The 2004 NECBL season was the 11th season in the history of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league's Middletown, Connecticut franchise, the Middletown Giants, moved to Holyoke, Massachusetts and became the Holyoke Giants. Also, the league's Willimantic, Connecticut franchise, the Thread City Tides, moved to Hinsdale, Massachusetts and became the Berkshire Dukes.
In the quarterfinal playoff rounds, Riverpoint defeated Manchester 2-1, Sanford defeated North Adams 2-1, Keene defeated Vermont 2-0, and Newport defeated Torrington 2-1. In the semifinal rounds, Sanford defeated Keene 2-1 and Newport defeated Riverpoint 2-1. In the championship round, Sanford defeated Newport 2-1 to win the franchise's first NECBL title.

</doc>
<doc id="20673186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673186" title="CBRH">
CBRH

CBRH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20673201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673201" title="UA Horta">
UA Horta

Unió Atlètica d'Horta is a football team based in Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1922, it plays in the Segona Catalana of Catalonia. Its stadium is "Feliu i Codina" with a capacity of 5,000 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20673237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673237" title="List of Truman State University people">
List of Truman State University people

The following is a list of notable people associated with Truman State University, located in the American city of Kirksville, Missouri.
Presidents.
These persons have served as presidents or interim presidents of North Missouri Normal and Commercial School (1867–1868), North Missouri Normal School (1868–1870), North Missouri Normal School of the 1st District (1870–1918), Northeast Missouri State Teachers College (1918–1968), Northeast Missouri State College (1968–1972), Northeast Missouri State University (1972–1996), and Truman State University (1996–present).

</doc>
<doc id="20673250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673250" title="Theodore High School">
Theodore High School

Feeder patterns.
The following middle schools feed into Theodore High School [http://images.pcmac.org/Uploads/MCPSS/MCPSS/Divisions/PagesLevel1/Documents/middle.pdf]:
Portions of the attendance zone:
Athletics.
Theodore's athletic teams plays in the Alabama High School Athletic Association Class 6A Region 1. The mascot for the athletic teams is the Bobcats.
School uniforms.
Theodore requires school uniforms
Theodore uniforms consist of red, white, black polo or oxford style shirts.
Pants:(girls)khaki pant or Bermuda style shorts
Pants:(boys) same as girls
Shoes: brown or black leather shoes
Belts: any. (as of 2010)
Administration.
Principal
Ronald Rowell
Asst Principals
Don Mitchell 
Patty Parris 
David Diaz
Freshman Academy Coordinator
Dennis, Andrea
Accreditation.
Theodore High School is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Council on Accreditation and School Improvement and the Commission on International and Trans-Regional Accreditation for 2007 and, therefore, is entitled to all the services and privileges of regional, national, and international professional recognition.
History.
Theodore High School was founded in 1920. The school was moved to its new location and building in 1982. Theodore High School is located in the southern section of the county near world famous Bellingrath Gardens.
The school has an enrollment of approximately 1700 students in grades 9-12, and a teaching staff of 101.

</doc>
<doc id="20673251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673251" title="Trogodendron fasciculatum">
Trogodendron fasciculatum

Trogodendron fasciculatum or the yellowhorned clerid, is a small beetle of the family Cleridae (checkered beetles). "T. fasciculatum" is native to Australia, and feeds on other insects.

</doc>
<doc id="20673264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673264" title="2004 Motor City Bowl">
2004 Motor City Bowl

The 2004 Motor City Bowl, part of the 2004–05 NCAA football bowl games season, occurred on December 27, 2004 at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan.
Team selection.
The Toledo Rockets entered the game as the champions of the Mid-American Conference as they defeated Miami University on December 2, 2004 in the MAC Championship Game by a score of 35–27. This was Toledo's third trip to the bowl. They also appeared in 2001 and 2002. The Connecticut Huskies qualified for their first ever bowl appearance by finishing 7–4 and had a Big East Conference record of 3–3. Connecticut was invited to the game when the Big Ten could not provide a qualifying team.
Game summary.
The announced attendance of 52,552 was, at the time, a record crowd for the Motor City Bowl. It has since been surpassed by both the 2006 and 2007 games.
First quarter.
Larry Taylor received the opening kickoff for UConn at the eight-yard line and returned the ball 34 yards to the Connecticut 42-yard line. Behind the passing of quarterback Dan Orlovsky and the running of Cornell Brockington, the Huskies moved down the field, earning three first downs. The drive stalled at the Toledo 17-yard line; Matt Nuzie came on to successfully kick a 35-yard field goal. UConn took an early 3–0 lead, with 11:55 left in the first quarter.
Toledo received the ensuing kickoff, but lost yardage on the return and had to start their opening drive from their own eight-yard line. On their first offensive play they promptly earned their first first down of the game, on a 12-yard pass from quarterback Bruce Gradkowski to wide receiver Kenny Higgins. After being stopped for no gain on the next play, running back Trinity Dawson uncorked a 22-yard run on second down to earn Toledo's second first down of the drive. The Rockets were unable to progress further, however, and punted the ball to the Huskies, who likewise were unable to advance. Toledo received the Connecticut punt but could not earn a first down on three plays. On 4th-and-4 on their own 45-yard line, the Rockets faked the punt attempt and attempted to earn a first down, but fumbled the ball; Connecticut's Tyler King recovered. The Huskies made Toledo pay for their mistake. After three plays earned only four yards, UConn went for it on fourth down. Dan Orlovsky connected with wide receiver Jason Williams for 32 yards and a touchdown. After Nuzie kicked the extra-point, the Connecticut lead was extended to 10–0, with 4:36 left in the first quarter.
The Rockets started their next drive from their own 27-yard line. Two plays netted Toledo five yards, which were promptly lost on a penalty, setting up a 3rd-and-10. Gradkowski's pass was incomplete, forcing the Rockets to punt. Toledo's punt was caught by UConn's Larry Taylor, who ran down the right sideline 68 yards, all the way for a touchdown. After the extra point, the Huskies now had a 17–0 lead. UConn's 17 points were a Motor City Bowl-record for most points scored in a first quarter.
The Rockets got the ball back on their own 31-yard line, and moved down the field on runs by Trinity Dawson, aided by a 15-yard penalty on the Huskies on third down. Dawson's 11-yard run up the middle on 2nd-and-6 set up a 1st-and-10 on the UConn 28-yard line as the first quarter clock expired. At the end of the first quarter, Connecticut held a 17–0 lead.
Second quarter.
Toledo continued their drive down the field as the second quarter began. Twice UConn had a chance to stop the Rockets, forcing them into second- or third-and-long scenarios. Twice Toledo converted the first down, the first time on a 14-yard run by Trinity Dawson, the second time on a 16-yard pass from Gradkowski to tight end Chris Holmes, setting up a 1st-and-goal on the Connecticut 4. On first down Dawson gained three yards; on second down Gradkowski kept the ball himself but was stopped for no gain. Gradkowski tried again on third down, and this time punched the ball in for the touchdown. After the extra point, the Rockets now trailed the Huskies, 17–7.
Connecticut promptly responded on their next drive. They began in Toledo territory, after a 54-yard kickoff return by Larry Taylor. After two Cornell Brockington runs and a five-yard penalty against the Huskies set up 3rd-and-2, Orlovsky connected with wide receiver Jason Williams for four yards and the first down. After another Brockington run, Orlovsky and Williams would connect again for a first down, this time gaining five yards. On the next play Orlovsky completed a pass to Brandon LcLean for 11 yards and another first down, moving the ball to the Toledo 7-yard line. After one incompletion, Orlovsky threw over the middle to Brian Sparks, scoring the touchdown. The extra point was good; Connecticut now held a 24–7 lead over Toledo.
The Rockets started their next drive from their own 22-yard line. Gradkowski connected with Chris Holmes for 15 yards and a first down, but after that the drive stalled after a sack and a penalty drove Toledo back to their own 29-yard line and set up 3rd-and-15. Trinity Dawson's 10-yard run still left the Rockets five yards short of the first down; Toledo punted. Connecticut took over on their own 26-yard line and used a variety of players to move down the field; fullback Deon Anderson and wide receiver Jason Williams carried for three and 16 yards respectively to move the Huskies to midfield. On 3rd-and-5 from the 50-yard line, Orlovsky connected with wide receiver Matt Cutaia for six yards and the first down. After a seven-yard run by running back Chris Bellamy and a fifteen-yard penalty on the Rockets moved the ball to the Toledo 22-yard line, UConn found themselves unable to advance further. A 37-yard field goal by Matt Nuzie gave the Huskies three more points; their lead was now 27–7 over the Rockets with less than two minutes left in the half.
Toledo started their next drive from their own 20-yard line, but went three-and-out after two incomplete passes by Gradkowski and a five-yard run by Dawson, well-short of the required ten yards. After the punt UConn took over on their own 40-yard line with just over a minute left in the half. Orlovsky completed a pass to Keron Henry for eight yards on first down; after an incompletion, Brockington ran up the middle for four yards and the first down, moving the ball into Toledo territory. On the next play, Orlovsky completed a long 41-yard pass to Matt Cutaia to the Toledo seven-yard line. Orlovsky threw incomplete on the next play; as time was running out, Connecticut elected to kick the field goal rather than risk not scoring any points. Matt Nuzie's 25-yard attempt was good as the halftime clock expired. With one half complete, the Huskies now held a 30–7 lead in a game that was rapidly becoming a blowout.
Third quarter.
Toledo took possession of the ball at the 35-yard line as the third quarter began. New quarterback Marques Council, who replaced the injured Bruce Gradkowski at halftime, led the Rockets down the field, running for 13 yards and a first down and then completing a 29-yard pass to Lance Moore for another first down. Toledo had a 1st-and-goal at the Connecticut 6, but after two rushing plays were stopped for a loss, and an incomplete pass, the Rockets were forced to settle for a 27-yard field goal. The UConn lead was cut to 30–10 just three minutes into the third quarter.
Connecticut went three-and-out on the ensuing possession, punting the ball back to Toledo. Marques Council continued to give the Rockets new life, leading them to three first downs as they moved down the field into Connecticut territory. On 2nd-and-8 from the UConn 22, Council made his first mistake, throwing a pass over the middle that was intercepted by linebacker Alfred Fincher. The Huskies took advantage of the turnover to advance down the field on a mix of running plays by Cornell Brockington, Chris Bellamy, and Deon Anderson, and passes from Orlovsky to Keron Henry and Dan Murray. The drive advanced as far as the Toledo 20-yard line, where Connecticut was stopped. Matt Nuzie was called on once again for the field goal; he successfully kicked the 36-yarder, giving him a Motor City Bowl-record four made field goals. The UConn lead was back to 23 points with less than two minutes left in the third quarter. Toledo started their next drive on their own 20-yard line but went three-and-out; their punt, downed by Connecticut at their own 42-yard line, was the final play of the quarter. At the end of three quarters, the Huskies held a 33–10 lead over the Rockets.
Fourth quarter.
On the first play of the fourth quarter, Dan Orlovsky completed a 44-yard pass to Keron Henry, moving the Huskies to the Toledo 14-yard line. A loss of two on a run by Chris Bellamy and two incomplete passes halted the UConn drive; Matt Nuzie was called on to attempt his fifth field goal of the game. This time, however, Nuzie missed the kick, a 34-yard attempt, keeping the score 33–10 and giving possession back to the Rockets.
Taking over on their own 16-yard line, Toledo promptly earned two first downs on passes from Council to Lance Moore for 16 yards and to Chris Holmes for 11, moving the Rockets to midfield. On 1st-and-10 from the 50-yard line, however, Council threw a pass that was intercepted by UConn's Justin Perkins. The Huskies got to the Toledo 39-yard line on a pass from Orlovsky to Keron Henry, but after two incompletions Orlovsky threw an interception to Toledo's Nigel Morris. The Rockets took over with 11:13 left in the game, and led by Marques Council drove down the field as far as the Connecticut 28-yard line. A sack, incomplete pass, and completion from Council to Trinity Dawson for five yards set up a 4th-and-7 from the UConn 25-yard line. The Rockets elected to go for the first down, but Council was sacked, causing Toledo to turn the ball back over on downs. After a three-and-out and punt by the Huskies, the Rockets got the ball back on their own 34-yard line. Council was sacked again, this time for a loss of 16 yards, and on the next play fumbled. Fortunately for him he recovered his own fumble, but the Rockets were unable to get close to first-down yardage and were forced to punt. With 3:17 left in the game, UConn elected to keep the ball on the ground. On 2nd-and-10 from the Toledo 45-yard line, Chris Bellamy ran left for 32 yards. Three plays later, on 3rd-and-8 from the Rocket 11-yard line, Connecticut running back Matt Lawrence ran by the middle for the final touchdown of the game. The extra point was blocked by Toledo; after one complete pass from Council to Quinton Broussard for eleven yards and a first down, two incomplete passes, and a sack, the game was over. UConn won the game 39–10.
Final statistics.
Dan Orlovsky was named the game's MVP by completing 21 of his 40 passes for 239 yards and 2 touchdowns. Tyler King, playing in his first game since breaking his leg in the Huskies 29–17 win over Pittsburgh on September 30, was awarded the United Auto Workers Lineman of the Game Award.
Aftermath.
In the late summer of 2007, ESPN reported that the Toledo football team, and specifically running back Harvey "Scooter" McDougle and quarterback Bruce Gradkowski, were under federal investigation for a point shaving scandal. The 2004 Motor City Bowl was one of the games in question.

</doc>
<doc id="20673283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673283" title="Kaseni">
Kaseni

Kaseni may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20673296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673296" title="Hoang Anh Gia Lai">
Hoang Anh Gia Lai

Hoang Anh Gia Lai is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20673310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673310" title="Secretary-General of the Council of the European Union">
Secretary-General of the Council of the European Union

The Secretary-General of the Council of the European Union heads the General Secretariat of the Council of the European Union. The current Secretary General is Uwe Corsepius, who entered office on 26 June 2011.
With the creation of the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy in 1999, it was decided the Secretary-General would occupy that post simultaneously. However with the Lisbon Treaty the post of High Representative was merged with the External Relations Commissioners and separated from the Secretary-General of the Council, and at the meeting of the European Council of 19 November 2009 Pierre de Boissieu was appointed as the new secretary-general. On 26 June 2011, Uwe Corsepius took over from Pierre de Boissieu as the new secretary-general. The Council appointed Uwe Corsepius on 22 December 2009 for the period from 26 June 2011 to 30 June 2015.
As of 2010, the Secretary-General's basic pay is equal to that of a top-tier civil servant: €17,697.68 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="20673322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673322" title="Rangsi">
Rangsi

Rangsi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20673339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673339" title="Airways Magazine">
Airways Magazine

Airways, styled 'a Global Review of Commercial Flight', is a magazine published in the United States by Airways International, Inc. since 1994. 
Airways features regular columns and articles to inform those within the air transport industry, no matter in what capacity, and those outside, about developments such as new airliners and airlines, current and historical operators, airports, air travel adventures and experiences, veteran and vintage aspects, and what it is like to work in the industry.
Staff.
The magazine’s founder and editor in chief is John Wegg. 

</doc>
<doc id="20673344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673344" title="Franz von Gaudy">
Franz von Gaudy

Franz Bernhard Heinrich Wilhelm Freiherr von Gaudy (19 April 1800 Frankfurt (Oder) – 5 February 1840 Berlin) was a German poet and novelist.
His family came from Scotland. He got his education first in the Collège Français in Berlin, then in Schulpforta. In 1818 he entered the Prussian army, but applied for his discharge in 1833 in favor of the life of a free writer. In 1833 and 1835 he traveled to Italy.
In his poems, he first imitated Heinrich Heine, later Pierre-Jean de Béranger. After Gustav Schwabs retirement he was the editor of the 1839 "Deutscher Musenalmanach" along with Adelbert von Chamisso.

</doc>
<doc id="20673375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673375" title="Minuscule 2757">
Minuscule 2757

Minuscule 2757 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on 266 parchment leaves (26.5 cm by 18.7 cm). Palaeografically it has been assigned to the 12th century (or 13th).
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels. The text is written in one column per page, in 26-27 lines per page. The titles are written in semi-uncials or uncials, and mostly in red (faded). Zeta formed like the rounded number 3. Title in Mark is written red semi-uncial letters, in rest of the Gospels in red uncial letters. It contains the Ammonian Sections, a references to the Eusebian Canons, synaxarion, and menologion. It used the nomina sacra written in an abbreviated form.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has Mix/Kmix/Kx.
History.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 38) at Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="20673400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673400" title="Viettel F.C.">
Viettel F.C.

Viettel FC (commonly known in Vietnam as "Thể Công") was a Vietnamese football club based in Hanoi. They last played in Vietnam First Division, the second division in Vietnam. The club originally belonged to the Vietnam People's Army before being sold to Viettel Mobile and went through a name change.
Name Origin.
Thể Công (formerly known as Câu lạc bộ Quân đội) is the collective name for numerous sports clubs that were founded within the Vietnam People's Army. With strong tradition of sports in the Army, Thể Công possess a very long and rich history. Among the clubs, the football team is regarded as one of the best in the history of Vietnamese football. The football club also has one of the strongest and most loyal fan-base in the country.
Club Renaming.
In late 2009, Thể Công was sold to Viettel Mobile. The club then changed its name to Viettel FC.
History.
Thể Công was founded on 23 September in 1954. More than a month later, 25 October, the team had its first match on Hang Day Stadium, Hanoi.
In 2004, exactly 50 years after its foundation, the club finished V-League at 11th place (out of 12) and was relegated to the lower division. After that, the club changed its name to Thể Công Viettel F.C. after its new sponsor Viettel Mobile - the Army Electronics and Telecommunication Corporation.
On January 19, 2006, the club finally gained the right to be promoted back to V-League after winning over Tay Ninh 5-3. Immediately thereafter, the official team name was reversed back to Thể Công.
The Cong is the most successful club in Vietnam with five V-League titles and thirteen championship titles of the former League A of North Vietnam. The club has also contributed many great players to the Vietnam National Football Team.
In 2010, Viettel Mobile put the club up for sell and were bought by V-League club Lam Sơn Thanh Hóa. The new owners merged the two clubs. Some of the players moved to the new owners club, while some on the roster protested they would never play for the new owners. The Youth squad will play for the newly formed club Viettel Football Center in the Vietnam Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20673408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673408" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Alabama">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Alabama

There are seven National Natural Landmarks in the U.S. state of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="20673427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673427" title="MS Augustus (1952)">
MS Augustus (1952)

MS "Augustus" was a 27,090 GRT, luxurious ocean liner built in 1950 for Italian Line. She was the sister ship to MS "Giulio Cesare" that was launched in the same year. These two ships were built to the same design, with similar specifications. After the "Augustus" was sold to Hong Kong, she sailed under five names. The ship was later sold to Manila Hotel and renamed MS "Philippines", functioning as a static hotel. As reported by both Maritimematters, and ssmaritime, the MS Philippines, was sold for scrap in September 2011. As of December 2011, she was beached in Alang for scrapping.
Concept and construction.
After the end of World War II, the Italian Line lost many of their fleet including their two super liners, SS "Rex and SS "Conte di Savoia, so they planned to build two 27,000 GRT ocean liners for post war service to replace them. "Giulio Cesare" and "Augustus" were impression of power and beauty with fat and round bows, curved superstructures, modern masts, enormous funnel, and graceful sterns. Her external beauty restrained to the most canvassing standards with pleasingly sculptured bridge wings, an evocative nape at the aft funnel base, and even a trademark ventilator aft of the funnel that earned nicknamed the "robot" for its extraordinary shape. These two ships were one of the Italian post war ships. The ship had twin 12-cylinder Fiat diesel engines, generating 24,000 base horsepower (bhp) that drove her twin screws at a service speed of 21 knots. Both ships were designed to sail on the Italy-South America route, run with three classes. Both ships' interior were designed to have full air conditioning and swimming pools for each of three classes to make the ships looked like a luxurious hotel and to be the symbol of modern technology.
Service history.
Italian Line service.
The "Augustus" was launched on November 9, 1950 at the Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico, San Marco shipyard near Trieste, by Francesca De Gasperi (the wife of the Italian Prime Minister Alcide De Gasperi). On March 4, 1952, she sailed from Genoa to South America on her maiden voyage. She was put in a normal route from Genoa, calling at Naples, Cannes, Barcelona (or Lisbon), Rio de Janeiro, Santos and Montevideo, to Buenos Aires. Following the loss of the SS "Andrea Doria" in 1956, she was put into the North Atlantic service in February 1957 before returning to her usual Genoa-South America route in 1960 after the new SS "Leonardo da Vinci" was in service on the North Atlantic route. She and her sister were converted to two classes, which the cabin class was removed.
Interior and exterior of "Augustus".
The "Augustus" had the following nine passenger decks (arrange from beneath the top of the house): Sun Deck, Lido Deck, Boat Deck, Promenade Deck, Upper Deck, Foyer Deck, A Deck, B Deck, and C Deck. Sun Deck, which started off from the wheelhouse, chartroom, radio room, following along either side of aft, encircling the funnel casing, kennels, and the "robot" ventilator, was first class's facility. Lido Deck started off from a narrow full-wrap around promenade and officers' quarters, culminating aft with a bar, the first class pool, and changing rooms.
Boat Deck started off forward with another narrow promenade, opening into wider expansion beneath a canopy of lifeboats and davits along either side. Inwardly, this level started off with the first class Belvedere Observation Lounge that was equipped with a panorama of windows overlooking the ship's bow.

</doc>
<doc id="20673454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673454" title="Helen Keaney">
Helen Keaney

Helen Keaney (also sometimes credited as Helen Rosenthal) is a host on the Home Shopping Network. She was a member of "3 Blonde Moms" Previously she did national television commercials for various products including Clorox, Tylenol, Gateway, Degree Deodorant, Dr. Scholl's, Starkist, Thermacare and Verizon.
She is notable for her role as "Diane" in the 1987 cult classic film "Plutonium Baby" credited under her given name, Helen Rosenthal.

</doc>
<doc id="20673466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673466" title="Blackamoor (slang)">
Blackamoor (slang)


</doc>
<doc id="20673485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673485" title="Coopey Falls">
Coopey Falls

Coopey Falls is a waterfall on Coopey Creek in the Columbia River Gorge, on the Historic Columbia River Highway in Multnomah County, Oregon. The falls is a horsetail waterfall with a drop of .
The falls was named after Charles Coopey, who once owned the land adjacent to the falls. Simon Benson bought Wahkeena Falls from Coopey, an English tailor who had wanted to use the water from Wahkeena Falls to power a woolen mill for spinning and weaving, and for wool scouring.
Coopey Falls is on private property behind a convent owned by the Franciscan Sisters of the Eucharist. The sisters invite visitors to view the falls by following a path leading from the parking lot in front of the convent, after first asking permission.
A view of the falls is also accessible from the Angels's Rest trailhead half mile west of the convent. The falls are located one mile (1.6 km) east of Bridal Veil Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="20673489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673489" title="National Construction Equipment Museum">
National Construction Equipment Museum

The National Construction Equipment Museum is a non-profit organization located in Bowling Green, Ohio that is dedicated to preserving the history of construction, dredging and surface mining industries and equipment. The museum is operated by the "Historical Construction Equipment Association" and features many different types of construction equipment, including cranes, shovels, rollers, scrapers, bulldozers, dump trucks, concrete mixers, drills and other heavy equipment. 

</doc>
<doc id="20673494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673494" title="Stephen Mather Wilderness">
Stephen Mather Wilderness

The Stephen Mather Wilderness is a wilderness area honoring Stephen Mather, the first director of the National Park Service. It is located within North Cascades National Park, Lake Chelan National Recreation Area, and Ross Lake National Recreation Area in the North Cascade Range of Washington, United States.
It is bordered by the Pasayten Wilderness to the northeast, the Mount Baker Wilderness to the northwest, the Noisy-Diobsud Wilderness to the west, the Glacier Peak Wilderness to the southwest, and the Lake Chelan-Sawtooth Wilderness to the southeast.
The North Cascades National Park "Complex" consists of three units which make up Stephan Mather Wilderness: North Cascades National Park, which boasts acres of designated wilderness; Ross Lake National Recreation Area, a slim piece of land just east of the park that has acres of designated wilderness; and Lake Chelan National Recreation Area, at the southeast corner of the park, with of designated wilderness.
Wildlife.
The Stephen Mather Wilderness provides a protected area for a wide variety of wildlife, including elk, mule deer, gray wolf, mountain goat, moose, and bighorn sheep. Species of wolverine, bat, duck, hawk, owl, frog, loon, chipmunk, coyote, squirrel, bear, falcon, eagle are also fairly common.
There are approximately twenty-eight species and subspecies of fish found in the wilderness, including the threatened bull trout and anadromous runs of coastal cutthroat trout, Dolly Varden, steelhead trout, and five species of salmon found in the Skagit, Nooksack, and Chilliwack drainages.
Threatened or endangered wildlife species in the area include bull trout and northern spotted owl.
Recreation.
Common recreational activities in the Stephen Mather Wilderness include backpacking, camping, wildlife watching, climbing, and hunting. There are some of trails in the wilderness, include the Pacific Crest Trail, which crosses the southeastern corner of the park for about . Much of the area can only be reached by multiday hikes, often combined with mountaineering, through remote, trailless territory.

</doc>
<doc id="20673554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673554" title="Lviv Stadium">
Lviv Stadium

Lviv Stadium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20673577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673577" title="Mary, Mary (song)">
Mary, Mary (song)

"Mary, Mary" is a song written by Michael Nesmith. It was first recorded by The Butterfield Blues Band for their 1966 album, "East-West". The Monkees, featuring Nesmith, would later record the song themselves. The rap group, Run–D.M.C., revived the song in the late 1980s with a cover version that hit the R&B and pop charts in the United States.
The Butterfield Blues Band version.
The Paul Butterfield Blues Band was the first group to record and release the song commercially, featured as a track on their 1966 album "East-West". In addition to Butterfield, musicians to play on the track include Mike Bloomfield and Elvin Bishop.
The Monkees version.
On July 25, 1966, Nesmith produced and recorded the song for the The Monkees at Western Recorders in Hollywood, California. Micky Dolenz sang lead, and Mike used the crack group of session musicians known as The Wrecking Crew to beef up their sound, including; James Burton, Glen Campbell, Al Casey, Hal Blaine, Jim Gordon, Michael Deasy and Larry Knechtel. Their version was released on the album "More of the Monkees" in 1967 and became a number five hit in Australia in 1968.
Appearances on "The Monkees".
"Mary, Mary" was featured in five episodes of the television series, "The Monkees", in 1966 and 1967.
Run–D.M.C. version.
Run–D.M.C. covered "Mary, Mary" in a rap rock version, and it was released as a single from their fourth album, "Tougher Than Leather", in 1988. It was released by Profile Records and produced by the group along with Rick Rubin. It was their most successful single from the album, being the only one to make it to the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 75, and peaking at number 29 on the Hot Black Singles chart.
Run-D.M.C. changed the line "Mary, Mary, where ya' goin' to" to "Mary, Mary, why ya' buggin'". Although Run-D.M.C. replaced Michael Nesmith's original lyrics with a new set of lyrics of their own, Nesmith was the only writer credited on Run-D.M.C.'s single. Run-D.M.C.'s version samples Micky Dolenz singing the title from the Monkees' recording.

</doc>
<doc id="20673585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673585" title="William A. Lydon">
William A. Lydon

William A. Lydon (November 9, 1863 – October 28, 1918), with Fred C. Drews, founded the Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company in Chicago in 1890. He died on October 28, 1918 in Chicago, Illinois.
He was Commodore of the Chicago Yacht Club, building in 1909 the 244 ton "Lydonia" and in 1911 contracting again with Pusey and Jones, Wilmington, Delaware for the second, 497 ton yacht "Lydonia II", described as the finest yacht on the Great Lakes, acquired by the Navy 21 August 1917 and commissioned as the USS "Lydonia" (SP-700).

</doc>
<doc id="20673632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673632" title="Vadimezan">
Vadimezan

Vadimezan or ASA404 (originally DMXAA) is a tumor-vascular disrupting agent (tumor-VDA) that attacks the blood supply of a cancerous tumor to cause tumor regression.
Clinical trials.
Non-small cell lung cancer.
Vadimezan has been studied in combination with chemotherapy in at least two Phase II trials for advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and has shown survival extensions of around 5 months when compared to chemotherapy alone (14.0 months compared to 8.8 months).
In April 2008, a Phase III trial started. In March 2010 the phase III trial of use as a first line therapy for NSCLC gave poor results. Initerim results on another phase III trial as second-line therapy for NSCLC are due later in 2010 with the trial due to complete in 2011. In Nov 2010 the 2nd trial also gave poor interim results.
History.
ASA404 was discovered by Bruce Baguley and William Denny and their teams at the Auckland Cancer Society Research Centre at the University of Auckland in New Zealand. It was licensed to Antisoma in 2001. Novartis acquired the worldwide rights for it in 2007 and it is being developed by Antisoma and Novartis.

</doc>
<doc id="20673649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673649" title="Escola v. Coca-Cola Bottling Co.">
Escola v. Coca-Cola Bottling Co.

Escola v. Coca-Cola Bottling Co., 24 Cal.2d 453, 150 P.2d 436 (1944), was a decision of the Supreme Court of California involving an injury caused by an exploding bottle of Coca-Cola. It was an important case in the development of the common law of product liability in the United States, not so much for the actual majority opinion, but for the concurring opinion of California Supreme Court justice Roger Traynor.
Facts and procedural history.
Plaintiff Gladys Escola was a waitress in a restaurant. She was putting away glass bottles of Coca-Cola when one of the bottles spontaneously exploded in her hand. She suffered a deep five-inch cut, which severed the blood vessels, nerves, and muscles of the thumb and palm of the hand.
The top portion of the bottle, with the cap, remained in her hand, and the lower portion fell to the floor but did not break. The broken bottle was not produced at the trial, because the pieces had been thrown away by an employee of the restaurant shortly after the accident. Escola, however, described the broken pieces, and a diagram of the bottle was made showing the location of the "fracture line" where the bottle broke in two. One of Coca-Cola's delivery drivers was called as a witness by plaintiff, and testified that he had seen other bottles of Coca-Cola in the past explode and had found broken bottles in the warehouse when he took the cases out, but that he did not know what made them blow up.
Escola was represented at trial by legendary litigator Melvin Belli, then in the early stage of his career. He later acknowledged in his own autobiography that he did not fully comprehend at the time that Escola's case would become a far-reaching landmark case. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, following the doctrine of "res ipsa loquitur".
Majority opinion.
Chief Justice Phil S. Gibson affirmed the judgment of the lower court. He held that even though the instrument causing the injury was not under the exclusive control of the defendant at the time of the accident, the defendant did have control at the time the alleged negligent act took place (in this case, the filling of the defective bottle).
Upon an examination of the record, the evidence appears sufficient to support a reasonable inference that the bottle here involved was not damaged by any extraneous force after delivery to the restaurant by defendant. It follows, therefore, that the bottle was in some manner defective at the time defendant relinquished control, because sound and properly prepared bottles of carbonated liquids do not ordinarily explode when carefully handled. ["Escola", 24 Cal.2d at 459]
Furthermore, even though the defendant produced evidence to rebut the inference of negligence which arises upon application of the doctrine of "res ipsa loquitur" by discussing its safety testing procedures, Gibson ruled that the question was properly submitted to the jury, and did not modify the jury's verdict.
Concurring opinion.
Justice Roger Traynor concurred in the judgment, but argued that instead of deciding the case on grounds of negligence, a rule of strict liability should be imposed on manufacturers whose products cause injury to consumers. Basing his reasoning heavily on earlier cases (especially "MacPherson v. Buick Motor Co."), Traynor argued that public policy demanded "that responsibility be fixed wherever it will most effectively reduce the hazards to life and health inherent in defective products that reach the market." He felt that manufacturers were better prepared to handle the costs of injury than individual consumers, and noted that California state law already applied a rule of strict liability to makers of foodstuffs which cause illness or injury.
Traynor also felt that the majority's reasoning approached a rule of strict liability, even though the decision was ostensibly based on the doctrine of "res ipsa loquitur":
In leaving it to the jury to decide whether the inference has been dispelled, regardless of the evidence against it, the negligence rule approaches the rule of strict liability. It is needlessly circuitous to make negligence the basis of recovery and impose what is in reality liability without negligence. If public policy demands that a manufacturer of goods be responsible for their quality regardless of negligence there is no reason not to fix that responsibility openly. 24 Cal.2d at 463.
Traynor also wrote that the nature of the modern system of the mass production and distribution of goods made it difficult or impossible for consumers to inspect and verify that the products they were purchasing were safe, or demonstrate that the manufacturer had been negligent, making strict liability a more practical standard.
Legacy.
Today, "Escola" is widely recognized as a landmark case in American law and is mandatory reading for first-year students in nearly all American law schools. The reason is that in 1963, Traynor wrote a majority opinion, "Greenman v. Yuba Power Products", 59 Cal. 2d 57 (1963), in which the Court at last adopted the rule he had suggested 19 years earlier. In "Greenman", Traynor wrote: "We need not recanvass the reasons for imposing strict liability on the manufacturer. They have been fully articulated in the cases cited." Of course, among those cases was his own concurrence in "Escola". Because Traynor incorporated by reference his own discussion in "Escola", the two cases are usually taught and discussed together.

</doc>
<doc id="20673650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673650" title="Oru Veedu Iru Vasal">
Oru Veedu Iru Vasal

Oru Veedu Iru Vasal is a 1990 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Yamini, Kumaresh and Ganesh. Contrived and manipulating, yet tugging at your heart. This is actually two movies put together. Their connection is contrived and hence the climax is a let-down. But individually, they are wonderful pieces. Violin virtuoso-brothers Ganesh and Kumaresh have been used brilliantly and have delivered excellent performances for their debut. The movie was based on the novel by Anuradha Ramanan. The film won the National Film Award for Best Film on Other Social Issues at the 38th National Film Awards.
Plot.
The movie contains two distinct story lines, each story lines revolves around Ganesh and Kumaresh. This movie depicts difficulties women face(d) in a predominantly male dominated society. How these women when pushed to edge fight their ostracized husbands and set a tone and lead a meaningful life.

</doc>
<doc id="20673687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673687" title="Temes">
Temes

Temes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20673693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673693" title="Tianjin Ronggang">
Tianjin Ronggang

The Tianjin Ronggang Golden Lions (天津荣钢金狮) are a professional basketball team in the North Division of the Chinese Basketball Association, based in Tianjin.

</doc>
<doc id="20673711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673711" title="Nagisa Abe">
Nagisa Abe


</doc>
<doc id="20673718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673718" title="Zhejiang Lions">
Zhejiang Lions

The Zhejiang Guangsha Lions () are a professional basketball team in the North Division of the Chinese Basketball Association, based in Hangzhou, Zhejiang.

</doc>
<doc id="20673731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673731" title="Worth County Middle School">
Worth County Middle School

Worth County Middle School is a public middle school located in Sylvester, Georgia, USA. The school has 105 staff/faculty members and more than 900 students in grades 6 to 8. Construction of the school began in 1990.
Principal is Paul Zimmer. When Mr. Zimmer took over as principal, WCMS was an NI-7 school, but has now made AYP for 3 consecutive years. Assistant principals are Cora Brettel, Pam Quimbley, and Steven Rouse. The department heads are Jim McMickin for mathematics, Lisa Underwood for language arts, Jennifer Easom for science, Amy Bozeman for social studies, and Katherine Labonte for connections.
Worth County Middle School has the nickname Rams just like Worth County High School. Trey Haynes, Jared Sherrard, and Will Knight coach football, and Haynes also coaches boys basketball. Jimmy Hughes and Kelly McDougald coach baseball. Mitch Mitchell and Diane Dykes coach girls softball, and Tim Hathcock coaches girls basketball. Mitchell also coaches boys and girls soccer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20673749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673749" title="Mobile-Tensaw River Delta">
Mobile-Tensaw River Delta

The Mobile-Tensaw River Delta is the largest river delta and wetland in Alabama. It encompasses approximately in a area and is the second largest delta in the United States.
The delta's northernmost point is the confluence of the Tombigbee and Alabama rivers and follows a southerly direction that ultimately opens into the head of Mobile Bay through the Mobile, Tensaw, Apalachee, Middle, Blakeley, and Spanish rivers near the Battleship Parkway. It is contained within sections of Baldwin, Clarke, Mobile, Monroe, and Washington counties.
Environment and Ecology.
The delta is ecologically important and includes a wide variety of habitats, including Mesic flood plains, cypress-gum swamps, tidal brackish water marshes, bottomland forests and submersed grassbeds. It is home to some of the most diverse wildlife in Alabama including 126 species of fish, 46 mammals, 69 reptiles, 30 amphibians and at least 300 species of bird, including more than 110 which nest in the region.
Natural history.
The delta lies in a river valley which began forming several million years ago. Many separate inland streams joined as they flowed southward across land which was once covered by the Gulf of Mexico. By the end of the last major ice age (approximately 18,000 years ago), when the sea level was much lower and Alabama's coastline was about south of its present location, the waterways of the delta valley extended much farther than their current-day southern termination at the head of Mobile Bay. As the ice age ended and global temperatures increased, sea levels began to rise again to their present-day level.
History.
Humans inhabited the delta region at least as far back as 5,000 years ago. During the Mississippian period, people of the Pensacola culture built earthen mounds along Bottle Creek and the Tensaw River. During the late prehistoric period, other peoples moved into the area, including the Taensas(Tensaw), the Creek, and the Choctaw. In the 16th century, the area was visited by Spanish forces. French explorers arrived in the last years of the 17th century, eventually settling colonial Mobile in 1702 at Twenty-seven Mile Bluff on the Mobile River. During the Creek War, Red Stick Creeks attacked Fort Mims near the confluence of the Alabama and Tombigbee rivers in August 1813, where they killed most of the mixed-blood Tensaw and Lower Town Creeks, intermarried whites, slaves, and nearly 275 militia.
The last important battle of the American Civil War took place at the fortified town of Blakeley, located on the edge of the delta.
In the mid-1920s, the Causeway was built across the lowest part of the delta, connecting the western and eastern shores of Mobile Bay. Later, I-65, I-10 and a railway line were constructed to span different parts of the area.
The delta was designated a National Natural Landmark in May 1974.
Recreation.
Boating and fishing are popular in the Mobile Delta. Boat ramps and water access points are abundant throughout the area. The Bartram Canoe Trail provides a system of waterways by which boaters may explore the delta. The area is known for its excellent bird watching. Hunting is also a common pastime.
Delta Safaris at 5 Rivers and Delta Guides and Outfitters are the two primary companies who offer both eco and hunting/fishing excursions in and around the delta.

</doc>
<doc id="20673751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673751" title="Turiec River">
Turiec River

Turiec River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20673795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673795" title="Nazareth Canvass and Garment Factory">
Nazareth Canvass and Garment Factory

Nazareth Canvas and Garment Factory is one of the organizations of the Ethiopian Defense Industry. It produces and supplies military uniforms, canvas, leather and strap products to the Ethiopian National Defense Force.
History.
The factory was established in 1988 to produce various canvas and leather quartermaster items. In 1990, a weaving unit was established to produce inputs for the canvas sewing unit. In 1991, a tailoring unit was set up to supply different types of military clothings.
In the late 1990s, the then administrative agency of the Defense organizations restructured the company to enter the civilian market. The factory was upgraded with new equipment to increase its production capacity and make it competitive.
Structure.
The factory is structured in four production units: 

</doc>
<doc id="20673824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673824" title="The Great Romance">
The Great Romance

The Great Romance is a science fiction and Utopian novel, first published in New Zealand in 1881. It had a significant influence on Edward Bellamy's "Looking Backward", the most popular Utopian novel of the late nineteenth century.
The book.
"The Great Romance" is a short novel, originally published in two parts. The texts appeared anonymously: authorship was attributed to The Inhabitant, "a pseudonym common at the time for guidebooks in the United Kingdom and the United States..." The work is one aspect of the major wave of Utopian (and dystopian) literature that characterized the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. In the English-speaking world, that literature is best known in its American and British expressions; but "The Great Romance" illustrates how that wave of utopian fiction reached into the remoter regions of the Anglophone domain. An 1882 article in the Christchurch newspaper "The Star" identifies the author as "Mr Henry Honor, a gentleman resident in Ashburton". A review of both parts of the book appeared in the Dunedin "Otago Daily Times" in 1882.
Literary connections.
In "The Great Romance", the protagonist endures a long sleep and awakes in the future. He meets and falls in love with a young woman named Edith, a descendant of an important figure in his earlier life, who then serves as a guide for the protagonist in the new world he confronts. These elements unite "The Great Romance" with Bellamy's famous book. A third novel of the period, John Macnie's "The Diothas", may have served as a conduit for the common features shared by the Inhabitant's and Bellamy's fictions; all three share these commonalities, and Macnie's book has a New Zealand connection that Bellamy's lacks. Yet it is also possible that Bellamy drew upon "The Great Romance" directly rather than through any intermediary work: editor Dominic Alessio has argued that Bellamy's later short story "To Whom This May Come" shows a "pervasive" influence of the Inhabitant's work on the shared theme of telepathic communication.
Synopsis.
The book's opening scene portrays the protagonist, John Hope, awakening from a sleep of 193 years. Hope had been a prominent mid-twentieth-century scientist, who had developed new power sources that enabled air travel and, eventually, space exploration. In the year 1950, Hope had taken a "sleeping draught" that put him into a long suspended animation, as part of a planned experiment. When he wakes in the year 2143, he is met by Alfred and Edith Weir, descendants of John Malcolm Weir, the chemist who had prepared the sleeping draft Hope had taken in 1950.
Hope is shocked to find that the Weirs and their contemporaries have telepathic abilities. The development of telepathy as a general human talent has led to a vastly improved society. People can no longer conceal malevolent motives and plans, a fact that has inaugurated a new moral order. Those who have been unable or unwilling to adapt to this new social and ethical climate have left civilized society for more primitive lands, where the telepathic power is not dominant.
Hope joins with Alfred Weir and another scientist, Charles Moxton, in a plan to fly a specially-equipped craft to the planet Venus. Moxton has developed his paranormal abilities to include telekinesis. The later chapters of the book describe their flight to Venus, and what they find on that planet.
"The Great Romance" makes a special effort to attempt a realistic forecast of what space travel would be like, in terms of the absence of breathable atmosphere and gravity in space, and comparable factors. In these aspects, the book reflects the likely influence of Percy Greg's 1880 novel "Across the Zodiac".
New editions.
The original edition of "The Great Romance" is one of the rarest books extant, with single copies of Parts 1 and 2 existing in New Zealand libraries. After a century of neglect, the book has been reprinted by editor Dominic Alessio, first in "Science Fiction Studies" in 1993 (Part 1) and then in a separate volume in 2008 (Parts 1 and 2). (A third part of the story is thought to have existed, but no copy has yet been found.)
The book's rediscovery is one product of the widespread re-evaluation of early science fiction that has brought new editions of rare works like Jules Verne's "Paris in the Twentieth Century" and "The Golden Volcano".

</doc>
<doc id="20673839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673839" title="Leader of the Opposition (South Australia)">
Leader of the Opposition (South Australia)

The Leader of the Opposition in South Australia is the leader of the largest minority political party or coalition of parties, known as the Opposition, in the House of Assembly of the Parliament of South Australia. By convention, he or she is generally a member of the House of Assembly. He or she acts as the public face of the opposition, and act as a chief critic of the government and ultimately attempt to portray the opposition as a feasible alternate government. They are also given certain additional rights under parliamentary standing orders, such as extended time limits for speeches. Should the opposition win an election, the Leader of the Opposition will be nominated to become the Premier of South Australia.
Prior to the 1890s when there was no formal party system in South Australia, MPs tended to have historical liberal or conservative beliefs. The liberals dominated government from 1893 to 1905 with Labor support, with the conservatives mostly in opposition. Labor took government with the support of eight dissident liberals in 1905 when Labor gained more seats than the liberals. The rise of Labor would see non-Labor politics start to merge into various party incarnations. The conservatives merged with the Liberal and Democratic Union (formed in 1906) to become the Liberal Union in 1910. Labor formed South Australia's first majority government after winning the 1910 state election, two weeks after federal Labor formed Australia's first majority government after winning the 1910 federal election. No "Country" or rural conservative parties emerged as serious long-term forces in South Australian state politics, often folding into the non-Labor 
Since the resignation of Isobel Redmond in February 2013, the position is held by Steven Marshall, member for Dunstan.
List of Leaders of the Opposition in South Australia.
The following is a list of Leaders of the Opposition in South Australia, from 1884 to present. According to the official parliament record, prior to the year 1884 "no definite evidence of the official holder of the office could be found".

</doc>
<doc id="20673846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673846" title="CHRP (human resources)">
CHRP (human resources)

Certified Human Resources Professional or CHRP, is a designation achieved by Human Resources professionals in Canada. Steps to certification include an academic program focused on courses such as Recruitment, Industrial Relations, Organizational Behaviour, as well as many others and two nationally held exams. The first, the NKE, or "National Knowledge Exam" is usually written upon successful completion of the academic requirements while the second exam, which consists of situational questions, is usually completed after several years of work experience.
Established in 1994, the Canadian Council of Human Resources Associations (CCHRA) is a collaborative effort of human resources associations from across Canada, which represent more than 41,000 professionals, 21,000 of whom hold the "Certified Human Resources Professional" (CHRP) designation.
The CCHRA is the national voice on the enhancement and promotion of the profession across Canada, through established and credible designations, collaborating on national issues related to the profession, leading federal government relations, and proactively positioning the national human resources agenda at the international level.
Certification requirements include writing the National Knowledge Exam. Some jurisdictions require that a National Professional Practice Assessment is written, after completing a recommended two to three years of work experience. Exam writers must also satisfy any requirements of their provincial HR association. As of January 1, 2011 all provincial associations will require an undergraduate degree prior to exam registration. Designation holders must re-certify every three years in order to keep the designation valid.
The following exam prep resources are available for individuals looking to obtain their CHRP designation by writing the NKE and NPPA exams:

</doc>
<doc id="20673866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673866" title="372nd Engineer Brigade (United States)">
372nd Engineer Brigade (United States)

The 372nd Engineer Brigade is a combat engineer brigade of the United States Army based in Fort Snelling, Minnesota. Recently converted from the 372nd Engineer Group which traces its lineage back to World War II, the brigade was activated on 16 September 2008. It is a United States Army Reserve formation and is subordinate to the 416th Theater Engineer Command out of Darien, Illinois.
Organization.
The brigade is a subordinate unit of the 416th Theater Engineer Command (Darien, Illinois). The brigade contains five subordinate battalions: 
Lineage.
Constituted 5 September 1928 in the Organized Reserves as Headquarters and Headquarters and Service Company, 337th Engineer Regiment
Organized by July 1931 at Huntington, West Virginia
Ordered into active military service 20 July 1942 at Camp Swift, Texas
Redesignated 1 August 1942 as Headquarters and Headquarters and Service Company, 337th Engineer General Service Regiment 
Disbanded 16 September 1944 in Italy
Reconstituted 19 November 1946 in the Organized Reserves as Headquarters and Headquarters and Service Company, 337th Engineer General Service Regiment
Activated 2 December 1946 at Baltimore, Maryland
(Organized Reserves redesignated 25 March 1948 as the Organized Reserve Corps; redesignated 9 July 1952 as the Army Reserve) 
Inactivated 9 February 1949 at Baltimore, Maryland
Redesignated 8 June 1949 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 372d Engineer Construction Group
Activated 25 July 1949 at Des Moines, Iowa
Reorganized and redesignated 1 February 1954 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 372d Engineer Group
Inactivated 28 May 1959 at Des Moines, Iowa
Activated 15 March 1963 at Des Moines, Iowa
Ordered into active military service 7 December 2003 at Des Moines, Iowa; released from active military service 3 June 2005 and reverted to reserve status
Location changed 17 April 2007 to Fort Snelling, Minnesota
Reorganized and redesignated 16 September 2008 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 372d Engineer Brigade 
Honors.
Unit Decorations.
None

</doc>
<doc id="20673897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673897" title="Echinosphaerites">
Echinosphaerites

Echinosphaerites is a genus of rhombiferan echinoderm (a cystoid) that lived in the Early and Middle Ordovician of North America and Europe (Bockelie, 1981).

</doc>
<doc id="20673944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20673944" title="Anselm Turmeda">
Anselm Turmeda

Anselm Turmeda () or Abd-Allah at-Tarjuman ()
(1355–1423) was a Muslim Majorcan writer who was born in Palma. Early in his life he became a Franciscan friar, but converted later to Islam from Christianity and lived in Tunis. He is one of few writers who have written in Arabic and a European language, Catalan, being proficient in both languages. He became a vizier in Tunis, where he died in 1423.
His works.
Turmeda dates it to April 1398, eleven years after his settlement in Tunis. It consists of 428 poems arranged in three rhyming stanzas followed by a rhyme-free one. Its preface says it was "composed in Tunis by monk Anselm Turmeda, also called Abdalà". The work was very popular in Catalonia, being called "franselm" (from "fra friar Anselm"). 
Written in 1417 in Catalan, no part survived in its original language. Current Catalan editions are available based on a medieval French translation. The Inquisition put it on the Index of prohibited books in 1583, contributing to its disappearance. Both for political and religious reasons, it did not square with the orthodoxy of Catholic Spain in the 16th century. It presents a dispute among a donkey and a friar, arguing about the supremacy of men over animals, each one defending their genre. Finally, men win because Christ was incarnated in a man. The work is, however, very critical towards mankind, in all the aspects: religious, moral, political, etc.
This book wants to instruct in an amusing way.
The best known of his Arabic books, it is a polemical work criticizing the Bible and affirming the prophethood of Muhammad. It had three editions in Arabic, three in Turkish, and one in Persian in a century (1873 to 1971). (Epalza)

</doc>
<doc id="20674004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674004" title="Krzysztof Ratajski">
Krzysztof Ratajski

Krzysztof Ratajski (born 1 January 1977) is a Polish darts player who plays in British Darts Organisation events.
Career.
Ratajski's first major run came in the 2007 Czech Open where he reached the semi finals. He gained notable wins over Joey ten Berge and local player Marek Polak, eventually losing to Patrick Loos who won the tournament. He then went on to win the 2008 Denmark Open, a tournament previously won by the likes of John Lowe, Eric Bristow, Phil Taylor and Raymond van Barneveld. He defeated Hungary's Nándor Bezzeg, Finland's Marko Kantele and Belgian Geert De Vos en route to the final where he beat Fabian Roosenbrand.
On 4 December 2008 Ratajski qualified for the 2009 BDO World Darts Championship, earning one of five spots available. He earned notable wins over former qualifier Ian Jones and Mike Veitch before beating Robbie Green to qualify, becoming the first Polish player to qualify for either world championship. The next day, Ratajski took part in the 2008 Winmau World Masters, but lost in the very first round to Denmark's Stig Jorgensen. Ratajski then lost in the first round of the 2009 World Championship to Edwin Max.
Ratajski represented Poland in the inaugural PDC World Cup of darts in partnership with Krzysztof Kciuk. They lost 2–6 in the first round to New Zealand, who were represented by Phillip Hazel and Warren Parry. He did not feature in the tournament again until 2013, once more with Kciuk, and they progressed to the last 16 by finishing second in Group E thanks to beating Gibraltar 5–2. They played the host nation Germany, who were represented by Jyhan Artut and Andree Welge, and were defeated 2–5.

</doc>
<doc id="20674018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674018" title="1937–38 New York Rangers season">
1937–38 New York Rangers season

The 1937–38 New York Rangers season was the twelfth season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). New York finished second in the American Division in regular season with a record of 27–15–6, and qualified for the playoffs. In the league semi-finals, the Rangers lost to the New York Americans 2–1 in a best of three games series.
Offseason.
The team played an exhibition game against the New York Americans in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan 30 October to open the new Saskatoon Arena.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20674059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674059" title="Manitoba House">
Manitoba House

Manitoba House is the name of a Hudson's Bay Company fur trading post as well as a separate settlement adjacent to the post. The site is in the present-day Rural Municipality of Alonsa.
Trading post.
The Manitoba House Trading Post was established in 1797 on the west shore of Lake Manitoba, about fifteen miles north of the Narrows. Its original name was "Doubtful Post", likely because of a lack of confidence in the survival of the post at the time of its establishment. Treaty 2 was signed on August 21, 1871, at Manitoba House. A number of notable individuals served at Manitoba House, including Isaac Cowie, as fur trader, and Archibald McDonald, as clerk.
Settlement.
The Metis settlement adjacent to the trading post was referred to as simply the Manitoba House Settlement until 1889 when the name Kinosota was suggested by John Norquay for the local post office. The settlement consists of a number of long narrow lots strung out along the shore of Lake Manitoba. St. Bede's Anglican parish, located in Kinosota, was formed in 1842 by Reverend Abraham Cowley, and is one of the oldest Anglican parishes in Manitoba. The church building was constructed around the turn of the century, and was moved to higher ground in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20674064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674064" title="Meadow River Wildlife Management Area">
Meadow River Wildlife Management Area

Meadow River Wildlife Management Area, is located near Rupert, West Virginia in Greenbrier County. Occupying of river bottomland, the WMA is located along the Meadow River and consists mainly of wetlands habitat.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities include deer, grouse, raccoon, squirrel, turkey, waterfowl, and woodcock.
Fishing is available in the Meadow River.
Camping is not available in the WMA. Camping is available in nearby Babcock State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20674098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674098" title="Joseph Wheeler Plantation">
Joseph Wheeler Plantation

The Joseph Wheeler Plantation, commonly known as Pond Spring or the General Joe Wheeler Home, is a historic plantation complex and historic district in the Tennessee River Valley in Wheeler, Alabama. The property contains twelve historically significant structures dating from 1818 to the 1880s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 13, 1977, due to its association with Joseph Wheeler.
History.
The plantation at Pond Spring was first established by the John P. Hickman family in 1818. They were among the earliest settlers of Lawrence County. By 1820 Hickman's family had grown to 11 members and he owned 56 slaves. Benjamin Sherrod, a planter from Halifax County, North Carolina with more than 300 slaves, bought Pond Spring and its from Hickman in 1827. In the 1830s his son, Felix Sherrod, greatly expanded the larger of the two log dogtrot cabins on the property into what today is known as the Sherrod House. It is a vernacular interpretation of the Federal style. The smaller dogtrot came to be used as housing for slaves.
Upon Felix's death the plantation was inherited by his son, also named Benjamin. Benjamin Sherrod married Daniella Jones from the nearby Caledonia plantation in 1859, but he died prematurely in 1861. Daniella Sherrod met Joseph Wheeler, a general in the Confederate States Army from Augusta, Georgia, during his visit to the area in 1863. They married following the American Civil War and lived in New Orleans for the next four years. They returned to Lawrence County in the early 1870s and built a new home, adjacent to the older Sherrod House.
Beginning in 1880, Wheeler served multiple terms as a United States Representative from Alabama until he retired from politics in 1900. In 1898, Wheeler volunteered for the Spanish-American War and received an appointment to major general of volunteers by President William McKinley. He assumed command of the cavalry division, which included Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders. Wheeler next served in the Philippine-American War in 1899. He commanded the First Brigade in Arthur MacArthur's Second Division during the Philippine-American War until January 1900. During this period, Wheeler was mustered out of the volunteer service and commissioned a brigadier general in the regular army, both on June 16, 1900. He retired on September 10, 1900 and moved to New York City, where he died in 1906. 
His daughter, Annie, lived on the plantation until her death in 1955. It remained in the Wheeler family until 1993, when it was donated by them to the state of Alabama and the Alabama Historical Commission.
Visiting.
The property is managed by the Alabama Historical Commission. AHC has completed restoring the Wheeler House, which is now open to the public.
Pond Spring is open Wednesday - Saturday, 9am - 4pm and Sunday, 1pm - 5pm; closed Monday, Tuesday, and State holidays. The site staff gives guided tours of the Wheeler House; grounds, gardens, cemeteries, and historic out-buildings are self-guided.

</doc>
<doc id="20674121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674121" title="2009 V-League">
2009 V-League

V-League 2009 was the 26th season of Vietnam's professional football league. The league was held from February 7, 2009 to August 23, 2009.
The league winners qualify for the AFC Champions League qualifying round in 2010. The cup winners enter the AFC Cup.
The bottom two sides at the end of the season get relegated. The side that finishes 3rd from bottom enters an end of season play-off match against the 2nd Division's 3rd placed side.

</doc>
<doc id="20674135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674135" title="Paisley Wu">
Paisley Wu

Paisley Wu (胡蓓蔚) (born 12 November 1971) is a Chinese singer and popular TV personality. She was first discovered by Tats Lau of the legendary Tat Ming Pair, and has released 3 albums and 1 EP since the start of her career in the mid-90s. In recent years, she has focused her attention mainly on TV work, becoming a regular TV host on music programmes for TVB.
Biography.
Wu's formative years were spent in Shanghai, where she received musical training in Italian opera. She later moved to San Francisco where she was exposed to R&B and Jazz stylings, and studied under jazz singer Faith Winthrop. Her first release in 1994 was a jazz album, sung in her native Mandarin and produced by Tats Lau. In 1996, she signed with Musician Ltd, a short-lived sublabel of Polygram Hong Kong, and in the following years released music noted for an alternative flare. Her second album (就係...) was released to mixed reception in 1997. She was unfavourably dubbed as a Faye Wong wannabe, though she has personally acknowledged the latter's influence in later years. She went on hiatus in the years following the release of that album, and has since shifted her attention mainly on being a TV personality.
Wu managed to release one easy-listening Mandarin album with little success in 2002, before becoming a regular TV host for music programmes on TVB. In late 2007, she made a brief return to the Hong Kong music with the EP "Don't Think Just Do," which featured a number one single, "Letting Go."
Throughout her career, Wu has collaborated and recorded with Tats Lau, Jan Lamb, and Anthony Wong Yiu Ming in the mid-90s, as well as Lazy Mutha Fucka and Edison Chen in 2004.
In 2008, she married Pal Sinn, former member of 80s Hong Kong rock band Blue Jeans and a frequent songwriter on her albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20674138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674138" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 555">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 555

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 555 of the United States Reports:

</doc>
<doc id="20674172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674172" title="La Romana Women">
La Romana Women

La Romana is the top female volleyball team of La Romana.
History.
The team was found in 2007.
Current volleyball squad.
"As of December 2008"
Coach: Mamerto Fernández
Assistant coach: Aramis Arredondo
Palmares.
National competition.
National league
2007 - 2nd Place

</doc>
<doc id="20674179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674179" title="All I Need (Sterling Simms song)">
All I Need (Sterling Simms song)

"All I Need" is a song by American R&B singer Sterling Simms from his debut studio album, "Yours, Mine & The Truth". The single features Jadakiss and The-Dream. The song was produced by Tricky Stewart.
Music video.
Simms expressed that he wanted to have the video shot in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania or in Los Angeles, California to give himself a different look. "Hopefully we'll go in within the next few weeks and shoot the video".
Charts.
The single debuted at number 23 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles (#123 on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs) for the week of November 29, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20674193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674193" title="William So">
William So

William So (; So Wing Hong) is a Hong Kong actor and a cantopop singer. He began his musical career by participating the New Talent Singing Awards in 1985 and won the competition as the first runner up. His performance at that event earned him a record contract with Capital Artists. 1998 was the peak year for William So with his hit song "Kiss More, Sad More", which is also the theme song for the popular TV Series Healing Hands.

</doc>
<doc id="20674248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674248" title="Sternarchogiton labiatus">
Sternarchogiton labiatus

Sternarchogiton labiatus is a species of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae. Its species name "labiatus" comes from the Latin "labium", meaning "lip", referring to a distinctive three-lobed structure on its lower lips. "S. labiatus" is only known from the Rio Tefé, at a depth of 6–14 m, and from the lower Rio Negro, in the Amazon River basin. They have been captured from both whitewater and blackwater habitats.
"S. labiatus" has a laterally compressed, knife-shaped body with a nearly straight dorsal profile and a long anal fin. The head is laterally compressed, with a curved dorsal profile and small eyes that are covered by a thin membrane. The mouth is terminal, with a three-lobed rigid structure consisting of a pair of smooth, hard, bulbous swellings along the lower lip and a medial spur that projects down and forward. The lower jaw is longer than deep, bearing two rows of conical teeth numbering 17 plus 4 replacements each. There are upper and lower pharyngeal tooth plates with 5-6 and 8-9 teeth respectively. There is no sexual dimorphism in the cranium or the three-lobed structure.
The pectoral fins are broad and pointed, with 12-14 rays. The anal fin rays number 156-168. The tail is compressed and moderately long, with a small lanceolate caudal fin containing 15-16 rays. The coloration is dark brown, becoming darker on the back and head. Brown chromatophores are lightly speckled on the pterygiophores (supporting bones) of the anal fin. The pectoral fins are hyaline with dark tips, the anal fin is hyaline with a scattering of light brown chromatophores and a slightly darkened margin, and the caudal fin is very dark brown to black. "S. labiatus" grows to about 21 cm.
The structure on the lower lip of "S. labiatus" has been speculated to function in electroreception for locating prey. Like other apteronotids, these fish generate a continuous weak electric field for the purposes of electrolocation and communication. The electric organ discharge (EOD) of "S. labiatus" has a fundamental frequency of 1160-1587 Hz and two phases; there is no known sexual dimorphism in waveform or frequency. Reproduction is believed to occur after the onset of the rising water period in October.

</doc>
<doc id="20674252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674252" title="Rim Rock Drive">
Rim Rock Drive

Rim Rock Drive is a scenic road in Colorado National Monument. The 23-mile drive follows the upper rim of a series of canyons, extending from the vicinity of Fruita, Colorado in the west to near Grand Junction, Colorado in the east, connecting points only eight miles apart in a straight line. The entire road has been designated a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
The routing of the road was determined in November 1931 by National Park Service Engineer Thomas W. Secrest during a visit to the monument.
The detailed design for the road was developed in 1932 by the National Park Service Branch of Engineering and Branch of Plans and Design for maximum scenic impact, using the National Park Service Rustic style. Most of the road was constructed with almost entirely manual labor by labor from the Works Progress Administration, Public Works Administration and Civilian Conservation Corps, and represents one of the most significant Depression-era public projects. Extensive drilling and blasting was required, and three tunnels were bored. Work was suspended by the Second World War from 1942 to 1948, and was finally completed in 1950. At its height, the project employed more than 800 men.

</doc>
<doc id="20674261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674261" title="Sherwood Forest Railway">
Sherwood Forest Railway

The Sherwood Forest Railway (SFR), sometimes known in advertising as the "Sherwood Forest Steam Railway", is a gauge light railway running alone after the Sherwood Forest Farm Park in Nottinghamshire, England, closed its doors to the public.
The railway acquired its first two steam locomotives in 1998, began construction of permanent way in 1999, and opened to passengers in 2000.
The railway runs along the 'flood dykes' of the early nineteenth-century irrigation system built by the Duke of Portland.
The railway is still operated by its original two steam locomotives, 'Smokey Joe' and 'Pet'. The line has a light electric locomotive named 'Anne' used principally on works trains, and a light track inspection/works railtruck, 'Lottie Lister'.
Also on site is the diesel locomotive, 'Pioneer', built in the 'forties, bought form Brocklands and is currently undergoing restoration and only in use on special events. A further steam locomotive, working name 'Doodlebug', is currently under construction away from the line.
The rolling stock consists of two works trucks and four passenger coaches, one from the Exmoor railway and the other three Ex-longleat coming from various sites. On site are the remains of the last four Ex-longleat railway coaches, being donated from the Lappa Valley railway.
Facilities available alongside the railway include picnic areas, adventure playground, dedicated under fives play area and refreshments.
External links.
Official website here.

</doc>
<doc id="20674312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674312" title="Brett Leonhardt">
Brett Leonhardt

Brett Leonhardt (born September 21, 1982) is a former ice hockey goaltender for the Kitchener Dutchmen of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League (GOJHL), the State University of New York at Oswego of the State University of New York Athletic Conference (SUNYAC), and Neumann College of ECAC West. He's suited up twice to serve as a backup goaltender for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL) on December 12, 2008 and November 29, 2013. He served as Producer of the official Capitals' website from the fall of 2007 until February 2011 when he left for a video editing job with the NHL. He returned to the Capitals in 2012 as their video coach.
Washington Call-ups.
On December 12, 2008, the Capitals were preparing to host the Ottawa Senators. During the morning skate, José Théodore suffered a hip flexor injury, forcing the Capitals to recall Semyon Varlamov from their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Hershey Bears. However, Varlamov was with the Bears in San Antonio, Texas and was unable to make it to Washington in time to start the game as the backup goaltender. As a result, the Capitals were forced to dress three goaltenders, signing Leonhardt, the team's website producer, to an amateur tryout contract before the game to back up Brent Johnson until the arrival of Varlamov. Because of his experience in NCAA Division III ice hockey with the State University of New York at Oswego and Neumann College, as well as the Kitchener Dutchmen of the GOJHL, Leonhardt had previously participated in on-ice practice sessions with the Capitals, filling in when an additional goaltender was needed. Varlamov arrived 9:03 into the first period and replaced Leonhardt as Johnson's backup for the remainder of the game. Had Leonhardt played in the game, he would have tied Ben Bishop as the tallest goalie in NHL history. He did not receive any pay for his contract. These bizarre circumstances were remarkably similar to those the Vancouver Canucks faced on December 9, 2003, when starting goaltender Dan Cloutier suffered a groin injury during the morning skate, forcing the Canucks to sign University of British Columbia goaltender Chris Levesque to an amateur tryout contract.
On November 29, 2013, Capitals starting goalie Michal Neuvirth was injured during warmups before a game against the Montreal Canadiens and scratched from the lineup. Braden Holtby filled in as the starter and, with no time to call anyone up from the minors, Leonhardt served as emergency backup goalie. Leonhardt still performed his duties as video coach during the second intermission wearing full goalie gear.

</doc>
<doc id="20674318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674318" title="Solomon Heydenfeldt">
Solomon Heydenfeldt

Solomon Heydenfeldt (1816–1890) was the first Jewish justice of the Supreme Court of California in the United States. He was elected by direct vote of the people and served from 1852 to 1857.
His opinion in Irwin v. Phillips, established the doctrine of prior appropriation in western water law jurisprudence. He is also noted for arguing as an attorney before the California Supreme Court in Ex Parte Newman, 9 Cal. 502 (1858), where he successfully defended a Jewish man's right to work on Sunday. He refused to take an test oath for lawyers, which led to his retirement from the Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="20674328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674328" title="Yours, Mine &amp; The Truth">
Yours, Mine &amp; The Truth

Yours, Mine & The Truth is the debut studio album by American R&B singer Sterling Simms. The album was formerly known as "Worth Your While", before being renamed. The album was released on December 23, 2008 by Def Jam Records and One Records.
Singles.
The album's first single was "Jump Off" featuring Sean P was released in 2006. The single performed under expectations peaking at number 56 on "Billboard"'s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The announced second single was "Nasty Girl", released in 2007. The single fared worse than the first single peaking at number 17 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles (#117 Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs). As a result the single was scrapped and the album was delayed. This single does not appear on the album. The new single off his album is "All I Need" and features label-mates The-Dream and Jadakiss. The single samples LL Cool J's "I Need Love". The song peaked at #23 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles (#123 Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs).
Though not announced as a single, A music video for "Boom Boom Room" was created. The video starred Sarah Rosete from girl group Electrik Red.
Chart positions.
Due to lack of label-support the album went unnoticed, debuting at #100 on Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, missing the Billboard 200 altogether. But two weeks later, (charting week of January 24) the album rose to #89. As of January 19, current album sales are at 15,372+ sales to date.

</doc>
<doc id="20674329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674329" title="Muttuchira">
Muttuchira

Demographics.
Saint Alphonsa was brought up in Muttuchira. It is a calm and quiet village where all live in religious harmony. The majority population are Syro Malabar Catholics and some Jacobite Christians, but many Hindus also live in Muttuchira harmoniously. 
Muttuchira church is one of the oldest churches in India(a persian cross was escavated and after the carbon dating process, it was noted to be built in Ad 510). The first native bishop of India Alexander de campo (Parambil Chandi) was the member of this parish.Muttuchira got its name from a series of small dams(chira) constructed in earlier times to prevent the entry of salty sea water into the fields.It currently has a hospital(muttuchira holyghost mission hospital), a church(holy ghost church),a temple and schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20674342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674342" title="Kurt Grote">
Kurt Grote

Kurt David Grote (born August 3, 1973) is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist. Grote competed internationally in the breaststroke events during the 1990s.
Grote did not start swimming until the age of fifteen. He began swimming under the advice of a doctor to improve his asthma condition. He attended Stanford University and was on its swim team. He also trained with and competed for the Santa Clara Swim Club. After his swimming career, he married a woman named Amy and completed his MD at Stanford. He has gone on to become a partner in McKinsey & Company's Healthcare Payor and Provider practice.
Grote competed in the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta, USA. He finished sixth in the 100-meter breaststroke, eighth in the 200-meter breaststroke and won gold as part of the 4x100-meter medley relay.

</doc>
<doc id="20674347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674347" title="Naduvannur">
Naduvannur

Naduvannur is a Census Town in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala, India and a part of Kozhikode Urban Agglomeration.
The name Naduvannur denotes that it was the centre of the territory of Kurumbranad.'Nadu' means centre and ur(oor) means place.
Naduvannur is about 28km away from Kozhikode city. Kozhikode-Kuttiyadi SH passes through here. Nearby towns are Koyilandi, Balusseri and Perambra
Education.
Govt: Higher secondary school Naduvannur and Naduvannur higher secondary school Vakayad are the major educational institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20674350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674350" title="Nanmanda">
Nanmanda


</doc>
<doc id="20674352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674352" title="2008 V-League">
2008 V-League

V-League 2008 was the 25th season of Vietnam's professional football league. The league was held from January 6, 2008 to August 24, 2008. Petro Vietnam was the league sponsor for the second season (Since 2007).
Bình Dương F.C. won their second titles in this season.

</doc>
<doc id="20674354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674354" title="Narikkuni">
Narikkuni

Demographics.
Narikkuni is a rural village area located about 22 km from Kozhikode. Narikkuni has a bus stand and is a fast developing rural area. This place is famous for its natural beauty with its beautiful hills and trees. The climate here is always moderate compared to Kozhikode and so this place is home to many who work in the cities. Kunnamangalam, an important transportation centre, is about 6 km away. Narikkuni is home to few small scale industries including ornamental stone works.
Narikkuni is a Village Panjayat in Kozhikkode taluk.

</doc>
<doc id="20674360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674360" title="Belgian Fawn">
Belgian Fawn

The Belgian Fawn goat breed, created in Belgium, is descended from the Chamois Colored goat of Switzerland. As such, it is related to and similar to the Oberhasli goat bred in the United States.
Sources.
Belgian Fawn

</doc>
<doc id="20674362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674362" title="Narippatta">
Narippatta


</doc>
<doc id="20674365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674365" title="Nellipoyil">
Nellipoyil

Nearest Places are Kodencheri, Thiruvambady, Thamarassery, Thusharagiri Falls. It is under Thiruvambady Assembly Constituency.
Educational Institutions.
1. St. John's High School Nellipoyil
2. Vimala UP School
References.
Manjuvayal Church

</doc>
<doc id="20674367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674367" title="Nochad">
Nochad

Location.
It is well connected with Koyilandi, Meppayyur, Ulliyeri and Perambra, the main towns of the region, by road. The Kozhikode to Kannur State Highway passes through Velliyur, which is 2 km from Nochad. By air the nearest airport is Calicut International Airport and the nearest railway station is Koyilandy.
Economy.
People here are mainly engaged in agriculture mainly paddy, banana and tapioca. Coconut farming also is a main source of income. Lots of people from Nochad work abroad and that is an alternate mode of income.
Educational institutions.
Schools

</doc>
<doc id="20674369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674369" title="Joey ten Berge">
Joey ten Berge

Joey ten Berge (born 18 October 1985 in The Hague) is a Dutch darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation tournaments. 
BDO Career.
ten Berge won the 2001 WDF Europe Youth Cup beating Sweden's Markus Korhonen in the final. Six years later, he captured his first professional title by capturing the 2007 Austrian Open, defeating Hungary's Nándor Bezzeg in the final. He followed up by winning the Open Oost Nederland a month later. He fell two games short of qualifying for the 2008 BDO World Darts Championship, losing to American Steve Brown and also fell two rounds short of making the televised stages of the 2007 Winmau World Masters, losing to Paul Gibbs.
ten Berge won the 2008 Swiss Open, beating fellow Dutchman Edwin Max in the semi finals and then beat England's Dave Prins in the final. He then reached the final of the Welsh Classic, losing to Scottish Open champion Garry Thompson.
He reached the televised stages of the 2008 World Masters, where he again beat Max to reach the quarter finals, losing to Norway's Robert Wagner who won six straight legs for a 3–0 win in sets.
ten Berge earned one of the non-seeded places for the 2009 BDO World Darts Championship, meaning he did not need to qualify for the event. He was drawn with 11th seed Martin Atkins in the first round and lost 3–2.
Seeded ninth in the 2010 BDO World Darts Championship, ten Berge exited in the first round following a 3–2 defeat by Brian Woods.
At the 2011 BDO World Darts Championship ten Berge beat qualifier Shaun Griffiths 3–0 in the first round but lost in the second round 4-3 to Martin Phillips.
ten Berge was unseeded for the 2012 BDO World Darts Championship, and was drawn to play third seed and the previous year's runner-up Dean Winstanley in the first round. Winstanley won the match 3-1. After a poor 2012, Joey ended up a lowly 286 in the world rankings and failed to qualify for the 2013 World Championships.
PDC Career.
In January 2014, ten Berge entered PDC Q School. He reached the final round on the first day, losing 4-5 to Benito van de Pas, and eventually acquired a tour card through the order of merit.
Personal life.
In May 2011, ten Berge married his girlfriend of four years, Roxanne Heerings, in The Hague.

</doc>
<doc id="20674370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674370" title="Onchiam">
Onchiam


</doc>
<doc id="20674373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674373" title="Palery">
Palery


</doc>
<doc id="20674375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674375" title="Perumanna">
Perumanna

Demographics.
Perumanna has 18 Wards. There is one High School.
Perumanna literally means "great land".
It stretches between Chaliyar River and Mampuzha River.
Olavanna, Kuttikkattoor and Peruvayal are adjacent villages.
Edakkottupadam is a small paddy field near the Perumanna market. The market place was formerly known as Edakkottupadam Angadi.
Peumanna lies 13 kilometres to the east of the city of Calicut. There are many accesses to Perumanna:
Perumanna is locally administered by Peumanna Grama Panchayath. It is part of Kozhikode revenue district and Kozhikode taluk.
Perumanna has been well known for extensive fertile paddy fields and lush coconut tree groves. Paddy fields have become a thing of the past. They have mostly been filled up with soil excavated from nearby hillocks to erect houses and commercial buildings. Very few farmers cultivate paddy. Non-availability of labourers and escalating labour costs are aggravating the situation. The fast diminishing of paddy fields has already affected the eco-system adversely.

</doc>
<doc id="20674378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674378" title="HarbourVest Partners">
HarbourVest Partners

HarbourVest Partners is a private equity fund of funds and one of the largest private equity investment managers globally. The firm invests in all types of private equity funds, including venture capital and leveraged buyout funds, and also directly in operating companies. HarbourVest manages investments in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Australia and Africa.
Founded in 1982 as Hancock Venture Partners, a subsidiary of John Hancock Insurance, HarbourVest is based in Boston, Massachusetts with offices in London and Hong Kong. HarbourVest has approximately 80 investment professionals globally and manages approximately $18 billion of investor commitments.
Investors in HarbourVest funds include various types of institutional investors such as public and corporate pension funds, endowments, foundations and financial institutions.
In 2001, HarbourVest Partners got inducted to the Private Equity Hall of Fame.
Secondary transactions.
HarbourVest has completed a number of significant secondary market investments in private equity:

</doc>
<doc id="20674380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674380" title="Poolacode">
Poolacode


</doc>
<doc id="20674383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674383" title="Purameri">
Purameri

Geography.
Purameri is located at . It shares borders with Nadapuram to the east, Edacheri to the west, Thuneri to the south and Mayyazhipuzha to the north.
History & Culture.
History of Purameri is known from the period of Ballads of North Malabar. In many ślokas of this ballad, Purameri has been mentioned. In the mediaeval's period, Purameri administered by Naduvazhikal. During British Raj, this place was under Malabar district. The Kadathanadan culture is still alive here. Theyyams and Thiras are held during temple festivals. Major religions are Hinduism and Islams. People from both religions, take part in festivals of either group.

</doc>
<doc id="20674386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674386" title="Culture of Gwynedd during the High Middle Ages">
Culture of Gwynedd during the High Middle Ages

"See also History of Gwynedd during the High Middle Ages"
Culture and Society in Gwynedd during the High Middle Ages is a period in the History of Wales spanning the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300). The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages. Gwynedd is located in the north of Wales.
Distinctive achievements in Gwynedd during this period include further development of Medieval Welsh literature, for instance in the poetry of those of the "Beirdd y Tywysogion" (Welsh for "Poets of the Princes") associated with the court of Gwynedd, the reformation of bardic schools, and the continued development of "Cyfraith Hywel" ("The Law of Hywel", or "Welsh law"); all three of which further contributed to the development of a Welsh national identity in the face of Anglo-Norman and the threat of conquest by the Crown of England.
Gwynedd's traditional territory included Anglesey ("Ynys Môn") and all of north Wales between the River Dyfi in the south and River Dee ("Welsh Dyfrdwy") in the northeast. The Irish Sea ("Môr Iwerddon") lies to the north and west, and lands formerly part of the Powys border the south-east. Gwynedd's strength was due in part to the region's mountainous geography which made it difficult for foreign invaders to campaign in the country and impose their will effectively.
Gwynedd emerged from the Early Middle Ages having suffered from increasing Viking raids and various occupations by rival Welsh princes, causing political and social upheaval. With the historic Aberffraw family displaced, by the mid 11th century Gwynedd was united with the rest of Wales by the conquest of Gruffydd ap Llywelyn, followed by the Norman invasions between 1067 and 1100.
After the restoration of the Aberffraw family in Gwynedd, a series of successful rulers such as Gruffydd ap Cynan and Owain Gwynedd in the late 11th and 12th century, and Llywelyn the Great and his grandson Llywelyn II in the 13th century, led to the emergence of the Principality of Wales, based on Gwynedd.
The emergence of the principality in the 13th century was proof that all the elements necessary for the growth of Welsh statehood were in place, and Wales was independent "de facto", according to historian Dr. John Davies. As part of the Principality of Wales, Gwynedd would retain Welsh laws and customs and home rule until the Edwardian Conquest of Wales of 1282. 
Settlements, architecture, and economy.
When Gruffudd ap Cynan died in 1137 he left a more stable realm than had hitherto existed in Gwynedd for more than 100 years. No foreign army was able to cross the Conwy into upper Gwynedd. The stability in upper Gwynedd provided by Gruffudd ap Cynan and his son Owain Gwynedd, between 1101 and 1170, allowed Gwynedd's Welsh to plan for the future without fear that home and harvest would "go to the flames" from invaders.
Settlements in Gwynedd became more permanent, with buildings of stone replacing timber structures. Stone churches in particular were built across Gwynedd, with so many limewashed that "Gwynedd was bespangled with them as is the firmament with stars". Gruffudd had built stone churches at his princely manors, and Lloyd suggests Gruffudd's example led to the rebuilding of churches with stone in Penmon, Aberdaron, and Towyn in the Norman fashion.
By the 13th century Gwynedd was the cornerstone of the Principality of Wales (that is "Pura Wallia"), which came to encompass three quarters of the surface area of modern Wales; "from Anglesey to Machen, from the outskirts of Chester to the outskirts of Cydweli". By 1271, Prince Llywelyn II could claim a growing population of about 200,000 people, or a little less than three fourths of the total Welsh population.
Population increase was common throughout Europe in the 13th century, but in Wales it was more pronounced. By Llywelyn II's reign as much as 10 per cent of the population were town-dwellers. Additionally, "unfree slaves... had long disappeared" from within "Pura Wallia" due in large part form the social upheavals of the 11th century," argued Davies. The increase in free men allowed the prince to call on and field a far more substantial and professional army.
The increase in the Welsh population in Gwynedd, and in the Principality of Wales as a whole, allowed a greater diversification of the economy. The Meirionnydd tax rolls evidence the thirty-seven various professions present in Meirionnydd directly before the Edwardian Conquest of 1282.
Of these professions, there were eight gold-smiths, four professional bards (poets), 26 shoemakers, a doctor in Cynwyd and an hotel keeper in Maentwrog, and 28 priests, two of whom were university graduates. Also present were a significant number of fishermen, administrators and clerics, professional men and craftsmen.
With the average temperature of Wales a degree or two higher than it is today, more Welsh lands were arable, "a crucial bonus for a country like Wales," wrote historian Dr John Davies.
Of significant importance for the Welsh of Gwynedd and "Pura Wallia" were more developed trade routes, which allowed the introduction of the windmill, the fulling-mill, and the horse collar (the horse collar doubled the efficiency of horse-power).
Gwynedd traded cattle, skins, cheese, timber, horses, wax, dogs, hawks, and fleeces, and also flannel (with the growth of fulling mills). Flannel was second only to cattle among the principality’s exports. In exchange, the principality imported salt, wine, wheat, and other luxuries from London and Paris. But most importantly for the defense of the principality, iron and specialized weaponry were also imported.
Welsh dependence on foreign imports was a tool that England used to wear down Gwynedd and the Principality of Wales during times of conflict between the two countries.
Poetry, literature, and music.
A more stable social and political environment provided by the Aberffraw administration allowed for the natural development of Welsh culture, particularly in literature. Tradition originating from "The History of Gruffudd ap Cynan" attributes Gruffudd I as reforming the orders of bards and musicians. Welsh literature of the High Middle Ages demonstrated "vigor and a sense of commitment" as new ideas reached Wales, even in "the wake of the invaders", according to historian John Davies. Additionally, contacts with continental Europe "sharpened Welsh pride", argues Davies.
In Welsh the poets of this period are known as "Beirdd y Tywysogion" (Poets of the Princes) or "Y Gogynfeirdd" (The Less Early Poets). The main source for the poetry of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries is the Hendregadredd manuscript, an anthology of court poetry brought together at the Cistercian Strata Florida Abbey from about 1282 until 1350.
The bards of this period were schooled professionals and members of a guild of poets, a kind of "Bardic Guild" whose rights and responsibilities were enshrined in native Welsh law. Members of this bardic guild worked within a developed literary culture and with prescribed literary and oral syntax. Bardic families were common—the poet Meilyr Brydydd had a poet son and at least two poet grandsons—but it was also usual for the craft of poetry to be taught formally, in bardic schools which might only be run by the "pencerdd" (chief poet).
According to Welsh law, the prince retained the skills of several bards at court, the chief of which were the "pencerdd" and the "bardd teulu". The "pencerdd", the head bard, was the top of his profession and a special chair was set aside for him in the princely court in an honoured position next to the heir, the "edling". When the pencerdd performed he was expected to sing twice: once in honour of God, and once in honour of the prince. The "bardd teulu" was part of the prince's "teulu", or household guard, and was responsible for singing for the military retinue before going into battle, and also for successful military campaigns. Additionally, the "bardd teulu" held a further responsibility composing for and singing to the princess, often privately at her leisure. A private performance by a bard was a sign of high status and prestige. The "clêr" were poet-musicians, considered the lowest tier of the poetic tradition, and often looked down on as mere "minstrels" by the court poets.
The poetry praises the military prowess of the prince in a language that is deliberately antiquarian and obscure, echoing the earlier praise poetry tradition of Taliesin. There are also some religious poems and poetry in praise of women.
With the death of the last native prince of Wales in 1282 the tradition gradually disappears. In fact, Gruffudd ab yr Ynad Coch's (fl. 1277-83) elegy on the death of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, is one of the most notable poems of the era. Other prominent poets of this period associated with the court of Gwynedd include:
A rather different poet of this period was Hywel ab Owain Gwynedd (d. 1170), known as the Poet-Prince, who as the son and heir of Prince Owain Gwynedd, was not a professional poet.
The Welsh Church in Gwynedd.
Celtic Christian traditions.
Prior to the Norman invasions between 1067–1101, Christians of Gwynedd shared many of the spiritual traditions and ecclesiastical institutions found throughout Wales and other Celtic nations, customs inherited from the Celtic Christianity of the Early Middle Ages.
However, Welsh ecclesiastics questioned to what degree the Papacy could impose Canon law upon them, especially with regard to the marriage of priests, the role of women both in the Church and in society, and the status of "illegitimate" children in society, with canon law conflicting with native Welsh law and customs. Additionally, Welsh bishops (Welsh sing. "esgob", pl. "esgobion") rejected the premise that the Archbishop of Canterbury held authority over them. Professor John Davies argued that there were dangers inherent for Welsh Bishops submitting to an ecclesiastical authority "that would, by necessity, be heavily under the influence ... of an English king".
By the 11th century, the Welsh Church consisted of three dioceses which were tied closely together by a strong sense of community and a shared sentiment in religious practice, but were independent of each other and whose boundaries were somewhat indeterminate. Central to this organizational approach was the rural nature of Welsh settlements which favored localized and autonomous monastic communities called "clasau" (sing. "clas").
"Clasau" were administered by an "abod" and contained a number of small timber-built churches and dormitory huts. Welsh monasticism highly valued asceticism, and the most celebrated Welsh ascestic was the 6th century St. David, who developed a monastic rule which emphasized hard work, encouraged vegetarianism, and promoted temperance. Women, who held a higher status in Welsh law and custom than elsewhere in Europe, could hold quasi-sacerdotal (semi-priestly) roles in the Welsh Church, noted Davies. As celibacy was not an important aspect of the Welsh Church, many priests married and supported families of their own, with some monasteries serving as single or extended family endeavors, and some ecclesiastical offices becoming hereditary. For many Welsh, monasticism was a familial way of life spent in devotion to Christ. As marriage was viewed as a secular social contract and governed by the well established Welsh law, divorce was recognized by the Welsh Church.
The Diocese of Bangor served as the episcopal see for all of upper and lower Gwynedd.
Latin Christianity.
Post-Norman Invasion
Gruffydd I of Gwynedd promoted the primacy of the episcopal see of Bangor in Gwynedd, and funded the building of Bangor Cathedral during the episcopate of David the Scot, Bishop of Bangor, between 1120-1139. Gruffydd's remains were interred in a tomb in the presbytery of Bangor Cathedral.
Government and law.
The traditional sphere of Aberffraw influence in north Wales included Ynys Môn as their early seat of authority, and Gwynedd Uwch Conwy ("Gwynedd above the Conwy", or "upper Gwynedd"), and the Perfeddwlad ("the Middle Country") also known as Gwynedd Is Conwy ("Gwynedd below the Conwy", or "lower Gwynedd"). Additional lands were acquired through vassalage or conquest, and by regaining lands lost to Marcher lords, particularly those of Ceredigion, Powys Fadog, and Powys Wenwynwyn. However these areas were always considered additions to Gwynedd, never as part of Gwynedd itself.
The extent of the kingdom varied with the strength of the current ruler. Gwynedd was traditionally divided into "Gwynedd Uwch Conwy" and "Gwynedd Is Conwy" (with the River Conwy forming the dividing line between the two); the former included Môn (Anglesey). The kingdom was administered under Welsh custom through thirteen "cantrefi" each containing, in theory, one hundred settlements or "trefi". Most cantrefs were also divided into cymydau (English: commotes).
Gwynedd at war.
According to Sir John Edward Lloyd, the challenges of campaigning in Gwynedd and Wales as a whole were exposed during the 20 year Norman invasions between 1081-1101. If a defender could bar any road, control any river-crossing or mountain pass, and control the coastline around Wales, then the risks of extended campaigning in Wales were too great. With control of the Menai Strait, an army could regroup on Môn, without control of the Menai an army could be stranded there, and any occupying force on Môn could deny the vast harvest of the island from the Welsh. And the Welsh throughout Wales were able to lead retaliatory strikes from mountainous strongholds or remote forested glens.
The Welsh were revered for the skills of their bowmen. Additionally, the Welsh learned from their Norman rivals. During the generations of warfare and close contact with the Normans, Gruffydd I and other Welsh leaders learned the arts of knighthood and adapted them for Wales. By Gruffydd's death in 1137 Gwynedd could field hundreds of heavy well-armed cavalry as well as their traditional bowmen and infantry.
In the end Wales was defeated militarily by the improved ability of the English navy to blockade or seize areas essential for agricultural production such as Anglesey. Lack of food would force the disbandment of any large Welsh force besieged within the mountains. Following the occupation Welsh soldiers were conscripted to serve in the English Army. During the revolt of Owain Glyndŵr the Welsh adapted the new skills they had learnt to guerilla tactics and lightning raids. Owain Glyndŵr reputedly used the mountains with such advantage that many of the exasperated English soldiery suspected him of being a magician able to control the natural elements.

</doc>
<doc id="20674389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674389" title="Puthuppadi">
Puthuppadi

It is under Thiruvambady Assembly Constituency.
Engapuzha is the Main town in puthuppadi. Here have some famous places.
Gangs Of Puthuppadi
About Puthuppadi
State of Kerala. The closest
tourism destination to
Puthuppadi is Lakkidi. Other
close by tourism destinations
include Kalpetta, Muthanga and
Wayanad. The nearest major
railway station to Puthuppadi is
Kozhikode (Calicut) (CLT) which
is at a distance of 29 kilometres. The nearest airport
is at Calicut which is at a
distance of 40 kilometres.

</doc>
<doc id="20674392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674392" title="Raroth">
Raroth


</doc>
<doc id="20674393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674393" title="Thalakkulathur">
Thalakkulathur

Demographics.
purkattiri,prambath,andicode annasserry,edakkara are the major residential area in this panchayath.
History.
Thalakkulthur is supposed to have got this name from the pond used for ritualistic purposes by the priesta of Zamorin dynasty located here.

</doc>
<doc id="20674395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674395" title="Thazhecode">
Thazhecode


</doc>
<doc id="20674400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674400" title="Thuneri">
Thuneri


</doc>
<doc id="20674402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674402" title="Thurayur">
Thurayur

Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Thurayur had a population of 14009 with 6641 males and 7368 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20674404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674404" title="Ulliyeri">
Ulliyeri

Nilambur-Koyilandi SH pass through here
Geography.
Ulliyeri is located at 11°26′0″N 75°47′0″E
http://wikimapia.org/482648/ULLIYERI-TOWN
Politics.
Ulliyeri is part of Kozhikode (Lok Sabha constituency). Ulliyeri keeps its secular face always.
Ulliyeri is part of Balusseri assembly constituency. In the first decade of Indian independence Balusseri supported the Indian National Congress party, but support since then has shifted to the Left Democratic Front. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is also a growing political factor in this area. Former Kerala state minister A C Shanmukhadas got a mammoth lead from this Grama Panchayat as part of Balussery assembly constiuency, and he was elected continuously for the past 25 years as MLA.
Ulliyeri gramapanchayat is a strong LDF supporting village. Its a red support area in its political bias. Left Democratic Front has been ruling this village for years.
Transport.
The nearest railway station is Quilandy (Koyilandy), 9 km away. The state highways connecting Quilandy and Nilambur (SH-34) and Puthiyangadi-Ulliyeri-Perambra-Chovva(Kannur) (SH-38) passes through Ulliyeri. Nearest airport is Karippur, Malappuram District (Calicut CCJ) 50 km away.
Education.
Palora higher secondary school is the major education institution in this village. Palora HSS is a famous school in kerala.Palora high school, Narath U P School & Ulliyeri U P School are the other schools in this panchayath. A private medical college namely Malabar Medical college, Modakkallur is also playing a key role in professional education along with its constituent dental college called as Sree Anjaneya institute of dental sciences and a college of Nursing in the same campus has carved a niche in quality health care and medical education.
Another milestone in the development of Ulliyeri in the field of education is the launching of an Engineering College atop the Palora Hill named after M.Dasan the late Communist -Marxist leader who represented Kozhikode-1 in the Kerala Legislative Assembly.The College is in the co-operative sector and caters to the needs of the young men and women in and around Ulliyeri to pursue studies in the IT field.

</doc>
<doc id="20674405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674405" title="Unnikulam">
Unnikulam


</doc>
<doc id="20674406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674406" title="Valayam">
Valayam


</doc>
<doc id="20674411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674411" title="Vavad, India">
Vavad, India


</doc>
<doc id="20674413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674413" title="Velom">
Velom

Demographics.
Temple
temples in velom chirakkal paradevatha kshetram,thaliyil shiva kshetram,shankareswaram temple,Umiyankunnummal kuttichathan and puthiyottil kshetram.
Mosque cherapuram valiya palli
References.
It is a panchayath surrounded by the Kuttiadi river. main towns are Theekuni, Palliyath, etc. it is remote village. L D F and U D F were rolling this panchayt.INC,CPM,IUML,SDPI are the main parties in the panchayath VALKETTU(5km from KUTTIADI), CHEMBODE are well sonded Muslim area there is one hill kulikkkun and mountain named MANIMALA. this area is very beautiful laction three a lot of chance to develop tourism.
Agriculture
coconut,rubber,pepper,and paddy.
head quarters Poolakkul

</doc>
<doc id="20674414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674414" title="Abdu Rahiman Nagar">
Abdu Rahiman Nagar

It is also the name of a Grama Panchayath.
Origine of the name.
The name Abdu Rahiman Nagar came from the name of Khilafath leader Mohammed Abdul Rahiman.
References.
the informations are collected by the law, Right to know information, 2012
Postal Code 676305

</doc>
<doc id="20674415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674415" title="Personal Effects">
Personal Effects

Personal Effects is a 2009 drama film directed by David Hollander and starring Michelle Pfeiffer, Ashton Kutcher and Kathy Bates. It is based on Rick Moody's story "Mansion on the Hill" (from his book "Demonology"). This movie was premiered in Iowa City, Iowa on December 12, 2008 as part of a fundraiser for Iowa Flood Relief. The DVD was released universally on May 12, 2009.
The movie was filmed in the Vancouver, British Columbia area.
Plot.
24-year-old wrestler Walter (Ashton Kutcher) leaves the national team in Iowa and returns to his hometown after the brutal murder of his twin sister, Annie (Sarah Lind), to support his mother, Gloria (Kathy Bates), and his niece. When he goes with his mother to therapy, he meets a widow, Linda (Michelle Pfeiffer), whose alcoholic husband was murdered by his friend in a bar. Linda has a deaf and mute son, Clay (Spencer Hudson), who misses his father and has a repressed anger against the killer. She also works in the Southside Community Center organizing weddings for needy people. They befriend each other during the trials and Walter invites Clay to join the local wrestling training. While waiting for the jury verdict of their cases, Linda and Walter have a love affair.

</doc>
<doc id="20674422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674422" title="Akampadam">
Akampadam


</doc>
<doc id="20674424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674424" title="Amy Zegart">
Amy Zegart

Amy B. Zegart (born 1967) is co-director of the Center for International Security and Cooperation (CISAC), a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, and professor of political economy (by courtesy) at Stanford's Graduate School of Business. Before coming to Stanford in 2011, she served as professor of public policy at UCLA’s Luskin School of Public Affairs and as a fellow at the Burkle Center for International Relations. She is a leading national expert on the United States Intelligence Community and national security policy. She has written three books on the topic: "Flawed By Design", which chronicled the evolution of the relationship between the United States Department of Defense, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the National Security Council; "Spying Blind", which examined U.S. intelligence agencies in the period preceding the September 11 attacks in 2001; and "Eyes on Spies", which examined the weaknesses of U.S. intelligence oversight.
Zegart studied for her Ph.D in Political Science under Condoleezza Rice at Stanford University. During this time, she also served as a member of President Bill Clinton's National Security Council staff. Zegart holds an A.B. in East Asian Studies "magna cum laude" from Harvard University. Prior to pursuing an academic career, she was a Fulbright Scholar and advised "Fortune" 100 companies on strategy and organizational effectiveness as an associate with McKinsey & Company. 
</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20674426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674426" title="Alamkod, Malappuram">
Alamkod, Malappuram

Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Alamcode had a population of 30,118 with 14,364 males and 15,754 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20674428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674428" title="Ryan Schoenmakers">
Ryan Schoenmakers

Ryan Schoenmakers (born 8 November 1990) is an Australian rules footballer with the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was selected with the last pick of the first round selections, pick 16, in the 2008 AFL Draft.
Schoenmakers started his career with the Tea Tree Gully Football Club, becoming the first Tea Tree Gully player to play in the AFL. He moved to Norwood as a junior. Schoenmakers played at Centre Half Forward for the South Australian Under 18 side, as well as for Norwood in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL). He is 195 cm tall and weighs 94 kg.
He was impressive at AFL Draft Camp, with the top ranking in the repeat sprints and in the top six in both the 20m sprint (2.90 sec) and standing vertical jump (69 cm).
Schoenmakers attended St Paul's College, situated in the north eastern suburbs of Adelaide. 
He made his debut for Hawthorn in the opening round of the 2009 AFL season, in the rematch of the 2008 AFL Grand Final against Geelong.
He was given the nickname "Drago" after his striking resemblance to Dolph Lundgren's character "Ivan Drago" in the movie Rocky IV. 
Schoenmakers had ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) and strained the medial ligament in his right knee,during a game against the in Launceston. He will require a reconstruction 

</doc>
<doc id="20674433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674433" title="Aliparamba">
Aliparamba


</doc>
<doc id="20674436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674436" title="Anamangad">
Anamangad


</doc>
<doc id="20674439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674439" title="Anantavur">
Anantavur

Demographics.
This was a part of the Vettattnad kingdom in medieval times.

</doc>
<doc id="20674450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674450" title="Arakkuparamba">
Arakkuparamba

As the name denotes, the place was once famous for mining iron ore. Arakkuparamba and Aliparamba are neighbouring places. The iron ore mined from Arakkuparamba was converted into iron plates and rods at Aliparamba. Ore melting technology was known to the ancient inhabitants. Ayirumada (or iron ore mining places) can still be seen there. 
This place was under the control of Chera Kings and was under the Nedunganad Principality. The Zamoothiri of Calicut defeated Nedungadees of Nedunganad and brought this place under their control. 
Remnants of ancient temples are seen at different places. With the help of local people, these temples are being renovated.
Karuthedath Mana is the famous Namboodiri Illam, 13 km away from perintalmanna with lot culteral and historical importance. Arakkuparamba have connected to the age of "PANDAVAS". 'Arakkkillam ' made up of wax to cheat and kill pandavas by the kauravas. Earlier 42Namboodiri families lived in this village. All 40 Illam are burned with Arakkillam and remain only 2 Illam in this village. Late Senior Karuthedam Neelakandan Namboodiri is the Thanthri and caretaker of Narasimha Moorhty at his lifetime. Karuthedam is the main landlord family in this village owrned lands from the Kodikuthy Mala to Paduvanthodu in Alanallur.
. Thottathodi is another famous Nair tharavaadu. A member of this family Mr. Raman nair constructed the first school at Arakkuparamba.

</doc>
<doc id="20674456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674456" title="Ariyallur">
Ariyallur

Places of Interest.
Vallikkunnu Railway Station is situated in Ariyallur. M V Higher Secondary School, G U P School are important schools. Ariyallur is also famous for Agricultural Nurseries.
It has coast of about 4 Kilometers. Muthiyam Turtle Sanctuary is in this coast. 

</doc>
<doc id="20674458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674458" title="Atavanad">
Atavanad


</doc>
<doc id="20674459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674459" title="Cikkode">
Cikkode


</doc>
<doc id="20674461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674461" title="Cekkod">
Cekkod


</doc>
<doc id="20674473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674473" title="Sand Fastened">
Sand Fastened

Sand Fastened is the debut album by fire Zuave. Released in 2008, the album features artwork by David Barnes, an artist most known for his contributions to of Montreal album covers.

</doc>
<doc id="20674480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674480" title="Petőfi">
Petőfi

Petőfi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20674488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674488" title="Khairo, Sindh">
Khairo, Sindh

Khairo is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located at 26°35'25N 67°42'45E with an altitude of 17 metres (59 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20674501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674501" title="Khairo">
Khairo

Khairo may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20674524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674524" title="Khairo, Punjab">
Khairo, Punjab

Khairo is a town in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 30°18'35N 70°14'15E with an altitude of 667 metres (2191 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20674532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674532" title="Ariana Kukors">
Ariana Kukors

Ariana Kukors (born June 1, 1989) is a retired American competition swimmer who currently holds the world record in the 200-meter individual medley (long course). Kukors has won a total of seven medals in major international competition, two golds, three silvers, and two bronze spanning the World and the Pan Pacific Championships. She placed fifth in the 200-meter individual medley event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Personal.
Kukors was born in Federal Way, Washington, in 1989, the daughter of Peter and Jaapje Kukors. Kukors began swimming at the age of five because of the influence of her older sister, Emily, who swam for Auburn University. Kukors also has one younger sister, Mattie, who previously swam for the University of Michigan from 2009 to 2011, and now swims for Arizona State University. Kukors is a 2007 graduate of Auburn Mountainview High School in Auburn, Washington. Kukors swam for the Washington Huskies swim team at the University of Washington for one year, but left the university after the swim teams were cut as a cost-saving measure by the UW athletic department. In August 2009, Kukors relocated to Fullerton, California to train with the Fullerton Aquatics Sports Team (FAST), after her coach Sean Hutchison was named head coach. Kukors trains alongside Katie Hoff, Margaret Hoelzer, and Caroline Burckle. Kukors is sponsored by TYR. Kukors graduated from Chapman University with a bachelor's degree in business in 2012.
Career.
2004–2005.
As a fifteen-year-old, Kukors competed at the 2004 U.S. Olympic Team Trials in the 200-meter individual medley but did not advance past the semifinals, finishing 10th overall. The following year, Kukors competed at the 2005 World Championship Trials but did not qualify for the 2005 World Aquatics Championships. Her best results came in the 200 and 400-meter individual medley where she finished fifth.
2006–2008.
At the 2006 National Championships, Kukors qualified to swim at the 2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and the 2007 World Aquatics Championships by finishing in second place in the 400-meter individual medley. Kukors also placed fourth in the 200-meter individual medley and fifth in the 100-meter backstroke.
At the 2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Victoria, Kukors earned the first international medal of her career by finishing in second place behind compatriot Katie Hoff in the 400-meter individual medley. The following year, Kukors competed at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne, and placed fifth in the 400-meter individual medley.
At the 2008 U.S. Olympic Team Trials, Kukors placed third in the 200-meter individual medley behind Katie Hoff and Natalie Coughlin, who edged her out by eight hundredths of a second. Kukors also placed sixth in the 400-meter individual medley and the 200-meter breaststroke.
2009.
At the 2009 National Championships, Kukors only qualified to swim in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships by finishing in third place in the 200-meter freestyle. In the 200-meter individual medley, Kukors placed third behind Julia Smit and Elizabeth Pelton. Only the top two finishers qualify to compete in one event at the FINA World Championships. However, Pelton withdrew from the event and was replaced by Kukors. Kukors also placed fourth in the 400-meter individual medley.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, Kukors won one gold and one silver medal. In her first event, the 200-meter individual medley, Kukors won gold in world record time. In the heats of the 200-meter individual medley, Kukors posted an Americas and championship record time of 2:08.53, just off Stephanie Rice's world record of 2:08.45. In the semifinals, Kukors broke Rice's world record with a time of 2:07.03, over a second better than the previous mark. In the final of the 200-meter individual medley, Kukors won the gold and broke her own world record record with a time of 2:06.15. In her second event, Kukors won a silver medal in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay with Dana Vollmer, Lacey Nymeyer, and Allison Schmitt.
For her performance in 2009, she was named the American Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World Magazine".
2010.
At the 2010 National Championships, Kukors qualified to compete at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships by finishing first in the 200-meter individual medley and second in the 400-meter individual medley. At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Kukors won silver in the 200-meter individual medley, finishing behind Australian Emily Seebohm. Kukors also finished ninth overall in the 400-meter individual medley.
At the end of 2010, Kukors competed at the 2010 FINA Short Course World Championships in Dubai, where she won one gold and one bronze medal. In the 100-meter individual medley, Kukors broke the championship record twice. In the final, her time of 58.95 was slightly behind her championship record time of 58.65 set in the semifinals, but was still good enough for gold. In the 200-meter individual medley, Kukors placed third behind Spaniard Mireia Belmonte and Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen. Kukors also competed in the 400-meter individual medley, where she finished sixth.
2011.
At the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, Kukors competed in one event, the 200-meter individual medley. She was not able to defend her 2009 crown, and finished in third place behind Chinese Ye Shiwen, and Australian Alicia Coutts with a time of 2:09.12.
2012.
At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, the U.S. qualifying meet for the Olympics, Kukors qualified for the U.S. Olympic team by finishing second in the 200-meter individual medley with a time of 2:11.30. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she placed fifth in the finals of the 200-meter individual medley.
Retirement.
Kukors officially announced her retirement from competition on September 26, 2013. She now works as the director of health inspiration for LifeWise Health Plan of Washington and writes for their online magazine Actively Northwest.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20674535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674535" title="926th Engineer Brigade (United States)">
926th Engineer Brigade (United States)

The 926th Engineer Brigade is a combat engineer brigade of the United States Army. Recently transformed from a group sized unit, the 926th returned from a tour in Iraq in late 2008.
Lineage.
Constituted 17 June 1943 in the Army of the United States as the 926th Engineer Aviation Regiment
Headquarters and Headquarters and Service Company activated 20 June 1943 at Richmond, Virginia (organic elements not organized)
Inactivated 2 October 1945 at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey
Headquarters and Headquarters and Service Company, 926th Engineer Aviation Regiment, redesignated 19 December 1946 as Headquarters and Headquarters and Service Company, 926th Engineer Aviation Group
Activated 31 January 1947 at Wheeler Field, Hawaii
Inactivated 16 December 1948 at Wheeler Air Force Base, Hawaii
Allotted 10 March 1949 to the Organized Reserve Corps
Activated 7 April 1949 at Montgomery, Alabama
Reorganized and redesignated 1 October 1951 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 926th Engineer Aviation Group
Reorganized and redesignated 31 January 1957 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 926th Engineer Group
Ordered into active military service 21 November 1990 at Montgomery, Alabama; released from active military service 21 April 1991 and reverted to reserve status
Ordered into active military service 24 February 2003 at Montgomery, Alabama; released from active military service 22 June 2004 and reverted to reserve status
Reorganized and redesignated 17 September 2007 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 926th Engineer Brigade
Ordered into active military service 5 March 2008 at Montgomery, Alabama; released from active military service 8 April 2009 and reverted to reserve status

</doc>
<doc id="20674546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674546" title="John Nye (scientist)">
John Nye (scientist)

John Frederick Nye (born 1923) is the first physicist to apply plasticity to understand glacier flow. Nye's early work was on the physics of plasticity, spanning ice rheology, ice flow mechanics, laboratory ice flow measurements, glacier surges, meltwater penetration in ice, and response of glaciers and ice sheets to seasonal and climatic changes.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1976. He has served as president of the International Glaciological Society (1966–9), who awarded him the Seligman Crystal in 1969 for outstanding contributions to glaciology, and was also president of the International Commission of Snow and Ice of the International Association of Hydrological Sciences (1971–5). The Cryosphere Focus Group of the American Geophysical Union hosts a Nye Lecture each year at its fall meeting.
Nye is currently Emeritus Professor in Physics at the University of Bristol, UK. In addition to glaciology, his research interests include caustics and microwave probes.

</doc>
<doc id="20674567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674567" title="CBLN">
CBLN

CBLN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20674586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674586" title="Khairo Bhatti">
Khairo Bhatti

Khairo Bhatti is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located at 28°9'0N 68°27'0E with an altitude of 54 metres (180 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20674588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674588" title="Central City Register-Call">
Central City Register-Call

The Central City Register-Call, also called the "Weekly Register-Call", is the oldest newspaper in Colorado. It is published by Aaron Storms and David Spellman in Black Hawk, Colorado. The newspaper was originally known as the "Miners' Register" (also "Daily Miners' Register"), which was changed to the "Central City Register" (also called "Daily") on July 26, 1868, and after an 1870s merger it has been known as the "Register-Call".

</doc>
<doc id="20674605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674605" title="Canindé (goat)">
Canindé (goat)

The Canindé goat breed, from northeastern Brazil, was selectively bred for its characteristic coloration from the Chué goat of the same region. It is predominantly black with light stripes on its face, chest, and lower legs.
Sources.
Canindé Goat

</doc>
<doc id="20674612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674612" title="Celambra">
Celambra


</doc>
<doc id="20674613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674613" title="Video Retrospective">
Video Retrospective

Video Retrospective is the first video album by American rock singer-songwriter Lenny Kravitz, released on November 25, 1991 in VHS format by Virgin Records America due to the success of his second album "Mama Said". The album contains all of Kravitz's first music videos filmed from 1989 to 1991 from his first two albums, "Let Love Rule" and "Mama Said".

</doc>
<doc id="20674616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674616" title="Chembrasseri">
Chembrasseri


</doc>
<doc id="20674620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674620" title="Cerukavu">
Cerukavu

Proposed Karipur-Kondotty Municipality.
The proposed Karipur-Kondotty Municipality comprises:
Total Area: 122.99 km2
Total Population (1991 Census): 152,839

</doc>
<doc id="20674624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674624" title="Edappatta">
Edappatta


</doc>
<doc id="20674631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674631" title="Edayoor">
Edayoor


</doc>
<doc id="20674632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674632" title="Willy van de Wiel">
Willy van de Wiel

Willy van de Wiel (born 15 April 1982) is a Dutch darts player who plays in British Darts Organisation events.
BDO career.
Willy won the 2008 Norway Open, beating Dave Chisnall, Stephen Bunting and John Henderson before beating Paul Hanvidge in the final. He also made quarter final appearances in the Swiss Open and the Welsh Classic.
He received a wildcard entry into the 2008 Zuiderduin Masters, replacing Remco van Eijden who withdrew from the tournament to play in the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship. He lost both group games, losing 5-0 in legs to Brian Woods and then lost 5-1 to Gary Robson.
Van de Wiel earned one of the non-seeded places for the 2009 BDO World Darts Championship meaning he avoided having to qualify for the event. He drew reigning BDO World Champion Mark Webster in the first round, and lost 3-0. van de Wiel then reached the final of the 2009 Dutch Open, losing to Darryl Fitton.
Van de Wiel won the 2009 Swedish Open, beating local Anders Astrom in the final.
He participated in the 2010 BDO World Darts Championship exiting the tournament in the second round after losing 1-4 to Ted Hankey. van der Wiel won the 2010 Hungarian Open, beating Joey ten Berge 6-5 in the final.
Van de Wiel entered the 2011 BDO World Darts Championship as the ninth seed as defeated Scottish qualifier Alan Soutar in the first round before losing in the second round to Ross Smith.
Personal life.
van de Wiel lives with his partner Patty in Rijen and together they have a son named Luca (born 2011)

</doc>
<doc id="20674635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674635" title="Elankur">
Elankur


</doc>
<doc id="20674637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674637" title="Khairo Buriro">
Khairo Buriro

Khairo Buriro is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located at 27°26'15N 68°46'20E with an altitude of 59 metres (196 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20674640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674640" title="Rose Point, Pennsylvania">
Rose Point, Pennsylvania

Rose Point is an unincorporated community in east central Slippery Rock Township, Lawrence County, Pennsylvania, United States, very close to the Butler County line. Founded approximately 200 years ago, the community lies in a rural yet formerly industrial region of fields and broken terrain.
Geography.
Rose Point's elevation is 1,106 feet (337 m). It lies on the northern side of U.S. Route 422 at its intersection with Rose Point Road, along the gorge of the Slippery Rock Creek. Located east of the city of New Castle, the county seat of Lawrence County, the community sits approximately midway between New Castle and Butler. It lies near two of U.S. 422's significant intersections: with U.S. Route 19, about 1 mile (1.6 km) away, and with Interstate 79, about 3 miles (5 km) away. In the vicinity of Rose Point are multiple state parks: Moraine State Park, including the large Lake Arthur, is located to the east not far past Interstate 79, while McConnells Mill State Park sits on the opposite side of U.S. 422.
Geology.
The bedrock around Rose Point is primarily the soft rock of the large Vanport Limestone layer, which has a 93.6% content of calcium carbonate and low levels of magnesium carbonate and silica. Hydrocarbons were originally prevalent in the township: significant coal beds of fine quality were found throughout the area, and oil wells were drilled in hopes of reaching the edge of the Venango County-centered oil fields. Seen most clearly in the deep and broken gorge of the Slippery Rock Creek is the karst topography of the region around Rose Point, which also includes significant cave complexes. Leading among the caves in the area is the Harlansburg Cave, Pennsylvania's longest cave, which has been reported to extend from Harlansburg (eleven miles away) to Rose Point. Smaller caves such as the Rose Point Cave also exist in the area, parallel to the Harlansburg Cave; all these caves are believed to have been formed by stream water forced underground during wetter times of the year, causing their passages to be maze-like rather than linear.
History.
The first settler in the Rose Point vicinity were Abraham Wigle and Samuel Stickle of Westmoreland County, who arrived in 1804. Wigle was the first of many to harness the power of the Slippery Rock Creek, building a gristmill and a sawmill on its banks in about 1825; although Wigle's mill was destroyed by water, another mill (later abandoned) was built shortly before 1850, and the still-preserved McConnells Mill is just 2 miles (3 km) downstream. Various businesses were established in the community, including a hotel, blacksmiths' and cobblers' shops, and multiple stores. Two churches were established in the community: one Reformed Presbyterian (which still exists), and one Roman Catholic. Slippery Rock Township's natural resources were exploited in Rose Point, with iron furnaces being built to use locally-produced iron ore, coal, and limestone. Of these two, the Willie Roy or Wilroy Furnace, built in 1854, has been recognized as a Pennsylvania state historic location. Public services were also introduced to the community: a post office was opened in the 1850s, and a village school was established in the early 1860s. Dates given for the establishment of the Rose Point post office vary from 1852 to 1858; regardless of the date of its establishment, the post office operated until disestablishment in 1933. Today, Rose Point addresses are served by the New Castle ZIP code, 16101. While the community has long been known only as Rose Point, it also bore the name of "Stonetown" for a time in its early history; the post office, however, was always named Rose Point.

</doc>
<doc id="20674641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674641" title="Irimbiliyam">
Irimbiliyam


</doc>
<doc id="20674648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674648" title="Kalpakancheri">
Kalpakancheri

Kadungathukundu is the main town near Tirur on the way to Valancheri, in the Malappuram district, Kerala, south India. It is situated on the border between Kalpakancheri and Valavannur Grama panchayats. Kadungathukundu is the main town of the Valavannur Gramapanchayat. This small town is a centre of academic institutions and other offices. Two higher secondary schools, an Arabic college, two industrial training centres, an un-aided high school, two primary schools, Kalpakancheri police station, Bafakhy Yatheem Khana, Valavannur Village Office and Kalpakancheri Panchayat Office are situated at Kadungathukundu.

</doc>
<doc id="20674653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674653" title="Karakunnu">
Karakunnu


</doc>
<doc id="20674656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674656" title="Kattipparutti">
Kattipparutti


</doc>
<doc id="20674658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674658" title="Gary McGhee">
Gary McGhee

Gary McGhee (born October 28, 1988) is an American professional basketball player with MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg of Basketball Bundesliga in Germany. He was a member of Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball team. In 2009–10, McGhee was selected to the CBE Classic All-Tournament Team, led the Panthers in field goal percentage at 62.3%, and at the end of the season was named the team's Defensive Player of the Year.
College career.
2007–08.
In his freshman year, Big G appeared in 21 games, played 103 minutes, and scored 31 points (1.5 ppg) with 30 rebounds (1.4 rpg) for Pitt Panther team the that won the 2008 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament. He saw action in four minutes with one offensive rebound in his career debut against North Carolina A&T, on November 10. As the season progressed, he continued to contribute, at the end of the year he earned team co-Most Improved Player Award at the team banquet. 
2008–09.
As a sophomore, McGhee played in 31 of 36 games with one start, against Belmont. He finished season with 38 points, 48 rebounds and eight blocked shots in 207 minutes of action for the Pitt team that earned a number one seed in the 2009 NCAA basketball tournament and advanced to the Elite Eight.
2009–10.
McGhee's junior year saw huge increases in production. In 24.2 minutes per game (34 games) McGhee averaged 6.9 ppg and 6.8 rpg. He was one of four players to start all 34 games, and led the team in FG%, at 62.3%. That year's Pitt team finished the season ranked and earned a three seed in the 2010 NCAA Tournament.
2010–11.
Lauded as one of the Big East's best defenders. Started all 34 games at center. Five double-doubles on year. Reached double figure rebounding 11 times and double figure scoring in nine contests. Scored 10 points and grabbed 18 rebounds in the NABC College All-Star Game in Houston. Earned rebounding award at team banquet for a Pitt team that won the Big East regular season championship and earned a number one seed in the 2011 NCAA Tournament. Magee averaged 9.0 rebounds per game in Pitt's two NCAA Tournament games. Pulled down a game-high 11 rebounds vs. UNC Asheville, 3/17. Coralled a game-high 10 rebounds vs. Villanova, 3/5. Finished with nine points (4-5 FG), all coming in the decisive second half and five rebounds at USF, 3/2. Tied a career-high with 13 points (5-6 FG) and brought down six rebounds at West Virginia, 2/7. Grabbed a game-high 13 rebounds and had four blocks vs. Cincinnati, 2/5. Posted a career-high tying 13 points (4-5 FG) and grabbed eight rebounds at Rutgers, 1/29. Pulled down career-highs of 15 rebounds and 12 defensive rebounds at DePaul, 1/22. Grabbed a game-high 13 rebounds and set a career-high 11 defensive rebounds vs. Syracuse, 1/17. Tied a career-high with 13 points and 10 rebounds vs. Seton Hall, 1/15. Scored 12 points (5-5 FG) and grabbed six rebounds vs. Marquette, 1/4. Tallied a career-high 13 points, all coming in the second half, and grabbed nine rebounds at Providence, 1/4. Registered a double-double with 11 points and 11 rebounds in only 22 min. vs. Connecticut, 12/27. Finished with third double-double on year (10 points and 10 rebounds) vs. Maryland Eastern Shore, 12/18. Posted a double-double with career-highs of 12 points and 13 rebounds, and a career-high seven blocks against Duquesne, 12/1. The seven blocks tied a program record. Registered a double-double with 11 points and 12 rebounds against Robert Morris, 11/23.
Professional career.
After two seasons playing in Europe, McGhee joined the Golden State Warriors for the 2013 NBA Summer League. In December 2013, he signed with MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="20674659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674659" title="Kavanoor">
Kavanoor


</doc>
<doc id="20674660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674660" title="Keezhattur">
Keezhattur

Poonthanam illam, the birthplace of "bhakthakavi" Poonthnam namboothiri, famous ancient malayalam poet, is located here. The poonthanam illam is now a popular cultural centre. Keezhattur is a moderately large panchayat;its administrative offices are located in Akkaparambu, which is about 12km away from Perinthalmanna, the largest city of Malappuram district. The renowned pharmacy educational institution, Al Shifa College of Pharmacy is located in this picturesque village. 

</doc>
<doc id="20674662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674662" title="Kerala Estate">
Kerala Estate


</doc>
<doc id="20674664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674664" title="Kodur, Malappuram">
Kodur, Malappuram

Kodur is a village and a suburb of Malappuram, India.
Kodur is famous for its trading in vegetables mainly Ash gourd. The Panchayat ruling party is IUML headed by (Rajula Pelathodi) and Vice President is (C.P Mohammed Shaji). Kodur covers about 19 wards. The kodur panchayat office is located in the ward called Thanikkal. Kodur is part of Malappuram Assembly constituency as well as Malappuram (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20674667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674667" title="Koottilangadi">
Koottilangadi


</doc>
<doc id="20674669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674669" title="Kurumbattur">
Kurumbattur


</doc>
<doc id="20674672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674672" title="Amalia Solórzano">
Amalia Solórzano

Amalia Solórzano Alejandra Bravo (July 10, 1911 – December 12, 2008) was the First Lady of Mexico from 1934 to 1940. She was the spouse of president Lázaro Cárdenas, the mother of the thrice ex-presidential candidate and former Head of Government of the Federal District, Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas, and the grandmother of the former Governor of Michoacán, Lázaro Cárdenas Batel. 
She was born in Tacámbaro to her parents Candido Solórzano Morales and Albertina Bravo Sosa. She was a leading member of the Aid Committee for Children of the Spanish People, an organisation that helped children who were refugees in France as a consequence of the Spanish Civil War to reach Mexico.
At the time of her death, she was the world's eldest surviving former First Lady, living after occupying the post of First Lady 74 years before, on December 1, 1934. She was also Mexico's ever youngest First Lady, at 23 years old when becoming first lady.

</doc>
<doc id="20674673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674673" title="Kurumbilangode">
Kurumbilangode


</doc>
<doc id="20674677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674677" title="Monfi">
Monfi

The monfíes (, sing. "monfí"; trans. "munfī", "exiled, outlawed") were moriscos who lived during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries in the mountains around Granada.
The first "monfíes" were people driven to the mountains as a result of the disorder and repression associated with the conquest of Granada by the Catholic Monarchs in 1492. Their numbers grew in subsequent decades as the new Castilian authorities put more pressure on the Muslims of Granada to convert to Christianity. The "monfíes", who were largely of rural origin, occasionally formed mountain communities in which they could practice their faith openly, in contrast to most moriscos, who were forced either to abandon their religion or practice it covertly. Their chief occupation was banditry against Christians.
The "monfíes" figured prominently in the Morisco Revolt of Aben Humeya.

</doc>
<doc id="20674678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674678" title="Kuruvambalam">
Kuruvambalam


</doc>
<doc id="20674680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674680" title="Kuzhimanna">
Kuzhimanna


</doc>
<doc id="20674682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674682" title="Mambad">
Mambad


</doc>
<doc id="20674683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674683" title="Robert Goossens">
Robert Goossens

Robert Goossens, the son of a metal foundry worker, was born in 1927 in Paris, France. In his younger years, he served an apprenticeship in jewelry making, perfecting the techniques of casting, engraving, and embossing semi-precious and simulated stones into gold and silver metals. In his decades of creating fine jewelry, Goossens mixed the genuine stones with the fakes, a blend of the artificial gems with the semi-precious for clients including Coco Chanel, Cristóbal Balenciaga, Yves Saint Laurent, Madame Gres and Christian Dior.
Design Aesthetic.
Goossens' designs were heavily influenced by paintings and artifacts in Paris museums, with inspiration most often taken from Maltese, Byzantium, and Renaissance works. Over the years, he traveled extensively, frequently bringing back stones including sapphires, amethysts, rubies, coral, and chalcedony. Rock Crystal, the clear and colorless variety of quartz, was Goossens’ favorite medium and he was the first to set it into pieces of jewelry as he felt that its delicate and inexpensive attributes were well suited to costume jewelry. He also utilized bronze, shells, pearls, colored and natural rock crystal in his necklace, brooch, bracelet and earring designs.
Work With The House of Chanel.
Starting in 1953, Goossens worked with Coco Chanel to design jewelry to accompany her fashion designs, mostly through presentations where she would guide his inspiration. Chanel herself loved to blend the rich with the poor and Goossens' creations were entirely in keeping with that approach. Notable work during his tenure at Chanel includes silver and gold plaited pins set with emeralds, moon earth pendants, and crystal Byzantine crosses. Goossens would create original pieces for Mademoiselle Chanel made of real gold and genuine stones, which in turn were copied as imitations designed for fashion shows and presentations. These models ultimately served as the basis for Chanel's costume jewelry designs.
Goossens continued his work with the house of Chanel after its founder's passing, and collaborated with her successor Karl Lagerfeld throughout the 1980s and 1990s to create costume jewelry for Chanel's ready-to-wear and couture collections. Chanel bought Goossens' company in 2005.
Goossen's workshop north of Paris is still operating to this day, employing some fifty people to handcraft his designs. Goossens Showroom is in Avenue George V, one of the most fashionable streets in Paris.
Some of his works are part of the Paris Musée des Arts Décoratifs collections.

</doc>
<doc id="20674684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674684" title="Marakkara">
Marakkara


</doc>
<doc id="20674695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674695" title="Bachai">
Bachai

Bachai is a town and union council of Swabi District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20674696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674696" title="Melmuri">
Melmuri

It is one of the residential area of Malappuram city.

</doc>
<doc id="20674698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674698" title="James Cook Ayer">
James Cook Ayer

James Cook Ayer (5 May 1818 Groton, Connecticut - 3 July 1878 Winchendon, Massachusetts) was the wealthiest patent medicine businessman of his day. Dr. Ayer was also brother of wealthy industrialist Frederick Ayer.
Biography.
At the age of 13, he moved to Lowell, Massachusetts, and resided there with his uncle. His education was obtained at the public schools, where at one time he was a classmate of Gen. Butler, and subsequently at the Westford Academy, after which he was apprenticed to James C. Robbins, a druggist in Lowell. While there he studied medicine, and later he graduated from the medical school of the University of Pennsylvania.
Ayer never practised medicine, but devoted his principal attention to pharmaceutical chemistry and the compounding of medicines. His success in this line was very great, and soon led him to establish a factory in Lowell for the manufacture of his medicinal preparations, which became one of the largest of its kind in the world, and was magnificently equipped. He accumulated a fortune estimated at $20,000,000.
Much of his success was due to his advertising, and he published annually an almanac, 5,000,000 copies of which were gratuitously distributed each year. Editions in English, French, German, Portuguese, and Spanish, were regularly issued. In 1874 he accepted the Republican nomination for the United States Congress in the 7th Massachusetts District, but was defeated.
In addition to his patent medicine business, Dr. Ayer was involved in textile production in Lowell, Massachusetts with his brother. The town of Ayer, Massachusetts is named for him. He died in an asylum on July 3, 1878 and is interred at Lowell Cemetery. 
His son, Frederick Fanning Ayer, born 1851, became a lawyer and philanthropist, and was director or stockholder of many corporations.

</doc>
<doc id="20674700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674700" title="Student Venture">
Student Venture

Student Venture is an interdenominational Christian organization affiliated with Campus Crusade for Christ that promotes evangelism and discipleship on junior and senior high school campuses.
Since its formation in 1966, Student Venture has grown to involve over 1300 full-time staff members, affiliates and volunteers in 20 metropolitan locations.
Activities.
Student Venture activities include student meetings, discussion groups, 1-on-1 counseling, leadership training, conferences, retreats and summer mission trip opportunities.
In 1994, the New York Times reported that Student Venture had helped organize junior high and high school students into prayer groups with over 177,000 participants.
Court rulings.
In the 1980s, Student Venture was denied permission to rent meeting space from a Centinnel, Pa., high school. A lawsuit was subsequently filed by Student Venture's parent organization, Campus Crusade for Christ, which eventually went to the Supreme Court. The Court ruled in 1990 that religious groups are entitled to rent space in public schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20674701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674701" title="Moonniyur">
Moonniyur

The important places around Moonniyur are Padikkal, Thalappara, Alinchuvadu, Muttichira, Kaliyatamucku, Parakkdavu, Kunnathu parambu, Chuzhali, Kalathingalpara, Areeppara, mullankuzhi, chekuthan moola

</doc>
<doc id="20674706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674706" title="Moorkkanad">
Moorkkanad


</doc>
<doc id="20674707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674707" title="Morayur">
Morayur

Morayur () is a Revenue Village and Gram panchayat in Malappuram district, Kerala, India. Morayur is situated north of Malappuram, on NH 213 between Kozhikode and Palakkad. It is close to Nilambur.
Morayur, in Malayalam, means 'Land of peoples who have manners'.
History.
Thinayancherry Elayath, a native of Morayur, was a minister of one of the Zamorin kings. A Muslim family named 'Kodithodika' was a major family in the early history of Morayur. During the British Raj, it was common practice to appoint 'Adhikaries' (the present day Village Officer) from major families with inheritance rights, so the post was held by the Kodithodika family in Morayur. They continued to hold the post after Independence (1947) up to 1961. The first president of the Gram panchayat was Kodithodika Ahmed, alias Bappu, who served from 1969 to 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20674709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674709" title="Muthuvallur">
Muthuvallur


</doc>
<doc id="20674712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674712" title="Naduvattom">
Naduvattom

CAVENDERS Arts & Sports Club is a famous club in Naduvattom.
Location.
Naduvattom is at a junction of two roads Thrissur-Kozhikode and Pattambi-Ponnani . Naduvattom belongs to Vattamkulam Panchayath.

</doc>
<doc id="20674715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674715" title="Nannambra">
Nannambra


</doc>
<doc id="20674717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674717" title="Cirrhilabrus jordani">
Cirrhilabrus jordani

The flame wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus jordani", is a species of wrasse endemic to the Hawaiian Islands where it is found in groups on coral reefs at depths from , though mostly above . This species can reach a total length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade. 

</doc>
<doc id="20674718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674718" title="Nannamukku">
Nannamukku


</doc>
<doc id="20674719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674719" title="Nediyiruppu">
Nediyiruppu

Understand.
This village is very near the Kozhikode International Airport. The Calicut to Madras trunk road passes through this village. The name of the village 'Nediyiruppu' refers to the ancient kingdom of 'Nediyiruppu Swaroopam'. Most of the people of this village are farmers. Some of them also work in Gulf countries. The village of Nediyiruppu becomes very lively in the evenings with crowded streets and noisy bazaars.
Places as Kottukkara, Kodangad, Kuruppath Bye-pass junction, NH Colony, Pothuvettypara, Musliyarangadi, etc. belong to Nediyiruppu village.
Schools.
Vakkathody Primary School
Devadar Primary School
Mongam High School
Kottukkara High School
G M L P School, Kottukkara
Government Mappila U.P.S,Chiryil
Mini Ooty.
Mini Ooty is a small hill top village about 10 k.m. from Nediyiruppu. It is around 500 metres climb steep from the main road. The roads are in good condition and a moderately large number of visitors come to see the rolling hills and scenic views. There are many stone crushers and planatations atop the hills. There is an old Dalit Colony on the western side of the hill. 
Nearby villages
Colony Road NH
Sirajul Islam Madrassa
Melaparamba Angadi
Panchayath Sub Centre PHC
Ayyappa Temple
Thazhe Colony
Moochikundu
Poolappees
Thiruvonamoola
Welcome Board: Nediyiruppu Panchayath
High Tech Metals. 2771177
Oorakam Melmuri
Arimbra
Musliyarangadi
Total. 10 + 10 = 20 k.m.

</doc>
<doc id="20674721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674721" title="Neduva">
Neduva


</doc>
<doc id="20674723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674723" title="Nenmini">
Nenmini

Demographics.
Nenmini is situated in Perinthalmanna block and located in Malappuram district of Kerala. It is one of 22 villages in perinthalmanna Block along with villages like Keezhattur and Mankada.

</doc>
<doc id="20674724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674724" title="Niramarutur">
Niramarutur

Niramaruthur was under Tanaloor Panchayath, and divided in 1997, the area included Unniyal beach, also two reveres joining in Ponnani is touching Niramaruthur area.This was a part of the Vettattnad kingdom in medieval times.
The name originated from Malabar and is related to the mountain valleys 

</doc>
<doc id="20674727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674727" title="Othukkungal">
Othukkungal

Demographics.
And also here first family is kuruniyan.

</doc>
<doc id="20674731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674731" title="Ozhur">
Ozhur

References.
Salam

</doc>
<doc id="20674733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674733" title="Pallikkal">
Pallikkal

Calicut (Karipur) airport is near to Pallikkal.
Pallikkal Bazar is around 5 km away from Calicut University and Kondotty
AMLP School Pallikkal is in pallikkal bazar.
Proposed Karipur-Kondotty Municipality.
The proposed Karipur-Kondotty Municipality comprises
Total Area: 122.99 km2
Total Population (1991 Census): 152,839

</doc>
<doc id="20674738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674738" title="Scotts' wrasse">
Scotts' wrasse

Scotts' wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus scottorum", is a species of wrasse native to the Pacific Ocean, where it occurs at depths of on coral reefs from Australia's Great Barrier Reef to the Pitcairn Islands. It can reach a total length of . It is found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674741" title="Parappur">
Parappur


</doc>
<doc id="20674746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674746" title="Laboute's wrasse">
Laboute's wrasse

Laboute's wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus laboutei", is a species of wrasse native to the coral reefs of New Caledonia and Australia, where it occurs at depths of . This species can reach a total length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674749" title="Prathap K. Pothan">
Prathap K. Pothan

Prathap K. Pothan, popularly known by his first name , is an Indian actor, director, writer, producer who has acted in about 95 films. He has acted in Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu as well as Hindi films. His directional ventures were in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam.
Early life and background.
His father Kolathinkal Pothan was a well known business man of Thiruvananthapuram. He did his schooling from, Lawrence School, Lovedale, in Ooty. He finished Schooling in 1968. His elder brother Hari Pothan is also a film producer was married to then famous actress Jayabharathi for a short while. His father died when he was 15. The youngest of five children, he grew up in a household where art, politics, entertainment and business co-existed, allowing him to experience a large cross-section of life from his ancestral home in Trivandrum in Kerala. Pratap married Amala Satyanath Pothen in 1990, a senior corporate professional and they have one daughter Keya Pothen who is 22 years old.
College life.
Pratap gained admission to Madras Christian College (MCC), Madras. Pratap remained friends with those he went to school and MCC with. His friends helped him act in plays at college and his interest turned to acting from painting.
He left MCC with a B.A in economics in 1972. Pratap started to work as a copywriter in an ad agency in Mumbai. After a year, he joined Sistas ad agency. Later he worked for Hindustan Thomson.
During the late sixties and early seventies, armed with a boarding school education from Ooty and awakened by an amazing bohemian experience gained 'chasing the wind' during his college days at MCC in Madras, the young Prathap went about shedding his shy schoolboy skin and embracing a culture of theatre and art.
Film career.
Pratap acted with "The Madras Players". The late director Bharathan enjoyed Pratap's performance in Shaw's play "Androcles and the Lion", and invited him to act in his Malayalam film "Aaravam". 
Pratap acted in critically acclaimed films like 'Thakara' and 'Chamaram'. Chamaram dealt with the tumultuous affair between a student and his college lecturer.
Films like Nenjathai Killathe, Panneer Pushpangal, Moodupani and Varumayin Niram Sivappu made Pratap famous in Tamil also.
Film director.
Pratap directed three films in Malayalam:
He also directed a Telugu film - 'Chaithanya'. "Seevalapperi Pandi", "Jeeva", "Vetrivizha" are Some of the popular films he directed in Tamil.
Recent projects.
In the last eight years he has been busy with his ad agency named Green Apple and focused on commercials for MRF Tyres and Nippo. He is currently hosting "Naalaya Iyakkunar" in "Kalaignar TV".
Pratap has his Facebook fan page through which he interacts with his fans, and the fan page also has pictures from his film days.
Awards.
His first National Film Award was the Indira Gandhi Award for Best First Film of a Director for the film "Meendum Oru Kaathal Kathai".

</doc>
<doc id="20674763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674763" title="Jack Voigt">
Jack Voigt

John David Voigt (born May 17, 1966 in Sarasota, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of seven seasons in the majors, from until , for the Baltimore Orioles, Texas Rangers, Milwaukee Brewers, and Oakland Athletics. He currently works in the New York Mets organization as their outfield/baserunning coordinator.
Since his playing career ended in , Voigt has continued to work in minor league baseball as a coach, instructor, and manager. In , he managed the Frederick Keys, a team in the Orioles farm system. He was originally hired by the Mets in as a scout. From until , Voigt served as hitting coach for the New Orleans Zephyrs, Brooklyn Cyclones and Buffalo Bisons. He was named to the position of outfield/baserunning coordinator on February 21, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20674766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674766" title="Purple-lined wrasse">
Purple-lined wrasse

The purple-lined wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus lineatus", is a species of wrasse native to coral reefs of New Caledonia and Australia, where it can be found at depths from . This species can reach a total length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674779" title="Pariyapuram">
Pariyapuram

References.
Near by Perinthalmanna

</doc>
<doc id="20674784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674784" title="Lubbock's wrasse">
Lubbock's wrasse

Lubbock's wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus lubbocki", is a species of wrasse native to coral reefs of the Philippines and the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia, though it also has been claimed to be present in Malaysia, Japan, and Palau. It can be found at depths from , though rarely deeper than . This species can reach a total length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674787" title="Artinian ideal">
Artinian ideal

In abstract algebra, an Artinian ideal, named after Emil Artin, is encountered in ring theory, in particular, with polynomial rings.
Given a polynomial ring "R" = "k"["X"1, ... "X""n"] where "k" is some field, an Artinian ideal is an ideal "I" in "R" for which the Krull dimension of the quotient ring "R"/"I" is 0. Also, less precisely, one can think of an Artinian ideal as one that has at least each indeterminate in "R" raised to a power greater than 0 as a generator. 
If an ideal is not Artinian, one can take the Artinian closure of it as follows. First, take the least common multiple of the generators of the ideal. Second, add to the generating set of the ideal each indeterminate of the LCM with its power increased by 1 if the power is not 0 to begin with. An example is below.
Examples.
Let formula_1, and let formula_2 and formula_3. Here, formula_4 and formula_5 are Artinian ideals, but formula_6 is not because in formula_6, the indeterminate formula_8 does not appear alone to a power as a generator. 
To take the Artinian closure of formula_6, formula_10, we find the LCM of the generators of formula_6, which is formula_12. Then, we add the generators formula_13, and formula_14 to formula_6, and reduce. Thus, we have formula_16 which is Artinian.

</doc>
<doc id="20674790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674790" title="Carpathian (goat)">
Carpathian (goat)

The Carpathian goat breed from southeastern Europe (including Romania and Poland) is used for the production of meat and milk.
Sources.
Carpathian Goat

</doc>
<doc id="20674793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674793" title="Fenner Hills">
Fenner Hills

The Fenner Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in eastern San Bernardino County, southern California.
They are located within the southeastern corner of Mojave National Preserve, and are east of the Providence Mountains, near the junction of Goffs and Lanfair Roads.
They run perpendicular to Interstate 40 and historic Route 66 to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20674797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674797" title="Blueside wrasse">
Blueside wrasse

The blueside wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus cyanopleura", is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is found on reefs in schools swimming above the bottom. It occurs at depths from , most often between . This species can reach a standard length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674801" title="Fish Creek Mountains (California)">
Fish Creek Mountains (California)

The Fish Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Imperial County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20674803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674803" title="Fletcher Hills">
Fletcher Hills

The Fletcher Hills are a low mountain range in the Peninsular Ranges, in southwestern San Diego County, California.
The name Fletcher Hills also refers to a neighborhood near San Diego, California which lies primarily in the city of El Cajon and partially in La Mesa. The area was developed in 1927-1928 by San Diego developer Ed Fletcher.

</doc>
<doc id="20674807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674807" title="Red Mountain Expressway Cut">
Red Mountain Expressway Cut

The Red Mountain Expressway Cut, also known as the Red Mountain Geological Cut, is a section of Red Mountain that was blasted and removed in the 1960s to allow the Red Mountain Expressway to enter downtown Birmingham, Alabama. This highway links Birmingham with its southern suburbs of Homewood, Mountain Brook, and Vestavia Hills. It has spurred suburban growth towards the south of Birmingham. This section also provides the route for US Highway 31 (US 31) to the south (the Montgomery Highway) and US 280 to the southeast. 
The resultant cut exposes geological strata spanning millions of years (150 million years of geological time within of exposure), including the red ore seam that spurred Birmingham's development. A new species of Lower Silurian (middle Llandovery epoch) phacopsid trilobite, "Acaste birminghamensis", was first collected from exposures on Red Mountain. Named for the city, the new species was published in May 1972.
The cut was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1987.
Proposed tunnel.
One of the original ideas proposed for linking Birmingham to its southern neighbors was the Red Mountain Tunnel project. This was seriously considered by the city and state highway engineers. Two alternate routes were proposed, one starting at 18th Street and the other from 22nd Street. Eventually the tunnel idea was abandoned due to its high cost and extended amount of time it would have taken. The Red Mountain Expressway Cut was built instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20674813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674813" title="Flynn Hills">
Flynn Hills

The Flynn Hills are a mountain range in Mendocino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20674817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674817" title="Orangeback fairy-wrasse">
Orangeback fairy-wrasse

The orangeback fairy-wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus aurantidorsalis", is a species of wrasse endemic to the Pacific waters of Indonesia. It inhabits coral reefs and can be found at depths from . This species can reach a total length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674820" title="Moufang polygon">
Moufang polygon

In mathematics, a Moufang polygon, named after Ruth Moufang, is an irreducible building of rank two that admits the action of root groups. 
In a major book on the topic, Tits and Weiss classify them all. An earlier theorem, proved independently by Tits and Weiss, showed that a Moufang polygon must be a generalized 3-gon, 4-gon, 6-gon, or 8-gon, so the purpose of the aforementioned book was to analyze these four cases.
Moufang 3-gons.
A Moufang 3-gon can be identified with the incidence graph of a Moufang projective plane. In this identification, the points and lines of the plane correspond to the vertices of the building.
Real forms of Lie groups give rise to examples which are the three main types of Moufang 3-gons. There are four real division algebras: the real numbers, the complex numbers, the quaternions, and the octonions, of dimensions 1,2,4 and 8, respectively. The projective plane over such a division algebra then gives rise to a Moufang 3-gon.
These projective planes correspond to the building attached to SL3(R), SL3(C), a real form of A5 and to a real form of E6, respectively.
In the first diagram the circled nodes represent 1-spaces and 2-spaces in a three-dimensional vector space. In the second diagram the circled nodes represent 1-space and 2-spaces in a 3-dimensional vector space over the quaternions, which in turn represent certain 2-spaces and 4-spaces in a 6-dimensional complex vector space, as expressed by the circled nodes in the A5 diagram. 
The fourth case — a form of E6 — is exceptional, and its analogue for Moufang 4-gons is a major feature of Weiss’s book. 
Going from the real numbers to an arbitrary field, Moufang 3-gons can be divided into three cases as above. The split case in the first diagram exists over any field. The second case extends to all associative, non-commutative division algebras; over the reals these are limited to the algebra of quaternions, which has degree 2 (and dimension 4), but some fields admit central division algebras of other degrees. 
The third case involves ‘alternative’ division algebras (which satisfy a weakened form of the associative law), and a theorem of Bruck and Kleinfeld shows that these are Cayley-Dickson algebras. This concludes the discussion of Moufang 3-gons.
Moufang 4-gons.
Moufang 4-gons are also called Moufang quadrangles.
The classification of Moufang 4-gons was the hardest of all, and when Tits and Weiss started to write it up, a hitherto unnoticed type came into being, arising from groups of type F4. They can be divided into three classes:
There is some overlap here, in the sense that some classical groups arising from pseudo-quadratic spaces can be obtained from quadrangular algebras (which Weiss calls special), but there are other, non-special ones. The most important of these arise from algebraic groups of types E6, E7, and E8. They are k-forms of algebraic groups belonging to the following diagrams:
E6
E7
E8
The E6 one exists over the real numbers, though the E7 and E8 ones do not. Weiss calls the quadrangular algebras in all these cases Weiss regular, but not special. 
There is a further type that he calls defective arising from groups of type F4. These are the most exotic of all—they involve purely inseparable field extensions in characteristic 2—and Weiss only discovered them during the joint work with Tits on the classification of Moufang 4-gons by investigating a strange lacuna that should not have existed but did. 
The classification of Moufang 4-gons by Tits and Weiss is related to their intriguing monograph in two ways. One is that the use of quadrangular algebras short-cuts some of the methods known before. The other is that the concept is an analogue to the octonion algebras, and quadratic Jordan division algebras of degree 3, that give rise to Moufang 3-gons and 6-gons. 
In fact all the exceptional Moufang planes, quadrangles, and hexagons that do not arise from "mixed groups" (of characteristic 2 for quadrangles or characteristic 3 for hexagons) come from octonions, quadrangular algebras, or Jordan algebras.
Moufang 6-gons.
Moufang 6-gons are also called Moufang hexagons. A classification of Moufang 6-gons was stated by Tits, though the details remained unproven until the joint work with Weiss on Moufang Polygons.
Moufang 8-gons.
Moufang 8-gons are also called Moufang octagons. They were classified by Tits, where he showed that they all arise from Ree groups of type ²F₄.
Quadrangular algebras.
A potential use for quadrangular algebras is to analyze two open questions. One is the Kneser-Tits conjecture that concerns the full group of linear transformations of a building (e.g. GL"n") factored out by the subgroup generated by root groups (e.g. SL"n").
The conjecture is proved for all Moufang buildings except the 6-gons and 4-gons of type E8, in which case the group of linear transformations is conjectured to be equal to the subgroup generated by root groups. For the E8 hexagons this can be rephrased as a question on quadratic Jordan algebras, and for the E8 quadrangles it can now be rephrased in terms of quadrangular algebras. 
Another open question about the E8 quadrangle concerns fields that are complete with respect to a discrete valuation: is there, in such cases, an affine building that yields the quadrangle as its structure at infinity?

</doc>
<doc id="20674828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674828" title="Four Brothers (mountain range)">
Four Brothers (mountain range)

The Four Brothers are a series of four mountain peaks in Del Norte County, California. All peaks are about a mile high the highest at 5310 ft. The southernmost peak contains an active fire lookout staffed by the USFS which can be accessed by Forest route 16N02A in the summer months. The peaks are known as Ship Mountain to locals and can be seen clearly from nearby Crescent City. During the winter season the area receives significant snowfall.

</doc>
<doc id="20674829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674829" title="Red-eye wrasse">
Red-eye wrasse

The red-eye wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus solorensis", is a species of wrasse native to Indonesia and Christmas Island, though claims have been made of a wider distribution. It inhabitscoral reefsat depths of . It can reach a total length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674836" title="Daniel Larsson (darts player)">
Daniel Larsson (darts player)

Daniel Larsson (born 9 June 1981) is a Swedish darts player who plays in British Darts Organisation events.
Career.
Larsson reached the semi final of the 2006 WDF Europe Cup, scoring wins over Tony O'Shea and Martin Phillips before losing to Niels de Ruiter. He then reached the final of the Sweden National Championship, losing to Alan Norris.
On 4 December 2008 Larsson qualified for the 2009 BDO World Darts Championship, winning one of five spots. He defeated Steve Farmer in the earlier rounds and then beat Paul Gibbs and Stephen Bunting to qualify. He was drawn against O'Shea in the first round and lost 3-0.

</doc>
<doc id="20674841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674841" title="Perakamanna">
Perakamanna


</doc>
<doc id="20674844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674844" title="Rosy-scales fairy-wrasse">
Rosy-scales fairy-wrasse

The rosy-scales fairy-wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus rubrisquamis", is a species of wrasse native to the western Indian Ocean islands of the Maldives and the Chagos Archipelago. It is found on coral reefs at depths between . It can reach a standard length of . This species is found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674846" title="Frederick Ayer">
Frederick Ayer

Frederick Ayer (born December 8, 1822, Ledyard, Connecticut; died March 14, 1918, Thomasville, Georgia) was an American businessman and the younger brother of patent medicine tycoon Dr. James Cook Ayer. He graduated from The Hill School. In addition to his involvement in the patent medicine business, he is better known for his work in the textile industry. After buying the Tremont and Suffolk mills in Lowell, Massachusetts, he bought up many textile operations in nearby Lawrence, combining them in 1899 into the American Woolen Company, of which he was the first president. He was involved in other businesses of the time as well, such as being the co-founder of the Arctic Coal Company . He died on March 14, 1918, in Thomasville, Georgia, and is interred at Lowell Cemetery.
His home in Lowell is now the , a Catholic school, and the Frederick Ayer Mansion on Commonwealth Avenue in Boston, Massachusetts is a National Historic Landmark.
Ayer's first wife was Cornelia Wheaton (1835–1878), daughter of Charles Augustus Wheaton and Ellen Birdseye. They married on December 15, 1858 and Cornelia's mother died the following day. The couple had four children: Ellen Wheaton Ayer (1859–1951), James Cook Ayer (1862–1939), Charles Fanning Ayer (1865–1956) and Louise Raynor Ayer (1876–1878). 
Daughter Ellen married American Woolen Company's William Madison Wood.
After Cornelia's death, Ayer married Ellen Barrows Banning (1853–1918) in 1884. They had three children: Beatrice Banning Ayer (1886–1953), Frederick Ayer (1888–1969) and Mary Katherine "Kay" Ayer (1890–1981).
Daughter Beatrice married future World War II general George S. Patton.
His nephew, J.C. Ayer's son, was also Frederick Ayer. Frederick Fanning Ayer, born in 1851, became a lawyer and philanthropist, and was director or stockholder of many corporations.

</doc>
<doc id="20674848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674848" title="Perumpadappa">
Perumpadappa


</doc>
<doc id="20674851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674851" title="Peruvallur">
Peruvallur

Calicut International Airport is near to peruvallur and kondotty and chemmad are the nearest towns .Peruvallur have lot of schools, primary hospitals, and industries .

</doc>
<doc id="20674852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674852" title="Ponmala">
Ponmala


</doc>
<doc id="20674854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674854" title="Thul Taluka">
Thul Taluka

Thul is an administrative subdivision of Jacobabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The subdivision is administratively subdivided into 24 Union Councils, two of which form the capital, Thul. Thul is one of the densely populated Taluka of District Jacobabad, spreading over 317,520 acres. It consists on about half of population of the whole District and its population is approximately 356,705. There are 19 Union Councils and 96 Dehs in this Taluka. The Head quarter of this Taluka is situated about 33 km in the east side of District Head Quarter and connected with rail & road with other parts such as KandhKot, Shikarpur and Baluchistan province.
Religion.
Islam 
Hinduism 
Others.
Hindus mainly concentrated in the urban areas.
Languages.
Sindhi, Balochi, Siraki and others. Sindhi and Balochi are important languages for communication in the area.
Transport.
Thul is located corner of three districts of Sindh, Jacobabad, Shikarpur and Kandhkot/Kashmore. Round about one hour journey to each district headquarter of the cities. 
Rail:
Thul Railway Station is located outside of the Thul city approximately three km. It connects the city of Thul to Jacobabad and Kandhkot. 
BY Road:
Thul is connected via road to most major Pakistani cities such as Karachi connecting link road to National Highway at Hamayun area, Punjab, Islamabad, Peshwar, Gilgit Balistan, AJK and others via connecting Indus Highway at Kandhkot and Quetta connecting through National Highway at Jacobabad.
Important Crops.
More than 85% of population of Thul is connected with agriculture or allied professions. Paddy, wheat and barley are the important crops of Thul. Thul has a notable rice market.
Geographical Location of Taluka Thul is as under.
Lat: 28.2333, Lat (DMS): 28° 13' 60N,
Long: 68.7667, Long (DMS): 68° 46' 0E
Altitude (feet): 196, Altitude (meters): 59.
Tribes in Taluka Thul.
Sarki,Banglani,Marri,Noonari,Kanrani,Bhangar,Burira,Khosa,Jamali,Bugti,Dasti,Jaffari,Brohi,Daya,Kori,soomro.channa
References.
major caste soomra

</doc>
<doc id="20674855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674855" title="Kantō kubō">
Kantō kubō

After Motouji, all the "kubō" wanted power over the whole country. The "Kantō kubō" era is therefore essentially a struggle for the shogunate between the Kamakura and the Kyoto branches of the Ashikaga clan. In the end, Kamakura had to be retaken by force by troops from Kyoto. The five "kubō" recorded by history, all of Motouji's bloodline, were in order Motouji himself, Ujimitsu, Mitsukane, Mochiuji and Shigeuji.
Birth of the "Kantō kubō".
In 1349 Takauji called Yoshiakira to Kyoto replacing him with one of his sons, Motouji, to whom he gave the title of "Kantō kanrei", or Kantō deputy. At first the territory under his rule, known as Kamakura-fu, included the eight Kantō provinces (the ), plus Kai and Izu. Later, Kantō Kubō Ashikaga Ujimitsu was given by the shogunate as a reward for his military support the two huge provinces of Mutsu and Dewa.
The shogun's deputy in the Kantō region had the vital task to keep it under control. Structurally, his government was a small-scale version of Kyoto's shogunate and had full judiciary and executive powers. Because the "kanrei" was the son of the shogun, ruled the Kantō and controlled the military there, the area was usually called Kamakura Bakufu (Kamakura Shogunate), and Motouji or Kamakura/Kantō Gosho, an equivalent title. When later the habit of calling "kubō" the shogun spread from Kyoto to the Kantō, the ruler of Kamakura came to be called "Kamakura Kubō". The "Kanrei" title was passed on to the Uesugi hereditary "shitsuji". The first time the title appears in writing is in a 1382 entry of a document called , under second "Kubō" Ujimitsu. This term had been first adopted by Ashikaga Takauji himself, and its use therefore implied equality to the shogun. In fact, sometimes the "Kanto Kubō" was called Kantō Shogun.
Instability of the Kantō region.
This inherently unstable double-headed power structure was made even more problematic by the continuous display of independence of the Kantō region. Kamakura had just been conquered and its desire of independence was still strong. Also, many of the Ashikaga in Kamakura had been supporters of the shogun's dead brother Ashikaga Tadayoshi and resented Takauji's rule. Consequently, after Motouji's death, Kamakura made clear it didn't want to be ruled by Kyoto. The intentions of the Kantō Ashikaga were made crystal clear by their confiscation of the "Ashikaga-no-shō": the family piece of land in Shimotsuke province that had given the name to the clan. 
Second "kubō" Ujimitsu and his descendants tried to expand their influence, causing a series of incidents. By the time of third shogun Yoshimitsu, the Kamakura branch of the Ashikaga clan was regarded with suspicion. Tension continued to mount until it came to a head between sixth shogun Yoshinori and fourth "kubō" Mochiuji. Mochiuji had hoped to succeed Ashikaga Yoshimochi as shogun and was disappointed by seeing Yoshinori rob him of the post. To express his displeasure, he refused to use the new shogun's era name ("nengō"). In 1439 Yoshinori sent his army to the Kantō, and Mochiuji was defeated and forced to kill himself. 
In 1449 Kyoto made one last effort to make the system work. Shigeuji, last descendant of Motouji, was nominated "Kantō kubō" and sent to Kamakura. The relationship between him and the Uesugi was strained from the beginning and culminated with Shigeuji's killing of Uesugi Noritada, a murder that made the Kantō province fall into chaos. (See also the article Kyōtoku Incident.) In 1455 Shigeuji was deposed by Kyoto forces and had to escape to Koga in Shimōsa Province, from where he directed a rebellion against the shogunate. This was the end of the "Kantō kubō". The title would survive, but effective power would be in the hands of the Uesugi. 
Because he no longer was "Kantō kubō", Shigeuji now called himself "Koga kubō". In 1457, eighth shogun Ashikaga Yoshimasa sent his younger brother Masatomo with an army to pacify Kantō, but Masatomo was unable to even enter Kamakura. This was the beginning of an era in which the Kantō and Kamakura were devastated by a series of civil wars called the Sengoku period.
The Kantō "kubō"'s residence in Kamakura.
At the location of the former "Kantō kubō" residence in Kamakura stands a black memorial stele, whose inscription reads:
"After Minamoto no Yoritomo founded his shogunate, Ashikaga Yoshikane made this place his residence. His descendants also resided here for well over 200 years thereafter. After Ashikaga Takauji became shogun and moved to Kyoto, his son and second shogun Yoshiakira decided to also live there. Yoshiakira's younger brother Motouji then became "Kantō kanrei" and commanded his army from here. This became a tradition for all of the Ashikaga that followed. They, after Kyoto's fashion, gave themselves the title "kubō". In 1455 "kubō" Ashikaga Shigeuji, after clashing with Uesugi Noritada, moved to Ibaraki's Shimōsa and the residence was demolished. 
Erected in March 1918 by the Kamakurachō Seinendan"
The stele is at Jōmyōji 4-2-25, near Nijinohashi Bridge. 
It is near the bottom of an extremely narrow valley, and therefore easily defensible. The nearby Asaina Pass guaranteed an easy escape in a siege. According to the "Shinpen Kamakurashi", a guide book published in 1685, more than two centuries later after Shigeuji's escape, the spot where the kubō's mansion had been was left empty by local peasants in the hope he may return.

</doc>
<doc id="20674856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674856" title="Ponmundam">
Ponmundam

Ponmundam is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala, India. Malappuram-Tirur state highway passes through this area. This is a Muslim dominated area.This was a part of the Vettathunad kingdom in medieval times.The name 'PONMUNDAM' was given by MAMBURAM THANGAL,he had a strong relationship with ponmundam.He married a girl from "Neduvanchery Family".('AYESHA',her funeral is there inside the makk'am to the left side of the entrance, written 'Ayesha Malabaria Ponmundam' who was the sister of chief cammander of "CHEROOR PADA", Mr. Saidalavi Neduvanchery ),and the story goes like this, that time most of people in this village where poor,Thangal told that this village will become a PONMUNDAM that means 'LAND OF RICHNESS'.
Ponmundam Mahallu Juma Masjid situates near the state highway road,Now VTS Hashim Thangal is the kazi of Ponmundam, And his late father VTS kunju Thangal and VTS Thangal (Cheruthu Thangal) was a great leader for ponmundam, he was khatib of ponmundam, he was the ruler of ponmundam mahllu,was the president SYS tanur mnadalam committee, and Kazhi family in 500 years old in ponmundam, Main educational institutions are Ponmundam High School and some private institutes. Ponmundam Islamic Centre leads a main role in its social activities. Currently most of the natives are working in Gulf regions, mainly Al Ain and other parts of UAE.99.99% leads bachelor life in gulf regions as they are low-salaried. Main agricultural products are coconut, arecanut & betel leaf. Arecanut and betel leaves are exporting to North India & Pakistan through nearest local markets like Thalakkadathur and Pan Bazar(Tirur) respectively via rail and road. Before 15 years this area had a lot of paddy fields, later it is land filled for housing purpose more over nowadays agriculture is a failed business.
This area can boast the presence of two famous football clubs namely PRC and OSP which played a vital role in the sports history of this locality. 
This village have a moderate educational back ground, most of the natives high school completed, but women education is still in its primitive state.
In the horizon of Arabic printing media, specially for Arabic Colleges and Islamic publications this village have given a great contribution through & Al Aman Kitab Bhavan based on'Al Huda Bookstall' Calicut and Al Jalal from Tirur. Palace Hotel near Tirur Railway Station is a nostalgic memory of old railway travellers, which also hails from this village. Now this hereditory taste extend to KAVERY RESTAURANT at Surya Complex, TB Road, Palakkad.
Politically, this village support left and right parties depending current situations and some time it shows some religious cult bias also. Any how, for Legislative and Parliament elections it support mainly Indian Union Muslim League.
And moreover all these Ponmundam is led by kazi family. Now VTS Hashim Thangal is the kazi of Ponmundam, And his late father VTS kunju Thangal and VTS Thangal (Cheruthu Thangal) was a great leader for ponmundam, he was khatib of ponmundam juma masjid and died on 26/3/2009

</doc>
<doc id="20674858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674858" title="Pulikkal">
Pulikkal

Proposed Karipur-Kondotty Municipality.
The proposed Karipur-Kondotty Municipality comprises:
Total Area: 122.99 km2
Total Population (1991 Census): 152,839

</doc>
<doc id="20674862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674862" title="Pullipadam">
Pullipadam

Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Pullipadam had a population of 9214 with 4545 males and 4669 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20674863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674863" title="Pulpatta">
Pulpatta


</doc>
<doc id="20674864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674864" title="Rhomboid wrasse">
Rhomboid wrasse

The rhomboid wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus rhomboidalis", is a species of wrasse endemic to the Marshall Islands, where it is only known from Kwajalein Atoll. It inhabits coral reefs down to . This species can reach a total length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20674866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674866" title="Purathur">
Purathur


</doc>
<doc id="20674868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674868" title="Puzhakkattiri">
Puzhakkattiri


</doc>
<doc id="20674870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674870" title="Talakkad">
Talakkad

Demographics.
KL-55 is the RTO vehicle registration code pf Talakkad Panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20674873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674873" title="Tanalur">
Tanalur

Demographics.
Visit For More Informations : [http://www.tanalur.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="20674876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674876" title="Tazhekkod">
Tazhekkod

Demographics.
Thazekode was once the control of Nedungadies, the Nedunganad Rajas under Chera Kings. Later on captured by Valluvanad Rajas and Zamorin Rajas respectively. This place is situated at the foothill of Amminikadan Mala(mountain). The National High Way No. 213 is passing through it. The western portion of Thazhekode is known us Vallamkurisi, connected to the name of Valluvanad Rajas. Most of the landed property was in the holding of Pallasseri Moothamans, a title adorned by a branch of Nedungadies. After defeat of Valluvand, zamoorin raja gave the control of this place to his chief Kotharayans, the second sthani of Kuthiravattathu Thampans. The place was famous for rice, hill produce, and forest products. Muslim families like Cholamukath, Vallooran, Nellayaputhan Peedikakkal, Valiya Peedikakal, Nalakath Madathil, Eduvammal, Kapoor, Puthoor, are all famous for their wisdom and rich contributions for development of the place.

</doc>
<doc id="20674880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674880" title="Tennala">
Tennala

References.
www.facebook.com/Thennela/

</doc>
<doc id="20674881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674881" title="Whip-fin wrasse">
Whip-fin wrasse

The whip-fin wrasse (so named for the long filament extending from the top of the dorsal fin), "Cirrhilabrus filamentosus", is a species of wrasse endemic to Indonesia, where it is only known from the waters of the Java Sea. This species inhabits reefs and can be found at depths from . It can reach in total length.

</doc>
<doc id="20674883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674883" title="Fry Mountains">
Fry Mountains

The Fry Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20674886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674886" title="Tiruvali">
Tiruvali


</doc>
<doc id="20674888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674888" title="Tuvvur">
Tuvvur

Nilambur is very near from here.

</doc>
<doc id="20674894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674894" title="Yellowfin fairy-wrasse">
Yellowfin fairy-wrasse

The yellowfin fairy-wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus flavidorsalis", is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean from Indonesia to the Philippines and Palau. It inhabits coral reefs, living in groups among the branches of branching coral. It can be found at depths from , though rsrely deeper than . This species can reach a total length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20674897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674897" title="Trikkalangode">
Trikkalangode


</doc>
<doc id="20674901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674901" title="Cirrhilabrus lyukyuensis">
Cirrhilabrus lyukyuensis

Cirrhilabrus lyukyuensis is a Wrasse from the Eastern Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20674902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674902" title="Triprangode">
Triprangode


</doc>
<doc id="20674904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674904" title="Urakam">
Urakam

Urkam
References.
Urakam is also a Village name in Thrissur District of Kerala

</doc>
<doc id="20674905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674905" title="Urangattiri">
Urangattiri


</doc>
<doc id="20674907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674907" title="Vadakkangara">
Vadakkangara


</doc>
<doc id="20674909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674909" title="Valambur">
Valambur


</doc>
<doc id="20674911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674911" title="Valavannur">
Valavannur


</doc>
<doc id="20674915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674915" title="Vallikkunnu">
Vallikkunnu

Demographics.
It comes under Thirurangadi thaluk.The northern boundary is kadalundi river and southern side with parappanangadi panchyath.The village has a costal line of 8 kilometers with arabian sea in the west.The east is covered with Chelembra, Tenhipalam and Moonniyoor Panchayths.
History.
Vallikunnu Panchayath came into existence in 1962. Vallikunnu got its name after the river "Valliyar", which flowed encompassing the hilly area. This gramam got place in many old literatures of Kerala. Ullur S Parameswara Iyer mentioned in his great work "Kerala Sahithya Charithram", that the "Valli Gramam" referred in "Basha Naishadam Chambu" of Mazhmangalam is Vallikunnu Desam. This Desam was under the administration of the Royal Family of Parappanad. The Monarchy of Parappanad kingdom led to the development of this village. The Head Quarters of Parappanad Kovilakam was in Neduva village of Parappanangadi panchayath. We can see Remains of Parappanad palace, Oottupura, and Kolappura in Neduva village. For administration purpose this place had been divided into five "Tharakoottangal" by the rulers. This tharakoottangal was centered on Siva temples. These Tharakoottams are: 1. Vallikunnu(Thekkil SivaTemple) 2. Mannur( Mannur Siva Temple) 3. Chelembra (Elannummal Siva Temple) 4. Thenhipalam(Pappannur Siva Temple) 5. Vennayoor(Vennayoor Siva Temple)
According to some historians, ancestors of Velu Thampi Dalava belong to Vallikunnu, and later they migrated to Tiruvithamkur. The old port named 'Thindis 'belongs to vallikunnu. Now the place is known as Kadalundi Nagaram. It is to be believed that the birthplace of A.R. Raja Raja Varma, the famous Malayalam Pandit was in vallikunnu.
Places Of Interest.
Azhimugham
This is in the northern end of Vallikkunnu panchayath where the Kadalundi river joins the arabian 
sea.This place is famous for seasonal birds which come from several places during the whole year,and area is also famous for Kandalkadu.This has become a place for sight seeing after the opening of kadalundi kadavu bridge.
Niramkaithakkotta Temple
Niram Kaitha Kotta Temple is an important pilgrim centre of Malabar.The Ayyappa temple is thought to be about thousand years of old. The temple is one among the most important Dharma Sastha temple of Malabar region. The Pattulsavam in every Makaram (a month in Kolla varsham) performs in the premise of this temple with special rituals and ‘Seeveli’. So many monkeys are living near this temple. The well which provides the holy water (theertham) to the temple also have some special features. The holy water from this well which never dry or overflow is believed that the water is from the holy river Ganges. The water in the well never gets sunlight. There is a way to this under ground well from inside the temple for collecting the holy water by the priest. 
A few many feets higher than this temple the famous Mekkotta Bhagavathi Temple situates on the top of the hill. One will feel how the beauty and solitude provides mental relax when stay here for worship. 
The vast area around this temple provides the scope for forestation. The peak of the hill and the river which flows round the hill is a really beautiful sight. The beauty, elegance and the peacefulness of this area has the scope of developing into a shooting location and a tourist centre. 
The armory and training centre of Parappanadu Kingdom was situated in the place where Mekkotta Bhagavathy Temple now exists. The remains like tunnels and trenches seen around Mekkotta Temple are evidences for this. According to some historians, ancestors of Velu Thampi Dalava belong to Vallikunnu, and later they migrated to Tiruvithamkur.

</doc>
<doc id="20674917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674917" title="Khairpur Taluka">
Khairpur Taluka

Khairpur Taluka is an administrative subdivision of Khairpur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, it is administratively subdivided into 24 Union Councils one of which form the capital, Khairpur.
References.
Piryaloi town distance from 20 KM Khairpur city

</doc>
<doc id="20674918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674918" title="Yellow-brown wrasse">
Yellow-brown wrasse

The yellow-brown wrasse, "Thalassoma lutescens", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans, where they are found from Sri Lanka to the Hawaiian Islands and from southern Japan to Australia. An inhabitant of coral reefs, it occurs in schools at depths from . It can reach in total length. This species is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674930" title="Thakara">
Thakara

Thakara (1980) is a Malayalam film directed by Bharathan and written by Padmarajan. It stars Prathap Pothan, Surekha, Nedumudi Venu and K. G. Menon in pivotal roles.
Plot.
Thakara (Prathap Pothan) is an orphan. He is mentally immatured but clean hearted. He has a close relationship with Subhashini (Surekha), the dream girl of the village. Thakara was betrayed by the words of Chellappanashari (Nedumudi Venu) and indulges in a physical relationship with Subhashini. Subhashini's father Mathu Mooppan (K. G. Menon) finds out their relation and beats Thakara unconscious. Thakara, fully filled with revenge on Mooppan, runs away. Once he earns enough money to buy a knife, he returns and kills Mooppan. Subhashini refuses to go with Thakara, who proposes her after killing her father. With no way to escape, Thakara finds his end in front of a running train.

</doc>
<doc id="20674931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674931" title="Goldbar wrasse">
Goldbar wrasse

The goldbar wrasse, "Thalassoma hebraicum", is a species of wrasse native to the western Indian Ocean, where it inhabits reef environments at depths from . This species can grow to in total length. It is a target of local traditional fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674935" title="Vazhakkad">
Vazhakkad

Educational institutions.
GLPS vettathoor]
Rasheediyya Arabic college edavannappara]
CH memorial English medium school]
Mina AMUP school,Cheruvayoor
Demographics.
kanniyath ahmed musliyar n.m
former president of samastha kerala jamiyyathul ulama and agreat Islamic scholar, more than five lakhs people gathered for pray when ustad died 1993 at vazhakkad
PA jabbar haji elamaram
president of kondotty block panchayath and member of iuml state committee

</doc>
<doc id="20674944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674944" title="Vazhayur">
Vazhayur

Proposed Karipur-Kondotty Municipality.
The proposed Karipur-Kondotty Municipality comprises:
Total Area: 122.99 km2
Total Population (1991 Census): 152,839

</doc>
<doc id="20674945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674945" title="Jansen's wrasse">
Jansen's wrasse

Jansen's wrasse, "Thalassoma jansenii", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is a reef inhabitant, preferring rocky areas, and can be found at depths from . This species can grow to in total length. Like many other coral reef wrasses, this species swims actively over the reef using solely their pectoral fins for thrust (known as labriform locomotion). It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674948" title="Veliyankode">
Veliyankode


</doc>
<doc id="20674951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674951" title="Vellayur">
Vellayur


</doc>
<doc id="20674952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674952" title="Vettattur">
Vettattur

Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Vettathur had a population of 31,335.
It is a gramapanchayath in Malappuram and includes Vettathur and Karyavattam villages and the areas of Kappu Thelakkad Mannarmala and Shanthapuram.

</doc>
<doc id="20674955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674955" title="Vettikkattiri">
Vettikkattiri


</doc>
<doc id="20674957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674957" title="Fivestripe wrasse">
Fivestripe wrasse

The fivestripe wrasse, "Thalassoma quinquevittatum", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is an inhabitant of coral reefs in quite shallow water of in depth. It seems to particularly like areas with surge channels, plentiful algal growth, and "Acropora" coral plates. It can reach in total length. This species can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674958" title="Vettilappara">
Vettilappara


</doc>
<doc id="20674959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674959" title="Vettom">
Vettom

Vettom is a local body of Kerala government and also village in the Malappuram district, India. It was part of the Vettattnad kingdom in medieval times. Vettom gram panjayath is surrounded by water on all borders. Those are Tirur ponnani river and canoli canal.

</doc>
<doc id="20674966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674966" title="Alanallur-I">
Alanallur-I

Alanallur-I or simply Alanallur is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Together with Alanallur-II and Alanallur-III, it comes under the administration of the Alanallur gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20674968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674968" title="Alanallur-II">
Alanallur-II


</doc>
<doc id="20674973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674973" title="Gomphosus varius">
Gomphosus varius

The bird wrasse, "Gomphosus varius", is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It occurs on coral reefs at depths from . This species can reach a standard length of . It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20674980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674980" title="Alanallur-III">
Alanallur-III


</doc>
<doc id="20674985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674985" title="Kingri">
Kingri

Kingri is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located at 27°34'50N 68°36'50E with an altitude of 50 metres (167 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20674988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674988" title="Ambalapara-I">
Ambalapara-I

Ambalapara-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It comes under the Ambalapara gram panchayat, along with Ambalapara-II, and is a part of the Ottappallam taluk.

</doc>
<doc id="20674991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674991" title="Ambalapara-II">
Ambalapara-II

Ambalapara-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It comes under the Ambalapara gram panchayat, along with Ambalapara-I, and is a part of the Ottappallam taluk.

</doc>
<doc id="20674992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674992" title="Ananganadi">
Ananganadi


</doc>
<doc id="20674995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674995" title="Ayiloor">
Ayiloor


</doc>
<doc id="20674999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20674999" title="Chalavara">
Chalavara

It is the location of the K. T. N. College of Pharmacy.

</doc>
<doc id="20675001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675001" title="Charnequeira">
Charnequeira

The Charnequeira goat breed from Portugal is used for the production of meat and milk. It is normally of a red coloration.
Sources.
Charnequeira Goat

</doc>
<doc id="20675002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675002" title="Grapevine Hills">
Grapevine Hills

The Grapevine Hills are a low mountain range within Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in the Colorado Desert, in eastern San Diego County, southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675007" title="Pink flasher">
Pink flasher

The pink flasher, "Paracheilinus carpenteri", is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean. It can be found on reefs at depths from . This species can reach in standard length. It can be found in the aquarium trade.
As with other members of this genus, the "flashing" mating behaviour involves short, quick dashes through the water column by the male whilst concomitantly flaring its fins and intensifying in colour in the presence of females - this behaviour commonly takes place starting from a secure place near reef rocks or the sand bed, "flashing" in the water column, and then returning to the point of origination; this display is thought to attract females and/or stimulate mating. Flashing is much less common in the absence of females, and is considered very visually desirable by many aquarists.
Etymology.
The species is named in honor of Dr. Kent E. Carpenter of Old Dominion University, who was the principal collector of the type specimens.
Aquarium keeping.
It regularly makes its way into the aquarium trade under the name "Carpenter's flasher wrasse." It is generally considered to be one of the easier wrasses to keep in captivity, adapting quickly to a fairly indiscriminate carnivorous diet. It is considered "reef-safe" in the aquarium as it does not attack or harass invertebrates or nibble at coral polyps. 

</doc>
<doc id="20675014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675014" title="Chittur (village)">
Chittur (village)


</doc>
<doc id="20675019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675019" title="Elappully-I">
Elappully-I


</doc>
<doc id="20675020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675020" title="Gravel Hills">
Gravel Hills

The Gravel Hills are a low mountain range in the central Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California.
They are located northeast of Barstow, and northeast of Kramers Junction. The hills are in a Bureau of Land Management administered area.

</doc>
<doc id="20675022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675022" title="Elappully-II">
Elappully-II

Elappully-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Elappully gram panchayat, along with Elappully-I.

</doc>
<doc id="20675024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675024" title="Elavancherry">
Elavancherry


</doc>
<doc id="20675026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675026" title="Erimayur-I">
Erimayur-I

Erimayur-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Together with Erimayur-II, it forms Erimayur gram panchayat

</doc>
<doc id="20675027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675027" title="McCosker's flasher">
McCosker's flasher

McCosker's flasher, "Paracheilinus mccoskeri", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is a reef inhabitant, at depths from , and can grow to in total length. It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675032" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Alaska">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Alaska

The National Natural Landmarks in Alaska include 16 of the almost 600 National Natural Landmarks (NNLs) in the United States. They cover areas of geological and biological importance, and include craters, volcanoes, glaciers, lakes, islands and habitats for several rare species. The first set of five designations was made in 1967, while the most recent were made when two new sites were designated in 1976. Six landmarks are found within the Unorganized Borough, while the rest are located in organized boroughs; Aleutians East Borough holds the most, with four. Natural Landmarks in Alaska range from in size. Owners include private individuals and several state and federal agencies.
The National Natural Landmarks Program is administered by the National Park Service, a branch of the Department of the Interior. The National Park Service determines which properties meet NNL criteria and, after notifying the owners, makes nomination recommendations. The Secretary of the Interior reviews nominations and, based on a set of predetermined criteria, makes a decision on NNL designation or a determination of eligibility for designation. Both public and privately owned properties can be designated as NNLs. Owners may object to the nomination of the property as a NNL. This designation provides indirect, partial protection of the historic integrity of the properties via tax incentives, grants, monitoring of threats, and other means.

</doc>
<doc id="20675034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675034" title="Erimayur-II">
Erimayur-II


</doc>
<doc id="20675035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675035" title="Eruthempathy">
Eruthempathy

Demographics.
There are two rivers close by - the Korayar and Varattayar - but today they are dry due to deforestation and misuse of land. The Kerala Water Authority decided to help Eruthempathy and neighboring villages with their water issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20675037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675037" title="Sustain (disambiguation)">
Sustain (disambiguation)

Sustain is a parameter of musical sound in time.
Sustain may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20675038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675038" title="Kadampazhipuram-I">
Kadampazhipuram-I


</doc>
<doc id="20675041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675041" title="Hala Taluka">
Hala Taluka

Hala Taluka is an administrative subdivision, (taluka), of Matiari District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
References.
Identified Mr. Noukhez Ali Memon From HANDS Matiari LSBE
Name of Government High Schools in Taluks Hala
Makhdoom Ghulam Hyder Hala New
Government Boys High Schools II
Government Girls High Schools Hala New
Shaheed Mohammad Aslam Hala Old
Government Girls High Schools Hala Old
Government Boys High Schools Bhanoth
Government Girls High Schools Bhanoth
Government Boys High Schools Saeed Khan Leghari 
Government Boys High Schools Bhit Shah
Government Girls High Schools Bhit Shah
Government Boys High Schools Mansoorah 
Government Boys High Schools Karam khan Nizamani

</doc>
<doc id="20675042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675042" title="Kevin Huber">
Kevin Huber

Kevin J. Huber (born July 16, 1985) is an American football punter for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Cincinnati, and was twice recognized as an All-American. He was considered one of the top punter prospects in his class, and was drafted in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft by the Bengals.
Early years.
Huber was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He attended Archbishop McNicholas High School in Cincinnati, and played for the McNicholas Rockets high school football team. He was a three-time all-conference selection and was named the Greater Catholic League's Punter of the Year following his junior and senior seasons.
College career.
Huber attended the University of Cincinnati, where he played for the Cincinnati Bearcats football team from 2005 to 2008. As a junior in 2007, and again as a senior in 2008, he was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American.
Professional career.
The Cincinnati Bengals selected Huber in the fifth round (142nd overall pick) of the 2009 NFL Draft, and he has played for the Bengals since the season. In four years with the Bengals through 2012, he has played 64 games and averaged 44.0 yards on 324 punts.
In week fifteen of against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Huber was blocked by Steelers linebacker Terence Garvin, which led to a fractured jaw. Afterwards, it was reported that Huber had also suffered a vertebrae fracture in his neck, and will miss the remainder of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20675044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675044" title="Kadampazhipuram-II">
Kadampazhipuram-II


</doc>
<doc id="20675046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675046" title="Eight-lined wrasse">
Eight-lined wrasse

The eight-lined wrasse, "Pseudocheilinus octotaenia", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans. It occurs on coral reefs at depths from , preferring to shelter in niches and caves. This species can grow to in standard length. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675050" title="Chengde Polled">
Chengde Polled

The Chengde Polled goat breed from northern Hebei Province in China is used for meat and cashmere wool production.
Sources.
Chengde Polled Goat

</doc>
<doc id="20675053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675053" title="Kairady">
Kairady


</doc>
<doc id="20675056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675056" title="Four-lined wrasse">
Four-lined wrasse

The four-lined wrasse, "Pseudocheilinus tetrataenia", is a species of wrasse native to the Pacific Ocean. It inhabits coral reefs at depths from . This species can grow to in total length. It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675057" title="Kallamala">
Kallamala

Kallamala is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is administrated by the Agali gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675058" title="Kannadi-I">
Kannadi-I


</doc>
<doc id="20675059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675059" title="Once a week">
Once a week

Once a week may refer to:
In literature
In television

</doc>
<doc id="20675060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675060" title="Kannadi-II">
Kannadi-II


</doc>
<doc id="20675061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675061" title="Gravel Range">
Gravel Range

The Gravel Range is a mountain range in Tuolumne County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675063" title="Kannambra-I">
Kannambra-I

Kannambra-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Kannambra gram panchayat, together with Kannambra-II.

</doc>
<doc id="20675068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675068" title="Kannambra-II">
Kannambra-II

Kannambra-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Kannambra gram panchayat, together with Kannambra-I.

</doc>
<doc id="20675070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675070" title="White-barred wrasse">
White-barred wrasse

The white-barred wrasse, "Pseudocheilinus ocellatus", is a species of wrasse native to the central western Pacific Ocean. It inhabits coral reefs at depths from . This species can grow to in standard length. It can also be found, under the trade name "mystery wrasse", in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675076" title="Matiari Taluka">
Matiari Taluka

Matiari Taluka is an administrative subdivision, (taluka), of Matiari District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Brief history.
Sindh is the valley of Saints. Ancient Sindh was spread up to Multan (Now in Punjab Province). Islam was firstly spread through the preachers (Sahabas and Saints) who educated the people of this valley through their teachings. Since last several hundreds of years the region of Sindh from Nawabshah to Thatta is known as area of Sahteya (Literature & Education) and Matiari is the center of this region. 
About the name Matiari, it is said that, before settling at here Sayed Meer Ali Shah was firstly settled in a village Mutaalo near to Shahdadpur, district Sanghar, then he settled at the place which is called Matiari, so these Sayeds were called the people of "Mutaalo", which changed to "Mutaalvi", and then "Matiari".

</doc>
<doc id="20675084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675084" title="Kappur">
Kappur

Kappur is a Village Panchayat in Villupuram District, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It serves as the headquarters of Kappur Panchayat which includes Nerkunam, Kuchipalyam, Govindapuram. The village's main source of income is agriculture. Its literacy rate was low until the early 1980s, but has since improved constantly and is currently above 60%.

</doc>
<doc id="20675085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675085" title="Striated wrasse">
Striated wrasse

The striated wrasse, "Pseudocheilinus evanidus", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans. This species inhabits coral reefs at depths from . It can grow to in total length. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675086" title="Karakurissi">
Karakurissi

References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="20675088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675088" title="Endless Blue Sky">
Endless Blue Sky

Endless Blue Sky is the eighth studio album from American New Age pianist Kevin Kern. As with his preceding albums, it is an album of instrumental songs. It was released on January 27, 2009.
It is his first album to include the concept of bonus tracks, the Asian version having one, a cover of Jay Chou's "A Thousand Miles Away" (千里之外). It is also his first studio album to exceed eleven tracks, and the first studio album to exceed an hour in length (for the Asian edition) - previously, only his compilation albums were over an hour long.
Track listing.
"All tracks composed and arranged by Kevin Kern except #11, written by Jay Chou."

</doc>
<doc id="20675089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675089" title="Karimba-I">
Karimba-I

Karimba-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Karimba-I and Karimba-II come under the administration of the Karimba gram panchayat, with the former also being a part of Tachampara gram panchayat.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="20675092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675092" title="Karimba-II">
Karimba-II


</doc>
<doc id="20675094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675094" title="Karimpuzha-I">
Karimpuzha-I


</doc>
<doc id="20675095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675095" title="Karimpuzha-II">
Karimpuzha-II

Karimpuzha-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Karimpuzha-II and Karimpuzha-I are administered by the Karimpuzha gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675097" title="Kavasseri-I">
Kavasseri-I

Kavasseri-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms the Kavasseri village along with Kavasseri-II.

</doc>
<doc id="20675098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675098" title="Kavasseri-II">
Kavasseri-II


</doc>
<doc id="20675100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675100" title="Kizhakkencheri-I">
Kizhakkencheri-I

Kizhakkencheri-I is a village in Kizhakkencherry panchayat, Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Kizhakkencheri-I and Kizhakkencheri-II are together administered by the Kizhakkancherry gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675101" title="Six-line wrasse">
Six-line wrasse

The six-line wrasse, "Pseudocheilinus hexataenia", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. This species inhabits coral reefs at depths from . It can reach in total length. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675106" title="Kizhakkencheri-II">
Kizhakkencheri-II


</doc>
<doc id="20675107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675107" title="Kodumba">
Kodumba

Kodumba is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20675108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675108" title="Nelson Merced">
Nelson Merced

Nelson Merced (born August 17, 1947 in New York City) is a Massachusetts Latino activist and politician. He was the first Hispanic elected to the Massachusetts General Court, serving from 1989 to 1993 as Democratic representative from the fifth Suffolk District in Boston, including the Roxbury and North Dorchester neighborhoods.
Early Life, Family and Education.
Nelson Merced was born in New York in 1948 and moved back and forth between the Northeast of the United States and Puerto Rico with his family several times before joining the United States Navy in 1965. After leaving the Navy, he lived in Puerto Rico with his parents and was active in the squatters’ rights movement in San Juan. Returning to the United States in 1971, Merced settled in Massachusetts in 1976. He worked for the Massachusetts Department of Public Welfare, and took the position of the director of La Alianza Hispana in 1981.
Merced has a bachelor's degree from the University of Connecticut and did graduate work at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Political career.
In 1988, Merced became the first Latino to serve in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and the first Hispanic to hold statewide office in the commonwealth. He held this position until 1992, running a successful re-election campaign in 1990. During his time in the House, Merced was active in the campaign to promote and protect bilingual education in Massachusetts as well as working for immigrants’ rights and the reform of the Boston Public Schools. He also wrote legislation creating an Urban Initiative Fund, and was a key legislative leader for the first bill that sought to establish community reinvestment mandates for the insurance industry.
In 1994, Merced took a position as the CEO of Inquilinos Boricuas en Acción just prior to the organization’s proposed merger with the Escuelita Agueybana Day Care Center. The merger never took place and, in 1996, Merced left the organization. In 2005, Merced took a position as the Director of National Initiatives and Applied Research with NeighborWorks America, a nonprofit sponsored by the US Congress.
Merced was also a member of the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform, appointed by the US Senate and sometimes known as the Jordan Commission after its chair, Barbara Jordan. The Commission was formed in 1990 to propose reforms to United States immigration policies, which it did in a series of reports issued between 1994 and 1997.
Other activities.
Merced was a founding member and first president of the Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative, a unique and nationally recognized community development organization. Over the past 15 years, Merced has lectured at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in community planning, personnel management, funding strategies, and the legislative process.
External links.
The Nelson Merced papers, 1966-2002 (bulk 1988-1992) are located in the Northeastern University Libraries, Archives and Special Collections Department, Boston, MA.

</doc>
<doc id="20675111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675111" title="Queen coris">
Queen coris

The queen coris, "Coris formosa", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean from the Red Sea and the coast of Africa to Sri Lanka. Adults of this species are inhabitants of coral reefs and can be found at depths from , while juveniles are commonly found in tide pools. This species can reach in total length. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675112" title="Koduvayur-II">
Koduvayur-II

Koduvayur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is administered by the Koduvayur gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675119" title="Kollengode-I">
Kollengode-I


</doc>
<doc id="20675122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675122" title="Kollengode-II">
Kollengode-II


</doc>
<doc id="20675126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675126" title="Kongad-I">
Kongad-I

Kongad-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Along with Kongad-II, it is administered by the Kongad gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675127" title="Chengdu Brown">
Chengdu Brown

The Chengdu Brown goat breed from the Sichuan Province of China, is used for the production of meat and milk.
Sources.
Chengdu Brown

</doc>
<doc id="20675128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675128" title="Kongad-II">
Kongad-II

Kongad-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Along with Kongad-I, it is administered by the Kongad gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675131" title="Koppam">
Koppam


</doc>
<doc id="20675135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675135" title="Kottathara">
Kottathara

Kottathara is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Sholayar gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675136" title="Kottayi-I">
Kottayi-I


</doc>
<doc id="20675138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675138" title="Kottayi-II">
Kottayi-II


</doc>
<doc id="20675140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675140" title="Kottoppadam-I">
Kottoppadam-I

Kottoppadam-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Kottoppadam-I, Kottoppadam-II and Kottoppadam-III come under the administration of the Kottappadam gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675141" title="Coris gaimard">
Coris gaimard

Coris gaimard, the yellowtail wrasse or African coris, among other vernacular names, is a species of wrasse native to the tropical waters of the central Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean, from Christmas Islands and Cocos Keeling Islands to the Society Islands, Hawaii, and from Japan to Australia. It is an inhabitant of coral reefs, being found in areas that offer a mix of sand patches, rubble, and coral at depths from . This species can also be found in the aquarium trade and is popular species for display in public aquaria.
This species can reach in total length, though most do not exceed . As a juvenile, it is a bright red colour with large, black-margined white spots. As an adult, it has a pink face and fins, with the exception of the tail fin, which is bright yellow. The body is green towards the anterior darkening and decorated with bright blue specks towards the caudal peduncle. The fish also gains a very bright orange anterior when it grows into adulthood, and has a drastically shaded body in the posterior region that is dotted with obscenely bright blue spots ringed with dark blue. 

</doc>
<doc id="20675142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675142" title="Griswold Hills">
Griswold Hills

The Griswold Hills are a low mountain range in the inner California Coast Ranges, in western San Benito County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675143" title="Kottoppadam-II">
Kottoppadam-II

Kottoppadam-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Kottoppadam-I, Kottoppadam-II and Kottoppadam-III come under the administration of the Kottappadam gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675147" title="Kottoppadam-III">
Kottoppadam-III

Kottoppadam-III is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Kottoppadam-I, Kottoppadam-II and Kottoppadam-III come under the administration of the Kottappadam gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675148" title="Guijarral Hills">
Guijarral Hills

The Guijarral Hills are a range of low hills in the inner California Coast Ranges, in Fresno County, California, about seven miles east of the town of Coalinga.
They are the surface expression of an anticlinal structure which continues to the south as the Kettleman Hills, and to the north as Anticline Ridge, a portion of the huge Coalinga Oil Field. The Guijarral Hills overlie the smaller and mostly exhausted Guijarral Hills Oil Field. Jayne Avenue, which connects Interstate 5 to Coalinga, is the major east-west road through the hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20675150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675150" title="Saeedabad">
Saeedabad

Saeedabad () may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20675153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675153" title="Kozhinjampara">
Kozhinjampara

Kozhinjampara is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the area administered by the Kozhinjampara gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20675158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675158" title="Chigu goat">
Chigu goat

The Chigu goat breed, found north of Uttar Pradesh and northeast of Himachal Pradesh in India, is used for the production of meat and cashmere wool.
Sources.
Chigu Goat

</doc>
<doc id="20675160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675160" title="Triplespot wrasse">
Triplespot wrasse

The triplespot wrasse, "Halichoeres trispilus", is a species of wrasse native to the western Indian Ocean from South African to the Maldives and Mauritius. This species prefers areas of sandy substrates around reefs and can be found at depths from . It can reach in total length.

</doc>
<doc id="20675162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675162" title="Hemme Hills">
Hemme Hills

The Hemme Hills are a mountain range in Contra Costa County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675164" title="Saeedabad Taluka">
Saeedabad Taluka

Saeedabad Taluka () is an administrative subdivision, (taluka), of Matiari District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20675169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675169" title="Canary wrasse">
Canary wrasse

The canary wrasse, "Halichoeres chrysus", is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It can be found around the edges of coral reefs at depths from . It reaches in total length and is mostly bright yellow in color. This species can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675183" title="Thomas J. McKean">
Thomas J. McKean

Thomas Jefferson McKean (August 21, 1810 – April 19, 1870) was an American engineer, soldier, politician, and farmer. A West Point graduate, he fought in the U.S. Army during the Seminole Wars, in the Mexican–American War, and he served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
Thomas J. McKean was born in 1810 in the borough of Burlington located in Bradford County, Pennsylvania. He entered the United States Military Academy in West Point in 1827, and graduated four years later, standing 19th out of 33 cadets. McKean was commissioned a brevet second lieutenant in the 4th U.S. Infantry on July 1, 1831. His service in the U.S Army consisted of several stints of garrison duty over the next three years, during which he was promoted to second lieutenant on September 15, 1833. McKean resigned from the U.S. Army the following year on March 31.
After resigning in 1834, McKean took up work as a civil engineer. He then participated in the Seminole Wars in 1837–38, serving as adjutant of the 1st Pennsylvania Volunteers, with the rank of first lieutenant. McKean resigned on March 31, 1838, and returned to Pennsylvania and the profession of an engineer. In 1840 he relocated to Marion in the Iowa Territory, and in 1844 he was part of the constitutional convention aimed at creating the state of Iowa. 
During the Mexican–American War, McKean volunteered for service, and enlisted as a private in the 15th U.S. Infantry on April 12, 1847. He was quickly promoted to sergeant major on May 10, and fought in the Battle of Churubusco on August 20, in which he was wounded. That June, McKean was appointed to the rank of brevet second lieutenant in the 2nd U.S. Dragoons, but he chose to decline the commission. After hostilities ended, he was discharged on August 7, 1848. Historian Ezra J. Warner noted McKean's unusual situation of having been trained at West Point and served in other duties as an officer, but was as an enlisted man in combat while in Mexico. Following the war he returned to his civilian life in Iowa, a U.S. state since 1846.
Civil War service.
When the American Civil War began in 1861, McKean chose to follow his home state and the Union cause. On June 1 he was appointed the paymaster of the Union Army, and then led the cavalry of the Department of the Gulf beginning on September 18. McKean was briefly in charge of prisoner of war camps in Missouri, and was appointed a brigadier general in the Union Army on November 21. 
McKean commanded at Jefferson City, Missouri, from December to March 1862. He was then given divisional command in the Army of the Tennessee on April 10. He fought in the Battle of Corinth in Mississippi on October 3–4, and then led his division until December 9. McKean then commanded numerous districts across Union-held departments throughout 1863, 1864, and until July 10, 1865. McKean was appointed to the rank of brevet major general on March 13 for his war service, and was mustered out of the volunteer service on August 24.
Postbellum.
After the American Civil War ended in 1865, McKean returned home to Iowa. He was elected Marion's mayor that year, and took up farming close to the city until 1869. He served as a delegate to the Republican convention in Chicago, Illinois, in 1868. McKean was offered the position of pension agent of the eastern Iowa district in early 1870, but he declined it. That April he died in Marion, Iowa, and was buried in the city's Oak Shade Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20675186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675186" title="Bill C. Malone">
Bill C. Malone

Bill C. Malone (born August 25, 1934) is an American musician, author and historian specializing in country music and other forms of traditional American music, he is a renowned scholar. He is the author of the 1968 book "Country Music, U.S.A.", the first definitive academic history of country music. Malone is Professor Emeritus of History at Tulane University and now resides in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Early life and Career.
Malone was born on a cotton-growing tenant farm 20 miles west of Tyler, Texas in 1934 and grew up with music as "a constant companion". After studying at community college, he enrolled in the University of Texas in 1956 and became a well-known singer in the Austin area, due in part to his encyclopedic repertoire of "hillbilly" songs he learned growing up. He performed at Threadgill's beer joint in Austin and completed his Master's degree. He was pleased when his faculty advisor suggested he write his doctoral dissertation on something he loved: "hillbilly", i.e., country, music. His 1965 dissertation was published in 1968 as "Country Music, U.S.A." 
Honours.
Malone was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1984 to assist his research in U.S. history. In 2008, he received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Society for American Music.
Currently.
Malone hosts a weekly radio show, "Back to the Country", on WORT–FM community radio in Madison, and performs country music with his wife, Bobbie Malone, playing mandolin and guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="20675189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675189" title="Corsican goat">
Corsican goat

The Corsican goat breed from the French island of Corsica is used primarily for the production of milk.
Sources.
Corsican Goat

</doc>
<doc id="20675190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675190" title="Hoodoo Hills">
Hoodoo Hills

The Hoodoo Hills are a mountain range in Glenn County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675194" title="Horned Toad Hills">
Horned Toad Hills

The Horned Toad Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in southeastern Kern County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675201" title="Horse Hills">
Horse Hills

The Horse Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in eastern San Bernardino County, southern California.
Geography.
The hills are protected within the Mojave National Preserve. 
The Horse Hills are east of and across the Kelbaker Road from the Granite Mountains, and south of the Providence Mountains. Interstate 40 and historic Route 66 are to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20675220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675220" title="2003 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team">
2003 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team

The 2003 Texas A&M Aggies football team represented Texas A&M University in the college football season of 2003. The team's head football coach was Dennis Franchione. 2003 was the first year for Franchione who resigned from Alabama in late 2002. Franchione, known for his history of turning struggling football programs around, replaced R.C. Slocum who was fired after a mediocre 6–6 season in 2002.
Franchione brought the majority of his coaching staff with him to College Station. Strength and Conditioning Coach Ben Pollard declined an offer to go to College Station and elected to remain at Alabama. Franchione signed a contract that was set to pay him a yearly salary of $1.7 million through 2010.
The Aggies finished the 2003 season with a 4–8 record, including a nationally televised 77–0 loss to Oklahoma, the worst loss in A&M's history. The season also marked the first losing season for the Aggies in 21 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20675227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675227" title="Halichoeres iridis">
Halichoeres iridis

Halichoeres iridis is a species of wrasse native to the western Indian Ocean along the African coast and nearby islands. It can be found in areas of rubble and sand around reefs at depths from . This species can reach in total length. It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675232" title="PRR CC1s">
PRR CC1s

The Pennsylvania Railroad's class CC1s consisted as a single experimental 0-8-8-0 steam locomotive built by Baldwin in 1912. It was assigned road number #3397. A subsequent class, the CC2s, followed after the tests with this locomotive. It was later scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20675234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675234" title="Tail-spot wrasse">
Tail-spot wrasse

The tail-spot wrasse, "Halichoeres melanurus", is a species of wrasse in the western Pacific from Japan to Samoa and Tonga and south to the Great Barrier Reef. This species is found along rocky shores or on coral reefs at depths from . It can reach in total length. This species is popular for display in public aquaria and can be found in the aquarium trade.
The male of the species is more vibrant in colour generally, and when placed in the vicinity of one or more females may "flash" his colours with dramatically increased intensity. The female can be easily differentiated from the male by the presence of ocelli markings (eye spots) on the dorsal and caudal fins. 

</doc>
<doc id="20675237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675237" title="Pastel-green wrasse">
Pastel-green wrasse

The pastel-green wrasse, "Halichoeres chloropterus", is a species of wrasse native to the central western Pacific Ocean. It can be found on coral reefs and the surrounding areas at depths from the surface to . Its coloration varies depending upon the habitat in which it occurs, ranging from bright green in fish living in areas with heavy algal growth to pale or with dark bars for those inhabiting rubble areas. This species can reach in standard length. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675239" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in American Samoa">
List of National Natural Landmarks in American Samoa

This is a list of National Natural Landmarks (NNL) in American Samoa.

</doc>
<doc id="20675242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675242" title="Horse Range (California)">
Horse Range (California)

The Horse Range is a mountain range in Nevada County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675250" title="List of Neolithic settlements">
List of Neolithic settlements

Human Neolithic settlements by date:

</doc>
<doc id="20675255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675255" title="Malcolm hood">
Malcolm hood

The Malcolm Hood is a type of aircraft canopy. Originally developed for the Supermarine Spitfire, its concept proved valuable for other aircraft such as the North American Aviation-produced P-51B & C Mustangs and the Vought F4U Corsair, and somewhat emulated on the later models of the "Luftwaffe's" Focke-Wulf Fw 190 fighter. 
The canopy was manufactured by the British company R Malcolm & Co which gave its name. Instead of taking a straight line between the canopy frames, the hood was bulged outward. This gave the pilot a better view to the rear.
...the Corsair's initial deficiencies were being worked out on a concurrent basis... The 689th production F4U-1 featured a number of significant changes. The most noticeable was that the cockpit was raised 18 centimeters (7 inches) to improve the pilot's forward view, and a bulged canopy, along the lines of the "Malcolm Hood" used on Spitfires, replaced the original "birdcage" framed canopy to provide better all-round field of view.

</doc>
<doc id="20675256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675256" title="Candy Lane">
Candy Lane

Candy Lane is an award-winning New Zealand Choregrapher, Dancer, Television presenter, Fashion Designer wife and mother of two. She is well known to New Zealand audiences for being the Co-host on "Dancing with the Stars (New Zealand TV series)".
Dancing With The Stars.
Since the show's debut in 2005, Candy has been co-host alongside Jason Gunn on Dancing with the Stars. She specifically presents the backstage interviews with the dancers and the half- and full-time leaderboards. As Candy is a professional dancer, she often dances with Brendan Cole, a judge on the show. On the final episode of each season, Candy also performs in a choreographed "spectacular", featuring the dancers from the show, Jason Gunn and The Candy Lane Dancers.
Fashion line.
Candy has recently released her own fashion line for sportswear. It is exclusive to Farmers (Department store) in New Zealand. She recently appeared on the Good Morning Show especially to showcase her new line of sportswear, by dancing in the clothes.
The Shopping Channel.
In October 2012 Candy became one of the inaugural TV presenters on The Shopping Channel (New Zealand), New Zealand's first and only home shopping channel.
Personal.
In January 2007 she married longtime partner Chris Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="20675266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675266" title="Harlequin tuskfish">
Harlequin tuskfish

The harlequin tuskfish, "Choerodon fasciatus", is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.
Appearance.
It grows to a length of . It is a brightly colored marine fish with shades of blue, green, and orange. It has sharp blue teeth. Those specimens found in Australia generally have brighter coloration.
Diet.
The harlequin tuskfish is a carnivore, eating mostly benthic invertebrates such as echinoderms, crustaceans, molluscs, and worms.
Range.
This species occurs in the western Pacific Ocean in two separate areas. One is from the Ryukyus to Taiwan and the other is from Queensland, Australia, to New Caledonia. This species inhabits reefs at depths from .

</doc>
<doc id="20675268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675268" title="Macropharyngodon meleagris">
Macropharyngodon meleagris

Macropharyngodon meleagris, the Black-spotted wrasse, is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. It occurs on coral reefs at depths of from the surface to . This species can reach a length of SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675273" title="Ibex Hills">
Ibex Hills

The Ibex Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675282" title="Indio Hills">
Indio Hills

The Indio Hills are a low mountain range in the Colorado Desert, near Indio in eastern Riverside County, southern California.
Natural history.
The Indio Hills are located in the Coachella Valley along the San Andreas Fault. The hills have natural springs along the fault. These support native California Fan Palm ("Washingtonia filifera") oases habitats.
The Indio Hills Palms State Reserve and Coachella Valley National Wildlife Refuge protect sections of the Indio Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20675283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675283" title="Social wrasse">
Social wrasse

The social wrasse, "Cirrhilabrus rubriventralis", is a species of wrasse from the western Indian Ocean from the Red Sea to South Africa, though questionable claims have been made for its occurrence out to the western Pacific. It inhabits coral reefs at depths of . This species can reach a total length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20675288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675288" title="Jonny Staub">
Jonny Staub

Jonny Staub (born November 28, 1979 in Windsor, Ontario) is a Canadian radio and television personality.
Staub started his career as a traffic reporter at CHYM-FM in Kitchener, ON, on May 15, 1997. He attended Conestoga College and has achieved success mainly in Western Canada, both in Top 40 radio and for TV stations Citytv and Shaw TV.
In 2001, at age 22, he was the youngest DJ in a major time slot in the Vancouver market. He was removed from his position at Z95 in May 2002. Soon after, he landed a weekend time slot at Power 92 in Edmonton. In 2005, he was a featured host for the newly airing Edmonton station The Bounce.
He has been a DJ at CHYM-FM, CKGL, CJIB, CKIK-FM, CKZZ-FM (in the evening time), CKNG-FM, CHBN-FM, and CFBT-FM.
Staub is also one of Canada's first openly gay DJs in the Vancouver radio market. In 2008 he co-hosted OUTtv's "Let's Talk Sex", which also airs on its US counterpart here!. There is talk of a second season of "Let's Talk Sex"; however, there is no word on whether or not Staub will return to that show. Recently Jonny has ventured online and started blogging on Homorazzi.com, a site where 'homos judge everything' - think Perez Hilton meets The Hills. As part of the Homorazzi.com team, Jonny hosts weekly segments called "Hawt Topics".

</doc>
<doc id="20675290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675290" title="Macropharyngodon geoffroyi">
Macropharyngodon geoffroyi

Macropharyngodon geoffroyi is a member of the wrasse family endemic to the Hawaiian Islands. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20675328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675328" title="Irish Hills (California)">
Irish Hills (California)

The Irish Hills are a low seasonally verdant mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in San Luis Obispo County, California.
They are located between the town of San Luis Obispo and the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20675342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675342" title="Iron Mountains (California)">
Iron Mountains (California)

The Iron Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20675365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675365" title="Qaddita">
Qaddita

Qaddita (, transliteration: "Qaddîtâ") was a Palestinian Arab village of 240, located northwest of Safad. It was captured and depopulated in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, with some of its inhabitants fleeing to nearby Akbara where they live as internally displaced Palestinians and others to refugee camps in Lebanon or Syria.
History.
It is possible that the name "Qaddita" is an Arabic corruption of the Aramaic word "kaddish". 
Qaddita was under the Ottoman Empire in 1517, and by 1596 it was administrated by the "nahiya" ("subdistrict") of Jira, part of Sanjak Safad. It paid taxes on wheat, barley, vineyards, beehives, and goats. In the late 19th century, it was a small densely populated village consisting of ten houses built of stone and mud. The slope on which it was located was covered by gardens and fig trees. 
The village was reported to be totally destroyed in the devastating Galilee earthquake of 1837. 
Under the rule of the British Mandate in Palestine in the first half of the 20th century, Qaddita expanded north and south, its houses clustered together, and built of stone. Its economy was based on animal husbandry and crop cultivation, mainly grains, figs, pomegranates, and grapes as well as olives which by 1943 covered 77 dunams.
1948, and after.
Like many other Arab villages in the eastern Galilee, Qaddita was evacuated a day after Safad fell to the Israelis during Operation Yiftach on May 10. Some villagers were evicted to the village of Akbara, south of Safad, where they, according to Walid Khalidi, lived under harrowing circumstances. No Jewish towns were built on village lands. Khalidi describes the remains of the village being "tombs from the cemetery and stone rubble from the destroyed homes."
Demographics.
Qaddita had a population of 149 inhabitants in 1596, rising by only a third two centuries later in the late 19th century to roughly 200. In the British census of 1931 the population decreased, and there were 170 people living in the village. According to Sami Hadawi's land and population survey, Qaddita had 240 inhabitants in 1945. All the residents were Muslims. 

</doc>
<doc id="20675409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675409" title="Infinity and the Mind">
Infinity and the Mind

Infinity and the Mind: The Science and Philosophy of the Infinite is a theoretical mathematics book by American mathematician, computer scientist, and science fiction writer Rudy Rucker.
Marketing.
The dust jacket of the original (Birkhäuser) edition had a picture of a star over a mountain and appeared to be a religious or mystical work. Subsequent paperback reprintings had covers suggesting that the publishers wished to appeal to a "new age" market. The most recent editions, from Princeton University Press, have very austere covers suggesting an academic work.
Synopsis.
The book contains accessible popular expositions on the mathematical theory of infinity, and a number of related topics. These include Gödel's incompleteness theorems and their relationship to concepts of artificial intelligence and the human mind, as well as the conceivability of some unconventional cosmological models. The material is approached from a variety of viewpoints, some more conventionally mathematical and others being nearly mystical. There is a brief account of the author's personal contact with Kurt Gödel.
An appendix contains one of the few popular expositions on set theory research on what are known as "strong axioms of infinity."

</doc>
<doc id="20675447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675447" title="Glass Rose">
Glass Rose

Plot.
"Glass Rose" primarily takes place in a remote Japanese mansion in 1929. The player assumes the role of an amateur reporter named Takashi Kagetani. While exploring an abandoned mansion with his friend Emi in the year 2003, he is knocked unconscious by a supernatural force and awakens seventy years in the past, where the mansion has been restored to its former glory. In order to return to his own time, Takashi is forced to explore the mansion and interact with its denizens, the Yoshinodou family.
Takashi also finds that the time warp has left him with the ability to briefly glimpse into a person's mind while conversing with them. By employing this ability, he can investigate into a series of murders in the Yoshinodou household.
Gameplay.
The game mainly uses a point and click system. Players do not control Takashi's movements directly, instead using a cursor to select points of interest in the game's environment. This control scheme is also used in some scenes that are similar to quick time events.
A large portion of the game involves talking to other characters in the Yoshinodou household. While engaging a conversation, the player can use the cursor to highlight words in the text onscreen, which allows Takashi to further inquire about certain topics of discussion.
Characters.
Takashi Kagetani - The main character of the game. He is said to bear a resemblance to Denemon Yoshinodou's long lost son. This observation later leads to him being accused of the murders. Masahiro Matsuoka from the band Tokio lent his likeness to the character, as well as motion capture and voice acting. He is voiced by Eric Kelso in the English version.
Emi Katagiri - Takashi's friend and Koutaro's granddaughter. After Takashi is sent back in time, Emi appears to him as a ghost-like apparition, and they lose direct contact with each other. She is voiced by Lisle Wilkerson in the English version.
Koutaro Katagiri - Emi's grandfather and a former detective. He was called to the Yoshinodou mansion by his boss, Ryouji Ihara, in order to locate Kazuya Nanase for the murder of Ihara's wife. He is voiced by Peter Gomm in the English version.
Yoshinodou Family.
Denemon Yoshinodou - The head of the Yoshinodou family. He is the first murder victim in what becomes known as the "New World Cinema murders" in 1929.
Hisako Yoshinodou - The first wife of Denemon and an actress. She gave birth to three children: their son, Hideo, and twins Takako and Kazuya.
Yurie Yoshinodou - The second wife of Denemon, she gave birth to 2 children: Kanae and Marie. It is said throughout the game that she was Denemon's most loved wife, but in reality, she was a bitter woman who conspired to kill him. She committed suicide out of paranoia that Denemon would kill her one day.
Ayako Yoshinodou - The third wife of Denemon. She married Denemon in order to use his money to pay off her family's debts, and she is said to be untrustworthy by her stepchildren. Ayako wanted to escape from life in the Yoshinodou mansion but died before she could do so.
Hideo Yoshinodou - The eldest son and current head of the Yoshinodou family. He is the husband of Youko Yoshinodou and has a son named Taki Matsubashi. He was the second victim of the murders.
Takako Yoshinodou - The second eldest girl in the family and Kazuya's twin sister, albeit without her knowledge. Following in her mother's steps, she also became an actress, and her fiancee, Kiyohiko Yoshikawa, was helping her career as a director. She is later murdered, and her body is found by Takashi.
Kazuya Nanase - Denemon's long lost son. While he is still loved by his estranged father, Kazuya is a vengeful man who orchestrates the murders.
Matsunosuke Shimada - A gardener who works for the Yoshinodou family. He is involved in Yurie's conspiracy to murder Denemon.

</doc>
<doc id="20675476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675476" title="Tropical North Queensland TAFE">
Tropical North Queensland TAFE

Tropical North Queensland TAFE (TNQT) is a TAFE institution which delivers vocational education and training programs across a 268,000 square kilometre area of north-eastern Australia. The Institute offers aboutn 400 courses in 30 vocational training areas in Queensland.
The Institute services an area which covers 15.5 per cent of Queensland and extends from the Papua New Guinea border in the north to Cardwell in the south and the Gulf of Carpentaria in the west.
TNQT delivers training to more than 13,000 clients annually from eight campuses located at Cairns, Innisfail, Tully, Atherton, Mareeba, Mossman, Thursday Island and Bamaga.
There are four faculties at TNQT:

</doc>
<doc id="20675519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675519" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Arizona">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Arizona

From the list of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Arizona. There are 10 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20675539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675539" title="Chirosathi">
Chirosathi

Chirosathi ( "") is a Bengali Drama movie that was released in 2008, directed by Haranath Chakraborty. The movie featured Hiran Chatterjee and Koyel Mullick.
Plot.
Raju an orphan youngster brought up by his aunt Namita. He falls in love with Riya Roy, the daughter of business tycoon Mahendra Roy. They meet at their college excursion, and after that initial tiffs and estrangement. They fall madly in love. While Mahendra Roy already zeroes in on getting Riya’s married to Dhiman (the son of another business biggie Mr. Mohim), Raju arrives at Riya’s residence in disguise with the help of Mahendra Roy’s estranged young brother Pratap Roy. Within days Raju gets success by associating with Riya’s joint family. But the conservative, chauvinist and patriarchal Mahendra Roy shifts bad and constantly sends negative vibes towards Raju in a passive way. In the mean time the spoilt brat Dhiman takes Riya to a pub and insults her to get beaten up by an avenging Raju. Without knowing the truth Mahendra Roy expels Raju from his house. Raju meanwhile reveals that his elder brother Apurva who has become insane incidentally loved Riya’s elder sister and Mahendra’s elder daughter Priya (she committed suicide). In the end Mahendra understands Dhiman’s nature and the lovers unite gleefully.

</doc>
<doc id="20675552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675552" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Arkansas">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Arkansas

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Arkansas. There are 5 in total, 4 are forests, 1 is other (spring).

</doc>
<doc id="20675558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675558" title="Alamat ng Gubat">
Alamat ng Gubat

The Alamat ng Gubat ("Legend of the Forest") is a 2003 novel which was the fourth book published by Bob Ong, a Filipino contemporary author noted for using conversational Filipino to create humorous and reflective depictions of life as a Filipino. Among Bob Ong's works, it is notable for being the first one to be a self-contained straightforward narrative rather than a collection of anecdotes. Bob Ong later came up with another book written as a straightforward narrative, "MacArthur", but it is a very different work because it does not have Bob Ong's signature humorous tone.
The story is about a little crab named "Tong" searching for a banana heart to cure his father from sickness. While he begins his journey he finds he and his friends also fight the evil animals in the forest.
"Alamat ng Gubat" is notable for its allegorical references to Philippine society.
Main characters.
Tong.
Tong is a small crab who went to look for a banana blossom (heart of a banana )in the forest to cure his sickly father. He is the son of the king of the sea, along with his siblings who are not assigned to the quest. He is engaged to a fish named Dalagang bukid. Tong is pinkish red and is the youngest in the pack of their crab family. Tong also has a brother called "Katang" who planned to take revenge on him at the middle of the story.
Pagong.
Pagong is a tortoise who is helping Tong in his adventure. He amazes Tong with his collection of turtle eggs. Pagong is an enormous tortoise that is very slow. He is also confused with his sayings and is said to be wisely stupid.
Aso.
Aso is a wild dog . He is a lost dog living in a forest (which he likes). He also helps Tong to find the banana heart, the whole forest will likely die. Aso has a spot on his left eye and is a little confused with everything he says. He also likes playing.
Kuneho.
Kuneho is mostly described as a Filipino version of "Rabbit". He also joins Tong in his adventure in finding the banana heart. Kuneho is a little demanding on everything he says and is a little of always angry . He is tall and gray.
Villains.
Buwaya.
Buwaya is a crocodile who at the end, eats Tong's friends and Tong left behind. He announces Tong his "best friend". But Tong doesn't agree. Buwaya joins an evil gang in the forest which includes Leon, the gang leader, daga, and Maya, a small bird, who is also buwaya's sidekick and whose main job is to clean buwaya's teeth.
Daga.
Daga, a rat living in the woods of Saging Republic. He is the tiny sidekick of Leon, Leon influenced Daga to Roar like lions and now, Daga is a part of the gang of evil animals in the forest.
Leon.
Leon is a lion and is the leader and the founder of the evil packed gang. He influenced Tong's brother, Katang, in joining the evil gang of animals in the forest. Now, him and his gang is an obstacle to Tong's journey in finding the banana heart and saving his beloved father.
Maya.
Maya is a sparrow which has his own mystery in the book : Good or Evil . Still, even at the end of the book, no one knows what side is he. He is Buwaya's sidekick but since his job is to clean Buwaya's teeth, he always ends up being eaten by the reptile although he manages to escape just in time.
Katang.
Katang is the brother of Tong and decided to join the gang because of Tong. He is planning revenge for Tong because of Tong tricking him that getting deficated on an Adarna bird was good for his asthma. Now he has stolen Tong's is now part of the gang. But at the end, he got squashed by a bamboo stick .
Plot.
Tong and his friends help find the banana heart in the forest. When Langgam won as the new leader of the forest, he got squashed by an animal. And also, they are being threatened by a gang of evil animals. So Tong, Pagong, Aso and Kuneho fight for the forest and are planning to save Tong's father. But when Tong's friends were eaten by Buwaya, Tong is left behind. Will Tong ever get the banana heart without killing the whole forest? Tong eventually got the banana heart with the help of an annoying but wise monkey. He has also not harmed the forest but saved it and made it a better place to live in. But of course, no one still knows what has happened to Leon and his gang.
Blurb.
"WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE! Samahan si Tong at ang kanyang mga kaibigan sa napakasayang alamat ng kahayupan sa Saging Republic. Magkibahagi sa kuwentong garantisadong Hindi kapupulutan ng aral. At salubungin ang napakagandang bukas na naghihintay sa ating lahat! Alamat mo. Alamat ko. Alamat ng Gubat. ANG LIBRONG PAMBATA PARA SA MATATANDA!"

</doc>
<doc id="20675563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675563" title="Disqualification (boxing)">
Disqualification (boxing)

A disqualification (abbreviated DQ) is a term used when a bout is stopped short of knockout or judges' decision because, intentionally, one or both contestants have repeatedly or flagrantly fouled an opponent or violated other rules. The disqualified boxer automatically loses the bout to the opponent. If both are disqualified, (termed a double disqualification) the result is usually declared a no contest regardless of round. 
Most disqualifications happen for repeated intentional fouling such as headbutting, low blows, rabbit punches, biting and the like. Typically, a referee will first verbally warn offenders or direct a point deduction first before disqualifying a boxer. However, contestants may be disqualified without warning for particularly egregious conduct such as kicking a downed opponent, hair pulling, or using loaded gloves. Secondly, violation of other rules by a fighter's corner, such as cornermen entering the ring or striking the opponent can result in disqualification even though such behavior is not strictly under the fighter's control. Disqualification occurs solely at the referee's discretion and no fouled contestant is automatically entitled to such a result. 
Examples.
A famous DQ in boxing occurred in the 1997 Holyfield-Tyson II match, when Mike Tyson was disqualified in the 3rd round for repeatedly biting Evander Holyfield's ear.

</doc>
<doc id="20675573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675573" title="Denny DeMarchi">
Denny DeMarchi

Denny DeMarchi is a Canadian multi-instrumental musician who is talented as a keyboardist and prolific singer-songwriter. He is also a guitarist, backing vocalist, audio engineer and record producer. DeMarchi is notable as a rock concert tour musician for the well-known Irish band The Cranberries during their reunion tour (2009-2011). He is equally notable for performing with Dolores O'Riordan on both TV and radio internationally as her keyboardist and guitarist during her Solo world tour in 2007. DeMarchi is also known for his role as the keyboardist who played the signature keyboard notes for the popular 1990 #1 Billboard hit song "More Than Words Can Say" by the band Alias.
Career.
2012 Producing/Engineering Killer Bee Album.
Aside from being an experienced multi-talented musician, DeMarchi has also shown a keen interest in audio engineering and music production projects. His latest engineering and collaborative production endeavors from his recording studio, "Denny DeMarchi Studios", produced an album titled "From Hell and Back" by a Swedish/Canadian hard rock band Killer Bee. DeMarchi was also the keyboard and rhythm guitar player on this album, which was released by an English record label Z-Records on October 22, 2012.
2009-2011 Tour Musician for The Cranberries.
DeMarchi toured with The Cranberries as their keyboard/guitar player and backing vocalist on their world tour, performing at major concert venues across the United States; Canada; South America; Europe and Asia. DeMarchi's performance in The Cranberries concert at Club Nokia in Los Angeles was mentioned in two separate L.A. Newspapers. "The Orange County Register's" Entertainment Section review of the Cranberries concert printed that "Demarchi triggered the swelling orchestration and provided welcome background support all evening by bolstering the sound and enriching vocals." "The Variety" reported that "The Band, augmented by keyboardist-guitarist Denny DeMarchi from O'Riordan's recent solo disc "No Baggage," brings sufficient energy to the set, the influence of the Smiths quite prevalent; oddly enough, the more racket they created, the more cohesive they sounded."
DeMarchi was the opening act for The Cranberries On July 5, 2010 in Rome at the Roma Rock Festival, one of the premier events on the European summer music festival scene. DeMarchi opened the show with 8 songs from his own "Rockizoid" solo project.
On August 28, 2009. DeMarchi accompanied Dolores O’Riordan in a Live performance on CBC Radio in Toronto Ontario Canada. Dolores O’Riordan joined guest host Jesse Wente live in Studio Q to talk about her second solo album release, No Baggage, and the reunion of The Cranberries with plans for a world tour in mid November 2009. Dolores O’Riordan introduced DeMarchi on the radio show as her keyboarder. They performed the songs “Linger (song)”, “It’s You” and “Zombie (song)” between interviews with other guests on the show. One of the guests was Walter Koenig, who played Pavel Chekov from Star Trek.
2007-2008 Musician for Dolores O'Riordan's Solo Albums and World Tour.
DeMarchi and his older brother Steve are old friends of Don Burton, Dolores O'Riordan's husband. On a visit to Burton and O'Riordan's family home in Canada, DeMarchi played on O'Riordan's piano, DeMarchi's talent on the piano impressed O'Riordan so much that she decided to hire DeMarchi as her keyboardist for her solo project.
DeMarchi was the keyboardist for Dolores O'Riordan's solo albums "Are You Listening?" and "No Baggage". In 2007 he also toured with Dolores O'Riordan on her solo world tour. In May 2007, DeMarchi along with other band members, were featured with O’Riordan in live performances on the Carson Daly Show, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, True Music on HDnet cable network TV, and on Heaven and Earth BBC Manchester. 
Dolores O'Riordan won an European Border Breakers Award in 2008. DeMarchi supported O'Riordan on keyboard and as backing vocalist at the award ceremony at Midem 2008, Cannes, France - 27 Jan 2008.
1990s Alias.
In the mid 80s, DeMarchi helped his brother Steve and their good friend Freddy Curci build the sound recording studio, Platinum Sound, out of the DeMarchi family basement where most of the songs on the "ALIAS" album were written and recorded. He was also involved with some of the production and engineering work for that album.
DeMarchi was the keyboardist and backing vocalist for the 1990 #1 "Billboard" hit song More Than Words Can Say from the "ALIAS" album. He also co-wrote the last song in the "ALIAS" album, "Standing In The Darkness".
DeMarchi played keyboard, bass and did some of the production and engineering work for the 1994 Freddy Curci "Dreamer's Road" album. He co-wrote and produced the song "Diamonds" in this album.
Solo Projects.
As a prolific singer/songwriter, DeMarchi engages in writing and recording his own music under the name "Rockizoid" (2007-2010) and under the band name "HedRek" which he formed in 2011. DeMarchi has written well over 200 songs in an ongoing personal musical pursuit. He has started recording work, whenever time permits, on a small portion of his portfolio of songs and has released 10 tracks on his MySpace profile's music player.
DeMarchi's music is explorative rock with a strong sense of groove and identifiable lyrics. "A song should be able to stand on its own by singing and playing it on one instrument. If it feels good doing that, then it's worth recording".
In July 2009, DeMarchi’s song “All Your Fault”, released in May 2009, entered the Fame Games Radio and within three weeks quickly advanced to the 233 Wednesday edition of the Quarter Final Show, with ranking of Number 2 and 233 edition of the Semi Final show, with ranking of Number 3 which were aired on radio nationwide in the United States on the Citadel Media (formerly the ABC radio) networks in mid August 2009.
Personal life.
DeMarchi was born in Canada, his parents immigrated to Canada from Italy. DeMarchi is an executive of a company that services the Dental Industry in the greater Toronto, Ontario area. His personal hobbies/recreation include riding the ATV, snowmobiling, boating and riding his unicycle.

</doc>
<doc id="20675583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675583" title="Master and servant">
Master and servant

Master and servant or masters and servants describes a hierarchical relationship between an employer and a worker.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20675587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675587" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in California">
List of National Natural Landmarks in California

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in California. There are 36 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20675623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675623" title="SANDstorm hash">
SANDstorm hash

The SANDstorm hash is a cryptographic hash function designed in 2008 by Mark Torgerson, Richard Schroeppel, Tim Draelos, Nathan Dautenhahn, Sean Malone, Andrea Walker, Michael Collins, and Hilarie Orman for the NIST SHA-3 competition.
The SANDstorm hash was accepted into the first round of the NIST hash function competition, but was not accepted into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20675631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675631" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Colorado">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Colorado

The National Natural Landmarks in Colorado include 14 of the almost 600 National Natural Landmarks (NNLs) in the United States; thirteen fully within Colorado and one shared with Wyoming. They cover areas of geological, biological and historical importance, and include lakes, mountains, rock formations and numerous fossil sites. The landmarks are located in 12 of the state's 64 counties. Four counties each contain all or part of two NNLs, while two landmarks are split between two counties. The first two designations, Slumgullion Earthflow and Summit Lake, were made in 1965, while the most recent designation, Big Spring Creek, was made in 2012. Natural Landmarks in Colorado range from in size. Owners include private individuals and several municipal, state and federal agencies.
The National Natural Landmarks Program is administered by the National Park Service, a branch of the Department of the Interior. The National Park Service determines which properties meet NNL criteria and, after notifying the owners, makes nomination recommendations. The Secretary of the Interior reviews nominations and, based on a set of predetermined criteria, makes a decision on NNL designation or a determination of eligibility for designation. Both public and privately owned properties can be designated as NNLs. Owners may object to the nomination of the property as a NNL. This designation provides indirect, partial protection of the historic integrity of the properties via tax incentives, grants, monitoring of threats, and other means.

</doc>
<doc id="20675640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675640" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Connecticut">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Connecticut

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the eight National Natural Landmarks in Connecticut. They represent the geological and ecological history of Connecticut, including glacial features such as bogs, old growth forests and swamps. There are also well preserved dinosaur tracks,
See also.
List of National Historic Landmarks in Connecticut

</doc>
<doc id="20675641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675641" title="Norway–Serbia relations">
Norway–Serbia relations

Norwegian–Serbian relations are foreign relations between Norway and Serbia. Norway has an embassy in Belgrade, led by ambassador Nils Ragnar Kamsvåg. Serbia has an embassy in Oslo, led by Milan Simurdić. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
Norway supported the 1999 NATO bombing of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, and later participated in the Kosovo Force.
Agreements.
The two countries signed a military cooperation agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="20675650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675650" title="Moore v. Younger">
Moore v. Younger

The case of Moore v. Younger (54 Cal. App. 3d 1122 (1976)) originated from a somewhat ambiguous law, California's Harmful Matter Statute. California Attorney General Evelle J. Younger "claimed that individual librarians could be prosecuted for giving juveniles access to questionable reading materials." University of California, Los Angeles Librarian Everett T. Moore, as plaintiff, challenged the Attorney General through legal action. In February 1976, one month after he retired from UCLA, Moore won his case. All librarians in California were found to be exempt from the Harmful Matter Statute by the California Court of Appeals.

</doc>
<doc id="20675652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675652" title="Carlos Holguín Mallarino">
Carlos Holguín Mallarino

Carlos Holguín Mallarino (11 June 1832 - 19 October 1894) was a Colombian lawyer, journalist and politician who became President of Colombia between 1888 and 1892, acting in the absence of President Rafael Núñez.
Biographic data.
Carlos Holguín Mallarino was born on 11 July 1832, in the town of Nóvita, Chocó, when this region was still part of the department (state) of Cauca. He died in Bogotá on 19 October 1894, while serving in Congress as Senator. Carlos Holguín Mallarino was part of the prominent Holguín, Mallarino and Caro Families. Both, his uncle Manuel María Mallarino and his brother Jorge Holguín, were Presidents of Colombia, as was his brother-in-law Miguel Antonio Caro who succeeded him in office".
Early life.
Holguín completed his first years of education in the city of Cali, Valle. He then traveled to Bogotá, where he studied jurisprudence and obtained a degree in Law at the Colegio Mayor de San Bartolomé, before his 20th birthday. His adoptive grandfather, an Englishman called Paterson Saunders, had taught him Latin, Greek, English, French and Italian. Holguín later became a great orator, debater and writer. He was also a renowned journalist and professor of literature and History.
Military career.
Holguín enlisted in the army and participated in several military actions, mainly in the uprising against President José María Melo, in the war against Tomás Cipriano de Mosquera, and the conservative revolt against Aquileo Parra in 1875.
Political career.
After Holguín graduated, he entered the civil service and held a few bureaucratic jobs with the central government. At age 23 he is elected State Senator representing the district of Buenaventura and thereafter as President of the Cauca State Senate. Later he was elected several times to National Congress, representing the States of Antioquia, Cundinamarca, Tolima and Bolívar. Holguín was appointed also to several ministerial positions such as Minister of Foreign Relations, Interior and War.
In 1881, while in Rome, Holguín is commissioned by President Rafael Núñez to establish diplomatic relations with the Kingdom of Spain. By that time, Colombia was the only Latin American nation that did not have diplomatic relations with Spain. Thus, Holguín was appointed as Special Envoy and plenipotentiary Ambassador of Colombia to the Kingdom of Spain. As head of the diplomatic mission, he arrives in Madrid on 9 January 1881, where he was greeted by the King of Spain, Alfonso XII. For the first time, full diplomatic relations were established between the two nations
Upon his return to Colombia, on November 1887, Holguín is appointed Minister of Foreign Relations by President Eliseo Payán. Later, President Rafael Núñez appointed him Minister of War.
The Presidency.
Carlos Holguín became President of Colombia upon his election by Congress as Presidential Designate, the first time in 1888, and the second time in 1890. Thus, he ruled as President between 1888 and 1892, to complete the six years presidential term of President Rafael Núñez.
During his presidency, Holguín devoted time, energy and resources to the betterment of the nation’s infrastructure, such as the improvement, restoration and development of main highways, railways, shipyards, sea ports, the waterways of the Atrato, Cauca, Magdalena and Nechí rivers, and the electric and telephone grids. He also created and established the "“Policia Nacional”" (national police).
Holguín was very much disliked and heavily criticized by the opposition party, the liberals, and Congress made it very difficult for him to govern. In his last address to Congress, before he handed over the presidency to Miguel Antonio Caro, he said: "“In the four years that I have governed, not a single shot has been fired, not a single drop of blood has been spilled and not a single tear has been shed. I leave the country in peace and I did not incur in further debt”".

</doc>
<doc id="20675670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675670" title="United States presidential election in Arkansas, 2008">
United States presidential election in Arkansas, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Arkansas took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 6 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Arkansas was won by Republican John McCain by a 19.9% margin of victory, an even greater margin than George W. Bush did in 2004, despite the national Democratic trend. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. The state trended dramatically Republican in 2008, as McCain performed over 4% better than Bush did in 2004, more than any other state. Only five counties swung more Democratic that year, and the vast majority of counties swung heavily Republican (some by as much as a 30% swing toward the Republicans).
Primaries.
Arkansas swung and trended more Republican than any other state in the nation during the election
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
John McCain won every single opinion poll taken in Arkansas prior to the election. Although, McCain polled just in the low 50% range. RealClearPolitics gave the state an average of 52.3% for McCain, compared to 38.8% for Obama. The margin of victory on election day was more than double of the RCP average. The state was not seriously contested by either campaign.
Fundraising.
Obama raised $1,004,783. McCain raised $934,884. Both candidates raised the most in Pulaski County.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent over $110,350. McCain spent only $459. Neither candidate visited the state.
Analysis.
Although former President Bill Clinton, a Democrat, easily carried his home state of Arkansas in 1992 and again in 1996, the state was largely considered a safe state for John McCain. Early polls gave McCain a double-digit lead among possible voters on Election Day. Although the state remains strongly Democratic at the state and local levels, on Election Day, Arkansas showcased its reliability as a Republican stronghold in presidential elections by voting for McCain by a margin of approximately 20%. A possible factor for such the large swing away from the Democrats could have been the fact that Hillary Rodham Clinton, who once served as First Lady of Arkansas while her husband was Governor, did not receive the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008. The polls showed Hillary Clinton defeating McCain in Arkansas. Obama became the first Democrat in history to win the White House without carrying Arkansas.
During the same election, however, freshman Democratic U.S. Senator Mark Pryor faced no Republican opposition, and was reelected in a landslide victory over Rebekah Kennedy of the Green Party. The four members of the state's delegation to the U.S. House of Representatives (three Democrats and one Republican) were also reelected with no major-party opposition. Republicans, however, picked up three seats in the Arkansas House of Representatives and one Democratic state representative became a Green (he later returned to the Democratic Party in 2009).
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
McCain swept every congressional district in Arkansas, three of which were held by Democrats.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Arkansas cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Arkansas is allocated 6 electors because it has 4 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 6 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 6 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 6 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20675725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675725" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Florida">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Florida

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Florida. There are 18 in total, 5 are springs, 13 are other.

</doc>
<doc id="20675735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675735" title="Weinstock's">
Weinstock's

Weinstock's was an American department store headquartered in Sacramento, California. The store was purchased by The Broadway in 1992, and later purchased by Federated Department Stores (now Macy's, Inc.) in 1995. Shortly after the purchase, most of the Weinstock's stores were converted to Macy's, while the remaining stores were either closed or sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20675738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675738" title="Montenegro–Serbia relations">
Montenegro–Serbia relations

Montenegrin–Serbian relations are foreign relations between Montenegro and Serbia. From 1918 until 2006 the two states were united under the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, and Serbia and Montenegro. Due to recent political developments in the region, the degree of ethnic connection between Montenegrins and Serbs is frequently disputed by historians
History.
Pre-Yugoslavia.
Before Yugoslavia existed, there was very little distinction between Serbs and Montenegrins as both peoples largely held allegiance to the Serbian Orthodox Church, which directly influenced the establishment of the Prince-Bishopric of Montenegro in 1697. Petar II Petrović-Njegoš, one of the most historic rulers of the theocratic Montenegrin Prince-Bishopric, composed literature which would later be considered the backbone of the history of Serbian literature.
World War I and Montenegrin annexation into Yugoslavia.
After Congress of Berlin formally recognized the independence of the de facto sovereign states, relations were improving until officially established in 1897. The Kingdom of Montenegro was Serbia's closest ally in World War I until surrendering to Austria-Hungary in 1916. Montenegro was annexed and subsequently declared under governance of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia on December 20, 1918. Weeks after this date, separatist Montenegrin Greens under Krsto Zrnov Popović started a violent insurrection against pro-Yugoslav unionists known as the Christmas Uprising on January 7, 1919.
World War II.
After the Invasion of Yugoslavia, two challenging resistance groups were active in the territories of Serbia minor and Montenegro; the Yugoslav Partisans and the Chetniks. Serbs and Montenegrins composed 35% of the ethnic composition of Yugoslav Partisans in World War II. Montenegrins have been cited to have been the second largest group within the Chetnik movement after the Serbs. Montenegrin Chetniks were lead and organized largely by Pavle Đurišić, a controversial commander who was killed with his army by Croatian Nazi collaborators in the Battle of Lijevče Field. Đurišić is considered a part of Serbian-Montenegrin history as he was a Serbian-Montenegrin unionist, which is thought to be the reason why Montenegrin separatist Sekula Drljević aided Ustaša forces to kill him.
Serbia and Montenegro as member states of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (1992-2003).
The first Serbian Republic and the Montenegrin republic composed the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia during the breakup of Yugoslavia. Montenegro remained a part of Yugoslavia after an overwhelming majority of the population voted for unity with Serbia in 1992. In the meantime, both Serbia and Montenegro played similar roles during the Balkan Wars, as armed forces from Montenegro frequently fought against separatists of Yugoslavia, most especially in the Siege of Dubrovnik. Radovan Karadžić, former war-time president of Republika Srpska, is often mistaken as a Bosnian Serb—he was in fact an ethnic Drobnjak who was born in Šavnik. He was known to have supported a united state (which never materialized in whole) between Republika Srpska, Serbia, and Montenegro. Throughout his mandate, Yugoslav president Slobodan Milošević appointed several Montenegrin politicians like Milo Đukanović and Svetozar Marović who would cooperate with his regime to a great degree and then denounce him years later. On February 4, 2003, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia changed its name to Serbia and Montenegro. The Constitutional Charter of Serbia and Montenegro, the amended constitution of the previous Federal Republic, allowed either of the two member states to hold an independence referendum once every three years.
Montenegrin independence referendum (2006).
The last independence referendum in Montenegro was held on May 21, 2006. It was approved by 55.5% of voters, narrowly passing the 55% threshold set by the European Union. By 23 May, preliminary referendum results were recognized by all five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council, indicating widespread international recognition of Montenegro once independence would be formally declared. On 31 May the referendum commission officially confirmed the results of the referendum, verifying that 55.5% of the population of Montenegrin voters had voted in favor of independence. Milo Đukanović, the national PM at the time, was the leader of the pro-independent bloc centered around the Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro. Predrag Bulatović led the coalition of pro-unionist parties during the referendum campaign.
Contemporary relations.
Montenegro has an embassy in Belgrade and Serbia has an embassy in Podgorica. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), and the Central European Free Trade Agreement (CEFTA). Both countries are also recognized as potential candidate countries by the European Union.
Political rhetoric.
After the Kosovo declaration of independence, Serbia expelled the ambassador of Montenegro in October 2008, following the Montenegrin recognition of the independence of Kosovo. Montenegrin Prime Minister Milo Đukanović slammed his colleague's forced removal from Belgrade, claiming that relations between the two nations have become "unacceptably bad." Almost one year later Serbia finally accepted Igor Jovović to take on the role of the new Montenegrin ambassador.
After being elected the new Serbian president in May 2012, Tomislav Nikolić gave an interview to Televizija Crne Gore, during which he stated:
Mafia conflict and assassinations.
The Montenegrin mafia is known to operate illegally in Serbia, most especially in Belgrade. It is thought that Montenegrin elements induced the assassination of Serbian warlord Arkan on January 15, 2000. On October 9, 2009, Montenegrin businessman Branislav Šaranović who owned the casino in Slavija Hotel in Belgrade was killed by firearms in the city's upscale neighbourhood of Dedinje by two masked assassins. A new wave of assassinations by Montenegrin underworld criminals began with a car bomb that killed controversial businessman Boško Raičević in Dorćol on June 23, 2012. Only a couple of weeks later, Tanjug released a report claiming that the long-disappeared Montenegrin drug lord Darko Šarić offered a €10 million contract for professional assassins to liquidate Boris Tadić, Ivica Dačić, and other Serbian politicians and police chiefs.

</doc>
<doc id="20675746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675746" title="Richard Hambleton">
Richard Hambleton

Richard Hambleton (born June 1954) is an artist-painter currently living and working in the Lower East Side of New York City. Richard Hambleton has been called the godfather of street art. He is the surviving member of a group who, together with Keith Haring and Jean-Michel Basquiat, had great success coming out of the New York City art scene during the booming art market of the 1980s. Much of Hambleton's work is compared to graffiti art, however, Hambleton considers his work to be "public art".
Early life.
Richard Hambleton was born in Vancouver, Canada in June 1954. He earned his Bachelor in Fine Arts from the Emily Carr School of Art in Vancouver in 1975. Hambleton was also Founder and Co-Director “Pumps” Center for Alternative Art, a gallery, performance and video space in Vancouver.
Image Mass Murder.
Richard Hambleton's early public art is noteworthy for his Image Mass Murder concept. From 1976 to 1979 Hambleton painted a police "chalk" outline around bodies of volunteer "homicide victims." He then splashed some red paint on the outline, leaving behind a realistic looking crime scene. These "crime scenes" were done on the streets of 15 major cities across the United States and Canada. Like Hambleton's future "Shadowman" paintings, the Image Mass Murder "crime scenes" would often have the effect of startling or shocking passersby.
Shadowman.
Richard Hambleton is most famous for his "Shadowman" paintings of the early 1980s. Each painting resembles a life-sized silhouetted image of some mysterious person, a "splashy shadow figure." These "shadow paintings" were splashed and brushed with black paint on hundreds of buildings and other structures across New York City. Locations were believed to be calculated for maximum impact upon unsuspecting pedestrians. Very often, a "Shadowman" could be found in a dark alley or lurking just around a street corner. Hambleton later expanded the scope of his project and painted these "shadowmen" in other cities, including Paris, London and Rome, and even, in 1984, he painted 17 life-size figures on the East side of the Berlin Wall, returning a year later to paint more figures on the West side of the Berlin Wall.
"Marlboro Man".
Moving beyond public art, Richard Hambleton produced a variation of his "shadow" work, showing his "Shadowman" as a sort of "rodeo man," or rugged "Marlboro Man," often riding a bucking horse. This series was painted on canvas and other materials, where they could be displayed as works of art. Inspired by the Marlboro (cigarette) magazine advertisements, which in some ways exploited the image of a uniquely "American hero" to sell its product, Hambleton appropriated and modified the image to create a new series of work. Some paintings even have the Marlboro lettering of the advertisement showing through a layer of transparent paint, which presents to the viewer the original inspiration behind the work, together with the artist's dramatic alteration and personal expression. The result is a statement of how the boundaries between art and life, can be disrupted. The viewer is put into a position of confronting his or her preconceived ideas on various subjects not unlike the viewer who might have stumbled upon one of Hambleton's public art pieces. Not only the Marlboro Man image but the surrounding landscape (called "Marlboro Country" in the advertisements), was transformed to become part of the overall theme of this series.
Beautiful Paintings.
Richard Hambleton followed with a new body of work he entitled, "Beautiful Paintings." In these pieces, Hambleton used transparent paint on a metallic leaf background in order to reflect light and color to and from the viewer, who unwittingly becomes part of the visual effect. Some pieces were done with metallic leaf on canvas and others on a mirror-like or metallic surface. With strong use of color, these pieces stand in stark contrast to his "shadow" work. Hambleton has stated that this work was a reaction against the abundance of figurative painting displayed in galleries at the time, to which he chose not include figurative work of his own. Hambleton said that he also intentionally sought out a different mood, "with a different sensibility," from his previous work.
Galleries, Museums and Collections.
During his career, Richard Hambleton's works have been shown internationally in world-class galleries and museums, including paintings on canvas and paper of his "shadow" work. Richard Hambleton's artwork has been represented in the Venice Biennale in 1984 and 1988, and his work is part of numerous permanent collections including that of the Museum of Modern Art.
Renewed interest.
In 2007, director of the Woodward Gallery of New York City, John Woodward, helped launch a resurgence of interest in Hambleton's work, by featuring Richard Hambleton in his first solo exhibition in over a decade. The resulting exhibition, entitled "The Beautiful Paintings," gained much recognition for Richard Hambleton, as it gathered the largest collection of the Beautiful Paintings series to date. The exhibit was also the first to associate the artist’s name with his most recent work, the Beautiful Paintings, in the public mind. Richard Hambleton even painted his trademark, a lone, black Shadowman figure, on the gallery’s wall in order to “safe-guard” his paintings, which also highlighted and added context to the artist's bold "post-Shadowman" direction.
Spotlight and Retrospective.
In 2009, the works of Richard Hambleton were displayed in an exhibition celebrating his 40 year career as an artist entitled, "Richard Hambleton - New York." The exhibit was the result of a collaborative effort between Vladimir Restoin Roitfeld, Andy Valmorbida, and Giorgio Armani. Thirty five pieces of Hambleton's work, spanning from the early 1980s to the present were exhibited, showing his "Shadowman" and "Marlboro Man" works on canvas (and other materials), presented side-by-side with his "Beautiful Paintings." The show was a great success and all the art work sold-out.
Part of the exhibit featured a series photographic images of photographer, author and music producer, Hank O'Neal, who had taken many photographs of the "Shadowman" works in 1982, and who also attended the show. O'Neal is said to have sought out examples of the "Shadowman" to photograph because he felt they were interesting examples of graffiti art, which itself was so prevalent at the time. Stunning in beauty and realism, O'Neal's "Shadowman" series now stand as both art and documentation, bringing an honest perspective to the nature of Richard Hambelton's early 1980s public art.
Presented at a space located at 560 Washington Street in New York City, the show was heavily publicized and featured as part of New York Fashion Week. Designed to be an "art event," similar to those in the days of Andy Warhol, the opening attracted many celebrities, including Mary J. Blige, Bruce Willis, Alicia Keys, and Jennifer Aniston; as well as a host of supermodels of the fashion world, including Lily Donaldson and Bar Refaeli. The show opened on September 15, 2009, and is seen by some as firmly solidifying Richard Hambleton's distinguished place in the history of modern art.
Recent Exhibitions.
In 2010, Richard Hambelton continued his comeback gaining renewed recognition with an exhibit of artwork in Milan, Italy at the Armani Teatro, presented by Giorgio Armani and curated by Andy Valmorbida and Vladimir Restoin Roitfeld, which was also purported to be sold-out.
At the 2010 annual AIDS charity amfAR dinner party, held during the Cannes Film Festival, two paintings of Richard Hambleton were auctioned for a combined $920,000.00, to help raise funds for AIDS research. In May 2013 Richard Hambleton was featured in a solo exhibition entitled "Beautiful Paintings" at the Art Gallery at the Rockefeller State Park Preserve in Sleepy Hollow, NY. The exhibition was made possible by Woodward Gallery of New York City and the Friends of the Rockefeller State Park Preserve Art Gallery. 
Art Review and Art Criticism.
New York Times art critic Michael Brenson, when commenting on Hambleton's exceptional skill at handling paint, wrote, "When he throws white or black on the canvas, his waves break, his rodeo rider bucks, a man shot seems blown apart."
Papermag in October 2009 wrote of Hambleton: "Memo to Banksy: You owe Richard Hambleton a small fortune in royalties. You too, KAWS. Hambleton’s early ’80’s onsite works-dynamic, painted “Shadowmen” on street corners and in alleyways-are clear precursors of the early ’00’s graffiti-art boom, and Hambleton himself, a contemporary of Keith Haring and Jean-Michel Basquiat, one of its unsung godfathers".
Artist Influence.
Blek le Rat (Xavier Prou) commented, when asked by the Wooster Collective what artists he admired, "From the old school I really like Richard Hambleton. This American artist from NYC was the first street artist to export his work all over the world. It was really incredible to do that in the beginning of the 80s! This guy put his shadows in every city in Europe and so you could find them in Paris, London, Roma, Berlin, etc..."
Victor Matthews, an artist born in Brooklyn in 1963, and a graduate of the New York’s High School of Art and Design, cites artists such as Keith Haring and Richard Hambleton for his inspiration, artists who, he says, "made the city streets and subways their own."
Banksy’s work may be the most famous street art in the world, but the man who inspired him to first take out his stencils and spray paints in the dead of night was Richard Hambleton.

</doc>
<doc id="20675749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675749" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Georgia">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Georgia

There are ten National Natural Landmarks in the U.S. state of Georgia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20675777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675777" title="Tom Barton (politician)">
Tom Barton (politician)

Thomas Alfred (Tom) Barton (born 11 August 1949) is an Australian politician. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1992 to 2006 as the member for Waterford.
Barton was Minister for Environment & Heritage under the Goss government from 1995 to 1996. In the first Beattie government (1998–2001) he was Minister for Police & Corrective Services; under the second Beattie government (2001–2004), Minister for State Development; and Minister for Employment, Training & Industrial Relations in the third Beattie government (2004–2006).
He was also a member of the ACTU Wages Committee from 1984 to 1992 and was a founding director of sunsuper, the largest superannuation fund in Queensland.
Barton was born in Ayr, Queensland. He is a qualified tradesman and he enjoys motor racing and rugby league.

</doc>
<doc id="20675787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675787" title="One Month Off">
One Month Off

"One Month Off" is the third single from Bloc Party's third album, "Intimacy". It was released on 26 January 2009 only on 7-inch vinyl and digital download.
The music video was made by Team D.A.D.D.Y and features footage from Ray Harryhausen's fairy tale stop motion films, augmented by CGI scenes of war. The band does not appear in the music video.
The song was popular on alternative-formatted radio stations in the United States and peaked at number 49 on the Mediabase alternative chart.
However, the release charted lower in the UK than any other Bloc Party single, at #170.
Track listing.
Limited 7" single
Digital EP

</doc>
<doc id="20675796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675796" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Guam">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Guam

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Guam. There are 4 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20675807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675807" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Hawaii">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Hawaii

These are the National Natural Landmarks in the U.S. state of Hawaii. 

</doc>
<doc id="20675811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675811" title="Gundlakamma River">
Gundlakamma River

The Gundlakamma () is a seasonal river that flows through the east central part of the state of Andhra Pradesh, India. It arises in the Nallamalla Hills, an offshoot of the Eastern Ghats. Its main headwaters lie some 6 kilometers from the village of Ardhaveedu, Prakasam District at an altitude of 425 m. above MSL. Numerous mountain streams join it as it descends down the thickly forested hills through a series of curves and tight bends. It follows a north-easterly direction and enters the plains near Cumbum, after flowing through a town named after it. Gundlakamma is the largest of all the rivers that originate from the Nallamalla Hills.
A 15th-century dam built by the Gajapati kings straddles the river on its entry into the plains. It is an earthen dam that plugs the narrow outlet of a wide gorge that the river flows through. Called the Cumbum Dam, it is high, has a drainage area of and a capacity of . The river then flows past the town of Markapur and towards the Coromandel Coast. It finally enters the Bay of Bengal, some 19 km east of Ongole after having covered a distance of 225 km.
Dams.
Apart from the ancient dam at Cumbum mentioned above, a modern dam called Gundlakamma Reservoir Project too has been constructed across the river at Chinna Mallapuram, Prakasam District. Some high, this dam has a capacity of and can irrigate of land. It will also provide drinking water for the 250,000 people living in Ongole and its surrounding hamlets.
Veligonda project is under construction to connect the river basin with the adjacent Krishna River basin by a 20 km long tunnel from the Srisailam reservoir. Construction of a 40 tmc capacity storage reservoir is also part of this project. Once this project is completed, the reliability of water supply to all the irrigation projects in the river basin would enhance vastly.
Bridges.
The Guntur-Guntakal railway track of the South Central Railway crosses the river over the embankment at Cumbum as well as at two other places before it. The Vijayawada-Chennai mainline of the same railway crosses the river a few kilometres before its mouth. Near the same place, National Highway 5 also spans the river at vellampalli village.
Floods.
Though a tame river generally, the heavy monsoonal rains in 2001 caused the river to burst its banks and flood areas along its course. About 15 people were washed away by its gushing waters in the month of October, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20675818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675818" title="Serbia–Sweden relations">
Serbia–Sweden relations

Serbian–Swedish relations are foreign relations between Serbia and Sweden. Serbia has an embassy in Stockholm. Sweden has an embassy in Belgrade. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).

</doc>
<doc id="20675844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675844" title="Sangra">
Sangra

In the subcontinent of India, Sangras are Hindu Brahmins in Jammu Region of Jammu and Kashmir, India. Settled in Kootah village, District Kathua, Jammu and Hindu jats in Punjab & Haryana settled in village Thol district Kurukshetra (Haryana), Hosiarpur (Punjab), India. Hindu Jats claimed that they got the surname Sangra from Raja Sangu as they are decedents of Raja Sangu. 
The surname Sangra does not denote any religion but it has come from the name of a place called Sangra in Ladakh, India along river Suru.
There is a Sangra village in district Kargil of Ladakh, India along with Suru River. In this village there are Muslims, Buddhists and Hindus; all known as Sangras. There is a Sangar village near holy Purmandal in Jammu district of Jammu and Kashmir state. It is widely believed that the Sangras of village Kootah have migrated from village Sanghar near Purmandal.
From this village they probably moved to various places in search of fertile land and migrated to various regions nearby i.e. Punjab (Pakistan), Punjab (India), Haryana (India), J&K (India), Sindh (Pakistan) and Tibet. 
Sangra is also a Muslim Rajput tribe found in Punjab, Pakistan.
The tribe claims descent from Sangra, a Bhatti Rajput from Bikaner, in what is now Rajasthan, India. In the 14th century, the tribe migrated from Rajasthan and settled in Kathala, the ruins of which are near Tibba Tanwi-Wala, near Bahwalpur, in what is now Pakistan. They are said to have converted to Islam in the 17th century. They use the surname Rai.
They are found throughout southern Punjab, with concentrations in Jhang District as well as in some other southern Punjab districts like Layyah, Multan, Okara and Sahiwal.
They are also found in Indonesia.
Irrespective of any religion they all are very fond of lands and horse riding and have similar physical characteristics i.e. they are tall, broad shouldered and have pointed noses.
Some facts:

</doc>
<doc id="20675846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675846" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1904–1906">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1904–1906

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1904 to 1906. Half of its members were elected at the 29–30 March 1901 election and had terms deemed to start on 1 January 1901 and finishing on 31 December 1906; the other half were elected at the 16 December 1903 election and had terms starting on 1 January 1904 and finishing on 30 June 1910, extended as a result of the 1906 referendum, which changed Senate terms to finish on 30 June, rather than 31 December.

</doc>
<doc id="20675854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675854" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Idaho">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Idaho

These are 11 National Natural Landmarks in Idaho. 

</doc>
<doc id="20675858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675858" title="Tajpur Manjha">
Tajpur Manjha

Tajpur Manjha is village in Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, situated on the bank of the River Ganges. It is located in Zamania taluk of Ghazipur district.
This Village was very active in independence movement of India. This is the motherland of many freedom fighters...
It is declared swarna jayanti village.

</doc>
<doc id="20675872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675872" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Illinois">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Illinois

The National Natural Landmarks in Illinois include 18 of the almost 600 National Natural Landmarks (NNLs) in the United States. They cover areas of geological, biological and historical importance, and include lakes, bogs, canyons and forests. The landmarks are located in 13 of the state's 102 counties. Five counties each contain all or part of two or more NNLs, while one landmark is split between two counties. The first designation, Forest of the Wabash, was made in 1965, while the most recent designation, Markham Prairie, was made in 1987. Natural Landmarks in Illinois range from in size. Owners include private individuals and several county, state and federal agencies.
The National Natural Landmarks Program is administered by the National Park Service, a branch of the Department of the Interior. The National Park Service determines which properties meet NNL criteria and, after notifying the owners, makes nomination recommendations. The Secretary of the Interior reviews nominations and, based on a set of predetermined criteria, makes a decision on NNL designation or a determination of eligibility for designation. Both public and privately owned properties can be designated as NNLs. Owners may object to the nomination of the property as a NNL. This designation provides indirect, partial protection of the historic integrity of the properties via tax incentives, grants, monitoring of threats, and other means.

</doc>
<doc id="20675887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675887" title="Serbia–Turkey relations">
Serbia–Turkey relations

Serbian–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Serbia and Turkey. Serbia has an embassy in Ankara and a consulate-general in Istanbul. Turkey has an embassy in Belgrade. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), the Central European Free Trade Agreement (CEFTA) and the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation (BSEC).
Agreements.
In June 2009, the two countries signed a free trade agreement.
Modern relations.
Turkish Defense Minister Vecdi Gönül and Serbian Defense Minister Dragan Šutanovac met in Ankara on 12 May 2009 to sign a defence cooperation agreement. Gönül stated that, “Although we do not have a common border, we see Serbia as a neighbour,” and, “Turkey desires to maintain and improve its relations with Serbia the most, among all the other Balkan states.” Šutanovac confirmed that, “There are a lot of things to do in this field,” and, “We are thinking of taking some initiatives in the defense industry together, like co-production in Turkey or Serbia.”
Turkish President Abdullah Gül paid a visit to Serbia on 26 October 2009, and became the first Turkish President to visit Serbia since 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20675915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675915" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Indiana">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Indiana

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20675950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675950" title="Martha Needle">
Martha Needle

Martha Needle was known for poisoning her husband, 3 children and future brother-in-law, and was hanged on 22 October 1894 at the age of 30. Martha was convicted for the murder of Louis Juncken, brother of her fiance Otto Juncken, on 15 May 1894. Although Martha collected substantial sums of insurance money this was not the motive for her own family which was never determined. Several times she stated her innocence, but was eventually hanged.
Early life.
Martha was born near Morgan, South Australia in 1863, an attractive woman with a kindly disposition she grew up in a violent and abusive household, and had shown signs of mental instability from an early age. At 17 she married Henry Needle at North Adelaide and in 1882 gave birth to a daughter Mabel followed by Elsie in 1883 and May in September 1886. The family moved to the Melbourne suburb of Richmond in 1885.
The killings.
On the 23rd of February 1885 little Mabel Needle died after a short illness. Martha stated that she " seemed to fade ". Martha later collected 100 pounds (2010:$40,000) life insurance on Mabel's death. Henry, who was insured for 200 pounds, died of a mysterious illness on October 4, 1889, followed by Elsie in 1890 and May later that year. Doctors were baffled. Martha spent almost all the insurance money on an elaborate family grave which she visited regularly.
Louis Juncken, a friend from Adelaide, operated a saddlery business with his brother Otto at 137 Bridge Road, Richmond and in 1891 Martha sub-let the attached house and took in lodgers. Martha began an affair with Otto in 1893 but Louis and his other brother Herman disapproved and attempted to prevent their engagement. The following year Louis became ill and died of suspected typhoid. In June 1894 Herman travelled to Melbourne from Adelaide to handle his late brother's affairs, he ate a meal prepared by Martha and suddenly became ill. He recovered but became ill again the next day after eating breakfast. Two days later Herman had fully recovered but while eating lunch, prepared by Martha, he was seized by painful violent cramps. Doctor Boyd treated Herman for suspected poisoning and took a sample of Herman's vomit and sent it to the Government laboratory for analysis. The analyst reported that the sample contained arsenic.
Arrest, trial and execution.
Doctor Boyd informed the police of his suspicions and a trap was set, the police asked Herman to ask Martha to make lunch. After being served a cup of tea, Herman literally "blew the whistle", summoning detectives who arrived as Martha was struggling with Herman to upset the tea cup, which was found to contain enough arsenic to kill five people.
Martha was charged with attempted murder. The body of Louis Juncken, interred in Lyndoch, South Australia was exhumed and samples sent to Melbourne. The bodies of Henry Needle and the three girls, interred in Kew, were also exhumed. All five bodies were found to contain fatal levels of arsenic and Martha was charged with the murder of Louis Juncken. Pleading not guilty, the trial lasted three days, with Martha being found guilty and sentenced to death, though she pleaded her innocence.
Martha Needle was executed at 8.00am on 22 October 1894. Despite insisting her own innocence when asked for last words, Martha replied, "I have nothing to say."
During the Great Depression the Brighton City Council built bluestone walls to protect local beaches from erosion. The stones were taken from the outer walls of the Old Melbourne Gaol and included the headstones (initials and date of execution engraved on a stone at the head of the graves) of all those executed and buried on the grounds. Although most were placed with the engravings facing inwards, Martha's stone was faced outwards and the initials MN and date is still clearly visible in the Green Point wall.
Martha was the third of four women hanged at the Old Melbourne Gaol, where her death mask can be seen. The others were Elizabeth Scott (1863), Frances Knorr (1894) and Emma Williams (1895).
Execution of nephew.
On 15 July 1920, Alexander Newland Lee, the son of Martha's older sister Ellen, was hanged at Adelaide Gaol for the April 1 murder of his wife Muriel. Muriel had been poisoned with strychnine.

</doc>
<doc id="20675952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675952" title="Shaun Donovan">
Shaun Donovan

Shaun L. S. Donovan (born January 24, 1966) is the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, serving in the cabinet of President Barack Obama. Prior to this he headed the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development. On December 13, 2008, in his weekly national radio address, President-elect Barack Obama announced that he would appoint Donovan to his cabinet. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate through unanimous consent on January 22, 2009 and sworn-in on January 26.
Early life and education.
Born in New York, Donovan earned undergraduate and graduate degrees from Harvard University, receiving his bachelor's in 1987, and earning a Master of Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government and a Master of Architecture from the Graduate School of Design in 1995.
Career.
During the Clinton administration and the transition to the Bush administration, Donovan was Deputy Assistant Secretary for Multifamily Housing at HUD, and was acting FHA commissioner. He became Commissioner of the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development in 2004.
While Secretary, Donovan oversaw the allocation of 75% of HUD's share of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act within one week of the bill's passage.
During the 2008 United States Presidential campaign, Donovan worked for the Obama campaign.
For President Obama's State of the Union addresses in 2010, Donovan served as the designated survivor.

</doc>
<doc id="20675953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675953" title="Linda MacLennan">
Linda MacLennan

Linda S. MacLennan Rammelt (born May 25, 1956), known professionally as Linda MacLennan, is a former television news anchor and reporter who spent the majority of her career with WBBM-TV in Chicago, Illinois.
Early life and education.
Born in Toronto, MacLennan is the daughter of a Canadian father and an American mother. She earned a degree from Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario.
Professional career.
MacLennan originally had planned to pursue a career in print journalism but switched to broadcasting after a college internship at CJOH-TV in Ottawa, Ontario.
MacLennan co-anchored "Canada AM" on CTV from 1985 to 1987.
In 1986, MacLennan was struck by a policeman on a motorcycle in Toronto and developed a blood clot on the brain. After doctors failed in their efforts to dissolve the blood clot with drugs, they operated on her at substantial risk to her. She eventually made a full recovery.
In March 1987, MacLennan left CTV to join WBBM-TV in Chicago as a reporter and late afternoon co-anchor. In April 1989, MacLennan became WBBM-TV's 10 p.m. co-anchor, replacing Walter Jacobson in the anchor chair alongside Bill Kurtis. Jacobson had been the station's 10 p.m. co-anchor since 1973.
In 1995, Kurtis stepped down as WBBM's 10 p.m. co-anchor, and Lester Holt was promoted to replace Kurtis alongside MacLennan.
In 1996, MacLennan appeared on the pilot episode of Early Edition as a newscaster.
In February 2000, MacLennan was demoted as WBBM's 10 p.m. co-anchor as both she and Holt were demoted in favor of a solo anchor experiment involving Carol Marin. After station bosses pulled the plug on Marin as solo anchor in October 2000, WBBM then made MacLennan an interim 10 p.m. co-anchor, alongside David Kerley. However, in December 2000, WBBM hired Tracy Townsend as a 10 p.m. co-anchor alongside Kerley, and MacLennan shifted to being a solo 11 a.m. news anchor (replacing Jay Levine and Mary Ann Childers) and a 4:30 p.m. co-anchor alongside Vince Gerasole. In 2001, MacLennan got a co-anchor for the 11 a.m. newscast, Michael Ayala.
In April 2002, MacLennan again returned to co-anchoring the 10 p.m. news, this time supplanting Townsend alongside the newly hired Antonio Mora.
With a new general manager, Joe Ahern, on board, MacLennan abruptly took a contract buyout from WBBM in February 2003.
Legal activity.
In October 2008, MacLennan was knocked to the ground after confronting a man suspected of breaking into cars in the parking lot of a Skokie, Illinois shopping mall, including her own vehicle.
Personal.
In August 1992, MacLennan married Chicago attorney David Rammelt. They have three children: Taylor Albert, Carson Charles and Charlotte Grace Nelson Rammelt. They live in Wilmette, Illinois.
MacLennan is a naturalized U.S. citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="20675973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675973" title="The Rock railway station">
The Rock railway station

The Rock railway station is on the Main Southern railway line in New South Wales, Australia. It serves the small Riverina town of The Rock, located between Henty and Wagga Wagga. The station was opened with the opening of the railway in 1880, initially as "Hanging Rock". It was renamed "Kingston" in 1882 and "The Rock" in 1883. The station has an altitude of 216 metres and has 1 platform and 2 tracks.
The NSW trainlink XPT operates from this station twice daily. It was once also the location to change to travel on both the Oaklands and Westby branchlines. 

</doc>
<doc id="20675980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20675980" title="James Murphy (Irish politician)">
James Murphy (Irish politician)

James Edward Murphy (28 December 1887 – 7 October 1961) was an Irish politician. A draper, he was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Louth–Meath constituency. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. He was re-elected as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election. 
At the 1923 general election, he was elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD for the Louth constituency. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election until he lost his seat at the 1937 general election. He was a founding member of Council 32 of the Knights of St Columbanus in Drogheda and was secretary for many years and was Grand Knight in 1942 and 1943. He is buried in St. Peter's Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20676012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676012" title="Twenty Something (film)">
Twenty Something (film)

Twenty Something (晚九朝五) is a 1994 Hong Kong film directed by Teddy Chan Tak-Sum (陳德森) and presented by Eric Tsang. It is the sole Category-III film in UFO's (United Filmmakers Organization) list of credits, and features a popular theme song "Wish" (願) sung by Sandy Lam. Then newcomer Jordan Chan won Best Supporting Actor at the 14th Hong Kong Film Awards for his role in the film.
Teddy reproduced it in Twenty Something Taipei (台北晚九朝五) (2002), the theme of the Mandarin theme song sung by Elva Hsiao is the 1994 theme song.
Plot.
After working, these youth have heavy night living, drink wine, having sex with different people, and sleep late. They have different endings, some goes to normal living, and some dies. In the 2002 film, there are new characters and some romance, and there are generation and region culture difference.

</doc>
<doc id="20676021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676021" title="Mélégué Maurice Traoré">
Mélégué Maurice Traoré

Mélégué Maurice Traoré (born 31 December 1951) is a Burkinabé politician. He was Minister of Secondary and Higher Education and Scientific Research from 1992 to 1997, then President of the National Assembly of Burkina Faso from 1997 to 2002. Currently he is a deputy in the National Assembly and a member of the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP).
Biography.
Traoré was born in Kankalaba. He served as Secretary-General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as "Chargé d'affaires" at the Burkinabé Embassy to the United States, and as Ambassador to Russia before being appointed as Minister of Secondary and Higher Education and Scientific Research in 1992. Five years later, following the May 1997 parliamentary election, he was elected as President of the National Assembly on 7 June 1997, holding that post until the end of the parliamentary term in 2002.
Traoré was re-elected to the National Assembly in the May 2002 parliamentary election as a CDP candidate in Cascades Region, but Roch Marc Christian Kaboré was elected to succeed him as President of the National Assembly on 6 June 2002. Traoré continued to sit in the National Assembly as an ordinary deputy. According to Traoré, he stayed busy despite a reduced volume of work, and he stood as a candidate again in the 2007 parliamentary election despite widespread speculation that he would not. He also denied rumors that his relationship with President Blaise Compaoré had suffered, saying that he met with Compaoré less frequently only because he held less responsibility as an ordinary deputy than he did as President of the National Assembly. In the May 2007 parliamentary election, he was again elected to the National Assembly as the CDP's candidate in Leraba Province.
Traoré was the Regional Political Commissioner of the CDP in Cascades Region for some years and subsequently served in a lesser role as the CDP's regional Commissioner for Legal Affairs. Beginning in 1991, he led the ruling party's campaigns in Cascades Region. In the campaign for the November 2005 presidential election, Traoré was initially the deputy of the CDP's campaign director for Cascades Region, Alain Ludovic Tou, but after Tou was involved in an accident Traoré took over as the regional campaign director. Traoré predicted a first round victory for President Compaoré.
Traoré has also served as Commissioner-General and President of the Burkinabé Federation of Scouting.

</doc>
<doc id="20676034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676034" title="Junee railway station">
Junee railway station

Junee Railway Station is located on the Main Southern railway line in the town of Junee, New South Wales, Australia. Its altitude is 301 metres.
It has a single platform, privately owned railway workshops, and an extensive rail yard. Passengers are served by the NSW TrainLink XPT Melbourne - Sydney services and the weekly Xplorer diesel railcar service to Griffith. Regional Rail Logistics once did but no longer operates a containerised freight service from Junee to Sydney, with interstate freight trains also passing through the town. The Bethungra Spiral is located outside the town, where the railway ascends a steep grade.
History.
The original station opened on 6 July 1878. The name was changed to Junee Junction upon the opening of the branch to Narrandera on 28 February 1881. The current station building, including the Railway Refreshment Rooms and Hotel, was completed in March 1885. The name reverted to Junee in April 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="20676037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676037" title="Thomas O'Donnell (Irish politician)">
Thomas O'Donnell (Irish politician)

Thomas O'Donnell (died 1945) was an Irish politician. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Sligo–Mayo East constituency. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. He was re-elected as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election. At the 1923 general election, he stood as a Cumann na nGaedheal candidate for the Leitrim–Sligo constituency but he was not elected.

</doc>
<doc id="20676054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676054" title="Cootamundra railway station">
Cootamundra railway station

Cootamundra Railway Station is located on the Main Southern railway line in Cootamundra, New South Wales, Australia. It opened in 1877 and is at an altitude of 329 metres. The station consists of a large building on the main platform which previously housed a "Railway Refreshment Room", and a now disused island platform. The environs contain several goods sidings and grain silo. The largest overhead signal gantry in the Southern Hemisphere was erected at Cootamundra in 1943, and was relocated and now stands preserved in the station surrounds.
Passengers are served by NSW TrainLink XPT Melbourne - Sydney services and the weekly Sydney - Griffith Xplorer, Regional Rail Logistics operates a containerised freight service from Junee to Sydney, with interstate freight trains also passing through the town.

</doc>
<doc id="20676055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676055" title="Sterile deposit">
Sterile deposit

In archaeology, a sterile deposit is a geological stratum that lacks any materials of archaeological significance. That is, there are no artifacts, ecofacts, or features present.

</doc>
<doc id="20676069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676069" title="Luke Shuey">
Luke Shuey

Luke Shuey (born 2 June 1990) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Career.
Shuey was selected by West Coast with the 18th (priority) pick in the 2008 AFL Draft. Luke had played all his junior football with Bulleen Templestowe (The Bullants) and Marcellin College after which he was selected to play with the Oakleigh Chargers in the TAC Cup, during which he was then selected to represent Vic Metro in the 2008 National Championships (having also won the team's best and fairest). He completed Year 12 in 2008 at Marcellin College. Shortly after being drafted his sister was killed in a Motorcycle accident.
Shuey kicked his first goal with his first kick in AFL football, against the Brisbane Lions on 27 March 2010.
Shuey received the Rising star nomination for Round 2 2011 after a 27 disposals and three goals against Port. He finished the year runner-up Rising Star, losing to Dyson Heppell by 7 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20676073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676073" title="Cyrill Kistler">
Cyrill Kistler

Cyrill Kistler (12 May 1848, Großaitingen, Swabia, Germany – 1 January 1907, Bad Kissingen, Lower Franconia, Germany) was a German composer, music theoretician, Music educator and Music publisher.
Life.
Born into a Swabian family of craftsmen, Kistler attended the "Lehrerseminar" (Teacher seminar) in Lauingen (Swabia) from 1864 to 1867. Subsequently, he firstly worked as a teacher at various places in Middle Swabia. However, when he was no longer content with this way of making a living, he, instead, concentrated merely on making and composing music. From 1876 to 1878, he was a student at the "Königliche Musikschule" (Royal Music School) in Munich in the subjects organ and composition; one of his teachers was Josef Rheinberger. Afterwards, in 1883, he took over the position of a teacher for Music theory at the "Fürstliches Konservatorium" (Baronial Academy of Music) at Sondershausen. In 1876, he got to know Richard Wagner at Bayreuth, whose work exerted a deep influence on Kistler.
From 1884 on, he worked at Bad Kissingen in Lower Franconia, where he founded an own music school. From 1880 on, he published the music journal "„Musikalische Tagesfragen. Organ für Musiker, Musikfreunde und Freunde der Wahrheit“" ("„Current questions on music. An organ for musicians, friends of music and friends of truth“"). The journal existed for a period of 12 years, with periods of interruptions due to Kistler's health problems in between. Kistler composed operas (for instance "„Baldurs Tod“", "„Die Kleinstädter“", "„Kunihild“", "„Der Schmied von Kochel“" und "„Eulenspiegel“"), secular and clerical choral works, songs, and pieces for organ and piano. In 1904, Kistler published his harmonics "„Der einfache Kontrapunkt und die einfache Fuge“" ("„The Simple Counterpoint and the Simple Fugue“").
In his lifetime, Kistler became very well known through his work and by writing more than 200 works. He was placed on a par with Richard Strauss and, in a certain way, was in competition with him. When Kistler premiered his opera „Eulenspiegel“ at Würzburg in 1889, Richard Strauss, though, regarded the libretto of the opera to be "„clumsy“" and "„amusing“". Instead, he used the opera as an opportunity to write his own Symphonic poem "„Till Eulenspiegel's Merry Pranks“" a few years later, which had far more success.
Richard Wagner described his friend Cyrill Kistler as his only dignified successor. Kistler's former teacher Josef Rheinberger dedicated his work "„De profundis“", which he had written on April 22, 1881, to his former student Kistler with the handwritten dedication on it: "„Herrn Cyrill Kistler zu freundl. Erinnerung. München 16.5.1896. J. Rh.“" ("„To Mr. Cyrill Kistler on a friendly memory. Munich, May 16th 1896, J. Rh.“").
However, Kistlers music is nowadays sunk into oblivion to a great extent. His grave on the Bad Kissingen "Kapellenfriedhof" ("Chapel Cemetery") is unnoticed.
Among his students was the pianist Mieczysław Horszowski, who was once described as Polish „child prodigy“.
Tributes.
In Bad Kissingen as well as in Großaitingen, streets named after Cyrill Kistler are to be found. In Großaitingen, there is a memorial stone opposite to the house of his birth.

</doc>
<doc id="20676079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676079" title="Harden railway station">
Harden railway station

Harden railway station in Harden, New South Wales is on the Main Southern railway line between Yass Junction and Cootamundra. NSW TrainLink provide four XPT services passing through the town daily, an Xplorer service to Griffith on Saturday returning Sundays and a daily coach service between Cootamundra and Canberra.
History.
A railway station was opened one km east of Murrumburrah on the Main Southern line in 1877 as "Murrumburrah Station", but changed its name to "Harden Station", a year after the opening of a new station in Murrumburrah in 1879. Harden has remained as the main station and, as a result, became the main town.

</doc>
<doc id="20676089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676089" title="Marc Stuart Dreier">
Marc Stuart Dreier

Marc Stuart Dreier (born May 12, 1950), is an American lawyer who was sentenced to 20 years in federal prison in 2009 for committing investment fraud using a Ponzi scheme. He is scheduled to be released from FCI Sandstone on October 26, 2026. On May 11, 2009, he pleaded guilty to eight charges of fraud in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The eight charges included one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud and wire fraud, one count of money laundering, one count of securities fraud, and five counts of wire fraud in a scheme to sell $700 million in fictitious promissory notes. Civil charges, filed in December 2008 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are pending.
He is the sole equity partner of the dissolved law firm, Dreier, LLP. On October 8, 2009, the state of New York disbarred him. He had been admitted in May 1976.
Early life, education, and career milestones.
Marc Dreier grew up on the south shore of Long Island in an affluent area known as the Five Towns. His father, a Jewish immigrant from Poland, owned a chain of movie theaters. Dreier presided over the Lawrence High School student council, and graduated "most likely to succeed". He graduated from Yale University in 1972 with a Bachelor of Arts and earned a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 1975. He began his career as a "shining star" in the late 1970s at Rosenman & Colin, Freund, Lewis & Cohen, then a 90-lawyer litigation firm, and was well regarded. "He was a very smart, hard-working guy...Funny, personable -- part of the social mix," but what most distinguished him was his ability to think on his feet. "He's very quick. Very smart."
In the early 1980s, Dreier was named a partner at Rosenman. In 1987, he married a Rosenman associate named Elisa Peters. He and his wife separated in 2000, around the time that Dreier broke with a partner and started his own firm.
In 1989, he joined the New York office of Fulbright & Jaworski. Dreier would become co-head of litigation in New York, but when Dreier left Fulbright in March 1995, there were only ten New York litigators. He then worked for Duker & Barrett for less than a year. Its founding partner, William Duker, would later plead guilty to four counts of fraud called "one of the most serious cases of legal fraud" ever prosecuted.
In 1996, he teamed with a Florida lawyer named Neil Baritz, who had a small corporate and securities practice, to found a firm called Dreier & Baritz. Though he was able to found the firm, a precursor to Dreier LLP, he struggled to distinguish his practice.
From 1999 to 2002, Dreier, Baritz, & Federman was formed with offices in New York and Boca Raton with most associates in Oklahoma. Dreier ran the new firm's already leased Park Avenue office. He favored plaintiff class-action lawsuits, which brought in large revenue. Federman had problems with Dreier's spending, managerial style, and secrecy, which culminated in a lawsuit.
Dreier, pushing to impress, acquired expensive trappings, buying a house in Westhampton. He bought a place in Quogue, then he bought the house next door. He purchased the $18 million yacht "Seascape", which included a crew of 10 and a Jacuzzi, and docked it in New York and St. Martin. Dreier owned a waterfront home in the Hamptons, a Manhattan triplex, and a penthouse on Ocean Avenue in Santa Monica, California, which he leased out. He drove a Mercedes 500 in New York and an Aston Martin in California. He was considered a "bon vivant" because he dated beautiful women, was a member of the Harmonie Club, and maintained a high profile at charity events.
Dreier LLP.
In 2006, Drier founded his own firm with offices in five cities, promising lavish compensation. The headquarters at 499 Park Avenue had $30 million to $40 million worth of art, including works by Picasso and a Warhol depiction of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
Dreier operated like a corporation and not like a partnership. Marc Dreier was the sole equity partner owner, controlled all of the firm's finances, and handled all administrative functions. There was no executive committee and no partners meetings. All deals were structured so that only he knew all the specifics and had access to all accounts. Dreier convinced lawyers that such an arrangement was best by emphasizing that it would allow them to concentrate on law while he worried about running the firm. He hired lawyers on three-year contracts, fixing their salary and paying bonuses based on the fees each lawyer brought in. According to court filings, some lawyers received more than $50,000 in salary every two weeks.
In 2007, Mr. Dreier expanded to Los Angeles and brought in Hollywood superstar lawyer Stanton "Larry" Stein, whose clients included Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen and Hilary Duff. The expansion boosted Dreier LLP's revenue from $60 million in 2006 to $90 million in 2007. Despite the burgeoning volume of business, the office actually operated at a net loss of approximately one million dollars a month. On January 27, 2009, Paul S. Anik, a partner at Dreier Stein Kahan Browne Woods George, LLP died from a sudden stress-related heart attack at 54.
On September 28, 2008, "New York Magazine" stated that 20 attorneys of the firm and its affiliates were selected for inclusion in "New York Super Lawyers, 2008 Edition" by "Law & Politics", the legal publisher and independent researcher of multiple nationwide surveys. In 2007, 16 attorneys were named.
Dreier's two children were on his payroll, and he spent $10-million of the firm's money at New York's Gagosian Gallery in 2008.
In March 2009, the law firm Fox Rothschild acquired Pastore Osterberg, a firm in Stamford, Connecticut that was founded by Dreier attorneys in late 2008. Joe Pastore and Eric Osterberg joined along with seven other Dreier attorneys. The practice focused on litigation, telecommunications, technology, securities, and intellectual property.
Traub Bonacquist & Fox.
In September 2006, Dreier acquired a well-known bankruptcy law firm Traub, Bonacquist & Fox. Founding member and managing partner, Paul Traub, participated in several of the largest retail bankruptcies in previous years, including Kmart, FAO Schwarz Inc., KB Toys Inc., Stage Stores, Office Max, and eToys.com. During his legal career, Traub has had his own ethical controversies, especially conflict of interest issues which continue to shadow him. Traub became a Dreier partner, earning in the range of $1 million or more, and co-chair with Norman Kinel of the bankruptcy practice.
In February 2009, Epstein, Becker & Green, a firm specializing in government contracts, brought the seven-member Traub/Dreier bankruptcy team into their New York office, which included Paul Traub, Steven E. Fox, Wendy G. Marcari, and Maura I. Russell. Associates included Brett J. Nizzo, Anthony B. Stumbo, and Bradford Tobin. The firm has 400 attorneys based in eleven US cities. , Harold F. Bonacquist, a passive partner, is a political attaché at the United States Consulate in Istanbul, Turkey.
Sheldon Solow.
From 1998 to 2006, Dreier handled much litigation for Sheldon Solow, a billionaire real estate dealmaker. The most recent case was the unsuccessful eviction of Bank of America Securities LLC from his flagship Manhattan building, 9 West 57th St., on the dubious grounds that one of the bank's brokers had been accused of illegal trading.
In 2000, Solow decided to litigate for ownership a $10 million oceanfront house in East Hampton. Peter Morton, co-founder of the Hard Rock Cafe restaurant chain, had signed a contract to purchase the home from Dr. Gary Feldstein. Solow tried to break their contract and buy the place himself. Years of litigation ensued. Dreier filed suits in state courts in Manhattan and Suffolk County, in federal court in both the Eastern and Southern Districts of New York, in bankruptcy court in Florida, and in several corresponding appellate courts. "He had a certain glibness, this certainty that he could get away with that which other lawyers couldn't," says Feldstein's lawyer, Kevin Smith, whom Dreier named as a defendant in one of the suits. "He was like Gatsby without the charm." In 2003, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, citing their "extensive history of persistent, repetitive, and vexatious litigation," ordered Solow and Dreier to pay double costs to Morton and Feldstein. The litigation cost Solow an estimated $6 million in legal fees, much of it going to Dreier.
In February 2004, advertisements labeled "legal notices" ran in "The New York Times" and the "New York Post". The bogus ads, a costly embarrassment, informed "all unsecured creditors" in developer Peter Kalikow's 1994 Chapter 11 reorganization that they "might have additional rights of recovery" because of Kalikow's failure "to make truthful disclosure." More than 50 calls and 18 faxes came in to the Evergence Capital Advisors, Inc., by creditors. Evergence was a defunct Florida corporation run by Kosta Kovachev, a Belgrade-born, onetime Morgan Stanley broker facing SEC charges for his participation in a $20 million Ponzi scheme, for which he ultimately paid the SEC $358,148 in penalties and interest. The Evergence phone and fax numbers went directly to telephone lines at 499 Park Ave. -- the offices of Dreier, LLP. It was Dreier who had purchased the newspaper ads, using Evergence and Kovachev as a front. After Manhattan federal bankruptcy court Judge Burton Lifland, who oversaw Kalikow's bankruptcy and presided in the Madoff Investment Scandal bankruptcy, ordered Dreier to disclose his client's identity: Solow had hired Dreier to place the ads. Lifland ordered Dreier and Solow to pay about $300,000 in sanctions to Kalikow.
In November 2008, Dreier claimed that Solow was looking to raise $500 million by selling short-term, high-interest notes, which were supported by an audit report that Dreier had forged. The report had been used to try to dupe a hedge fund, Whippoorwill Associates, into buying bogus Solow Realty promissory notes. On October 15, fund managers, who had bought $115 million of the notes in 2006 or 2007, demanded a meeting at Solow's offices when they weren't repaid on schedule. Dreier arranged it, with Kovachev posing as Solow's CEO. In October 2008, Dreier sent a Connecticut hedge fund's managing director documents that he said were Solow's audited financial statements, and the fund bought a forged $25 million note for $13.5 million. Dreier sent a New York hedge fund the same documents he'd given the Connecticut fund, but portfolio managers wanted more information. Dreier forwarded four e-mails that purported to be from other funds that had purchased Solow notes, as well as a Dreier LLP opinion letter vouching for the notes. A portfolio manager subsequently asked to speak directly to someone at Solow Realty. Dreier scheduled a conference call for October 23, and provided a telephone number located in the conference room at Dreier LLP's offices in Stamford, Connecticut. Kovachev got on the phone and, pretending to be Solow CEO Steven Cherniak, answered questions about the notes and Solow's finances. The next day the hedge fund bought about $100 million in notes. Both the Connecticut and New York funds were dubious and brought their doubts to Solow Realty and its audit firm. In November, one hedge fund manager told Dreier that he'd called Solow Realty and copied him on an e-mail to Solow about the notes. Solow's attorneys subsequently contacted federal authorities, that Mr. Dreier might be engaged in financial fraud.
Client list.
More than 200 creditors have filed a total of more than $450 million in claims. Eton Park Capital Management seeks over $84 million and Fortress Credit Opportunities, part of Fortress Investment Group, has filed a $61.9 million unsecured claim. Ex-law partner Bruce F. Bronster is seeking $767,000 and entertainment attorney Lisa Bonner is claiming $448,365.
More than 800 pages of clients were named as "creditors holding unsecured non-priority claims" and were filed in a New York court. Some of these clients include Bill Cosby, Tim Burton, Justin Timberlake, the music groups the Virgins, the Dead Trees and the Black Angels, production company Monkey Dog Music, Harry Connick, Jr., Elvis Costello, Jon Bon Jovi, Diana Krall, 50 Cent, Echo & the Bunnymen and companies representing the Doors, the B-52's, and the Ramones. Sports figures include baseball players Andy Pettitte and Sammy Sosa, tennis star Maria Sharapova, and hockey player Kevin Weekes. Sports teams Manchester United F.C., the New York Mets, and the Major League Baseball Players Association were also among the clients.
In March 2008, Dreier sued client Judith Regan, claiming she owed the firm fees in connection with her $100 million defamation and breach of contract suit against her former employer, News Corp.’s HarperCollins Publishers LLC. On December 9, 2008, Regan claimed Dreier tried to extort a settlement from her and improperly disclosed her $10.75 million settlement with HarperCollins.
Criminal fraud case.
Sentence and guilty plea.
On July 13, Dreier was sentenced to 20 years and ordered to begin his term immediately. Judge Jed S. Rakoff rejected the prosecutors' request of a maximum responding, "he is not Mr. (Bernard) Madoff from any analysis, and that’s why I can’t understand why the government is asking for 145 years." Dreier addressed the Court, his family, his clients, and the lawyers who worked for him. “I’m sorry, deeply sorry, for the harm and the sadness that I have caused to so many people." The U.S. Probation Department had recommended a sentence of 25 years.
In a recent letter to the court, Dreier wrote: “I recall only that I was desperate for some measure of the success that I felt had eluded me. I lost my perspective and my moral grounding, and really, in a sense, I just lost my mind.”
At his plea hearing on May 11, 2009, Dreier read a statement, “I engineered a scheme to issue and sell fictitious promissory notes purportedly issued by companies in the United States and Canada,” and subsequently pleaded guilty of swindling $380M USD from various hedge funds by selling worthless financial instruments without any plea agreement with the government.
The United States Securities and Exchange Commission has also filed a separate civil suit against him for stealing funds from an escrow account belonging to one of the firm's bankruptcy clients.
An amended indictment on March 17, 2009 added an eighth count of money laundering to the charges and $700 million in forfeitures. From 2004 to December 2008, Dreier "sold to funds and others approximately $700 million worth of Fake Developer Notes and Fake Pension Plan Notes." The Case Number is: S1 09Cr085.
The eight-count indictment states his deception began in 2004, that Dreier gave the purchasers of his notes false financial statements, arranged meetings for investors with people who impersonated officials from purported issuers of the notes, sold fake promissory notes purportedly issued by a Canadian pension plan, and embezzled more than $400 million from his client escrow account.
Dreier may also be facing criminal charges in Canada for impersonating an in-house lawyer at the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan in connection with a sale of financial instruments worth $44.7 million USD. He was released on bail, only to be arrested again by U.S. authorities upon returning to New York.
Free on bail.
At his plea hearing on May 11, 2009, Judge Rakoff said, “He has disgraced the honorable profession of law...There are 100 good reasons why Mr. Dreier should be jailed. By his own admission here today, he has shown that he is to be ranked with those who have committed some of the most egregious frauds in history.” Ultimately, the judge ruled that Dreier remain free on bail pending his sentencing hearing on July 13, 2009.
Dreier had been initially released on bail on February 13, 2009. On February 5, 2009 U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan had written in a brief that a total of 10 conditions set for the release Marc Dreier "will be sufficient to reasonably assure the defendant's appearance in court as required."
He issued a formal bail order on February 9, 2009, to be freed on $10 million bond, under 24-hour house arrest with armed guards and electronic monitoring. Judge Rakoff noted prosecutors had demonstrated, for the limited purposes of bail, that Mr. Dreier "is not only a master of deceit and a doyen of dishonesty, but the kind of person who, under stress, may resort to desperate measures" and his motive to flee was "palpable". The bail package proposed by Mr. Dreier's lawyers "goes far to minimize this risk." The bond would be co-signed by his son and mother, holding them responsible if Mr. Dreier were to flee. He also ordered that all means of communication, other than a land-line telephone needed for electronic monitoring, be removed from Mr. Dreier's apartment and that no visitors would be allowed without approval from the government.
In a letter to the magistrate judge opposing bail, assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan R. Streeter had said, Dreier is "exceptionally deceptive, brazen, creative and resourceful in achieving his criminal goals."
On January 22, 2009, U.S. Magistrate Judge Douglas Eaton had modified his earlier ruling and set bond at $20 million, requiring Dreier to secure bail with $10 million in cash or property and include at least four co-signers, who would be required to pay the money if Dreier fled. Dreier also would have to submit to electronic monitoring and see a psychiatrist twice a week. He had asked to be freed on a $10 million bond and be subject to electronic monitoring. He said his mother and his 19-year-old son, Spencer, would co-sign the bond. Dreier was subsequently placed under house arrest and among one of the court-appointed security guards monitoring him was a retired F.B.I. agent.
Eaton told Shargel, "These are really extraordinary facts. His behavior was reckless, clever, improvising. Frankly, it suggests a mental disorder."
Kosta S. Kovachev.
Kosta S. Kovachev was the son of two doctors who emigrated from Serbia in 1964 and setup practices in New York City. He was born in Belgrade, educated at Columbia University and Harvard Business School, and joined Morgan Stanley in 1987. He left there after five years for a succession of smaller obscure firms, then voluntarily giving up his broker’s license in 2002. In 2006, he lost his broker's license from the National Association of Securities Dealers after being implicated in a $28 million Ponzi scheme. He refused to cooperate with investigators then and eventually paid more than $350,000 penalties and interest to settle the matter, without admitting wrongdoing. Dreier was Kovachev's lawyer during that case.
[http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/03/nyregion/03sidekick.html?_r=0]
Kovachev had no real address (address on his driver’s license is a defunct post office box in Florida) and no formal job. His cellphone bills went to the Harvard Club. Twice divorced, he had a grown son in the US Navy from his first marriage, and five other children from a second marriage. He had known Dreier for at least a decade by 2008. While not an employee of Dreier L.L.P., Kovachev had an electronic pass to the 499 Park Avenue office including its computers and offices.[http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/03/nyregion/03sidekick.html?_r=0][http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123007772065731669.html]
On December 4, 2008, while Dreier was in a Canadian jail attempting to move cash out of the law firm’s accounts, Kovachev appeared at the law firm to pick up three paintings. There were only two paintings, and Mr. Kovachev took them and left.
On March 31, 2010, at a hearing before U.S. District Judge Naomi Reice Buchwald in Manhattan, Kosta S. Kovachev, 58, was sentenced to 46 months in prison and a fine of $215,000 (the amount Dreier paid him for the impersonations). On November 2, 2009, he pleaded guilty to commit securities fraud and wire fraud, as well as a wire fraud charge, and admitting to impersonating an accountant for Solow Realty & Development at Mr. Dreier's request in a meeting with investors at their Manhattan offices; and then, impersonating Solow's then-Chief Executive, Steven Cherniak at Mr. Dreier's request in a separate phone call with investors. He had been arrested in December 2008. He will forfeit his services payment from Dreier for the caper: $215,000. Sentencing of upwards of five years is scheduled for March 5, 2010, along with more than $100 million in restitution.
On April 22, 2009, Kovachev had been arraigned on new charges: conspiracy to commit securities fraud, securities fraud and wire fraud, adding a forfeiture allegation seeking to obtain money placed by Kovachev in four different bank accounts. Kovachev had waived indictment and entered a plea of not guilty. In April 2010 Kovachev was sentenced to 3 years and 10 months in prison. 
The Case Number, dated December 18, 2008 is: USA v. Kosta S. Kovachev, 08 MAG 2792.
Robert Miller.
On November 9, 2009 Robert Miller, 52, of Englewood, New Jersey pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud and wire fraud, as well as securities fraud, at a hearing before U.S. Magistrate Judge Ronald L. Ellis in Manhattan. He has agreed to forfeit the compensation of $100,000 from Dreier in November 2008 to impersonate both a person at a Canadian pension plan and a few days later a representative of an Icelandic hedge fund by telephone, to sell about $44.7 million in fictitious promissory notes. Sentencing is scheduled for February 5, 2010, of up to 20 years of incarceration. US District Judge Kimba Wood sentenced Miller to two years' probation.
From 1983 to 1986, he was a staff attorney in the Securities and Exchange Commission's Enforcement Division, and from 1987 to 2008, he was an analyst and money manager. Between 1999 and 2008, he and Dreier managed an investment fund together.
SEC Civil charge.
On December 8, 2008, the Securities and Exchange Commission charged Dreier with fraud in connection with an elaborate scheme that raised at least $113 million from the sale of bogus promissory notes.
Dreier distributed fake financial statements and audit opinion letters of a reputable accounting firm and recruited assistance to represent legitimate companies involved in the transactions, including false e-mail addresses and telephone numbers. Dreier directed that two purchasers of the bogus notes wire payment to his law firm's escrow account. At least one purchaser discovered the fraud and received the return of its investment. There is an unaccounting of approximately $100 million in known proceeds from the sale of the bogus notes. Dreier had been offering fictitious promissory notes in the name of former client, Solow Realty, a New York real estate development company. Since at least October 2008, Dreier had approached at least three different investment funds with an offer to sell, at a deep discount, various short-term, unsecured promissory notes, ostensibly issued by Solow. Two of the investment funds agreed to purchase the notes (one fund purchased notes in two separate transactions) and forwarded the payments of approximately $113 million to an account in the name of "Dreier LLP Attorney Trust Account". A third fund was offered the notes, but declined to participate. All of the offers were accompanied by documents that Dreier subsequently admitted he knew were fabricated. Dreier offered the notes for sale even though he knew Solow had never issued them, had not authorized Dreier to market them, and knew nothing of their existence. Dreier had provided the hedge funds with fabricated documents including a "form" note and related agreements, "audited financial statements," and purported audit letters, which bore the forged signature of Solow's auditor, but which were printed on purported stationery of Solow's auditing firm. Dreier never told the representatives from the hedge funds that the entire marketing and sales plan was fictitious.
On December 8, 2008, the SEC filed declarations from firm controller John Provenzano and Dreier lawyer Norman N. Kinel. Provenzano detailed how millions of dollars were missing from client accounts. He stated that he was aware since he took his position in August 2005 of the disbursement of between $30 million and $40 million in Dreier accounts to pay for works of art. Dreier LLP maintained eight escrow accounts where client funds were commingled and eight other accounts for individual clients. Kinel e-mailed Dreier on December 1 requesting disbursal of $38.5 million out of an escrow account on behalf of 360networks (USA) Inc., a client that had emerged from bankruptcy in 2002. Dreier had remained counsel for the official committee of unsecured creditors in connection with 360's Chapter 11 bankruptcy and Kinel asked for the money for distribution to unsecured creditors, but only $19 million remained in the accounts. Provenzano recounted that in phone conversations with other firm partners, Joel A. Chernov and Steven R. Gursky on December 3 and 4. Dreier said that, had he not been in custody, he would have been able to return to New York and sell some of his art so the money could be returned. On both days, Provenzano was asked by Dreier, who was incarcerated in Canada on a charge of impersonation, related to his dealings with the hedge funds, to transfer $8 million and then $10 million from the escrow accounts into Dreier's own accounts, but Provenzano refused.
The case is SEC v. Dreier, 08-cv-10617 U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (Manhattan).
Assets.
The assets of Dreier LLP and its affiliates have been frozen by court order. A Statement of Financial Affairs, filed on February 16, 2009, with the Southern District of New York U.S.Bankruptcy Court, disclosed that Dreier LLP has $59 million in assets and $42 million in liabilities, some $30 million of which is owed to creditors holding secured claims. In 2008, salaries for contract partners ranged as high as $1 million or more. Dreier, the firm's sole equity partner, received more than $4 million, and $27,000 was paid to his 19-year-old son, Spencer. The figures are based on an unaudited copy of the firm's books and records.
A 10-page list of property filed with the Court some of which includes: 5 bank/investment accounts; Boats: “Seascape,” 2005 Hessen Motor Yacht, 2008 Novorunia Equator Yacht Tender, Yamaha Waverunners (4); Cars: 2007 Aston Martin, DB9 Volante, 2006 BMW 650i convertible, 2000 Mercedes Benz S500 Sedan, 1997 Mercedes Benz SL500 Roadster; More than 100 works of Art: “Chair with Book on Red Carpet," David Hockney; “First Painting with Bottle,” Roy Lichtenstein; “Blue Jackie,” “White Jackie,” “Jackie Profile Looking Down,” Andy Warhol; “Portrait of a Girl,” Pablo Picasso; “Grand Masque,” Henri Matisse; “Big Thief,” Tom Otterness, and a 2006 high-definition, Salma Hayek video by Soho photographer Robert Wilson; Real Estate: New York City condominium 151 E. 58th street; Hamptons homes: East Quogue (2), Sag Harbor; Anguilla, West Indies condominium (2).
After his arrest, Dreier attempted to transfer the two properties in the Hamptons worth a total of US$12.5 million to his son, Spencer. Spencer asked the caretaker of the properties to file papers claiming the father in October signed over interest in the properties as a reward, because the son agreed to spend the summer with him. The caretaker declined to do so.
Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Mark Pomerantz of the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison is the court-appointed receiver for Dreier LLP. On December 16, Pomerantz filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on behalf of the firm, declaring that "no effective management" exists at the firm in the wake of Dreier's arrest. Dreier was the sole equity partner of the firm. The firm owes malpractice insurance carrier Chubb Group of Insurance Companies more than $213,000 in unpaid bills by December 31, 2008, otherwise the $10 million insurance policy would expire and leave Dreier's 240 or so lawyers without coverage.
On March 26, 2009, Pomerantz disclosed he has recovered more than $100 million in assets, including $39 million in art; an $18 million, yacht; homes in Manhattan; three properties in the Hamptons east of New York; parcels in Anguilla owned by Dreier or his family members; and five cars. The yacht, "Seascape" which liquidation price was reduced from $13.5 million to $12.5 million, was bought through the sale of fake notes. Dreier held stock certificates in an office safe and stakes in a company called People Capital and a startup bio-diesel firm in Argentina. He also controlled an investment vehicle called Armada Partners. However, “large amounts” may not be collectible. Pomerantz's firm will be billing $1.4 million for its services.
On March 26, 2009, an auction held at the law office sold most of the firm's furnishings and accoutrements at rock bottom prices, with the exception for Mr. Dreier's furniture and paintings.
On June 17, 2009, his two neighboring oceanfront homes in Southampton/ East Quogue, New York will be auctioned for possibly up to $12.5 million.
On July 21, 2009, his 34th floor, four-bedroom, five-bathrooms Manhattan apartment with massive outdoor terrace was sold at auction for $8.2 million, about $2 million less than the $10.43 million he paid in 2007.
Chapter 7 involuntary bankruptcy.
Sheila Gowan, the trustee overseeing the liquidation of the law firm, filed a Chapter 7 involuntary bankruptcy petition for Dreier on January 26, 2009. Wachovia Bank National Association and the bankruptcy estate of 360networks Inc also joined Gowan in the involuntary petition as creditors. The three said they are owed about $88.5 million.
Fortress Investment Group LLC, a private-equity and hedge-fund manager, lost $125.7 million buying phony promissory notes issued by Solow Realty & Development Co.. Elliott Management Corp., a hedge-fund firm lost $101.1 million. Eton Park Capital Management LP, lost $84.4 million; Perella Weinberg Partners, $46 million; Concordia Advisors LLC, $22.3 million; Novator, $20 million; and Meyer Ventures LLC, $13.4 million.
Dreier owes more than $40-million to various creditors, including many of its own lawyers.
Chapter 7 Trustee Salvatore LaMonica, who’s in charge of Dreier’s bankruptcy case in the personal liquidation proceeding initiated by several creditors, is seeking bankruptcy court permission to hire an auctioneer to sell off Dreier's three properties, the Upper East Side apartment, and the two neighboring properties in the Hamptons.
Event timeline.
Dreier moves aggressively over the next few years to bring a number of affiliates under his umbrella, opening offices in Stamford, Conn., Albany, New York, Pittsburgh, Los Angeles and Santa Monica, Calif.
Dreier begins marketing promissory notes supposedly issued by Solow Realty & Development Co. to various hedge funds and investment funds. The "notes" pay between 8 percent and 12 percent interest with terms of between one and two years. In several instances, Dreier provides fake financial statements, backed up with forged letters purportedly issued by the accounting firm Berdon LLP.
News of his arrest sparks emergency partnership meetings and attorneys affiliated with the firm begin jumping ship.
The Securities and Exchange Commission files a civil suit against Dreier.
- partially compiled by Mark Hamblett, "The American Lawyer"
["Unraveled", which includes interviews with Dreier and his son while Dreier awaited sentencing, was shown in the UK on BBC 4 on September 5, 2012 under the title ""The $750 Million Thief"", as a 1 hour 20 minute documentary in BBC-TV's series "Storyville".]

</doc>
<doc id="20676104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676104" title="Kozhipathy">
Kozhipathy


</doc>
<doc id="20676114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676114" title="Kulukkallur">
Kulukkallur

Kulukkallur is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20676115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676115" title="Harcourt Dowsley">
Harcourt Dowsley

Harcourt Dowsley (born 15 July 1919 in Essendon, Victoria) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket with Victoria and Australian rules football for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Dowsley made his first-class debut in a match against Tasmania at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in 1937/38 when he opened the batting and made scores of 46 and 72 not out. Tasmania would be Dowsley's opponent in all of his five first-class matches, the first three coming before his VFL stint and the other two after.
An Old Melburnian, Dowsley played his football as a full-forward and kicked four goals on debut in the 1941 VFL season, against St Kilda at Junction Oval. He kept his spot in the side for the next couple of games, kicking a further three goals, before joining the RAAF with whom he would serve in the World War II Pacific campaign.
When Dowsley returned from war he turned his attention to cricket and in 1946 played two first-class matches to finish his career with 336 runs at 56.00, including three half centuries. He also took two wickets at 37.00 with his right-arm fast-medium bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20676116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676116" title="Kumaramputhur">
Kumaramputhur

Kumaramputhur is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is administered, along with some other villages, by the Kumaramputhur gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676118" title="Kuthannur-I">
Kuthannur-I


</doc>
<doc id="20676119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676119" title="Kuthannur-II">
Kuthannur-II

Kuthannur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20676120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676120" title="2008–09 Barako Bull Energy Boosters season">
2008–09 Barako Bull Energy Boosters season

The 2008–09 Barako Bull Energy Boosters season is the 9th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Awards and records.
Records.
"Note: Red Bull Barako Records Only"

</doc>
<doc id="20676123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676123" title="Kuzhalmannam-I">
Kuzhalmannam-I


</doc>
<doc id="20676125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676125" title="Kuzhalmannam-II">
Kuzhalmannam-II

Kuzhalmannam-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Kuzhalmannam gram panchayat, along with Kuzhalmannam-I.

</doc>
<doc id="20676126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676126" title="Lakkidi-Perur-I">
Lakkidi-Perur-I


</doc>
<doc id="20676128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676128" title="Lakkidi-Perur-II">
Lakkidi-Perur-II


</doc>
<doc id="20676131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676131" title="Malampuzha-I">
Malampuzha-I

Malampuzha-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Malampuzha gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676133" title="Malampuzha-II">
Malampuzha-II

Malampuzha-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Malampuzha gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676134" title="Mangalam Dam, Kerala">
Mangalam Dam, Kerala


</doc>
<doc id="20676136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676136" title="2008–09 Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball team">
2008–09 Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball team represents the University of Pittsburgh in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Head Coach is Jamie Dixon, who is serving for his 6th year as head coach at Pittsburgh and 10th overall at the University. The team plays its home games in the Petersen Events Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Outlook.
The Pittsburgh Panthers, defending Big East Conference Tournament Champions, are coming off of a 27-10 (10-8) record in the 2007-08 season which included their seventh straight 20 win season, seventh straight season with 10 league wins in the Big East Conference, and a seventh straight NCAA Tournament appearance. Pitt advanced to the second round of the 2008 NCAA Tournament where they lost to Michigan State. Last season also marked the seventh time in the last eight season that Pitt advanced to the Big East Tournament Championship title game which ties for the most appearance in league history. Pitt begins the season returning three starters, each of its top three scorers, and seven of its top 10 players from the previous year. Pitt found itself ranked among the top 10 teams nationally in most preseason polls and publications. Five newcomers, including one junior college transfer and four freshman, join Pitt for the 2008-09 season.
Schedule.
Pitt's 2008-09 schedule includes, in addition to their Big East slate, nine non-conference opponents that were ranked last season in the nation's top-100 Ratings Percentage Index, nine opponents that advanced to post-season play, and five that advanced to the NCAA Tournament.
!colspan=9 style="background:#091C44; color:#CEC499;" | Scrimmage
!colspan=9 style="background:#091C44; color:#CEC499;" | Exhibition
!colspan=9 style="background:#091C44; color:#CEC499;" | Regular season
!colspan=9 style="background:#091C44; color:#CEC499;" | Postseason†<br>Big East Men's Basketball Championship
!colspan=9 style="background:#091C44; color:#CEC499;" | NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship

</doc>
<doc id="20676138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676138" title="Mankara">
Mankara


</doc>
<doc id="20676140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676140" title="Mannarkad-I">
Mannarkad-I

Mannarkad-I is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="20676142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676142" title="Mannarkad-II">
Mannarkad-II

Mannarkad-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It comes under the administration of the Thenkara gram panchayat.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="20676144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676144" title="Mannur">
Mannur

Mannur is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.
Demographics.
Mannur is located 22.3 km from Palakkad, the administrative headquarters of the district. Mannur is 262 km from the state capital Thiruvananthapuram.
Mannur Pin Code is 678642

</doc>
<doc id="20676147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676147" title="Mathur-I">
Mathur-I

Mathur-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the area administered by Mathur gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676150" title="Mathur-II">
Mathur-II

Mathur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the area administered by Mathur gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676151" title="Moolathara">
Moolathara

Moolathara is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is among the villages administered by Perumatty gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676152" title="Mundur-I">
Mundur-I

Mundur-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Together with Mundur-II, it comes under the administration of the Mundur gram panchayat.
Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Mundur-I had a population of 17,567 with 8,352 males and 9,215 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20676153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676153" title="Mundur-II">
Mundur-II

Mundur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Together with Mundur-I, it comes under the administration of the Mundur gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676155" title="Muthalamada-I">
Muthalamada-I

Muthalamada-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of Muthalamada gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676158" title="Muthalamada-II">
Muthalamada-II

Muthalamada-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of Muthalamada gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676160" title="Nagalassery">
Nagalassery


</doc>
<doc id="20676168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676168" title="Nalleppilly">
Nalleppilly

Nallepilly or Nallepilly is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is the main village of the Nalleppilly gram panchayat and forms a part of the Chittur taluk.

</doc>
<doc id="20676170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676170" title="Nellaya">
Nellaya


</doc>
<doc id="20676171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676171" title="Ongallur-I">
Ongallur-I

Ongallur-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of Ongallur gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676173" title="Ongallur-II">
Ongallur-II

Ongallur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of Ongallur gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676176" title="Ozhalapathy">
Ozhalapathy

Ozhalapathy is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is administered by the Vadakarapathy gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676182" title="Padavayal">
Padavayal

Padavayal is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is administrated by the Agali gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676183" title="Palakkayam">
Palakkayam

Palakkayam is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is administrated by the Agali gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676188" title="Parli-I">
Parli-I

Parli-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Parli-I and Parli-II come under the administration of the Parli gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676196" title="Parli-II">
Parli-II

Parli-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Parli-I and Parli-II come under the administration of the Parli gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676199" title="Parudur">
Parudur

Parudur is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20676204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676204" title="Pattanchery">
Pattanchery

Pattanchery is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Pattencherry gram panchayat.
Demographics.
Agriculture,Toddy tapping,Fish Farms are the main income source of the people of this panchayath along with various profession
main Town.
Vandithavalam Junction
Schools.
KKMHSS Vandithavalam
Govt High school Pattanchery
Govt High school Nanniode
Karuna School Chempottanpalam

</doc>
<doc id="20676205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676205" title="Pattithara">
Pattithara

Demographics.
The original name of the place was Bhattithara but it was wrongly now called as Pattithara..

</doc>
<doc id="20676208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676208" title="Payyanadam">
Payyanadam

Payyanadam is a village in Palakkad district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Location.
Payyanadam situated on the right bank of the river Kundhi and its located at distance of 3KM from NH 213.
Administration.
Administratively, Payyanadam falls under the Kumaramputhur gram panchayat.
Festivals.
Ucharal vela at Sree kurumba bhagavathi temple payyanadam,
Sivaratri at Enanimagalam siva temple payyanadam,
Perunal at St;Joseph church,

</doc>
<doc id="20676209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676209" title="Peringottukurissi-I">
Peringottukurissi-I

Peringottukurissi-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is among the villages administered by the Peringottukurissi gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676211" title="Peringottukurissi-II">
Peringottukurissi-II

Peringottukurissi-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is among the villages administered by the Peringottukurissi gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676218" title="Perumatty">
Perumatty

Perumatty is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is among the villages administered by Perumatty gram panchayat.
Demographics.
agriculture & Toddy tapping is the main revenue for the people in this panchayath. This panchayath is the first & leder in experimenting Hi-tech Agri techniques in Kerala State.Farmers society to promote Precision farming & various Agri related activities are conducted in this panchyath
Main Town.
Vandithavalm Junction is main Town of this Panchayath
Educational institutions.
Karuna Medical college & Hospital
Govt HSS Kannimari
Govt UP Nellimedu
Govt HS Meenakshipuram

</doc>
<doc id="20676219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676219" title="Pirayiri">
Pirayiri


</doc>
<doc id="20676226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676226" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Iowa">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Iowa

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Iowa. There are 8 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20676229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676229" title="Polpully">
Polpully

Polpully is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20676231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676231" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Kansas">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Kansas

There are five National Natural Landmarks in Kansas. 

</doc>
<doc id="20676234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676234" title="Pottassery-I">
Pottassery-I

Pottassery-I is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Mukkam gram panchayat for administrative purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20676235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676235" title="Type 3 120 mm 45 caliber naval gun">
Type 3 120 mm 45 caliber naval gun

The Type 3 120 mm 45 caliber naval gun was a Japanese naval artillery and coast defense gun used on destroyers and submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War I and World War II. It was an indigenous development of the British-designed QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I - IV, which had been previously produced in Japanese as the "Type 41", under license from Elswick Ordnance Company, part of Armstrong Whitworth. It should not be confused with the later Type 3 12 cm AA Gun developed by the Imperial Japanese Army in 1943.
Design and development.
Designed in 1914, the Type 3 120mm gun was used as the main armament on , , , , "Kamikaze" and s in single mountings. 
The type was re-designated in the metric system from October 5, 1917.
A re-design in 1922 with a shorter gun barrel and improved horizontal sliding breech-blocks was designated the Type 11, and was used on submarines and the and s. 
The gun, which was manually loaded, normally fired a High-explosive shell or an illumination shell. After 1943, anti-submarine shells also become available.

</doc>
<doc id="20676236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676236" title="Pottassery-II">
Pottassery-II

Pottassery-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is administered by the Tachampara gram panchayat and the Kanjirampuzha gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676240" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Kentucky">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Kentucky

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Kentucky. There are 7 in total, 1 is shared with Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20676242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676242" title="Puducode">
Puducode

Puducode (also spelled Puthucode and Puthukode) is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.
Culture.
The Sri Annapoorneswari temple is a Bhagavathy place of worship located at the junction of four streets: South, East, North, and West. Each street is referred to as a village. The temple is believed to be one of the 108 Durga temples established by Parasurama.
At the end of North Village, there is a Shiva temple and a water tank. Legend goes that the temple was so rich earlier that all the vessels and articles used in temple were made of gold. There has also been a tradition of the chanting of "Shyamala Dandakam" every evening at this temple.
Next to the Shiva temple, a mandapam called Shiva Mahal has been built. Shiva Mahal includes an elementary school, a high school, a Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan branch centre, and an Ayurvedic Hospital. Despite a historically large Brahmin population, Puducode is also home to a newly built mosque at Karapethai.
The celebrations during the traditional Nercha season are popular, and Puducode is also known for its Navaratri celebrations.
Education.
Sarvajan High School is based in the village. It was built around 70 years ago in front of the West Nada of Sri Annapoorneswari temple and is itself fronted by another temple.
Notable people.
Among Puducode's well-known residents have been Puthucode Krishnamurthy, the Carnatic musician, and P. R. Sundaram Iyer, whose grandson is P. C. Sreeram, a cinematographer in Indian cinema. Sundaram Iyer founded the Sanskrit College in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20676245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676245" title="Pudussery Central">
Pudussery Central

Pudussery Central is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Pudussery Central, Pudussery East and Pudussery West come under administration of the Pudusseri gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676247" title="Pudussery East">
Pudussery East

Pudussery East is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Pudussery Central, Pudussery East and Pudussery West come under administration of the Pudusseri gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676249" title="Pudussery West">
Pudussery West

Pudussery West is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Pudussery Central, Pudussery East and Pudussery West come under administration of the Pudusseri gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676250" title="Puthuppariyaram-I">
Puthuppariyaram-I

Puthuppariyaram-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20676253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676253" title="Sholayur">
Sholayur

Sholayur is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the Sholayar gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676256" title="Edward Kern">
Edward Kern

Edward Meyer Kern (born 26 Oct 1822 or 1823 - 1863) was an American artist.
Early life.
Kern was born in Philadelphia, the son of John Kern III and Mary Elizabeth Bignell. Trained as an artist, he was appointed to accompany John C. Fremont on his third expedition in 1845 at a daily salary of $3.00. He served as cartographer as well as artist, and collected botanical and animal specimens on this journey. Kern's drawings document the party's killing of Klamath Indians in northern California. During the Bear Flag Revolt, he was placed in command of Sutter's Fort. While there, he was appointed to manage funds for aiding the survivors of the Donner Party and was subsequently criticized for mismanagement.
Expeditions.
Kern and his brother Richard Kern took part in Frémont's Fourth Expedition to the southern Colorado mountains in 1848. A third brother, Benjamin, and "Old Bill" Williams were killed while retracing the expedition trail, looking for gear and survivors. Edward Kern then explored the Canyon de Chelly. (Richard Kern was killed in 1853 during the Gunnison-Beckwith Expedition.)
From 1853 to 1855, Edward Kern was on the ship USS Vincennes (1826) on an expedition to East Asia. The captain, Cadwalader Ringgold, was declared insane when they reached Hong Kong. Kern used both photography and drawing during this trip. The expedition landed on the shores of Siberia, where Kern spent several weeks. They returned home via Tahiti and San Francisco. In 1858 he sailed for California, Hawaii, and Japan, under Captain John Mercer Brooke, on a voyage that returned in 1860. 
He served for a short time under Fremont in Missouri, but his commission was revoked and he received no pay for this.
Personal life.
Later Kern established a studio in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He died in November 1863 at his home at 1305 Chestnut Street in Philadelphia. He was buried in Glenwood Cemetery and later re-interred in New Glenwood Cemetery.
Kern suffered from epilepsy from a young age. 
His diaries were discovered under the floorboards in an old hotel in Delaware Water Gap, Pennsylvania, and provided source material for David Weber's book on Richard Kern (brother of Edward). The diary and papers are now in the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University.
The Boston Museum of Fine Arts has over eighty of Kern's works. Kern County, California, and the Kern River are named for him. 

</doc>
<doc id="20676259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676259" title="Sreekrishnapuram-I">
Sreekrishnapuram-I


</doc>
<doc id="20676262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676262" title="Sreekrishnapuram-II">
Sreekrishnapuram-II


</doc>
<doc id="20676264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676264" title="2009 Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I">
2009 Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I

The Asian and Oceanian Zone is one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
In the Asian and Oceanian Zone there are four different groups in which teams compete against each other to advance to the next group.
Third Round Matches.
Australia vs. India.
Australia refused to play the tie due to security concerns in Chennai, so India advance to the World Group Playoffs via forfeit.

</doc>
<doc id="20676265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676265" title="Tarur-I">
Tarur-I

Tarur-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of Tarur gram panchayat, together with Tarur-II.

</doc>
<doc id="20676267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676267" title="Tarur-II">
Tarur-II

Tarur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of Tarur gram panchayat, together with Tarur-I.

</doc>
<doc id="20676271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676271" title="Thachanattukara-I">
Thachanattukara-I

Thachanattukara-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Thachanattukara-I and Thachanattukara-II fall under the administration of the Thachanattukara gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676274" title="Thachanattukara-II">
Thachanattukara-II

Thachanattukara-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Thachanattukara-I and Thachanattukara-II come under the administration of the Thachanattukara gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676285" title="Thekkedesom">
Thekkedesom


</doc>
<doc id="20676289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676289" title="Thenkurissi-I">
Thenkurissi-I

Thenkurissi-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20676292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676292" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Maine">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Maine

These are 15 National Natural Landmarks in Maine. 

</doc>
<doc id="20676295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676295" title="Thenkurissi-II">
Thenkurissi-II

Thenkurissi-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20676299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676299" title="Thirumittacode-II">
Thirumittacode-II

Thirumittacode-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Together with Thirumittacode-I, it is administered by the Thirumittacode gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676300" title="Thirumittacode-I">
Thirumittacode-I


</doc>
<doc id="20676301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676301" title="Thiruvazhiyad">
Thiruvazhiyad


</doc>
<doc id="20676303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676303" title="Jacalitos Hills">
Jacalitos Hills

The Jacalitos Hills are a mountain range in Fresno County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20676307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676307" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Maryland">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Maryland

These are the six National Natural Landmarks in Maryland. 

</doc>
<doc id="20676320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676320" title="Thrikkadeeri-I">
Thrikkadeeri-I


</doc>
<doc id="20676321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676321" title="Thrikkadeeri-II">
Thrikkadeeri-II


</doc>
<doc id="20676323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676323" title="Vadakarapathy">
Vadakarapathy

Vadakarapathy is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Along with some other villages, it is administered by the Vadakarapathy gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676324" title="Vadakkancheri-I">
Vadakkancheri-I

Vadakkancheri-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is a part of the Vadakkancheri gram panchayat along with Vadakkancheri-II.

</doc>
<doc id="20676330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676330" title="Vadakkancheri-II">
Vadakkancheri-II

Vadakkancheri-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is a part of the Vadakkancheri gram panchayat, along with Vadakkancheri-I.

</doc>
<doc id="20676331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676331" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Massachusetts">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Massachusetts

The National Park Service has designated eleven National Natural Landmarks in Massachusetts. Most of these are bogs, swamps, wetlands and old growth forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20676333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676333" title="Jamul Mountains">
Jamul Mountains

The Jamul Mountains are a mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System.
They are located in southern-most San Diego County, Southern California. The Mexico–United States border is nearby to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20676335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676335" title="Valiyavallampathy">
Valiyavallampathy

Valiyavallampathy is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It forms a part of the area administered by the Kozhinjampara gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676343" title="Jurupa Mountains">
Jurupa Mountains

The Jurupa Mountains are a mountain range in northwestern Riverside County, California, United States. The northern flanks of the range descend into neighboring San Bernardino County. The mountains draw their name from the Rancho Jurupa, an 1838 Mexican land grant, and one of the earliest permanent settlements in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20676354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676354" title="Kalmia Hills">
Kalmia Hills

The Kalmia Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, in Riverside County, California.
They are located on the north of both the landform and city of Moreno Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20676356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676356" title="Vallapuzha">
Vallapuzha

Vallapuzha is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.
Demographics.
12,997 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20676363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676363" title="Vandazhi-I">
Vandazhi-I


</doc>
<doc id="20676365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676365" title="Vandazhi-II">
Vandazhi-II

Vandazhi-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is administered by Vandazhy gram panchayat, along with Mangalam Dam and Vandazhi-I.

</doc>
<doc id="20676366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676366" title="Vandithavalam">
Vandithavalam

Vandithavalam is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. It is among the villages administered by Perumatty gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676371" title="Kelsey Range">
Kelsey Range

The Kelsey Range is a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20676372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676372" title="Vaniyamkulam-I">
Vaniyamkulam-I


</doc>
<doc id="20676378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676378" title="List of Spanish football transfers winter 2008–09">
List of Spanish football transfers winter 2008–09

This is a list of Spanish football transfers for the January sale in 2008-09 season. Only moves from La Liga and Segunda División were listed.
The winter transfer window opened on 1 January 2009, although a few transfers took place prior to that date. The window closed at midnight on 31 January 2009. Players without a club could have joined one at any time, either during or in between transfer windows. Clubs below La Liga level could also have signed players on loan at any time. If need be, clubs could have signed a goalkeeper on an emergency loan, if all others were unavailable.

</doc>
<doc id="20676393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676393" title="Vaniyamkulam-II">
Vaniyamkulam-II

Vaniyamkulam-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India. Together with Vaniyamkulam-I, it forms a part of the Vaniamkulam gram panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20676396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676396" title="Kettleman Hills">
Kettleman Hills

The Kettleman Hills is a low mountain range of the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Kings County, California. It is a northwest-southeast trending line of hills about 30 miles long which parallels the San Andreas Fault to the west.
The Kettleman Hills are named, and misspelled, after Dave Kettelman, a pioneer sheep and cattle rancher who grazed his animals there in the 1860s. The hills, which rise to an elevation of approximately 1,200 feet, divide the San Joaquin Valley on the east from the much smaller Kettleman Plain to the west. They are the location of the Kettleman North Dome Oil Field.
The Kettleman Hills Facility, a large 1,600 acre (4,000 hectare) hazardous waste and municipal solid waste disposal facility operated by Waste Management, Inc. is located southwest of Kettleman City on State Route 41.

</doc>
<doc id="20676397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676397" title="Vilayur">
Vilayur

Vilayur is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20676398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676398" title="Angadi">
Angadi

Angadi is a village in Ranni Taluk, Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala, India.
Demographics.
As of the 2001 Census of India, Angadi had a population of 15,873, with 7,696 males and 8,177 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20676400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676400" title="Angadickal">
Angadickal

References.
Source: http://pathanamthitta.nic.in/Administration1.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20676401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676401" title="Anicad">
Anicad


</doc>
<doc id="20676403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676403" title="Aruvappulam">
Aruvappulam


</doc>
<doc id="20676405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676405" title="Chenneerkara">
Chenneerkara

References.
Source: http://pathanamthitta.nic.in/Administration1.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20676406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676406" title="Kilbeck Hills">
Kilbeck Hills

The Kilbeck Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, southern California.
They are located about west of the Turtle Mountains and of the BLM's Turtle Mountains Wilderness; and north northeast of the city of Twentynine Palms.

</doc>
<doc id="20676414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676414" title="Cherukole">
Cherukole


</doc>
<doc id="20676416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676416" title="Chethakkal">
Chethakkal


</doc>
<doc id="20676419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676419" title="Kilgore Hills">
Kilgore Hills

The Kilgore Hills are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20676429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676429" title="2009 Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group II">
2009 Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group II

The Asian and Oceanian Zone is one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
In the Asian and Oceanian Zone there are four different groups in which teams compete against each other to advance to the next group.

</doc>
<doc id="20676437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676437" title="Serre (river)">
Serre (river)

The Serre is a tributary to the river Oise in northern France. Its source is in the small village La Férée, Ardennes department, from which it flows west into the Aisne department. It flows through Montcornet, Marle and Crécy-sur-Serre and joins the Oise in La Fère.

</doc>
<doc id="20676439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676439" title="Kit Fox Hills">
Kit Fox Hills

The Kit Fox Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20676452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676452" title="Kramer Hills">
Kramer Hills

The Kramer Hills are a small range of hills in the Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, southern California.
They are located just south of Kramer Junction and southeast of Boron.
The Kramer Hills are bisected by U.S. Route 395 passing through them. They are in a Bureau of Land Management administered area.

</doc>
<doc id="20676458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676458" title="Kreyenhagen Hills">
Kreyenhagen Hills

The Kreyenhagen Hills are a range of foothills of the Diablo Range in western Fresno County and Kings County, California. The Kreyenhagen Hills form a long foothill belt in the soft formations between Reef Ridge and Kettleman Plain. They are divided into several groups, each a few miles wide, by streams crossing them at right angles. They meet with the steep face of Reef Ridge, and are distinct from the mountains which begin there. To the northeast the strata form ridge after ridge, parallel to each other, and extend the length of the separate divisions between the main stream valleys. These ridges, appear like a series of waves advancing, toward Reef Ridge, and elsewhere to broken waves, as in a choppy sea. The ridges are slightly asymmetric, the northeast flank being a dip slope and fairly smooth, while the southwest flank is a steeper, strike face that is in many places eroded so as to leave sharp gullies and conical intermediate ridges extending outward. The groups of hillocks so produced bear some resemblance to an encampment of tents or huts, and the name "Jacalitos", (meaning the little huts), may have been applied to Jacalitos Creek owing to this feature of the hills through which it flows. The greatest symmetry of the parallel ridges appear's in the portion of the Kreyenhagen Hills between Jacalitos Creek and Big Tar Canyon, and there the long, straight, smooth troughs between the ridges doubtless gave rise to the name "Canoas", meaning trough, applied to Canoas Creek which passes across the central portion of the hills.
In the northern group of the Kreyenhagen Hills, the slope toward Jacalitos Creek on the northwest is steeper and shorter than that toward Zapato Chino Creek on the southeast. The major part of the drainage flows in the latter direction. In the groups of hills between the other streams farther south such a feature is not so clearly to be made out, but it is true that the course taken by the drainage is predominantly toward the southeast. Toward the south the Kreyenhagen Hills become more worn, decline in elevation, and lose their relief. Prominent individual features are absent, and the foothill area is a rolling surface with low ridges and broad drainages sloping gradually toward and merging with the Kettleman Plain.

</doc>
<doc id="20676468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676468" title="Tear Drop Records">
Tear Drop Records

Tear Drop Records was a record label founded in Winnie, Texas, in the early 1960s by recording pioneer and radio personality, Huey P Meaux. As a deejay, Meaux was known as the "Crazy Cajun", a name that stuck with him throughout his long, music career. 
In 1964, Meaux moved his Tear Drop label and his Crazy Cajun Enterprises to Conroe, Texas, where he partnered with a seasoned record producer, Foy Lee. They not only continued to release new material, but also started various subsidiary labels including Capri Records, Tribe Records, and Eric Records. Together, Meaux and Lee produced many chart singles on the Tear Drop label. They became nationally distributed by Jay Gee Records (J/G) which was owned by Jamie Records in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Tear Drop's biggest hit was "Talk to Me" by Sunny & The Sunglows from San Antonio, Texas, which broke into Billboard's Top 100. Meaux and Lee also scored another hit in 1964 by Gene Summers & The Tom Toms entitled "Big Blue Diamonds" on their newly formed Capri Records label and later released Summers' rockabilly classic, "Alabama Shake", also on Capri. 
In the 1970s, Meaux reactivated the Crazy Cajun record label and began to produce records by early-1960s rocker, Freddy Fender. He scored the biggest hit of his career when Fender's "Before The Next Teardrop Falls" single broke through all chart boundaries and went platinum selling over a million copies. By this time, Meaux had purchased both the SugarHill Recording Studios in Houston, Texas, and the TNT Records pressing plant in San Antonio.
Select discography.
Singles.
Note: Kenny James (#3002) is actually Jimmy Donley
Sources.
"Down in Houston: Bayou City Blues"<br>
Osborne's Record Guide<br>
Texas Monthly Magazine<br>
A Guide to the Huey Meaux Papers, 1940-1994<br>
Texas Music Industry Directory (published by The Texas Music Office) Office of the Governor, Austin, Texas<br>
Born To Be A Loser: The Jimmy Donley Story by Johnnie Allan and Dr Bernice Larson Webb; Copyright 1992 by Jadfel Publishing Lafayette, LA<br>
Chicano Soul: Recordings and History of An American Culture by Ruben Molina; Copyright 2007 by Mictlan Publishing; 1st Edition.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20676490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676490" title="Transcontinental walk">
Transcontinental walk

A transcontinental walk involves crossing a continent on foot. If a walk does not technically cross the entire continent, but starts and ends in a major city right near two opposing sides of a continent, it is usually considered transcontinental. People have crossed continents walking alone or in groups.
Purpose.
Some people have completed a transcontinental walk due to a whim or a bet. Others have attempted transcontinental expeditions for scientific study or exploration. Transcontinental marches have been organized to serve as a demonstration to attract interest in some topic.
Challenges.
Depending on the continent to be crossed, different challenges arise. To cross Antarctica on foot, supplying provisions would have to be well-planned. Crossing any continent on foot is also a test of endurance and physical condition. People who do a crossing without support have to transport equipment, tent, food etc., on a carriage or sled. That is an extra challenge, compared to those who have car support.
North America.
Charles Fletcher Lummis.
In 1884, Charles Fletcher Lummis was working for a newspaper in Cincinnati when he was offered a job with the "Los Angeles Times". Lummis decided to make the 3,500-mile journey from Cincinnati to Los Angeles on foot. He chronicled the 143 days of his journey, sending weekly dispatches to the newspaper. In spite of a broken arm and heavy snows in New Mexico, he finished the trip, and in 1892, his writings of the journey were published as a book, "A Tramp Across the Continent".
John Hugh Gillis.
In 1906, on a bet and a dare, John Hugh Gillis walked from North Sydney, Nova Scotia to Vancouver, British Columbia. He was the first person to cross Canada on foot.
Great Peace March for Global Nuclear Disarmament.
In 1986, hundreds of people walked from Los Angeles to Washington DC in what is referred to as the Great Peace March for Global Nuclear Disarmament. The march took nine months to traverse , advancing approximately fifteen miles per day.
A Walk of the People - A Pilgrimage for Life.
In 1984-85, about 12 people walked from California to New York City and then across Europe. Some participants of Walk of the People - A Pilgrimage for Life eventually rode a train to Moscow, Russia, after the 18-month project stalled in Hungary.
Australia.
Australia has been host to a number of people who have walked across the country, who have completed the walk as either a personal challenge or to raise funds and awareness for charity.
Antarctica.
Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition.
The Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition was an attempt from 1914 to 1917, to march across Antarctica, and was the last major expedition of the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration.
Europe.
Trans-Europe Foot Race.
In the Trans-Europe Foot Race, participants cross Europe on foot, although they are mainly running, not walking. It is a multiday race, and in 2003 crossed Europe from Lisbon to Moscow, with 21 finishers (not counting a wheelchair user). In 2009, it crossed Europe from Bari, Italy to North Cape, Norway in 64 days. It had 45 finishers. The participants have support with food, beverages and accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="20676526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676526" title="Walter Dudley">
Walter Dudley

Walter John Dudley (29 May 1918 – 5 April 1978) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket with Victoria and Australian rules football for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Known as 'Wal', Dudley was born in Fitzroy and played three games for their VFL side in 1940. He kicked two goals on debut against South Melbourne and a further two against Hawthorn. 
In four first-class cricket matches with Victoria as a right arm fast bowler he took 11 wickets at 36.54. He twice dismissed Bill Brown in a match against Queensland but his career highlight was claiming Don Bradman for a duck, when the great Australian batsman was playing for South Australia. When not representing Victoria, Dudley played for Victorian Premier Cricket club Northcote. He made a total of 240 appearances and took a club record 556 wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="20676538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676538" title="1940 Eastern Suburbs season">
1940 Eastern Suburbs season

Eastern Suburbs (now known as the Sydney Roosters) competed in their 33rd New South Wales Rugby League season in 1940.
Details.
Led by forward Ray Stehr, there was still plenty of talent left in the East's side of 1940 and they went on to take the minor premiership, before gaining revenge on Canterbury, claiming their fourth titles in six seasons.
The line-up for the 1940 season included: Jack Arnold * Wal Bamford * Doug Bartlett * Dave Brown * William Brew * S.Callaghan * Owen Campbell * John Clarke * Dick Dunn * Noel Hollingdale * Sel Lisle * Fred May * K.McLean * Andy Norval * Rod O'Loan * Henry 'harry' Pierce * Sid 'Joe' Pearce * Ray Stehr.
Final Series.
Semi Final.
Eastern Suburbs semi-final against St George was played at the Sydney Cricket Ground. The match was played in strong wind & heavy rain. The Tricolurs progressed to the premiership decider by defeating St George 10 points to 3.
Eastern Suburbs 10 (A. Norval, D. Dunn tries; D. Bartlett 2 goals)
defeated 
Saint George 3 (J. Lindwall try)
Premiership Final.
Eastern Suburbs captain-coach Dave Brown , still suffering the effects of a leg injury that had kept him out of the Roosters semi-final victory over St George, was forced to withdraw on the morning of the match. 
His replacement, William Brew, scored the opening try early in the match, after backing up second rower Sid "Joe" Pearce. At the break Canterbury only trailed by two. However East's ended any hopes of a comeback, scoring just after the resumption. The match was never in any danger of being lost from that point, with Eastern suburb's burly forwards storming away in the latter stages.
The young Easts side had an average age of just 20 years. They overcame Canterbury by six tries to two.
Eastern Suburbs 24 (Tries: Pierce 2, O'Loan, Brew, Pearce, Clarke. Goals: Dunn 2 )
defeated 
Canterbury-Bankstown 14 (Tries: Bonnyman, Denton. Goals: Johnson 4)

</doc>
<doc id="20676542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676542" title="2009 Davis Cup Americas Zone Group I">
2009 Davis Cup Americas Zone Group I

The Americas Zone is one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
In the Americas Zone there are four different groups in which teams compete against each other to advance to the next group.

</doc>
<doc id="20676549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676549" title="Jaypee Brothers">
Jaypee Brothers

Jaypee Brothers is a medical publisher based in New Delhi, India. Founded in 1969, it publishes in all areas of health science. Jaypee has more than 3000 titles in its active backlist and publishes close to 300 new titles each year. The company has editorial and sales offices in India, London, Panama and Philadelphia and 700 employees. It publishes in 12 languages and publishes nearly 30 Spanish titles annually from its office in Panama. All Jaypee English language books, videos and journals are also published digitally through its online platform.

</doc>
<doc id="20676580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676580" title="1974–75 New York Rangers season">
1974–75 New York Rangers season

The 1974–75 New York Rangers season was the 49th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). A league realignment had the Rangers moved into the new Patrick Division within the Campbell Conference, where the team finished 2nd with 88 points. They qualified for the playoffs, losing in the preliminary round to the New York Islanders 2–1 in a best of two games series.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20676584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676584" title="Italian record progression 200 metres freestyle">
Italian record progression 200 metres freestyle


</doc>
<doc id="20676607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676607" title="Gurakki">
Gurakki

Gurakki, also spelt Gorakki, is a village of Haripur District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is part of Beer Union Council and is located at 34°6'0N 72°59'0E with an altitude of 847 metres (2782 feet).
The village is at the top of the hills. The village is connected through a metaled road with Haripur, and village Kakotri. Most people of the village are settled in the cities to earn their livelihood. 

</doc>
<doc id="20676625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676625" title="Daniel Bernard">
Daniel Bernard

Daniel Bernard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20676649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676649" title="2009 Davis Cup Americas Zone Group II">
2009 Davis Cup Americas Zone Group II

The Americas Zone is one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
In the Americas Zone there are four different groups in which teams compete against each other to advance to the next group.

</doc>
<doc id="20676656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676656" title="Chathi">
Chathi

Chathi, also spelt Chatthi, is a village of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is part of Beer Union Council and is located at 34°7'0N 72°58'0E with an altitude of 625 metres (2053 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20676677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676677" title="Asad Ghanma">
Asad Ghanma

Asad Ghanma (14 February 1930 - 18 July 2006) () was a Jordanian Orthodox Christian general. From the town of Al Hisn in north of Jordan, he served as Major and Commander of the 48th Infantry Battalion of the Jordanian army during 1967 Arab-Israeli War and the Battle of Karameh. After the 1967 war, he was promoted to Brigadier General and remained in Jordanian Armed Forces until retiremehe died in a fuzy ballnt, he is most noted for his role in the Samu Incident.
Samu Incident.
Asad Ghanma was the Commander of the 48th Infantry Battalion of the Jordanian army during the Samu Incident, which was the first Jordanian force to arrive at the battle field. After the war Asad Ghanma received the Medal of bravery from the late King Hussein bin Talal, for his extraordinary brave role during the war.
Ghanma

</doc>
<doc id="20676678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676678" title="List of foreign footballers in Iran 1920–2000">
List of foreign footballers in Iran 1920–2000

This is a list of foreign footballers who have been played in the Iran from 1920 to 2000. The following players have been born outside Iran and have not been capped for the Iranian national football team at any level.

</doc>
<doc id="20676704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676704" title="Maehwasan (Gangwon)">
Maehwasan (Gangwon)

Maehwasan is a South Korean mountain between the county of Hoengseong and the city of Wonju, Gangwon-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20676718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676718" title="Soha">
Soha

Soha is a village of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is part of Beer Union Council and is located at 34°8'0N 72°58'0E with an altitude of 495 metres (1627 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20676731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676731" title="Majeoksan">
Majeoksan

Majeoksan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20676738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676738" title="Kachi">
Kachi

Kachi, also spelt Kachhi, is a village of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is part of Beer Union Council and is located at 34°8'0N 72°57'0E with an altitude of 558 metres (1833 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20676760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676760" title="Masan (Gangwon)">
Masan (Gangwon)

Masan is a mountain in the county of Goseong, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20676773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676773" title="Sri Lanka national basketball team">
Sri Lanka national basketball team

The Sri Lankan national basketball team represents Sri Lanka in international competitions. It is administrated by the Sri Lanka Basketball Federation (SLBF). Until 1972 it was known as Ceylon national basketball team.
The team qualified for the Asian Basketball Championship 7 times and was among Asia's 12 top basketball teams in 1981.
History.
Basketball was first introduced to Sri Lanka in 1917 by an American, Walter Cammak. Ten years later in 1927, Ananda College was the first school to introduce basketball in Sri Lanka, causing other schools to follow. In 1958 the Ceylon Basketball Federation (CBF) was established which was consequently admitted to the FIBA in 1959. Sri Lanka joined the Asian Basketball Confederation (ABC) in 1962, and have participated in most ABC competitions since.
Competitions.
Summer Olympics.
"yet to qualify"<br><br>
World Championships.
"yet to qualify"<br><br>
FIBA Asia Championship.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20676777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676777" title="2009 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone">
2009 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone

The European and African Zone is one of three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
Group III.
Section A.
Group A
Group B
Promotion Play-Off Group
Relegation Play-Off Group
Section B.
Group A
Group B
Promotion Play-Off Group
Relegation Play-Off Group

</doc>
<doc id="20676784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676784" title="Fort Chepe">
Fort Chepe

Fort Chepe was a fort established in 1603 by Governor Alonso de Ribera on Cerro de Chepe (Chepe Hill) west of Concepcion, Chile on the north bank of the Bio Bio River. It was built for defense of the crossing of the Bio Bio River at this point near the mouth of the river, and of the road to old Concepcion. During the Chilean War of Independence guns on these heights opposed the naval landing of the Royalist force of Antonio Pareja on March 27, 1813, and also was a factor in later battles west of Concepcion.

</doc>
<doc id="20676798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676798" title="Angelo Romani">
Angelo Romani

Angelo Romani (12 April 1934 – January 8, 2003) was an Italian swimmer. He participated in three Olympics Games. He was the Italian record holder several times in different events. He was born in Pesaro, Italy and died in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20676809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676809" title="2009 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group I">
2009 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group I

The European and African Zone is one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
In the European and African Zone there are four different groups in which teams compete against each other to advance to the next group.

</doc>
<doc id="20676814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676814" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1900–1903">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1900–1903

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 9 March 1900 election and the 2 April 1903 election.
Party affiliations were relatively loose during the period, although a Liberal grouping had formed over the 1890s around Sir Edward Braddon, the former Premier of Tasmania, and Andrew Inglis Clark. A separate grouping, generally described as Ministerial, supported Elliott Lewis, who was Premier for the entire parliamentary term. Only one Labor candidate ran in the election, in only the second contest entered by the party.
The 1900 election was the second to use a limited version of the Hare-Clark system within Hobart and Launceston, which were given 6 and 4 seats respectively, while still using first past the post single-member constituencies elsewhere in the state. Following this term, the system largely returned to its pre–1897 state, but at the 1909 election, the entire State was redivided into five electorates using the Hare-Clark system.

</doc>
<doc id="20676824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676824" title="The Groovy Little Numbers">
The Groovy Little Numbers

The Groovy Little Numbers were an indie pop band from Bellshill, Lanarkshire, Scotland centred around former member of The Boy Hairdressers, and future BMX Bandits and Superstar member Joe McAlinden.
History.
Formed in the mid-1980s, multi-instrumentalist Joe McAlinden was joined by Catherine Steven (vocals) and Gerard Love (bass, vocals), with a brass section from the Motherwell Youth Orchestra comprising Colette Walsh (tenor saxophone), John McRorie (alto sax), Kevin McCarthy (baritone sax), Mairi Cameron (trumpet), and James Wood (trumpet). The band only released two EPs during their time together, both on 53rd & 3rd, the first of which, "You Make My Head Explode", reached number 25 in the UK Indie Chart. 
The band also contributed a track ('Get it Together') to the Honey at the Core (Part 2) compilation cassette.
The band split up, with McAlinden joining the BMX Bandits as guitarist in 1991. Love subsequently joined Teenage Fanclub. 
McAlinden later formed a new band, Superstar, releasing five albums between 1992 and 2000, and later forming NOM with Sice from The Boo Radleys.

</doc>
<doc id="20676825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676825" title="Berner Haselnusslebkuchen">
Berner Haselnusslebkuchen

Berner Haselnusslebkuchen are "Lebkuchen" – traditional Christmas cakes – from Berne, Switzerland. Made from ground hazelnuts, they are not to be confused with the "Berner Honiglebkuchen", another Bernese specialty.
Composition and production.
The "Berner Haselnusslebkuchen" are made of a marzipan-like mass of roasted and ground hazelnuts and about one eighth ground almonds, as well as a little sugar, honey, cinnamon, candied lemon and orange peel, held together by egg white. The addition of water or flour is not necessary, as the oil in the hazelnuts helps the mass stick together. The grinding of the hazelnuts requires extensive experience: if ground too hard, the hazelnut oils will liquefy and evaporate during baking, making the "Lebkuchen" hard like a "zwieback".
The hazelnut mass is rolled out into a spread of dough thick. The baker may then cut out DIN A5-sized rectangular pieces and press them into a form traditionally depicting a bear, Berne's heraldic animal ("pictured above"). He may also use cookie cutters in the shapes of a bear or Santa Claus, or he may cut the dough into small rectangular pieces called "Leckerli". The "Lebkuchen" are then allowed to dry for a few hours, during which the crystallizing sugar forms a faint crust on the dough's surface. Afterwards, they are baked at for 10 to 15 minutes. A well-made "Haselnusslebkuchen" should be crunchy on the outside, but remain soft and moist within. The "Lebkuchen" may then be decorated further with icing, hazelnuts or almonds.
History and usage.
A sweet similar to the "Haselnusslebkuchen", although still containing some flour, is first described in the 1835 "Neues Berner Kochbuch", a cookbook by Lina Rytz. During the 19th and early 20th century, Bernese cookbooks record numerous recipes for "Haselnussleckerli" or "Bernerläckerli", indicating that the sweet was initially only produced in the small "Leckerli" form, with the larger rectangular forms coming into use only in the second half of the 20th century. The now-common name of "Haselnusslebkuchen" is first used in a 1946 baker's manual.
The "Lebkuchen"'s expensive ingredients such as hazelnuts and sugar indicate that it was always a gift article and a holiday sweet – up until the later 19th century, sugar was largely unaffordable for the Bernese working class. "Haselnusslebkuchen" continue to be made by bakers in the entire canton of Berne during December. In the city of Berne, where tourists provide for a steady demand, they can be bought all year round.

</doc>
<doc id="20676847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676847" title="Dead Man (band)">
Dead Man (band)

Dead Man is a psychedelic rock band from Örebro, Närke, Sweden formed in 2003. The band’s sound is highly influenced by 1960s and 1970s psychedelic rock/folk rock as well as other musical genres.
History.
The band was started by Kristoffer Sjödahl (formerly of Norrsken) and Johan Rydholm. As the two jammed together a lot, they then asked Marcus Allard to join which he said yes and later that year bass player Joakim Dimberg joined to complete the band. The band’s name arose from an album by Texas rock band Josefus which was entitled "Dead Man". Dead Man initially released a vinyl 7” containing two songs, "Ship Ahoy!" and "Thousand Mile Stare", recorded in a basement in the rural town of Kumla. The two songs created a buzz among stoners and hippies in the underground scene in Sweden.
Dead Man (2006–2007).
Next, Dead Man decided to start on making their debut album. Dead Man snuck into the famous Svenska Grammofon Studion and began to work on their first album. In early 2006, with a fresh set of songs in hand, Dead Man was set to release their eponymous debut album. Released via Sweden’s Crusher Records, "Dead Man" was praised by Rock Hard, Metal Hammer and Stoner Rock.
Euphoria (2007–2009).
In mid-2007, Dead Man once again entered the studio to record their second album, "Euphoria." While "Dead Man" was successful in the underground stoner and progressive rock scene, "Euphoria" would awaken many more listeners.
In February 2009, Dead Man embarked on its first U.S. tour. In April 2009, Dead Man played the Afterburner of the Roadburn Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20676848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676848" title="Berlin (sculpture)">
Berlin (sculpture)

Berlin is the name of a sculpture on the Tauentzienstraße in western Berlin, the capital of Germany. 
First conceived in 1985 and unveiled by the husband-and-wife sculpting team of Brigitte Matschinsky-Denninghoff and Martin Matschinsky in 1987, the sculpture's principal motif, a "broken chain", was meant to symbolize the severed connections between West and East Berlin due to the construction of the Berlin Wall. 
Even though the Wall has since been dismantled, the sculpture was bought by the city from Mrs. Matschinsky-Denninghoff to commemorate the unfortunate chapter in German history.
History.
"Berlin" was one of eight sculptures designed during "Skulpturenboulevard Kurfürstendamm" ("Boulevard of Sculptures: Kurfürstendamm"), an event commissioned by the city of West Berlin to celebrate Berlin's 750th anniversary in 1987. Of the eight sculptures unveiled, three were allowed to remain past the anniversary year ("Berlin, Pyramide," and "Cadillacs in Form der nackten Maja"); the city and Deutsche Bank acquired "Berlin" after its original lease had expired.
For the event, the sculptors were allowed free rein to decide where on or around the Kurfürstendamm to erect their work. The Matschinsky-Denninghoffs chose the Tauentzienstraße in front of the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gedächtniskirche, which was heavily damaged during the Bombing of Berlin in World War II, as the place to build and unveil their sculpture. 
The sculpture consists of four steel tubes, each about 2 meters in diameter, reinforced with a concrete base, shooting upwards toward the sky. For about a half-meter, one of the two ends on each side tilt, then change direction completely, looping but not touching, symbolizing the closeness and isolation between the two sides of Berlin. In addition, the surface of the tubes are covered by chrome nickel steel, to give a sort of "glimmer effect" which can darken or shine depending on the time of day.
Describing the meaning and impact intended by the "Berlin" sculpture, Brigitte Matschinsky-Denninghoff said, "The sculpture is accessible from all sides and thus perceivable to viewers. is emphasized is the direction West-East and East-West. Our sculpture is specifically designed as a big, 'organically grown' gate, forming a double arch which is not just necessary and practical, an invigorating emphasis...we are trying to communicate something of Berlin's situation in a symbolic way."

</doc>
<doc id="20676853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676853" title="Defying Ocean's End">
Defying Ocean's End

"Defying Ocean's End" (DOE) is a global agenda for action in marine conservation compiled in a 2004 Island Press book. It is also the title of a 2003 Los Cabos (Mexico) conference, where the agenda was formulated.
The "DOE" website describes itself as "a practical agenda of action to safeguard the ocean for future generations to come. This dynamic strategy-including costs and recommendations-is a collective voice for those seeking to reverse the disturbing trends we are witnessing in the ocean today. As never again, we have an opportunity now to respond to this crisis, by moving beyond localized and "ad hoc" initiatives - however good they might be - to coordinated global action."
The website also lists a "DOE Office" charged with distributing the agenda. The office is composed of Dr. Sylvia Earle, Arlo Hemphill, Tim Noviello and Linda K. Glover:.
"Defying Ocean's End" book.
Published in 2004 by Island Press, "Defying Ocean's End" is now used as a university textbook for marine conservation. The book is a collaboration of over 70 authors and was edited by Linda K. Glover and Dr. Sylvia Earle, along with assistant editor Arlo Hemphill and maps created by Debra Fischman. The book also includes a forward by Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority founding director, Graeme Kelleher.
Photographers for the book include: Paul Arena, Haroldo Castro, David Doubilet, Sylvia Earle, Peter Etnoyer, Greg Foster, Neil Hammerschlag, Arlo Hemphill, Wolcott Henry, Jennifer Jeffers, Lance Jordan, Roderic Mast, Cristina Mittermeier, Russell Mittermeier, NASA, NOAA Office of Exploration, Roger Steene, Patricio Robles Gil, Timothy Werner and Sterling Zumbrunn.
A photograph of Pearl Jam rhythm guitarist Stone Gossard is included in the book, along with a note of appreciation.
Chapters of the book are:
Los Cabos conference.
"Defying Ocean's End" was launched at a conference held in Los Cabos, Mexico on May 29 to June 3, 2003. The conference was organized by Conservation International; convened by American oceanographer, Dr. Sylvia Earle, and Intel Corporation co-founder, Gordon Moore; and chaired by Graeme Kelleher. It included the participation of nearly 150 experts from more than 20 countries, representing the fields of ocean science, finance, and conservation. A select group of senior representatives from world governments, corporations and the media were also in attendance. In addition to Conservation International, a number of large, international conservation organizations collaborated on the conference. These included The Nature Conservancy, Natural Resources Defense Council, The Ocean Conservancy, Wildlife Conservation Society, the International Union for Conservation of Nature and the World Wildlife Fund. The Conference was sponsored by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, BP, ESRI, Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines and the Alexander Henry Foundation.
The conference was structured into 5 regional case studies, 7 thematic working groups, and a business team focused on developing Action Plans which addressed specific issues and outcomes - with priorities, and costs identified—for 1-year, 3-year, and 10-year timeframes. Five case studies were presented to all Conference participants, which addressed lessons learned and recommendations in very different regions: The Caribbean, Seamounts, Antarctic Waters, The Coral Triangle and the Gulf of California.
Break-out discussions were divided into seven Thematic Working Groups on widely ranging science, conservation, social, economic and legal topics:
A Business Team led by Larry Linden of Goldman Sachs worked with all groups to identify key cost drivers and estimate reasonable total solution costs.
Results.
The DOE website lists the following "high level" results:
Participants.
Of the many notable attendees of the "Defying Ocean's End" conference, those with their own Wikipedia pages include Chris Anderson, Dr. Farooq Azam, Jean-Michel Cousteau, Dr. Sylvia Earle, Cristina Mittermeier, Dr. Russell Mittermeier, Gordon Moore, Dr. Ransom A. Myers, Dr. Callum Roberts and David Sandalow.
Additional participating organizations included:

</doc>
<doc id="20676855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676855" title="Maputo Protocol">
Maputo Protocol

The Protocol to the African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights on the Rights of Women in Africa, better known as the Maputo Protocol, guarantees comprehensive rights to women including the right to take part in the political process, to social and political equality with men, to control of their reproductive health, and an end to female genital mutilation. As the name suggests, it was adopted by the African Union in the form of a protocol to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights.
Origins.
Following on from recognition that women's rights were often marginalised in the context of human rights, a meeting organised by Women in Law and
Development in Africa (WiLDAF) in March 1995, in Lomé, Togo called for the development of a specific protocol to the African Charter on Human and People's Rights to address the rights of women. The OAU assembly mandated the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights (ACHPR) to develop such a protocol at its 31st Ordinary Session in June 1995, in Addis Ababa.
A first draft produced by an expert group of members of the ACHPR,
representatives of African NGOs and international observers, organised by the ACHPR in collaboration with the International Commission of Jurists, was submitted to the ACHPR at its 22nd Session in October 1997, and circulated for comments to other NGOs. Revision in co-operation with involved NGO's took place at different sessions from October to January, and in April 1998, the 23rd session of the ACHPR endorsed the appointment of Julienne Ondziel Gnelenga, a Congolese lawyer, as the first Special Rapporteur on Women's Rights in Africa, mandating her to work towards the adoption of the draft protocol on women's rights. The OAU Secretariat received the completed draft in 1999, and in 2000 at Addis Ababa it was merged with the Draft Convention on Traditional Practices in a joint session of the Inter African Committee and the ACHPR. After further work at experts meetings and conferences during 2001, the process stalled and the protocol was not presented at the inaugual summit of the AU in 2002.
In early 2003, Equality Now hosted a conference of women's groups, to organise a campaign to lobby the African Union to adopt the protocol, and the protocol's text was brought up to international standards. The lobbying was successful, the African Union resumed the process and the finished document was officially adopted by the section summit of the African Union, on 11 July 2003.
Adoption and ratification.
The protocol was adopted by the African Union on 11 July 2003 at its second summit in Maputo, Mozambique. On 25 November 2005, having been ratified by the required 15 member nations of the African Union, the protocol entered into force.
Of the 53 member countries in the African Union, the heads of states of 46 countries signed the protocol, and , 28 of those countries had ratified and deposited the protocol.
Signed by.
Algeria, Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Comoros, Congo, Djibouti, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Kenya, Libya, Lesotho, Liberia, Madagascar, Mali, Mozambique, Mauritius, Namibia, Nigeria, Niger, Rwanda, Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Africa, Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe
Ratified by.
Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Comoros, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Djibouti, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Libya, Lesotho, Liberia, Mali, Malawi, Mozambique, Mauritania, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Seychelles, South Africa, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Kenya
Neither signed nor ratified by.
Botswana, Egypt, Eritrea, Tunisia
Reservations.
At the Maputo Summit, several countries expressed reservations.
Tunisia, Sudan, Kenya, Namibia and South Africa recorded reservations about some of the marriage clauses. Egypt, Libya, Sudan, South Africa and Zambia had reservations about "judicial separation, divorce and annulment of marriage." Burundi, Senegal, Sudan, Rwanda and Libya held reservations with Article 14, relating to the "right to health and control of reproduction." Libya expressed reservations about a point relating to conflicts.
Articles.
The main articles are:
Opposition.
There are two particularly contentious factors driving opposition to the Protocol: its article on reproductive health, which is opposed mainly by Catholics and other Christians, and its articles on female genital mutilation, polygamous marriage and other traditional practices, which are opposed mainly by Muslims.
Christian opposition.
Pope Benedict XVI has described the Protocol as "an attempt to trivialize abortion surreptitiously". The Roman Catholic bishops of Africa oppose the Maputo Protocol because it defines abortion as a human right. The US-based pro-life advocacy organisation, Human Life International, describes it as "a Trojan horse for a radical agenda."
In Uganda, the powerful Joint Christian Council opposed efforts to ratify the treaty on the grounds that Article 14, in guaranteeing abortion "in cases of sexual assault, rape, incest,
and where the continued pregnancy endangers the mental
and physical health of the mother or the life of the mother
or the foetus," is incompatible with traditional Christian morality. In an open letter to the government and people of Uganda in January 2006, the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Uganda set out their opposition to the ratification of the Maputo Protocol. It was nevertheless ratified on 22 July 2010.
Muslim opposition.
In Niger, the Parliament voted 42 to 31, with 4 abstentions, against ratifying it in June 2006; in this Muslim country, several traditions banned or deprecated by the Protocol are common. Nigerien Muslim women's groups in 2009 gathered in Niamey to protest what they called "the satanic Maputo protocols", specifying limits to marriage age of girls and abortion as objectionable. 
In Djibouti, however, the Protocol was ratified in February 2005 after a subregional conference on female genital mutilation called by the Djibouti government and No Peace Without Justice, at which the Djibouti Declaration on female genital mutilation was adopted. The document declares that the Koran does not support female genital mutilation, and on the contrary practising genital mutilation on women goes against the precepts of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="20676905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676905" title="2009 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II">
2009 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II

The European and African Zone is one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
In the European and African Zone there are four different groups in which teams compete against each other to advance to the next group.

</doc>
<doc id="20676916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676916" title="Sri Lanka women's national basketball team">
Sri Lanka women's national basketball team

The Sri Lankan women's national basketball team is the basketball team representing Sri Lanka in international competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20676931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676931" title="Eridadi Mukwanga">
Eridadi Mukwanga

Eridari Mukwanga (12 July 1943 – January 1998) was a Ugandan boxer, silver medalist at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
He was the first athlete representing Uganda to win an Olympic medal. == Amateur Highlights ==
Bantamweight silver medalist at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City. Results were:

</doc>
<doc id="20676940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20676940" title="Wildwood Dancing">
Wildwood Dancing

Wildwood Dancing is a young adult fantasy novel written by author Juliet Marillier and published by Pan Macmillan Australia in 2006. The publication of "Wildwood Dancing" follows soon on the heels of previous highly anticipated collections by Juliet Marillier : The Sevenwaters Trilogy and The Bridei Chronicles.
Setting.
"Wildwood Dancing" is set in early 1500s Transylvania, and tells the story of five young sisters from the ages of five to seventeen, in the first person from the point of view of Jenica (called 'Jena'), the second sister. This time period would precede the writing of Bram Stoker's Dracula, and therefore Marillier's "Night People" would not be referred to as vampires.
Plot.
One winter, Jena's father sets out to the coast to recover from a serious illness that would kill him if he remained home for the winter. In his absence, he leaves his house, his younger daughters, and his half of the merchant business he and his cousin run in the hands of Jena, and her elder sister Tatiana (called 'Tati'). It is when Jena's father's cousin (called Uncle) Nicolae dies, that things begin to go wrong for Jena and her sisters: Cezar uses his newfound power of being master of his father's estate to take a firm control over the castle in which Jena and her sisters live.
Every full moon, the sisters go to the Other Kingdom, where they meet and dance with various magical creatures. Eventually, Cezar becomes so bent on revenge for the death of his older brother Costi (who drowned ten years prior to the book) that he suggests felling the forest around both his and his cousins' estates. In distress, Jena attempts to dissuade him from doing so. She also attempts to prevent Tati from seeing Sorrow, her sweetheart, who Jena believes to be one of the Night People.
In an effort to persuade her sister that it is not meant to be, Jena enlists the help of Bogdana, Nicolae's widow, to organise a party to find suitable husbands at the next Full Moon. Jena and her younger sisters are all upset that they will miss the Full Moon dance, but none so much as Tati; she rapidly loses weight, and her personality fades into almost non-existence. Meanwhile, there was a killing in the village, which had all the markings of an attack of the Night people; reluctantly, Jena tells her sister of what Tadeusz had told her about Dark of the Moon at one of the Full Moon revels. Tati decides to use this portal at Dark of the Moon, where Jena discovers her with Tadeusz's sister, Anastasia. Frightened, the sisters are separated, and Anastasia takes Jena (unwillingly) to see Draguţa's mirror. In the mirror, Jena learns of Sorrow's true heritage, as well as sees a vision of herself and a young man that she would come to love; the young man in this vision then changes into a horrible monster, turning on Jena's younger sisters. Frightened, Jena flees back to the lakeside, where she meets up with Tati and Sorrow. Sorrow then sends the girls over the frozen lake and back to their own world, where they decide to visit the Dancing Glade the next month to both warn the Queen of Cezar's intentions, and ask if she could help Sorrow, and the girl who was revealed to be his younger sister.
After miserably failing to propose to (and being rejected by) Jena, Cezar works out that the entrance to the Other Kingdom is indeed in the bedchamber that Jena and her sisters share. Desperate for help, Jena sets out to the lake where Costi drowned, to seek out Draguța. She speaks to the old woman for a little, before she is given a powerful sleeping potion to put both the man and the chaperone to sleep on the night of the full moon. As Jena leaves, she gives Gogu a kiss on the nose; a bright flash throws both her and the frog apart. When she can see again, she finds a young man on the shore of the lake, whom she instantly knows to be Gogu; she also recognises him as the young man in the mirror, who turns into a monster. Jena is torn between following her heart and trusting him, and keeping her sisters safe by leaving him behind. Eventually, though she doesn't want to, Jena leaves the young man behind, breaking her own heart to keep her sisters safe.
As planned, the sisters drug the man and chaperone in their bedchamber, and seek the help of the faerie Queen. Ileana tells Tati that she has set Sorrow a quest, to be completed within one month; if he succeeds, they will be allowed to wed, and Tati to live in the Other Kingdom. Gogu is also there, and the faerie Queen reveals that he was bound by a spell of silence, giving him his voice back. Gogu then reveals to Jena that he is Costi, which she denies; however, Draguța later reveals that this is true. She had placed the boy under and enchantment to turn him into a frog. She then revealed that it was Jena's doubt that allowed Anastasia to manipulate the image in the mirror; Costi was not a monster, and Jena had broken his heart by claiming that he was, instead of trusting him.
Costi returns the next day and takes over his father's estate, and Cezar disappears; however, Jena is too nervous and guilty to speak to Costi. Eventually, Tati convinces her to go visit him and, on the day of the Full Moon, she does. Using three gifts, (the traditional amount for a fairytale), Jena captures Costi's attention for long enough to apologize and for them to confess their love for each other. They then come across an injured Sorrow, to whom they take a dying Tati. the two make their journey to the Other Kingdom, for good. Eventually, life returns to normal, though the family misses Tati. Jena's father returns home, and Jena and Costi look forward to their impending marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="20677010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677010" title="Theunis van Schalkwyk">
Theunis van Schalkwyk

Theunis Jacobus van Schalkwyk (14 September 1929 – 27 August 2005) was a boxer from South Africa, silver medalist at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
He was born in Krugersdorp, Gauteng.

</doc>
<doc id="20677011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677011" title="Ternuma">
Ternuma

Ternuma is a Brazilian association of right-wing persons. Its leaders are mainly supporters of the Brazilian military government, which occurred between 1964 and 1985.
Its members advocate right-wing politics for Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20677017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677017" title="Fagbug">
Fagbug

Fagbug is a Volkswagen New Beetle owned by Erin Davies of Troy, New York who, in response to graffiti on her car, embarked on a trans-American road trip to raise awareness of LGBT rights.
History.
On April 18, 2007, Davies, an art education graduate student at Sage College of Albany, found the words "fAg" and "U R gay" spray-painted on her car. In response, she put her studies on hold and embarked upon a video-documented, 55,000 mile (89,000 km) journey through 41 U.S. states, during which she interviewed 536 people and spoke out against hate crimes. Davies received sponsorship from Volkswagen Group of America and HD Radio to use for gas money, car expenses, and the film. In 2009, Davies' documentary film, "Fagbug", premiered at film festivals throughout the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20677037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677037" title="Joe Pawelek">
Joe Pawelek

Joseph Charles Pawelek (born December 8, 1986) is a free-agent American football linebacker formerly of the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. He was considered one of the top linebacker prospects available for the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football for Baylor.
Professional career.
Seattle Seahawks.
He signed as free agent with the Seattle Seahawks after going undrafted in the 2010 NFL Draft.
He was cut from the Seahawks on September 4, 2010, but was then immediately picked up the following day to be a part of the 2010 Seahawks practice squad because of a solid preseason performance. He was then brought up from the practice squad and was 2nd string ILB below former Seahawks MLB Lofa Tatupu, but did play UpBack on special teams occasionally. The Seahawks released Pawelek on July 29, 2011.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
On October 12, 2011, he was signed to the Jacksonville Jaguars' practice squad. He was released from the practice squad two weeks later on October 26.

</doc>
<doc id="20677082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677082" title="Andries Nieman">
Andries Nieman

Andries Christiaan Niemann (born 11 September 1927) is a former boxer from South Africa, bronze medalist at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20677090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677090" title="Decatur Heights Historic District">
Decatur Heights Historic District

The Decatur Heights Historic District is a national historic district in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It a mixed-use district of located on the northeast side of Cumberland. It contains a total of 377 residential / commercial / industrial historic resources, including five properties previously listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Approximately 50 percent of the resources in the district predate 1890, approximately 40 percent date were constructed between 1890 and 1930, and the remaining approximately 10 percent post-date 1930. It is significant because: 1) its association with the history of African-American education in Cumberland; 2) its association with the exploration and settlement of the region, with its location along the National Road; and 3) the dense concentration of primarily residential buildings built between about 1820 and the 1940s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20677108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677108" title="John Durkan Memorial Punchestown Chase">
John Durkan Memorial Punchestown Chase

The John Durkan Memorial Chase is a Grade 1 National Hunt chase in Ireland. It is run over a distance of 2 miles and 4 furlongs at Punchestown in December.
The race was first run in 1968 and it was run over a distance of 2 miles until 1973. It has been run over today's distance since then apart from in 1993 and 1994, where if was run over 2 miles and 5 furlongs.

</doc>
<doc id="20677110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677110" title="Sheoraphuli Surendra Nath Vidyaniketan">
Sheoraphuli Surendra Nath Vidyaniketan

Sheoraphuli Surendra Nath Vidyaniketan was established in 1963 by businessman Surendra Nath Ghosh. It is a Bengali medium school at Sheoraphuli, West Bengal, India. Students of the school appear for 10th (Madhyamik) examination under the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education and 12th (Higher Secondary Examination) examination under the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education. 
Grades 5 to 9 are divided into three sections and grade 10 into two sections. Grade 11 and 12 have three streams - science, arts and commerce. The day section of this school is boys-only with a strength of 1200 students.
The morning section has primary and girls section, housed in the same building. The students come mostly from the Sheoraphuli and Baidyabati area.
School uniform.
White shirt with navy blue shorts or trousers, white socks and black shoes. In winter, navy blue sweaters are allowed.
Student life and culture.
Saraswati puja, Independence Day, Teacher's Day, Freshers Day(Nabin Baron), annual sports, occasional magic show, debate, quiz, school magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20677114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677114" title="Ten Rounds with Jose Cuervo">
Ten Rounds with Jose Cuervo

"Ten Rounds with José Cuervo" is the title of a song recorded by American country music artist Tracy Byrd. Released in April 2002, it was the third single from Byrd's "Ten Rounds" album. The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It also peaked at number 26 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 making it a minor crossover hit and Byrd's highest peaking song on that chart. It was written by Casey Beathard, Michael P. Heeney, and Marla Cannon-Goodman.
Content.
The song is upbeat and in the song, the narrator discusses going to a bar to forget his ex who broke up with him. He then starts drinking many rounds of the Mexican tequila, José Cuervo. After the narrator counts off each round he states something crazy he does and eventually the narrator forgets what round he is drinking and begins counting again.
The song had also been cut by Garth Brooks, who planned to include it on his 2001 album "Scarecrow". According to Byrd, he called Brooks after learning that Brooks had also recorded the song. "I called Garth and he said that he had been told if it wasn't my first single, it was not gonna be a single and I said, 'Well, it's gonna be a single and I really, really am counting on this thing as a hit.' I said, 'I named the album after it.' And he was cool he said, 'Man, I wish you luck with it,' he said, 'Do well, you had it first and I love the song, I think it's a smash and good luck with it.'"
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably saying that Byrd "offers the kind of vocal authority that makes the whole package ring." She also describes the song as "a heck of a lot of fun."
Chart performance.
"Ten Rounds with José Cuervo" debuted at number 59 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of April 6, 2002. The song is Byrd's second and last number-one on the U.S. country charts, and his first since "Holdin' Heaven" in September 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20677124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677124" title="Valentine Leeper">
Valentine Leeper

Valentine Alexa Leeper (14 February 1900 - 26 July 2001) was an Australian classicist, teacher, polemicist, and letter-writer of renown.
Life.
Valentine Leeper was born on Valentine's Day 1900 in the Leeper Building of Trinity College at the University of Melbourne, daughter of Dr Alexander Leeper, first Warden of that college, and his second wife, Mary (née Moule). Her half-brothers, Reginald Leeper and Allen Leeper, both became prominent British diplomats. Her brother, Geoffrey Leeper, became the first professor of agricultural chemistry at the University of Melbourne.
Valentine was educated at Melbourne Church of England Girls Grammar School and at Trinity College. For many years she worked as secretary and carer to her father, and then as carer for her mother. After both had died, in her middle age, she obtained work as a school teacher.
Views.
Eccentric and conservative in style, but liberal in many of her views, Valentine acquired from her father the spirit of a controversialist, and over many decades she was a frequent writer of letters to newspapers, government ministers, Anglican church leaders, and many others. She was a commentator and activist on international affairs (e.g. as a long-time member of the League of Nations Union), Indigenous affairs (including as a long-time member of the Victorian Aboriginal Group), education (including the protection of classical studies), the Church (for example, as an advocate of women's ordination). Her other interests include hockey playing.
In 1944, she published a pamphlet, "Piecrust Promises", attacking what she saw as the British betrayal of Poland to the Soviet Union during World War II, which had originally been fought to protect Poland. For many years in the mid-20th century Valentine Leeper appeared on Australian radio as a provider of little-known information and her own clear opinions. A strong defender of her father's memory and opinions, Valentine Leeper provided much information for a biography of him, written by Professor John Poynter, and published in 1997.
In 1998, Valentine Leeper was installed as a Fellow of Trinity College (University of Melbourne). She died in 2001. Her ashes were interred in a garden next to the building in which she was born, and in which she had played as a girl. 
A 'life with letters' of Valentine Leeper was published in 2008. It was launched by Professor Geoffrey Blainey, and has been described by women's historian Patricia Grimshaw as "a vivid and compelling portrait of this influential woman", and as being at "the forefront of insightful biography".

</doc>
<doc id="20677126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677126" title="Frostburg Historic District">
Frostburg Historic District

The Frostburg Historic District is a national historic district in Frostburg, Allegany County, Maryland. It comprises 356 resources within the city of Frostburg, along U.S. Route 40, which forms the main axis of the district. Included are a collection of early-20th century commercial buildings, primarily of brick construction, two or three stories tall, and a collection of mid- to late-19th and early-20th century homes reflecting a variety of architectural styles, including Italianate, Second Empire, Queen Anne, and Colonial Revival.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20677138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677138" title="Henry Loubscher">
Henry Loubscher

Henry Loubscher (born 9 August 1936) is a former boxer from South Africa, bronze medalist at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20677143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677143" title="Kuwait National Cinema Company">
Kuwait National Cinema Company

Cinescape - Kuwait National Cinema Company (KNCC), formerly known as Kuwait Cinema Company, was incorporated in 1954 with a capital of 7 million rupees, a few years before the Kuwaiti dinar currency was introduced. Commencing in 1996, KNCC used up scale shopping centers as prime locations for multi-screen theaters and initiated a plan to renovate older theaters in an effort to enhance its corporate image. In November 2003, KNCC had introduced its E-Ticketing service, the first of its kind in the Middle East. With E-Ticketing, customers are able to buy tickets online using debit and credit cards. In 2005, the company has added M-NET to its family of enabled payment methods. Customers can now pay for their tickets using their mobiles. With this, Kuwait became the second country in the world (after Austria) to enable mobile payments in theaters.
Branding KNCC to Cinescape.
Enterprise IG was commissioned by Kuwait National Cinemas to transform the company, previously linked to the government, into a brand that reflected the significant changes made by the Cinema Company since its privatisation. The challenge was to create something compelling and energetic that connected with the youth of Kuwait who are very demanding in their consumer choices. Enterprise IG incorporated the concepts of light, energy and movement into the brand's design strategy, which creates a vibrant image that will be felt throughout the new Cinescape experience - from the drink and popcorn containers, to uniforms, signage, theatre magazine and digital branding.
Exhibition.
Cinescape has 13 locations with 56 screens using Digital Cinema Technology and have 3D capabilities. There is also one digital IMAX screen in Kuwait, which is located at Cinescape 360. All of the theaters are located inside various malls except for one location which is a stand alone cinema. The capacity level is around 10,000 seats across all locations. There are also four VIP screens with two in Cinescape the Avenues and two in Cinescape 360.
Distribution.
Cinescape plays a major role in distribution of major independent films in the Middle East through its associates, Front Row Filmed Entertainment. In 2005, The Kuwait National Cinema Company joined alliance with Front Row Filmed Entertainment distributing major independent films from studios like New Line Cinema, Paramount Vantage, Exclusive Media Group HanWay Films, Lakeshore Entertainment, Studio Canal, TF1 International, Celluloid Dreams, Peace Arch Films, Wild Bunch, Studio Ghibli, National Lampoon's and many more. Since then, more than 600 titles have been distributed across the Middle-East region. In addition to the Independent titles, it is a distributor of Arabic language films in the Gulf Region. It also distributes films from Bollywood, and foreign language titles to the Gulf Region.
Theaters.
Cinescape theatre names:
Kuwait Stock Exchange.
KNCC has been listed on the Kuwait Stock Exchange as a shareholding company with assets valued at more than KD 36 million (US $122 million)
External links.
http://www.zawya.com/cm/profile.cfm/cid5094
http://www.arabianbusiness.com/companies/kuwait-national-cinema-company-66717.html?tab=Profile&view=markets
http://www.tamdeen.com/tamdeen/index.php?/kncc/kuwait-national-cinema-company-profile.AM
http://www.gulfbase.com/site/interface/CompanyProfileSummary.aspx?c=244
http://www.qubecinema.com/news/kuwaitcinema.htm
http://www.ameinfo.com/79710.html

</doc>
<doc id="20677159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677159" title="Joseph C. Wright">
Joseph C. Wright

Joseph C. Wright (August 19, 1892 – February 24, 1985) was an American art director. He won two Academy Awards and was nominated for ten more in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 86 films between 1923 and 1969.
He was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in Oceanside, California.
Academy Awards.
Wright won two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated a further ten times:

</doc>
<doc id="20677163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677163" title="Pakistanis in Singapore">
Pakistanis in Singapore

The majority of Pakistanis in Singapore enter the country as university students. More than 100 Pakistani students study in the National University of Singapore alone. In 2009, 22300 Pakistanis visited Singapore for tourism. Pakistanis living in Johor Bahru also use Singapore for their transit route for international travel, because of cheaper travel cost and shorter travel time duration travelling from the Singapore Changi Airport, as opposed to the nearest major Malaysian international airport in Kuala Lumpur, the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
Many protective laws exist in Singapore.
Culture.
Pakistanis in Singapore generally come from a middle-class background, with the majority working in engineering and business fields. Most Pakistani groceries, foodstuff, and restaurants can be found in Little India.
Pakistanis in Singapore speak the Singaporean Malay language, in addition to English and Urdu.
There is also a Singapore Urdu Development Centre offering classes in Urdu language to the children of Pakistanis, whereas Singapore Pakistani Association promotes Pakistani culture in Singapore in collaboration with the Pakistan high commission in Singapore. Singapore has also named one of its roads after Pakistan, the Pakistan Road in Sembawang.
Religion.
Pakistanis in Singapore follow similar religious affiliations as the people of Pakistan. Two of the masjid in Singapore controlled by MUIS have been named after Islamic personalities also revered by Muslims in Pakistan, namely Masjid Moulana Muhammad Ali, named after Maulana Mohammad Ali Johar the famous Sub-continent leader and prominent figure of Khilafat Movement, and Masjid Abdul Aleem Siddique, named after Maulana Abdul Aleem Siddiqi, a prominent Barelvi scholar of sub-continent. The Tableeghi Jamaat have weekly gathering at the Angolia Masjid, while the Pakistani Bohra visit the Anjumane Burhani Singapore Jamaat. However, the majority of Pakistani Sunnis frequent whichever masjid is close to their locality.
Ustaz Mohammed Iqbal Abdullah, a renowned Islamic scholar from Singapore, is a graduate of International Islamic University Islamabad, and is currently the director of Azizah Chishty Quranic Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20677176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677176" title="Greene Street Historic District (Cumberland, Maryland)">
Greene Street Historic District (Cumberland, Maryland)

The Greene Street Historic District is a national historic district in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It is a linear historic district along both sides of Greene Street on the west side of Cumberland. It contains 45 buildings (44 are brick), 37 of which are residential and 8 of which exhibit commercial design characteristics. The earliest buildings in the district are built in the Federal style, followed by buildings erected in the Greek Revival, Italianate, Queen Anne, and Colonial Revival styles. The earliest of the district's resources was constructed about 1820, with the most recent built about 1930.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20677189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677189" title="William Meyers">
William Meyers

William Meyers (born 23 July 1943) is a former boxer from South Africa, bronze medalist at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="20677212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677212" title="You Shouldn't Kiss Me Like This">
You Shouldn't Kiss Me Like This

"You Shouldn't Kiss Me Like This" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith. It is the ninth track on his 1999 album "How Do You Like Me Now?!" and was released as the fourth and final single from the album in October 2000. The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It also peaked at number 32 on Billboard Hot 100.
Music video.
Directed by Michael Salomon, the music video introduces a young man speaking with a beautiful and wealthy older woman (Tané McClure) as he helps others clean up after a party. An obvious friendship is shown from her thankfulness for his aid. In the same respect, he kisses her on the cheek, uncertain of any other way to thank her for all she has done for his family.
The unexpected kiss leads to a chain of events from dancing, to mutual sadness as the late night ends knowing he must leave for college the next morning, to his unexpected return which brings out passion between them.
In stark contrast to the emotions of the lyrics, a surprise ending reveals that the entire video was a daydream. It is brought to an abrupt halt as she shoves a bag full of garbage in his arms to throw away as he leaves and gives him a tactless tug and pat on his cheek wishing him luck.
Chart performance.
"You Shouldn't Kiss Me Like This" debuted at number 62 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of October 28, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20677218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677218" title="Washington Street Historic District (Cumberland, Maryland)">
Washington Street Historic District (Cumberland, Maryland)

The Washington Street Historic District is a national historic district in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It is an approximately residential area to the west of downtown Cumberland and consists primarily of six blocks of Washington Street. It contains large-scale 19th- and 20th-century houses representing most of the major architectural styles, including examples of Greek Revival, Italianate, Gothic, Queen Anne, Romanesque, Colonial Revival, and bungalow. Also included in the district are the 1890s Romanesque courthouse, the 1850s Greek Revival academy building, and the Algonquin Hotel.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20677232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677232" title="Leonard Leisching">
Leonard Leisching

Leonard Leisching (born 11 September 1934) is a former boxer from South Africa, bronze medalist at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki and gold medalist at the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Vancouver. Leisching was also an accomplished footballer, appearing as a full-back for Johannesburg Rangers, Wigan Athletic, Llandudno and Southern Suburbs.

</doc>
<doc id="20677246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677246" title="I'm Just Talkin' About Tonight">
I'm Just Talkin' About Tonight

"I'm Just Talkin' About Tonight" is a song co-written and performed by American country music artist Toby Keith. It was released in May 2001 as the first single from Keith's "Pull My Chain" album. The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It became number one on the Country Music charts on September 15, 2001. Keith wrote the song with Scotty Emerick.
Content.
Keith wrote about the inspiration for the song on his website. "I used to make my living in clubs, so I had ample opportunity to watch a lot of 'tomcats' hit on the ladies. The woman in this song says, "Well, I don't like bars and I don't usually do this." It's not saying go and get into bed; it's saying skip the B.S. and all the other chapters and the heck with why we're here; let's have an understanding - this is about right this minute. We're lonely; let's talk. It may not be politically correct, but it's honest, so in that regard, it's very representative of who I am. It's also very influenced by Guy Clark and Jerry Jeff Walker and that whole Texas sound. It's not Nashville or Dixie but Austin, straight out of the taproot of that tree."
Critical reception.
Ray Waddell, of "Billboard" magazine in his review of the album, called the song "a new honky-tonk standard."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Michael Salomon and shows Toby in "The Airport Hotel" ballroom singing while other people are trying to hook up. It was released after its chart run in October 2001.
Pro Football Hall of Famer Terry Bradshaw makes a cameo.
Chart performance.
"I'm Just Talkin' About Tonight" debuted at number 41 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 26, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20677253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677253" title="Cosalt">
Cosalt

Cosalt plc is a diversified marine safety and leisure company, based in Grimsby, Lincolnshire. It is a constituent of the FTSE Fledgling Index.
The name "Cosalt" was a portmanteau of the company's original title The Great Grimsby "Coal, Salt" and Tanning Company. Formed in 1873 as a co-operative of fishing vessel owners, it was a communal best-value support services company involved in servicing and supplying a variety of products and services for fleets, fishing, and other vessels, providing:
The communal model grew around a number of other fishing and later UK marine ports, before the company was bought out by the son of one of the original founders, businessman (John) Carl Ross of the Ross Group. The company floated in 1971, and was chaired by his son; and then grandson David Ross, co-founder of the Carphone Warehouse. The original businesses has now developed into marine and industrial safety centre, and diversified into other markets, including: Workwear and Corporatewear.
Leisure.
Through its association with Grimsby, Cosalt was a major player in the UK caravan market. It created the Piper brand, and after the failure of Sam Alper's Caravans International bought its brands, including: ACE, Abbey, Bessacarr, Sprite; and later the independent Cotswold brand. However, in the 1990s they began concentrating on static caravans, and sold off many of the touring caravan brand to the rival Swift Leisure. In the mid-2000s and looking to sell the Leisure business, the division was eventually sold to Leeds based turnaround specialists Endless Fund, but collapsed into administration 12months later. After losing 240 jobs and one factory, it was bought by a management team and renamed Cosalt Custom Homes, preserving 20jobs.
Expansion & decline, 2007 to 2011.
Cosalt has had a turbulent recent history. This section will commence with the optimism of the growth strategy in the half yearly report in 2007, leading to the purchase of GTC later that year and covers the period up to the eventual sale of Cosalt Marine to Survitec in August 2011 shortly followed by the decline to penny share status. As of 7 December 2011, the company is near bankruptcy after taking on too much debt. Its share price in May 2007 reached 474p. At 7 December 2011 it is trading at 0.25p, a drop of 99.95%. David Ross, who has served on the board throughout and as Chairman since June 2008, is attempting to take over the company for £400,000. The deal is by no means assured because other shareholders think he is partly to blame for the collapse in value.
A recent history, 2011 to present day.
This section commences with the sale of Cosalt Marine to Survitec in August 2011. This was followed shortly afterwards by a bid by Chairman David Ross to buy and delist the company, so far resisted by shareholders. At the time of writing Mr Ross holds 56% of the company shares which have been suspended from trading since the company failed to produce its Annual Results and Report for year end 31 December 2011 by the end of April 2012. Cosalt eventually went into administration on February 15th 2013, with a secured bank debt of £11.4M and pension deficit of almost £52M. Of the 3 operating divisions, Cosalt Wind Energy ceased trading and was liquidated, Cosalt Offshore was sold as a going concern to rival group ATR backed by NBGI Private Equity, and Cosalt Workwear sold as a going concern to Cosalt Chairman David Ross.
17 August 2011 RNS: 5591M
OFT Decision confirming approval for sale of Marine business to Survitec. Share price rose from 2.25p to 3p.
1 September 2011 RNS: 4117N
Half Yearly Report - Interim Results. 
David Ross, Chairman, commented: "The sale of the Marine division has enabled us to stabilise the business, reduce borrowings and re-focus the business on providing services to offshore industries. Trading has been challenging but the disposal of the Marine division will enable us to make a fresh start. To that end, we have today announced the appointment of a new senior management team, who come with extensive financial and commercial experience and I look forward to working together with them to grow the business." 
CEO announced agreement to step down and leave the company on 26 October 2011. New CEO appointed to start on 27 October. Also announced new CFO. Share price stable at 2.9p
17 October 2011 RNS: 3190Q
Hanover 1 Master Fund had sold all their 24.4M shares on 14 October. Share price fell to 1.75p
19 October 2011 RNS: 4436Q
Trading Statement. Stating that 6 weeks after the Half Year Report trading was now below expectations, and money was tight due to the OFT delays to the Marine sale. No financial details provided. Stated that banking covenants had been tested as OK on 30 September. Share price fell to 0.7p
17 November 2011 RNS: 2721S
Possible Offer of 0.1p and Interim Management Statement for 1 July to 16 November. No financial details provided. Mr Ross proposes to potentially offer 0.1p per share. The "Independent" Directors were to discuss it. Company debt has risen to £12.3M from £7M in September and statement that the debt may exceed the allowed £14.9M before the year end. Included is a statement that external market conditions are improving. Share price fell to 0.4p
23 November 2011 RNS: 5930S
Funding Update. Stating that Cosalt only have £900K of bank facilities left, which will only last until 30 November. No further financial details provided, a further update will be given as appropriate.
23 November 2011 RNS: 6434S
"A further update will be provided tomorrow." Share price fell to 0.25p
25 November 2011 RNS: 7733S
Recommended Cash Offer of 0.1p agreed between the "Independent" Directors and the Board of Oval (Mr Ross). States that debt is now £14M (up from £12.2M 8 days earlier). Proposal to de-list company. Share price fell to 0.18p
30 November 2011 RNS: 1000T
Funding update, agreed until 20 December. Share price holding at 0.16p
7 December 2011 RNS: 4880T
Funding update and offer. Oval (Ross) are providing £5M working capital, until 22 December. Share price risen to 0.23p
12 December 2011 RNS: 7440T
Letter from David Ross attempting to persuade shareholders to sell their shares to him for 0.1p "If my offer is not accepted by shareholders, then unless any other offers of finance are provided to the Company in the meantime, I do not believe the Company has the ability to continue as a going concern.". Share price fell to 0.17p
16 December 2011 RNS: 1324U
Revised offer, 0.2p per share and announcement that a single shareholder (Progressive AIM) had sold 40.9M shares to Oval. Share price 0.2p
19 December 2011 RNS: 2308U
Sovereign holdings sell all 74.2M of their shares for 0.2p to Mr Ross. Ross (Oval) now hold 43.53% of the shares. Share price 0.22p
22 December 2011 RNS: 5435U
Posting of the revised offer with letters of recommendation and notice that Oval now have undertakings for 49.32% of the shares. Share price 0.23p
10 January 2012 RNS: 2582V
Offer declared wholly unconditional as Ross (Oval) now have 53.7% of the shares, Independent directors resigned. Share price 0.27p
11 January 2012 RNS: 3441V
Funding update and directorate change. The previous £5M capital announced on 7 December and re-announced on 22 December is now available until at least 30 June 2012. The board now comprises David Ross, Non-executive Chairman and Trevor Sands, Chief Executive Officer. Share price 0.23p
1 February 2012 RNS: 5480W
Closure of Offer for Cosalt. States total Oval (Ross) shares now 56.01%. Share price 0.4p
8 February 2012 RNS: 0676X
Statement re price rise. Share price 1.42p
9 February 2012 RNS: 1464X
Proposed cancellation of listing and notice of General Meeting on 27 February. Share price 0.9p
27 February 2012 RNS: 1795Y
Result of General Meeting, "shareholders voted against both resolutions as set out in the notice of general meeting of the Company dated 9 February 2012 (the "Resolutions"), as a consequence Cosalt will continue as a publicly listed company." Share price 1.3p
12 April 2012 RNS: 2465B
Funding update. Additional revolving credit facility from Oval of £1M repayable by 30 April. Share price 0.97p
1 May 2012 RNS: 4409C/4214C
Shares suspended from listing by FSA (DTR 4.1.3) pending publication of Annual Results for year end 2011. Revolving credit facility extended to 31 May. Share price 0.83p when suspended.
16 May 2012 RNS: 4205D
Interim management statement. Group sales in line with the budget but pressure on margin and cashflow. Costbase and level of indebtedness are not sustainable over the longer term in the absence of a new financing solution. Shares remain suspended.
1 June 2012 RNS: 5838E
Funding update. Revolving credit facility extended to 30 June. Shares remain suspended.
6 June 2012 RNS: 8362E
AGM called for 28 June. The 5 Resolutions for the AGM are as follows:
Also to consider what steps to be taken pursuant to Section 656, Companies Act 2006.
Shares remain suspended.
28 June 2012 RNS: 3709G
AGM result. all motions passed, no action to be taken re Section 656. Shares remain suspended.
4 July 2012 RNS: 8482G
Funding update - Credit facilities of £6M previously advanced by Oval extended to 31 December. Shares remain suspended.
31 August 2012 RNS: 2309L
Statement "the Company will also not be in a position to publish the Half Yearly Financial Report, required under DTR 4.2.2". Shares remain suspended.
27 September 2012 RNS: 2556N
Update on Melville Court case. Settlement reached, heads of terms signed, implementation and announcement of terms 2 October 2012. Victory for Cosalt. Shares remain suspended.
2 October 2012 RNS: 6996N
Further update on Melville Court case. Agreement in principle, extension to enable legal documents to be finalised. The Melvilles will pay £1M up front, £1M over 18 months. No liability admitted. Shares remain suspended.
11 October 2012 RNS: 4284O
The Company announces that it has agreed a full and final settlement for £2 million of all the cases presently brought by the Company against Calum Melville and Stuart Melville and companies associated with them. Shares remain suspended.
28 November 2012 RNS: 2197S
Interim management statement. Cosalt is in continuing discussions with David Ross, the Group's pension trustees and its banks to secure a long term financing solution, outcome remains uncertain and accounts can't be published. Shareholders rebel. Shares remain suspended.
11 December 2012 RNS: 1986T
Disposal of Investment Property for £350k, on the books at £1M
31 December 2012 RNS: 5070U
Financial update. Debt £17M, pension deficit "increased materially" from £9M, loan facilities expiring with no new agreement.
10 January 2013 RNS: 2216V
Announcement, speculation about sale of operating divisions confirmed.
7 February 2013 RNS: 4296X
Cosalt Wind Energy to cease trading.
15 February 2013 RNS: 0007Y
Proposed administration.
18 February 2013 RNS: 1254Y
Appointment of PwC as administrators
19 February 2013 RNS: 1343Y
Cancellation of stockmarket listing. There will be no more RNSs. PwC announcements here.

</doc>
<doc id="20677255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677255" title="KieranTimberlake">
KieranTimberlake

KieranTimberlake is an American architecture firm founded by Stephen Kieran and James Timberlake in Philadelphia. The firm espouses a philosophy of sustainable design, collaborative design, and in-depth research. They have also shown an interest in prefabrication, new technologies and integrating architecture with the actual activities to take place in the buildings they design, especially using "teaching" design elements in schools. Their interest in productions and craft led them to team up with DuPont to develop Smartwrap, a laminated polymer film that can support thin interstitial films, including photovoltaics, OLEDs, polarizing or UV screens, etc.
History.
James Timberlake and Stephen Kieran met at the University of Pennsylvania School of Architecture, joining Venturi, Scott Brown, and Associates, before receiving Rome Prizes separately and finally founding their practice in 1984. The firm maintained itself as a noted sustainable design firm for many years, building a reputation for attention to detail and consistency. The partners were awarded the inaugural Latrobe Fellowship from the American Institute of Architects in 2001.
KieranTimberlake received more attention after the publication of "Refabricating Architecture", a book that explains and argues for the prefabrication of buildings using Building Information Modeling and close coordination of architects and contractors. Timberlake and Kieran argue that offsite production of buildings would be less expensive, more sustainable, and offer tolerances and techniques not possible in on-site construction. They also insist that mass-customization, as they call it, is the proper extension of the ideas expressed by Le Corbusier and other early modernists, who sought to develop inexpensive and easily built housing. Consequently, the book emulates the format and style of "Toward an Architecture".

</doc>
<doc id="20677261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677261" title="Lonaconing Historic District">
Lonaconing Historic District

The Lonaconing Historic District is a national historic district in Lonaconing, Allegany County, Maryland. It comprises 278 buildings and structures consisting of a variety of 19th and early-20th century commercial, industrial, and residential buildings. These structures identify with the development of Lonaconing as a center of the iron, coal, and silk industries in the George's Creek Valley of Western Maryland. It includes a group of 40 late-19th and early-20th century brick or frame commercial structures, including a hotel, bank, three dry goods stores, and numerous other shops and warehouses, mostly constructed after a fire which devastated downtown in 1881.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20677277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677277" title="Hardness of approximation">
Hardness of approximation

In computer science, hardness of approximation is a field that studies the algorithmic complexity of finding near-optimal solutions to optimization problems. It complements the study of approximation algorithms by proving, for certain problems, a limit on the factors with which their solution can be efficiently approximated. Typically such limits show a factor of approximation beyond which a problem becomes NP-hard, implying that finding a polynomial time approximation for the problem is impossible unless NP=P. Some hardness of approximation results, however, are based on other hypotheses, a notable one among which is the unique games conjecture.
Since the early 1970s it was known that many optimization problems could not be solved in polynomial time unless NP=P, but in many of these problems the optimal solution could be efficiently approximated to a certain degree. In the early 1990s, with the development of PCP theory, it became clear that there is a limit to the approximability of many of these optimization problems: for many optimization problems there is a threshold beyond which they are NP-hard to approximate. Hardness of approximation theory deals with studying the approximation threshold of such problems.
Examples.
For an example of an NP-hard optimization problem that is hard to approximate, see set cover.

</doc>
<doc id="20677280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677280" title="Mark-Lee Kirk">
Mark-Lee Kirk

Mark-Lee Kirk (1899 – 1971) was an American art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 52 films between 1936 and 1959.
Selected filmography.
Kirk was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20677293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677293" title="Castel Rigone">
Castel Rigone

Castel Rigone is a "frazione" of the "comune" (municipality) of Passignano sul Trasimeno, Umbria, central Italy.
As of 2001, it had 406 inhabitants, and is located 12 km from Passignano. According to tradition, the name derives from that of an Ostrogoth commander, Rigo, who in 543 had set here a base for the siege of Perugia during the Gothic Wars. 
The village has a late 15th-century church ("Madonna del Miracoli"), built by a pupil of Bramante.

</doc>
