<doc id="20648054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648054" title="Ned (Scottish)">
Ned (Scottish)

Ned is a derogatory term applied in Scotland to hooligans, louts or petty criminals, latterly with the stereotypical implication that they wear casual sports clothes. Such usage in Glasgow dates back to the 1960s or earlier.
Early use of term.
The "Oxford English Dictionary" dates the term to the early 19th century. Former Chief Constable of Glasgow Sir Percy Sillitoe noted use of the word by gangs and police in the 1930s. Leader columns of newspapers in the 1960s featured the term in relation to teenage gang violence. In a 1962 book the crime writer and broadcaster Bill Knox referred to stolen cars turning up after having been taken "by a bunch of neds who want transport for some house-breaking job". He publicised the term more widely in his 1970s police report series "Crimedesk", made and broadcast by STV. In his 1975 novel "Rally to Kill", Knox described "neds" as Glasgow's "tag for small-time hoodlums", saying that "neds" and their families from the Gorbals had been rehoused elsewhere in the city, "taking their violence with them to the new areas". A 1982 analysis of crime fiction notes Knox's 1977 novel "Pilot Error" describing Strathclyde Police as being unconcerned about "neds" getting hurt in a fight as long as no-one else is affected, and translates the term as "Glasgow slang for hoods".
In his 2002 autobiography "Granny Made me an Anarchist", the Glaswegian writer Stuart Christie described the Glasgow 'Neds' as preceding the Teddy Boys of 1955, as a hangover from the poverty of the 1930s. These "Neds" had long hair parted in the middle and smoothed down with liquid paraffin, commonly with a "dowt" tucked behind their ear as a fire hazard which in urban legend had resulted in one "Ned" getting severe burns. He describes them as slouching along with their elbows projecting aggressively, wearing a white silk scarf tucked into their tightly buttoned jacket and carrying a cut-throat razor in its breast pocket. Over this, on outings for a fight or a dance, they allegedly wore an old tweed overcoat with weapons such as hatchets or hammers concealed in the lining. According to Christie, the "Teds" who followed them also had a reputation for wild behaviour, but were too concerned about their clothes to engage in aggression.
Ned culture.
Neds and "ned culture" are associated with violence, particularly in poorer housing schemes constructed on the periphery of towns or cities in the post-war era. These lack the social facilities of city centres where former working-class areas have been redeveloped, and gangs of bored youths hang around isolated areas drinking and taking drugs. They are likely to carry knives as part of a culture of violence leading to Scotland having a higher murder rate than England, though gun crime is rare and the murder rate is significantly lower than that in the United States. Common slang terms are to "chib", stab with a knife or sharp weapon, and "a square go" meaning a fair fight between two individuals.
One folk etymology for Ned is that it stands for "Non-Educated Delinquent," a backronym which arose long after the word "ned" came into use. In 2003, the Scottish Socialist Party MSP Rosie Kane tabled a question to the Scottish Parliament condemning use of the word "ned", which she said was degrading and insulting to young people as it stood for non-educated delinquent.
A 2011 study using ethnography as a methodology of linguistic research found working-class adolescent males in a high school in the south side of Glasgow deploying a number of distinct social identities: as well as those identified as "neds" by themselves and others, pupils were grouped as "alternatives" (sometimes called "Goths" or "Moshers") who enjoyed rock music and wore black clothes, "sports" who enjoyed football and rugby and wore trainers and sports clothing, and "schoolies" who generally did not play sports but played musical instruments. Unlike other groups, the "neds" socialised in the street rather than being engaged in the school culture. Each group had a characteristic way of speaking, and used this to create social identity. Those in the "ned" category, for example, lowered tones in words such as "cat", and extended the vowels. This in itself was insufficient to identify someone as being a "ned", consideration of clothing and social activities was also needed. Both the "neds" and the "sports" had an attitude of enjoying engaging in physical violence, while the "schoolies" avoided violence, but antisocial behaviour was often only carried out by a small minority of adolescents, and many in the study distanced themselves from the stereotypes. The "ned" group were just as concerned about violence and crime as the others.
Since its formation and more prominently since the millennium, the T in the Park festival has become one of the main attractions for neds across Scotland, and their chav counterparts south of the border. A journalist in "The Scotsman" declared T in the Park as Scotland's "premier gathering of neds". Journalists, revellers and musicians all have observed the presence of neds and anti-social behaviour at T in the Park. 
In 2007, it was reported that in Glasgow the term Tea Boy had become an increasingly popular alternative to "ned". "Tea mobile" (a play on mobile phone corporation T-Mobile), a reference to a ned's automobile, had also spun off from this term.
In Dundee the Roma word "gadgie" (a non-Roma man) has been used historically; however, "Ned" has been introduced by popular culture. In all other parts of Scotland and parts of north east England (particularly Newcastle upon Tyne) "gadgie" retains its Roma meaning.
British psychologist Adrian Raine has expressed contempt for what he feels is the glorification of ned culture in the Scottish media. He has also opined that ned culture is closely correlated with psychopathy.
By 2006 the term chav from the South of England was used across the United Kingdom, with ned often seen as the synonymous Scottish term. Other local terms are "schemies" in Edinburgh and "scallies" in Liverpool.
In popular culture.
Neds became a staple of Scottish comedy, and neddish characters feature in sketch shows such as "Chewin' the Fat", "Still Game", "Limmy's Show" and "Burnistoun".
"Neds" is a 2010 film by director Peter Mullan which won best film at the San Sebastian Film Festival in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20648077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648077" title="Singl ploče (1974–1975)">
Singl ploče (1974–1975)

Singl ploče (1974–1975) (trans. "7" Singles (1974-1975)") is a compilation album by Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme, released in 1982.
Background.
In early 1982, Bijelo Dugme performed in Innsbruck, Austria, at a manifestation conceptualized as a symbolic passing of the torch whereby the Winter Olympic Games last host city (Innsbruck) makes a handover to the next one (Sarajevo). On their return to Yugoslavia, the band's equipment was seized by the customs, as it was discovered that they had put new equipment into old boxes. The band's record label, Jugoton decided to lend 150,000,000 Yugoslav dinars to Bijelo Dugme, in order to pay the penalty. In order to regain part of the money as soon as possible, Jugoton decided to release two compilation albums, "Singl ploče (1974-1975)" and "Singl ploče (1976-1980)".
External links.
"Singl ploče (1974–1975)" at Discogs

</doc>
<doc id="20648078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648078" title="Saath Saath">
Saath Saath

Saath Saath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648089" title="Digital Millennium Copyright Act">
Digital Millennium Copyright Act

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a United States copyright law that implements two 1996 treaties of the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO). It criminalizes production and dissemination of technology, devices, or services intended to circumvent measures (commonly known as digital rights management or DRM) that control access to copyrighted works. It also criminalizes the act of circumventing an access control, whether or not there is actual infringement of copyright itself. In addition, the DMCA heightens the penalties for copyright infringement on the Internet. Passed on October 12, 1998, by a unanimous vote in the United States Senate and signed into law by President Bill Clinton on October 28, 1998, the DMCA amended Title 17 of the United States Code to extend the reach of copyright, while limiting the liability of the providers of on-line services for copyright infringement by their users.
The DMCA's principal innovation in the field of copyright is the exemption from direct and indirect liability of internet service providers and other intermediaries. This exemption was adopted by the European Union in the Electronic Commerce Directive 2000. The Copyright Directive 2001 implemented the 1996 WIPO Copyright Treaty in the EU.
Provisions.
Title I: WIPO Copyright and Performances and Phonograms Treaties Implementation Act.
DMCA Title I, the WIPO Copyright and Performances and Phonograms Treaties Implementation Act, amends U.S. copyright law to comply with the WIPO Copyright Treaty and the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty, adopted at the WIPO Diplomatic Conference in December 1996. The treaties have two major portions. One portion includes works covered by several treaties in U.S. copy prevention laws and gave the title its name. For further analysis of this portion of the Act and of cases under it, see WIPO Copyright and Performances and Phonograms Treaties Implementation Act.
The second portion (17 U.S.C. 1201) is often known as the DMCA anti-circumvention provisions. These provisions changed the remedies for the circumvention of copy-prevention systems (also called "technical protection measures") and required that all analog video recorders have support for a specific form of copy prevention created by Macrovision (now Rovi Corporation) built in, giving Macrovision an effective monopoly on the analog video-recording copy-prevention market. The section contains a number of specific limitations and exemptions, for such things as government research and reverse engineering in specified situations. Although, section 1201(c) of the title stated that the section does not change the underlying substantive copyright infringement rights, remedies, or defenses, it did not make those defenses available in circumvention actions. The section does not include a fair use exemption from criminality nor a scienter requirement, so criminal liability could attached even unintended circumvention for legitimate purposes. The Unlocking Technology Act of 2013 was introduced to attempt to fix these oversights, which include prohibitions on unlocking one's own cell phone. However, no action was taken by Congress as of the end of 2013.
Title II: Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act.
DMCA Title II, the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act ("OCILLA"), creates a safe harbor for online service providers (OSPs, including ISPs) against copyright infringement liability, provided they meet specific requirements. OSPs must adhere to and qualify for certain prescribed safe harbor guidelines and promptly block access to alleged infringing material (or remove such material from their systems) when they receive notification of an infringement claim from a copyright holder or the copyright holder's agent. OCILLA also includes a counternotification provision that offers OSPs a safe harbor from liability to their users when users claim that the material in question is not, in fact, infringing. OCILLA also facilitates issuing of subpoenas against OSPs to provide their users' identity.
Title III: Computer Maintenance Competition Assurance Act.
DMCA Title III modified section 117 of the copyright title so that those repairing computers could make certain temporary, limited copies while working on a computer. It reversed the precedent set in "MAI Systems Corp. v. Peak Computer, Inc.", 991 F.2d 511 (9th Cir. 1993).
Title IV: Miscellaneous Provisions.
DMCA Title IV contains an assortment of provisions:
Title V: Vessel Hull Design Protection Act.
DMCA Title V added sections 1301 through 1332 to add a "sui generis" protection for boat hull designs. Boat hull designs were not considered covered under copyright law because they are useful articles whose form cannot be cleanly separated from their function.
Anti-circumvention exemptions.
In addition to the safe harbors and exemptions the statute explicitly provides, 17 U.S.C. 1201(a)(1) requires that the Librarian of Congress issue exemptions from the prohibition against circumvention of access-control technology. Exemptions are granted when it is shown that access-control technology has had a substantial adverse effect on the ability of people to make non-infringing uses of copyrighted works.
The exemption rules are revised every three years. Exemption proposals are submitted by the public to the Registrar of Copyrights, and after a process of hearings and public comments, the final rule is recommended by the Registrar and issued by the Librarian. Exemptions expire after three years and must be resubmitted for the next rulemaking cycle. Consequently, the exemptions issued in the prior rulemakings, in 2000, 2003 and 2006, and 2010 are no longer valid.
Previous exemptions.
The Copyright Office approved two exemptions in 2000; four in 2003; six in 2006 and 2010.
In 2000, the first rulemaking, the Office exempted (a) "Compilations consisting of lists of websites blocked by filtering software applications" (renewed in 2003 but not renewed in 2006); and (b) "Literary works, including computer programs and databases, protected by access control mechanisms that fail to permit access because of malfunction, damage, or obsoleteness." (revised and limited in 2003 and again in 2006). In 2003, the 2000 "literary works including computer programs" exemption was limited to "Computer programs protected by dongles that prevent access due to malfunction or damage and which are obsolete" and this exemption was renewed in both 2006 and 2010. The 2003 exemption for text readers of ebooks was renewed in both 2006 and 2010. The 2003 exemption for obsolete software and video game formats was renewed in 2006 and in 2010. The 2000 filtering exemption was revised and renewed in 2003, but was not renewed in 2006. The 2006 exemption for sound recordings allowed after security flaws were found in a copy protection system on some Sony CDs was not renewed in 2010. An exemption covering the audiovisual works included in the educational library of a college or university’s film or media studies department was not renewed in 2010. This exemption was replaced with an exemption on DVDs protected by the Content Scrambling System when circumvention is for the purpose of criticism or comment using short sections, for educational, documentary or non-profit use. The 2006 exemption for wireless handsets connecting to wireless networks was revised in 2010 to specify used handsets and require authorization from the wireless network operator. Another exemption for wireless handsets was introduced in 2010 specific to interoperability software on the phone itself.
The 2010 exemptions, issued in July 2010, are:
Linking to infringing content.
The law is currently unsettled with regard to websites that contain links to infringing material; however, there have been a few lower-court decisions which have ruled against linking in some narrowly prescribed circumstances. One is when the owner of a website has already been issued an injunction against posting infringing material on their website and then links to the same material in an attempt to circumvent the injunction. Another area involves linking to software or devices which are designed to circumvent (digital rights management) devices, or links from websites whose sole purpose is to circumvent copyright protection by linking to copyrighted material.
Notable court cases.
"Edelman v. N2H2".
In July 2002, American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit on the behalf of Benjamin Edelman, a computer researcher at Berkman Center for Internet and Society, seeking a declaratory judgment to affirm his first amendment rights when reverse engineering the censorware product of defendant N2H2 in case he intended to publish the finding. N2H2 filed a motion to dismiss, which the court granted.
"RealNetworks, Inc. v. DVD Copy Control Association, Inc.".
In August 2009, the DVD Copy Control Association won a lawsuit against RealNetworks for violating copyright law in selling its RealDVD software, allowing users to copy DVDs and store them on a harddrive. The DVD Copy Control Association claimed that Real violated the DMCA by circumventing anti-piracy measures ARccOS Protection and RipGuard, as well as breaking Real's licensing agreement with the MPAA's Content Scrambling System.
"Viacom Inc. v. YouTube, Google Inc.".
On March 13, 2007, Viacom filed a lawsuit against YouTube and its corporate parent Google for copyright infringement seeking more than $1 billion in damages. The complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.
Viacom claims the popular video-sharing site was engaging in "massive intentional copyright infringement" for making available a contended 160,000 unauthorized clips of Viacom's entertainment programming. Google relied on the 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act's "safe harbor" provision to shield them from liability.
On June 23, 2010, U.S. District Judge Louis Stanton granted summary judgment in favor of YouTube. The court held that YouTube is protected by the safe harbor of the DMCA. Viacom appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
On April 5, 2012, the federal Second Circuit Court of Appeals vacated Judge Louis Stanton's ruling, and instead ruled that Viacom had presented enough evidence against YouTube to warrant a trial, and the case should not have been thrown out in summary judgement. The court did uphold the ruling that YouTube could not be held liable based on "general knowledge" that users on its site were infringing copyright. The case will be sent back to the District Court in New York to be tried.
"IO Group, Inc. v. Veoh Networks, Inc.".
On June 23, 2006 IO Group, Inc. filed a complaint against Veoh Networks, Inc. in the U.S. District Court for California's Northern District.
IO Group alleged that Veoh was responsible for copyright infringement by allowing videos owned by IO Group to be accessed through Veoh's online service without permission over 40,000 times between the dates June 1 and June 22.
Veoh is a Flash video site relying on user contributed content. IO Group argued that since Veoh transcoded user uploaded videos to Flash format it became a direct infringer and the materials were under their direct control, thereby disqualifying them for DMCA safe harbor protection.
The ruling judge disagreed with the argument, stating that "Veoh has simply established a system whereby software automatically processes user-submitted content and recasts it in a format that is readily accessible to its users. Veoh preselects the software parameters for the process from a range of default values set by the thirdparty software... But Veoh does not itself actively participate or supervise the uploading of files. Nor does it preview or select the files before the upload is completed. Instead, video files are uploaded through an automated process which is initiated entirely at the volition of Veoh's users."
The Court has granted the Veoh's motion for summary judgment, on the basis of the DMCA, holding that the defendant's video-sharing web site complied and was entitled to the protection of the statute's "safe harbor" provision. Even though Veoh won the court case, it blamed the litigation as one of the causes of its preparing to file Chapter 7 bankruptcy and its subsequent sale to Qlipso.
Vernor v. Autodesk, Inc..
After numerous DMCA takedown notices in response to his eBay listings, Timothy S. Vernor sued Autodesk in August 2007 alleging that Autodesk abused the DMCA and disrupted his right to sell used software he bought at a garage sale. In May 2008, a federal district judge in Washington State dismissed Autodesk's argument that the software's license agreement preempted the seller from his rights under the first-sale doctrine. In September 2010, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed, holding that "a software user is a licensee rather than an owner of a copy where the copyright owner (1) specifies that the user is granted a license; (2) significantly restricts the user's ability to transfer the software; and (3) imposes notable use restrictions."
Lenz v. Universal Music Corp..
In 2007, Stephanie Lenz, a writer and editor from Gallitzin, Pennsylvania made a home video of her 13-month-old son dancing to "Let's Go Crazy" and posted a 29-second video on the video-sharing site YouTube. Four months after the video was originally uploaded, Universal Music Group, which owned the copyrights to the song, ordered YouTube to remove the video enforcing the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Lenz notified YouTube immediately that her video was within the scope of fair use, and demanded that it be restored. YouTube complied after six weeks—not two weeks, as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act—to see whether Universal planned to sue Lenz for infringement. Lenz then sued Universal Music in California for her legal costs, claiming the music company had acted in bad faith by ordering removal of a video that represented fair use of the song.
In August 2008, U.S. District Judge Jeremy Fogel of San Jose, California ruled that copyright holders cannot order a deletion of an online file without determining whether that posting reflected "fair use" of the copyrighted material.
On February 25, 2010, Judge Fogel issued a ruling rejecting several of Universal's affirmative defenses, including the defense that Lenz suffered no damages.
Flava Works Inc. v. Gunter.
In the case of Flava Works Inc. v. Gunter the court denied the defendant safe harbour protection under DMCA . The district court found that the defendant had knowledge of its users' infringing activity and also failed to prevent future infringing activity. As such the plaintiff's motion for preliminary injunction was granted. On appeal, however, the Seventh Circuit vacated the injunction, citing the standard set in eBay Inc. v. MercExchange, L.L.C., which states that courts should not rely on categorical rules as a standard for injunction.
Ouellette v. Viacom International Inc..
In this case of Ouellette v. Viacom International Inc., the court denied plaintiff's attempt to find liability for YouTube and Myspace's takedowns of the plaintiff's homemade videos. Despite potential fair use claims, the court found it impossible to use the DMCA takedown provisions as a foundation for liability. The court found that the safe harbor provision serves "to limit the liability of internet service providers, not to create liability that could not otherwise be imposed under existing law independent of the DMCA."
Sony v. George Hotz.
In January 2011, Sony Computer Entertainment sued George Hotz over violating the Section 1201 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act as well as the Federal Fraud and Abuse Act due to facilitating consumers to jailbreak their PlayStation 3 consoles. Hotz argued that because he had purchased the product, he had the right to do with it as he pleased. After three months, Sony and Hotz decided to settle out of court. This also included an injunction against George Hotz, barring him from hacking any more Sony products.
Criticisms.
Abuse of Takedown notice.
Google asserted misuse of the DMCA in a filing concerning New Zealand's copyright act, quoting results from a 2005 study by Californian academics Laura Quilter and Jennifer Urban based on data from the Chilling Effects clearinghouse. Takedown notices targeting a competing business made up over half (57%) of the notices Google has received, the company said, and more than one-third (37%), "were not valid copyright claims."
Effect on analog video equipment.
Analog Copy Protection (ACP), the encryption technology created by Rovi Corporation (formerly Macrovision), is designed to thwart users' attempts to reproduce content via analog cables. When a DVD is played through an analog video cable and recorded using a VCR, Rovi's ACP technology will distort the copy partially or completely.
The technology works by adding additional lines to the video signal. In the NTSC video standard, blank lines (vertical blanking intervals) that the user cannot see are used for functions like closed captioning. Rovi Corporation uses these blank lines to implement its ACP technology.
The implementation of ACP has been ill-regarded by some video enthusiasts. Many claim that the technology has led to signal issues with VCRs and analog video equipment. Some VCRs misread the encryption used to prevent copying, distorting the video image regardless of whether the recording is original or a copy.
The DMCA has been criticized for forcing all producers of analog video equipment to support the proprietary copy protection technology of Rovi Corporation, a commercial firm. The producers of video equipment are forced by law to support and implement the corporation's proprietary technology. This benefits Rovi Corporation financially, whereas those forced to implement it receive neither profit nor compensation.
Additionally, some criticize the implementation of ACP as a violation of their fair use rights. A recently developed TV-streaming product called the Slingbox uses analog signals to convey video from television to a mobile device. However, the encryption used by ACP blocks analog transmission, rendering the Slingbox unusable. Additionally ACP blocks the use of recording for educational purposes. On one or more accounts, students have not been able to cite and record cable sources properly due to ACP restrictions.
Effect on research.
The DMCA has had an impact on the worldwide cryptography research community, since an argument can be made that any cryptanalytic research violates, or might violate, the DMCA. The arrest of Russian programmer Dmitry Sklyarov in 2001, for alleged infringement of the DMCA, was a highly publicized example of the law's use to prevent or penalize development of anti-DRM measures. While working for ElcomSoft in Russia, he developed "The Advanced eBook Processor", a software application allowing users to strip usage restriction information from restricted e-books, an activity legal in both Russia and the United States. Paradoxically, under the DMCA, it is not legal in the United States to provide such a tool. Sklyarov was arrested in the United States after presenting a speech at DEF CON and subsequently spent nearly a month in jail. The DMCA has also been cited as chilling to legitimate users, such as students of cryptanalysis (including, in a well-known instance, Professor Edward Felten and students at Princeton), and security consultants such as Niels Ferguson, who has declined to publish information about vulnerabilities he discovered in an Intel secure-computing scheme because of his concern about being arrested under the DMCA when he travels to the U.S.
Effect on innovation and competition.
In at least one court case, the DMCA has been used by Open Source software projects to defend against conversion of software (i.e., license violations) that involved removal of copyright notices. This defense can be used even without timely copyright registration, and can generate attorney fee awards, which together make it a useful strategy for Open Source organizations.
Reform and opposition.
There have been several Congressional efforts to modify the Act. Rick Boucher, a Democratic congressman from Virginia, led one of these efforts by introducing the Digital Media Consumers' Rights Act (DMCRA).
A prominent bill related to the DMCA is the Consumer Broadband and Digital Television Promotion Act (CBDTPA), known in early drafts as the Security Systems and Standards Certification Act (SSSCA). This bill, if it had passed, would have dealt with the devices used to access digital content and would have been even more restrictive than the DMCA.
On the tenth anniversary of the DMCA, the Electronic Frontier Foundation documented harmful consequences of the anti-circumvention provisions. They document that the DMCA:

</doc>
<doc id="20648113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648113" title="Korail Class 311000">
Korail Class 311000

The Korail Class 311000 trains, formerly numbered as "Korail Class 5000" trains, are commuter electric multiple units in South Korea for use for Seoul Subway Line 1. Class 311000 trains entered service between 1996 and 2006, and again from 2012 to now. They were introduced in 1996 to expand service on the Gyeongbu Line, the Gyeongin Line, and for replacing older trains (1st and 2nd batch Class 1000 trains). There are based on the Class 2030 trains, which entered service four years before these trains.
Technical details.
Electrical parts.
Trainsets 311-01~311-34 and 311-36~311-59 use Toshiba GTO-based VVVF controls while trainsets 311-35 and 311-60~311-90 use IGBT controls. Trainsets equipped with GTO controls use active cooling, while trains equipped with IGBT controls use passive cooling with a heat pipe.
Power output was increased from the Class 1000 trains. There is also a reduction in the motor/trailer ratio. The trains are also equipped with regenerative braking, reducing energy consumption and simplifying train inspection.
Interior design.
Class 311000 trains used an ivory-colored interior with a long sheet prior to their refurbishment, and after refurbishment, this color was changed into a white interior. LED monitors are installed on the top of the car, and they feature a more powerful air conditioning system. The end cars have a space for wheelchairs.
Cabin.
Class 311000 trains share the same cabin design with the Class 341000 and 351000 trains, excluding ATC devices. Stop notifiers are installed. Trains equipped with TGIS use color displays, and service machines can be automatically controlled in TGIS after a refurbishment of these trains in 2005. Dead section notifiers are also installed. From 2006, door control systems were changed from mechanical to electrical types.
Fleet.
Seoul Subway Line 1.
3110XX - Tc(SIV, air compressor, battery)
3111XX - M(inverter)
3112XX - M'(pantograph, transformer, inverter)
3113XX - T(trailer)
3114XX - M'(pantograph, transformer, inverter)
3115XX - T1(SIV, air compressor, battery)
3116XX - T(trailer)
3117XX - M(inverter)
3118XX - M'(pantograph, transformer, inverter)
3119XX - Tc(SIV, air compressor, battery)
Depot.
The Class 311000 trains are stored at the Guro, Byeongjeom and Imun train depots. Minor inspections are done at their home depots, while major inspections are conducted at the Siheung depot, which is located after Oido Station on Line 4.
Generations & Batches.
1st generation.
The first generation of Class 311000 trains are nearly identical to the first generation Class 341000 and 351000 cars, on which they were based, and were built from 1996 to 1999. Initially this generation used old KNR livery, but after a 2005 refurbishment, the livery was changed into new Korail livery. The first generation trains are numbered 311-01~311-41.
1st batch.
Trainsets 311-01~311-27 are 1st batch trains and were built by Hyundai Precision & Industries. They were introduced from 1996 to 1997 and use Toshiba VVVF inverter traction systems. They were built to expand service. A former trainset numbered 5-19 was involved in an accident that led to 2 cars being scrapped and 8 being converted and rearranged into Class 319000 trainsets 319-06~319-07.
2nd batch.
Trainsets 311-28~311-41 are 2nd batch trains. They were built by Daewoo Heavy Industries and were introduced from 1998 to 1999. Starting from this batch, Class 311000 trains started to replace the 1st batch Class 1000 trains. This batch included cars with a space for wheelchairs. Trainset 311-37 has Comonet's train broadcasting system, and the trailer cars of trainsets 311-39 (one car only), 311-40 and 311-41 are former 2nd batch Class 1000 trailer cars.
2nd generation.
The second generation of Class 311000 trains are very identical to the second generation Class 341000 cars and in turn would become the design of the second generation Class 351000 cars. The front has changed in this generation, as well as the side windows, which is coated and all in a single piece. The new circular front view gave this generation of trains the nickname: "동글이" (roughly translated as "this will be round"). Some trains in this generation used old KNR livery, but after a 2005 refurbishment, the trains would sport the new Korail livery. The second generation trains are numbered 311-42~311-65.
3rd batch.
Trainsets 311-42~311-47 are 3rd batch trains. These trainsets were introduced following the Line 1 Gyeongbu Branch's extension from Suwon to Byeongjeom Station, and retired more 1st batch Class 1000 trains.
4th batch.
Trainsets 311-48~311-52 are 4th batch trains. Starting from this batch, some trainsets were delivered with the new Korail livery.
These trainsets retired more 1st batch Class 1000 trains. 
5th batch.
Trainsets 311-53~311-59 are 5th batch trains.
These trainsets retired 1st batch Class 1000 trainsets 1-26~1-28.
6th batch.
Trainsets 311-60~311-63 are 6th batch trains. Trainsets 311-60~311-63 were retrofitted from active cooling GTO thyristor systems with passive cooling IGBT systems.
7th batch.
Trainsets 311-64 & 311-65 are 7th batch trains. These trainsets were introduced following the Line 1 Gyeongbu Branch's extension from Byeongjeom to Cheonan Station.
These trainsets are the first to use fire-resistant interiors, LED destination signs, and LED train number indicators since they were delivered. Their bogies are a little bit smaller than previous batches.
3rd generation.
The third generation of the Class 311000 trains were delivered from 2005 to 2006, mostly due to extension of the 4-track Gyeongin Line, double-track electrification of the Jungang Line. The front has changed once again. Due to snake-like headlights, this generation is nicknamed "뱀눈이" (roughly translated as "snake eyes"). The interior was upgraded and the door controller was changed. The third generation trains are numbered from 311-66~311-94.
8th batch.
Trainsets 311-66~311-77 are 8th batch trains. These trainsets were originally meant to be built in the Uiwang factory, but the factory was later closed due to loss.
These trainsets retired 1st batch Class 1000 trainsets 1-36~1-40 and 1-88~1-94.
9th batch.
Trainsets 311-78~311-82 are 9th batch trains. These trainsets were introduced in 2006 following the Line 1 Gyeongwon Branch's extension from Ganeung to Soyosan Station, and the creation of the metro Jungang Line. The interior and ventilation source has changed slightly. These trainsets are capable of one-person operation. Car 311580 in trainset 311-80 was converted into a busniness transactions car.
There used to be more trainsets, and all were numbered 5-79~5-92. 5-79~5-80, and 5-86~5-92 were converted into Class 319000 trainsets 319-01~319-05 and Class 321000 trainsets 321-01~321-07 and parts of 321-15~321-18. Consequently, 5-81~5-85 were renumbered into 311-78~311-82, since they were not converted.
10th batch.
Trainsets 311-83~311-87 are 10th batch trains. These trains were introduced between June 2012 and August 2013. The front has somewhat changed, and several improvements were made to the interior. Trainsets 311-86~311-87 used four converted Class 321000 cars each, until those cars were re-converted back into Class 321000 cars. 
These trainsets replaced 2nd batch Class 1000 trainsets 1-42~1-45.
It is currently planned that trainsets 311-83~311-85 will be re-organized and re-deployed on the Jungang Line in 2014. 311-86~311-87 are currently in service for the Yongsan-Dongincheon Express line, and 311-88~311-89 are awaiting service in 2014.
11th batch.
Trainsets 311-88~311-89 will be 11th batch trains. These trainsets will be introduced in 2014. These trainsets will use LED headlights similar to those on trainsets 311-92~311-94.
These trainsets will replace 2nd batch Class 1000 trainsets 1-49~1-52, along with the 12th batch.
12th batch.
Trainsets 311-90~311-91 are 12th batch trains. These trains were converted from Class 361000 trainsets 361-14~361-15, which were deployed on the Jungang Line to make up for the shortened trainsets. These trains will be introduced in 2014 and redeployed on Line 1.
These trainsets will replace 2nd batch Class 1000 trainsets 1-49~1-52, along with the 11th batch.
13th batch.
Trainsets 311-92~311-94 are 13th batch trains. These trains were introduced between September and October 2013. These trains are the first to come with LED headlights.
These trainsets replaced 2nd batch Class 1000 trainsets 1-46~1-48.
Refurbishment.
Class 311000 trains started refurbishment in 2008 (though minor refurbishments were started in 2002). Major and minor refurbishments are listed below.
New livery.
Trains from the 1st to the 3rd batch, along with some 4th batch trains used old KNR green livery, and those from the 5th to the 7th batch used the current new blue and red livery. Trains using the old KNR green livery had their livery changed into the current blue and red livery in 2006. The new livery has a metaphor of Taegeuk, and was criticized as being too primitive-looking, and livery is applied only on front/door.
Non-flammable interiors.
After the 2003 Daegu subway fire, trains introduced after 2003 used non-flammable interiors. Previously introduced batches received interior refurbishments until 2005. During refurbishment, the front and side destination signs were changed from roll-film to LED.
Gangway refurbishment.
From August 2008 some trainsets received gangway refurbishments (similar refurbishments were also done in Class 341000 and 351000 trains). Automatic doors were installed; older doors were manually operated, and passengers had to open both doors on each side. After refurbishmen,t gangway doors could be automatically opened by the push of a button. Currently, 1st generation transets 311-01~311-38, 2nd generation trainsets 311-48~311-63, and all 3rd generation transets have received gangway refurbishments, and gradually the remaining trains will be refurbished and installed with automatic gangway doors.
Renumbering.
Starting from March 2011, Class 311000 trains were renumbered from the 5000-series to the 311000-series. Renumbering was finished in September 2011.
Conversions.
Many Class 5000 trains were not renumbered into the 311000-series and were instead converted into new trainsets. This includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20648116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648116" title="İrəvanlı">
İrəvanlı

İrəvanlı is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,603. The municipality consists of the villages of İrəvanlı, Qapanlı, and Hacallı. 

</doc>
<doc id="20648136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648136" title="Jim Eadie">
Jim Eadie

James "Jim" Eadie (born 4 February 1947 in Alexandria) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Career.
Eadie began his career at Rangers but never made a first team appearance for the club, moving to Dumbarton where he played a handful of matches before joining Kirkintilloch Rob Roy. It wasn't until he moved south to play in The Football League that he began to play regular football. He signed for Cardiff City in 1969, although he did not make his debut until the following year when he kept a clean sheet in a 2–0 win over Portsmouth in March 1970. The following season he managed to oust Frank Parsons as the number one goalkeeper as Cardiff just missed out on promotion.
However during the next season Eadie himself was ousted as first choice goalkeeper by Bill Irwin. After remaining as back-up for a short time, he spent time on loan at Chester City before joining Bristol Rovers. He kept clean sheets in his first five matches at the club and was instrumental in the club winning promotion the following year. Eadie went on to appear over 200 times, earning the nickname "the flying pig" from the clubs fans, before moving into non-league football to finish his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20648141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648141" title="Ələsgərli, Tartar">
Ələsgərli, Tartar

Ələsgərli is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,105.

</doc>
<doc id="20648143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648143" title="Cestoda">
Cestoda

Cestoda (Cestoidea) is the name given to a class of parasitic flatworms, of the phylum Platyhelminthes. Informally biologists refer to them as Cestodes. The most notorious species commonly are called tapeworms, for example "Taenia solium", the "pork tapeworm". Cestodes are all parasitic and their life histories vary, but typically they live in the digestive tracts of vertebrates as adults, and often in the bodies of other species of animals as juveniles. Over a thousand species have been described, and all vertebrate species may be parasitised by at least one species of tapeworm.
Humans are subject to parasitism by several species of tapeworms if they eat underprepared meat such as pork ("Taenia solium"), beef ("T. saginata"), and fish ("Diphyllobothrium" spp.), or if they live in, or eat food prepared in, conditions of poor hygiene ("Hymenolepis" spp. or "Echinococcus" species).
"T. saginata", the beef tapeworm, can grow up to 20 m (65 ft); the largest species, the whale tapeworm "Polygonoporus giganticus", can grow to over 30 m (100 ft). On the other hand, species using small vertebrates as hosts tend to be small. For example, vole and lemming tapeworms are only in length, and those parasitizing shrews only .
Tapeworm parasites of vertebrates have a long history: recognizable clusters of cestode eggs, one with a developing larva, have been discovered in fossil feces (coprolites) of a shark dating to the mid- to late Permian, some 270 mya.
Anatomy.
Scolex.
While the scolex is often the most distinctive part of an adult tapeworm, it is often unnoticed in a clinical setting as it is inside the patient. Thus, identifying eggs and proglottids in feces is important.
Body systems.
The main nerve centre of a cestode is a cerebral ganglion in its scolex. Motor and sensory innervation depends on the number and complexity of the scolex. Smaller nerves emanate from the ganglion to supply the general body muscular and sensory ending. The cirrus and vagina are innervated, and sensory endings around the genital pore are more plentiful than other areas. Sensory function includes both tactoreception (touch) and chemoreception (smell or taste). Some nerves are only temporary.
Proglottids.
The body is composed of successive segments (proglottids). The sum of the proglottids is called a strobila, which is thin, and resembles a strip of tape. From this is derived the common name "tapeworm". Like some other flatworms, cestodes use flame cells (protonephridia), located in the proglottids, for excretion. Mature proglottids are released from the tapeworm's posterior end and leave the host in feces.
Because each proglottid contains the male and female reproductive structures, they can reproduce independently. Some biologists have suggested that each should not be considered a single organism, and that the tapeworm is actually a colony of proglottids.
The layout of proglottids comes in two forms, craspedote, meaning proglottids are overlapped by the previous proglottid, and acraspedote which indicates a non-overlapping conjoined proglottid.
Cestodes are unable to synthesise lipids and are entirely dependent on their host, although lipids are not used as an energy reserve, but for reproduction. Once anchored to the host's intestinal wall, the tapeworm absorbs nutrients through its skin as the food being digested by the host flows past it and it begins to grow a long tail, with each segment containing an independent digestive system and reproductive tract. Older segments are pushed toward the tip of the tail as new segments are produced by the neckpiece. By the time a segment has reached the end of the tail, only the reproductive tract is left. It then drops off, carrying the tapeworm eggs to the next host, since, by that point, the proglottid is, in essence, a sac of eggs.
Reproduction and life cycle of the tapeworms.
True tapeworms are exclusively hermaphrodites; they have both male and female reproductive systems in their bodies. The reproductive system includes one or many testes, cirrus, vas deferens and seminal vesicle as male organs, and a single lobed or unlobed ovary with the connecting oviduct and uterus as female organs. There is a common external opening for both male and female reproductive systems, known as genital pore, which is situated at the surface opening of the cup-shaped atrium. Even though they are sexually hermaphroditic, self-fertilization is a rare phenomenon. In order to permit hybridization, cross-fertilization between two individuals is often practiced for reproduction. During copulation, the cirrus of one individual connects with that of the other through the genital pore, and then exchange their spermatozoa.
The life cycle of tapeworms is simple in the sense that there are no asexual phases as in other flatworms, but complicated in that at least one intermediate host is required as well as the definitive host. This life cycle pattern has been a crucial criterion for assessing evolution among Platyhelminthes. Many tapeworms have a two-phase life cycle with two types of host. The adult "Taenia saginata" lives in the gut of a primate such as a human, but more alarming are "Taenia solium", which can form cysts in the human brain. Proglottids leave the body through the anus and fall onto the ground, where they may be eaten with grass by animals such as cows. This is known as the intermediate host. The juvenile form migrates and establishes as a cyst in the intermediate host's body tissues such as muscles, rather than the gut. They cause more damage to this host than it does to its definitive host. The parasite completes its life cycle when the intermediate host passes on the parasite to the definitive host. This is usually done by the definitive host eating an infective intermediate host, such as possibly a human with a preference for raw meat—in whose gut the adult "Taenia" establishes itself.
Infection and treatment.
Symptoms vary widely, as do treatment options, and these issues are discussed in detail in the individual articles on each worm. Praziquantel is an effective treatment for tapeworm infection, and is preferred over the older niclosamide. Cestoda can also be treated with some kinds of antibiotics. While tapeworm infections in first world countries have been largely eradicated, some US dieters have risked intentional infection for the purpose of weight-loss.
Taxonomy.
The taxonomy of the Cestoda has been clarified with molecular data. The Gyrocotylidea is a sister group to all other Cestoda (Nephroposticophora): the Amphilinidea forms the sister group to the Eucestoda. The Caryophyllidea are the sister group to Spathebothriidea + remaining Eucestoda. The Haplobothriidea are the sister group to Diphyllobothriidae. The Diphyllidea and Trypanorhyncha may be sister groups but this is not definite.
At the more derived groups the taxonomy appears to be as follows
The Tetraphyllidea appear to be paraphyletic. The relations between Nippotaeniidea, Mesocestoididae, Tetrabothriidea and Cyclophyllidea require further clarification.
The taxonomy of the Eucestoda has been also clarified. The current taxonomy is
The Tetraphyllidea, Pseudophyllidea (because of the Diphyllobothriidae) and Cyclophyllidea (because of the Mesocestoididae) are paraphyletic.
The Taeniidae may be the most basal of the 12 orders of the Cyclophyllidea.
The Tetraphyllidea, Lecanicephalidea, Proteocephalidea, Nippotaeniidea, Tetrabothriidea and Cyclophyllidea are considered to be the 'higher' tapeworms.
There are 277 known species in the marine order Trypanorhyncha. It has five superfamilies - Tentacularioidea, Gymnorhynchoidea, Otobothrioidea, Eutetrarhynchidae and Lacistorhynchidae.
References.
Medline Plus - Taeniasis (tapeworm infection)

</doc>
<doc id="20648149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648149" title="Düyərli, Tartar">
Düyərli, Tartar

Düyərli is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 718.

</doc>
<doc id="20648151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648151" title="Avgust Pirjevec">
Avgust Pirjevec

Avgust Pirjevec (28 September 1887 – 9 December 1944) was a Slovene literary scholar, lexicographist and librarian.
Biography.
Pirjevec was born in a Slovene-speaking family in Gorizia, a town in the Austrian Littoral (now part of Italy). He studied Slavic philology at the University of Vienna. He graduated in 1913 with a thesis on Fran Levstik. During World War I he served in the Austro-Hungarian Army. After the demobilization in 1917, he taught Slovene and German language at a Slovene-language high school in Trieste. In 1920, he was fired by the new Italian authorities in the Julian March. In 1921, he moved to Ljubljana, in what was then the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, and became the chief librarian of the National Research Library. Between 1925 and 1927 he shortly worked at the Library of the National Museum.
In the 1920s and 1930s, Pirjevec published several treatises on Slovene literature in the 19th century, especially the Romantic circle of France Prešeren and Matija Čop. Together with Ivan Prijatelj and France Kidrič, Pirjevec was the main exponent of the positivist group of Slovenian literary historians of the interwar period. He was also important as a theoretician librarian: he published numerous articles and monographs on the function and organization of libraries and library systems in modern societies.
During the interwar period, Pirjevec maintained a position of a progressive and national liberal intellectual. He was critical of the dictatorship of King Alexander I of Yugoslavia and supported the idea of an autonomous United Slovenia within the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. During World War II, his son Dušan Pirjevec became an important resistance leader of the Yugoslav partisans in Slovenia; his daughter Ivica Pirjevec was active in the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People and was killed by the Nazis in 1944. Because of the anti-Fascist activities of his children, Pirjevec was arrested by the Nazi authorities of the Province of Ljubljana and sent to the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp in autumn 1943. He died there in December 1944.
After the war, a bust of Pirjevec was erected in the main entrance hall of the National and University Library of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20648152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648152" title="William Harker">
William Harker

William Harker (23 June 1819 – 18 September 1905) was a wool merchant, banker and Liberal politician who represented Ripon.
Harker was born at Pateley Bridge, near Harrogate, Yorkshire, the son of Robert and Nancy Harker. He made a fortune in the wool trade at Bradford, and became a director of the Bradford Banking Company which was later merged into Barclays Bank. In civic matters, he helped in the development of improved water supply and sewage disposal in Bradford.
Harker was elected MP for Ripon in 1885 but lost the seat in 1886.
Harker died in 1905, and in 1906 his daughter Gertrude had repaired the old Chapel of St Mary the Virgin, which had been deconsecrated and left as a ruin and established the Harker Memorial in Pateley Bridge Cemetery. Other family members named on the monument include his son, Robert who was killed in action in France in 1915 and a descendant Frederick, who was killed in action at sea in 1940.
The Harker memorial was in a neglected state in 2006, but it was discovered that there was a forgotten Harker Trust Fund which had been set up to maintain both the memorial and churchyard. Members of the National Federation of Cemetery Friends began to restore the monument.

</doc>
<doc id="20648155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648155" title="Bayandurlu">
Bayandurlu

Bayandurlu is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 428.

</doc>
<doc id="20648161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648161" title="Yenikənd, Tartar">
Yenikənd, Tartar

Yenikənd is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 422.

</doc>
<doc id="20648166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648166" title="Güləbatlı">
Güləbatlı

Güləbatlı (also, Qüləbatlı) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 371.

</doc>
<doc id="20648171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648171" title="Calera Capital">
Calera Capital

Calera Capital is a private equity firm focused on investments in middle-market companies. Founded in 1991, Calera Capital has $2.8 billion of assets under management. The firm is currently investing out of its fourth fund, Calera Capital Partners IV, which was raised in 2008. Calera Capital has offices in San Francisco and Boston.
Investment Criteria and Transaction Types.
Calera Capital makes equity investments in operating companies with enterprise values up to $1 billion. The firm seeks to deploy between $50 million and $250 million in each transaction. Many of Calera Capital’s investments have involved founder- or family-owned businesses, and the firm reports that existing shareholders have re-invested over $420 million in transactions with Calera Capital.
The firm pursues several types of transactions, including:
Calera has made investments across a range of industries, including:
History.
Calera Capital was founded in 1991 as a partnership between the investment professionals and the Fremont Group, a private investment company based in San Francisco. Calera Capital’s initial pool of funds was provided by the Fremont Group. Calera Capital raised its first institutional fund, Calera Capital Partners II, in 1996 with a diverse group of investors. Calera Capital Partners III was raised in 2001 further expanding the firm’s investor base.
Prior to 2007, Calera Capital was known as Fremont Partners, a name the firm derived from the Fremont Group. The name change to Calera Capital occurred as the firm began raising its fourth (and current) fund, Calera Capital Partners IV, and reflected the firm’s transition to an entirely independent entity owned by the investment professionals and no longer affiliated with the Fremont Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20648200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648200" title="Black Power">
Black Power

Black Power was a political slogan and a name for various associated ideologies aimed at achieving self-determination for people of African/Black descent. It is used by African Americans in the United States. The movement was prominent in the late 1960s and early 1970s, emphasizing racial pride and the creation of black political and cultural institutions to nurture and promote black collective interests and advance black values.
"Black Power" expresses a range of political goals, from defense against racial oppression, to the establishment of social institutions and a self-sufficient economy. The earliest known usage of the term is found in a 1954 book by Richard Wright entitled "Black Power". Although he did not "coin" the phrase, New York politician Adam Clayton Powell Jr. used the term on May 29, 1966 during a baccalaureate address at Howard University: "To demand these God-given rights is to seek black power."
Origin as a political slogan.
The first popular use of the term "Black Power" as a social and political slogan was by Stokely Carmichael (later known as Kwame Ture) and Willie Ricks (later known as Mukasa Dada), both organizers and spokespersons for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). On June 16, 1966, in a speech in Greenwood, Mississippi after the shooting of James Meredith during the March Against Fear, Stokely Carmichael said:
"This is the twenty-seventh time I have been arrested and I ain't going to jail no more! The only way we gonna stop them white men from whuppin' us is to take over. What we gonna start sayin' now is Black Power!"
Stokely Carmichael saw the concept of "Black Power" as a means of solidarity between individuals within the movement. It was a replacement of the "Freedom Now!" slogan of non-violent leader Martin Luther King. With his conception and articulation of the word, he felt this movement was not just a movement for racial desegregation, but rather a movement to help combat America's crippling racism. He said, "For the last time, 'Black Power' means black people coming together to form a political force and either electing representatives or forcing their representatives to speak their needs."
A range of ideologies.
Some Black Power adherents believed in Black autonomy, with a variety of tendencies such as black nationalism, and black separatism. Such positions caused friction with leaders of the mainstream Civil Rights Movement, and thus the two movements have often been viewed as inherently antagonistic. However, certain groups and individuals (including Robert F. Williams, Maya Angelou, James Forman, Gloria Richardson, and Fay Bellamy Powell) participated in both civil rights and black power activism.
Not all Black Power advocates were in favor of black separatism. While Stokely Carmichael and SNCC were in favor of separatism for a time in the late 1960s, organizations such as the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense were not. Though they considered themselves to be at war with a power structure that was indeed mostly white, they were not at war with all whites, merely the individuals in the existing power structure, who happened to mostly be white.
Bobby Seale, Chairman and Co-Founder of the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense, was outspoken about this. His stand was that the oppression of black people was more of a result of economic exploitation than anything innately racist. In his book "Seize the Time", he states that "In our view it is a class struggle between the massive proletarian working class and the small, minority ruling class. Working-class people of all colors must unite against the exploitative, oppressive ruling class. So let me emphasize again—we believe our fight is a class struggle and not a race struggle."
Bayard Rustin, an elder statesman of the Civil Rights Movement, was a harsh critic of Black Power in its earliest days. Writing in 1966, shortly after the March Against Fear, Rustin said that Black Power “not only lacks any real value for the civil rights movement, but [...] its propagation is positively harmful. It diverts the movement from a meaningful debate over strategy and tactics, it isolates the Negro community, and it encourages the growth of anti-Negro forces.” He particularly criticized the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) and SNCC for their turn toward Black Power, arguing that these two organizations once “awakened the country, but now they emerge isolated and demoralized, shouting a slogan that may afford a momentary satisfaction but that is calculated to destroy them and their movement.”
Internationalist offshoots of black power include African Internationalism, pan-Africanism, black nationalism, and black supremacy.
Background.
The movement for Black Power in the U.S. emerged from the civil rights movement in the early 1960s. Beginning in 1959, Robert F. Willams, president of the Monroe, North Carolina chapter of the NAACP, openly questioned the ideology of nonviolence and its domination of the movement's strategy. Williams was supported by prominent leaders such as Ella Baker and James Forman, and opposed by others, such as Roy Wilkins(the national NAACP chairman) and Martin Luther King. In 1961, Maya Angelou, Leroi Jones, and Mae Mallory led a riotous (and widely-covered) demonstration at the United Nations to protest the assassination of Patrice Lumumba. Malcolm X, national representative of the Nation of Islam, also launched an extended critique of nonviolence and integrationism at this time. After seeing the increasing militancy of blacks in the wake of the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing, and wearying of the domination of Elijah Muhammed over the Nation of Islam, Malcolm left that organization and engaged with the mainstream of the Civil Rights Movement. Malcolm still supported armed self-defense and self-reliance, but was now open to integration as a long-term goal; he became a simultaneous spokesman for the militant wing of the Civil Rights Movement and the non-separatist wing of the Black Power movement. 
An early manifestation of Black Power in popular culture was the performances given by Nina Simone at Carnegie Hall in March of 1964, and the album "In Concert" which resulted from them. Simone mocked liberal nonviolence ("Go Limp"), and took a vengeful position toward white racists ("Mississippi Goddamn" and her adaptation of "Pirate Jenny"). Historian Ruth Feldstein writes that, "Contrary to the neat historical trajectories which suggest that black power came late in the decade and only after the 'successes' of earlier efforts, Simone’s album makes clear that black power perspectives were already taking shape and circulating widely...in the early 1960s." 
By 1966, most of SNCC's field staff, among them Stokely Carmichael (later Kwame Ture), were becoming critical of the nonviolent approach to confronting racism and inequality—articulated and promoted by Martin Luther King, Jr., Roy Wilkins, and other moderates—and rejected desegregation as a primary objective.
SNCC's base of support was generally younger and more working-class than that of the other "Big Five" civil rights organizations and became increasingly more militant and outspoken over time. From SNCC's point of view, racist people had no qualms about the use of violence against black people in the U.S. who would not "stay in their place," and "accommodationist" civil rights strategies had failed to secure sufficient concessions for black people. As a result, as the Civil Rights Movement progressed, increasingly radical, more militant voices came to the fore to aggressively challenge white hegemony. Increasing numbers of black youth, particularly, rejected their elders' moderate path of cooperation, racial integration and assimilation. They rejected the notion of appealing to the public's conscience and religious creeds and took the tack articulated by another black activist more than a century before, abolitionist Frederick Douglass, who wrote:
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground. They want rain without thunder and lightning. They want the ocean without the awful roar of its many waters. ...Power concedes nothing without demand. It never did and it never will.
Civil Rights leaders also believed in agitation, but most did not believe in physically violent retaliation.
During the March Against Fear, there was a division between those aligned with Martin Luther King, Jr. and those aligned with Carmichael, marked by their respective slogans, "Freedom Now" and "Black Power."
While King never endorsed the slogan, his rhetoric sometimes came close to it. In his 1967 book "Where Do We Go From Here?", King wrote that "power is not the white man's birthright; it will not be legislated for us and delivered in neat government packages."
Impact.
Although the concept remained imprecise and contested and the people who used the slogan ranged from businesspeople who used it to push black capitalism to revolutionaries who sought an end to capitalism, the idea of Black Power exerted a significant influence. It helped organize scores of community self-help groups and institutions that did not depend on Whites. It was used to force black studies programs at colleges, to mobilize black voters to elect black candidates, and to encourage greater racial pride and self-esteem.
One of the most spectacular and unexpected demonstrations for Black Power occured at the 1968 Summer Olympics. United States Gold medallist Tommie Smith,and bronze medallist John Carlos showed the raised fist-explicitly associated with the movement at that time, especially with the Black Panther Party-on the podium after the 200m in the 1968 Summer Olympics wearing Olympic Project for Human Rights badges. The third athlete is silver medalist Peter Norman from Australia wearing an OPHR badge to show his support for the two Americans.
Impact on Black politics.
Though the Black Power movement did not immediately remedy the political problems faced by African Americans in the 1960s and 1970s, the movement did contribute to the development of black politics both directly and indirectly. As a contemporary of and successor to the Civil Rights Movement, the Black Power movement created, what sociologist Herbert H. Haines refers to as a “positive radical flank effect” on political affairs of the 1960s. Though the nature of the relationship between the Civil Rights Movement and the Black Power movement is contested, Haines’ study of the relationship between black radicals and the mainstream civil rights movement indicates that Black Power generated a “crisis in American institutions which made the legislative agenda of ‘polite, realistic, and businesslike’ mainstream organizations” more appealing to politicians. In this way, it can be argued that the more strident and oppositional messages of the Black Power movement indirectly enhanced the bargaining position of more moderate activists.
Black Power activists approached politics with vitality, variety, wit, and creativity that shaped the way future generations approached dealing with America’s societal problems (McCartney 188). These activists capitalized on the nation’s recent awareness of the political nature of oppression, a primary focus of the Civil Rights Movement, developing numerous political action caucuses and grass roots community associations to remedy the situation 
The National Black Political Convention, held March 10–12, 1972, was a significant milestone in black politics of the Black Power era. Held in Gary, Indiana, a majorly black city, the convention included a diverse group of black activists, although it completely excluded whites. The convention was criticized for its racial exclusivity by Roy Wilkins of the NAACP, a group that supported integration. The delegates created a National Black Political Agenda with stated goals including the election of a proportionate number of black representatives to Congress, community control of schools, national health insurance, etc. Though the convention did not result in any direct policy, the convention advanced goals of the Black Power movement and left participants buoyed by a spirit of possibility and themes of unity and self-determination. A concluding note to the convention, addressing its supposed idealism, read: “At every critical moment of our struggle in America we have had to press relentlessly against the limits of the ‘realistic’ to create new realities for the life of our people. This is our challenge at Gary and beyond, for a new Black politics demands new vision, new hope and new definitions of the possible. Our time has come. These things are necessary. All things are possible.” Though such political activism may not have resulted in direct policy, they provided political models for later movements, advanced a pro-black political agenda, and brought sensitive issues to the forefront of American politics. In its confrontational and often oppositional nature, the Black Power movement started a debate within the black community and America as a nation over issues of racial progress, citizenship, and democracy, namely “the nature of American society and the place of the African American in it.”. The continued intensity of debate over these same social and political issues is a tribute to the impact of the Black Power movement in arousing the political awareness and passions of citizens.
Impact on other movements.
Though the aims of the Black Power movement were racially specific, much of the movement’s impact has been its influence on the development and strategies of later political and social movements. By igniting and sustaining debate on the nature of American society, the Black Power movement created what other multiracial and minority groups interpreted to be a viable template for the overall restructuring of society. By opening up discussion on issues of democracy and equality, the Black Power movement paved the way for a diverse plurality of social justice movements, including black feminism, environmental movements, affirmative action, and gay and lesbian rights. Central to these movements were the issues of identity politics and structural inequality, features emerging from the Black Power movement. Because the Black Power movement emphasized and explored a black identity, movement activists were forced to confront issues of gender, class and ???? as well. Many activists in the Black Power movement became active in related movements. This is seen in the case of the “second wave” of women’s right activism, a movement supported and orchestrated to a certain degree by women working from within the coalition ranks of the Black Power movement. The boundaries between social movements became increasingly unclear at the end of the 1960s and into the 1970s; where the Black Power movement ends and where these other social movements begin is often unclear. “It is pertinent to note that as the movement expanded the variables of gender, class, and only compounded issues of strategy and methodology in black protest thought.”
Impact on African-American identity.
Due to the negative and militant reputation of such auxiliaries as that of the Black Panther Party, many people felt that this movement of "insurrection" would soon serve to cause discord and disharmony through the entire U.S. Even Stokely Carmichael stated, "When you talk of Black Power, you talk of building a movement that will smash everything Western civilization has created."
Though Black Power at the most basic level refers to a political movement, the psychological and cultural messages of the Black Power movement, though less tangible, have had perhaps a longer lasting impact on American society than concrete political changes. Indeed, “fixation on the ‘political’ hinders appreciation of the movement’s cultural manifestations and unnecessarily obscures black culture’s role in promoting the psychological well being of the Afro-American people.”. States William L. Van Deburg, author of A New Day in Babylon, “movement leaders never were as successful in winning power for the people as they were in convincing people that they had sufficient power within themselves to escape ‘the prison of self-deprecation’” Primarily, the liberation and empowerment experienced by African Americans occurred in the psychological realm. The movement uplifted the black community as a whole by cultivating feelings of racial solidarity, often in opposition to the world of white Americans, a world that had physically and psychologically oppressed Blacks for generations. Through the movement, Blacks came to understand themselves and their culture by exploring and debating the question, “who are we?” in order to establish a unified and viable identity.
Throughout the Civil Rights Movement and black history, a tension has existed between those wishing to minimize and maximize racial difference. W.E.B. Du Bois and Martin Luther King Jr. often attempted to deemphasize race in their quest for equality, while those advocating for separatism and colonization emphasized an extreme and irreconcilable difference between races. The Black Power movement largely achieved an equilibrium of “balanced and humane ethnocentrism.”
The impact of the Black Power movement in generating valuable discussion about ethnic identity and black consciousness manifests itself in the relatively recent proliferation of academic fields such as American studies, Black Studies, and Africana studies in both national and international institutions. The respect and attention accorded to African Americans’ history and culture in both formal and informal settings today is largely a product of the movement for Black Power in the 1960s and 1970s.
Impact in Britain.
Black Power got a foothold in Britain when Carmichael came to London in July 1967 to attend the Dialectics of Liberation Congress. As well as his address at the Congress, he also made a speech at Speakers' Corner. At that time there was no Black Power organization in Britain, although there was Michael X's Racial Adjustment Action Society.
However, this was more influenced by the visit of Malcolm X in that year. Michael X also adopted Islam at this stage, whereas Black Power was not organized around any religious institution. The "Black Power Manifesto" was launched on 10 November 1967, published by the Universal Coloured People's Association. Obi Egbuna, the spokesperson for the group, claimed they had recruited 778 members in London during the previous seven weeks. In 1968 Egbuni published "Black Power or Death". He was also active with CLR James and Calvin Hernton in the Antiuniversity of London, set up following the Dialectics of Liberation Congress.
Black is beautiful.
The cultivation of pride in the African-American race was often summarized in the phrase "Black is Beautiful". The phrase is rooted in its historical context, yet the relationship to it has changed in contemporary times. “I don’t think it’s ‘Black is beautiful’ anymore. It’s ‘I am beautiful and I’m black.’ It’s not the symbolic thing, the afro, power sign… That phase is over and it succeeded. My children feel better about themselves and they know that they’re black,” stated a respondent in Bob Blauner’s longitudinal oral history of U.S. race relations in 1986. The outward manifestations of an appreciation and celebration of blackness abound: black dolls, natural hair, black Santas, models and celebrities that were once rare and symbolic have become commonplace.
The "Black is beautiful" cultural movement aimed to dispel the notion that black people's natural features such as skin color, facial features and hair are inherently ugly. John Sweat Rock was the first to coin the phrase "Black is Beautiful", in the slavery era. The movement asked that men and women stop straightening their hair and attempting to lighten or bleach their skin. The prevailing idea in American culture was that black features are less attractive or desirable than white features. The movement is largely responsible for the popularity of the Afro. Most importantly, it gave a generation of African Americans the courage to feel good about who they are and how they look.
Impact on arts and culture.
The Black Power movement produced artistic and cultural products that both embodied and generated pride in “blackness” and further defined an African-American identity that remains contemporary. Black Power is often seen as a cultural revolution as much as a political revolution, with the goal of celebrating and emphasizing the distinctive group culture of African Americans to an American society that had previously been dominated by white artistic and cultural expressions. Black power utilized all available forms of folk, literary, and dramatic expression based in a common ancestral past to promote a message of self-actualization and cultural self-definition. The emphasis on a distinctive black culture during the Black Power movement publicized and legitimized a culture gap between Blacks and Whites that had previously been ignored and denigrated. More generally, in recognizing the legitimacy of another culture and challenging the idea of white cultural superiority, the Black Power movement paved the way for the celebration of multiculturalism in America today.
The cultural concept of “soul” was fundamental to the image of African-American culture embodied by the Black Power movement. Soul, a type of “in-group cultural cachet,” was closely tied to black America’s need for individual and group self-identification. A central expression of the “soulfulness” of the Black Power generation was a cultivation of aloofness and detachment, the creation of an “aura or emotional invulnerability,” a persona that challenged their position of relative powerlessness in greater society. The nonverbal expressions of this attitude, including everything from posture to handshakes, were developed as a counterpoint to the rigid, “up-tight” mannerisms of white people. Though the iconic symbol of black power, the arms raised with biceps flexed and clenched fists, is temporally specific, variants of the multitude of handshakes, or “giving and getting skin,” in the 1960s and 1970s as a mark of communal solidarity continue to exist as a part of black culture. Clothing style also became an expression of Black Power in the 1960s and 1970s. Though many of the popular trends of the movement remained confined to the decade, the movement redefined standards of beauty that were historically influenced by Whites and instead celebrated a natural “blackness.” As Stokely Carmichael said in 1966, “We have to stop being ashamed of being black. A broad nose, thick lip and nappy hair is us and we are going to call that beautiful whether they like it or not.” “Natural” hair styles, such as the Afro, became a socially acceptable tribute to group unity and a highly visible celebration of black heritage. Though the same social messages may no longer consciously influence individual hair or clothing styles in today’s society, the Black Power movement was influential in diversifying standards of beauty and aesthetic choices. The Black Power movement raised the idea of a black aesthetic that revealed the worth and beauty of all black people.
In developing a powerful identity from the most elemental aspects of African-American folk life, the Black Power movement generated attention to the concept of “soul food,” a fresh, authentic, and natural style of cooking that originated in Africa. The flavor and solid nourishment of the food was credited with sustaining African Americans through centuries of oppression in America and became an important aid in nurturing contemporary racial pride. Black Power advocates used the concept of “soul food” to further distinguish between white and black culture; though the basic elements of soul food were not specific to African-American food, Blacks believed in the distinctive quality, if not superiority, of foods prepared by Blacks. No longer racially specific, traditional “soul foods” such as yams, collard greens, and deep-fried chicken continue to hold a place in contemporary culinary life.
Black Arts Movement.
The Black Arts Movement or BAM, founded in Harlem by writer and activist Amiri Baraka (born Everett LeRoy Jones), can be seen as the artistic branch of the Black Power movement. This movement inspired black people to establish ownership of publishing houses, magazines, journals and art institutions. Other well-known writers who were involved with this movement included Nikki Giovanni; Don L. Lee, later known as Haki Madhubuti; Sonia Sanchez; Maya Angelou; Dudley Randall; Sterling Plumpp; Larry Neal; Ted Joans; Ahmos Zu-Bolton; and Etheridge Knight. Several black-owned publishing houses and publications sprang from the BAM, including Madhubuti's Third World Press, Broadside Press, Zu-Bolton's Energy Black South Press, and the periodicals "Callaloo" and "Yardbird Reader". Although not strictly involved with the Movement, other notable African-American writers such as novelists Ishmael Reed and Toni Morrison and poet Gwendolyn Brooks can be considered to share some of its artistic and thematic concerns.
BAM sought “to link, in a highly conscious manner, art and politics in order to assist in the liberation of black people”, and produced an increase in the quantity and visibility of African-American artistic production. Though many elements of the Black Arts movement are separate from the Black Power movement, many goals, themes, and activists overlapped. Literature, drama, and music of Blacks “served as an oppositional and defensive mechanism through which creative artists could confirm their identity while articulating their own unique impressions of social reality.” In addition to acting as highly visible and unifying representations of “blackness,” the artistic products of the Black Power movement also utilized themes of black empowerment and liberation. For instance, black recording artists not only transmitted messages of racial unity through their music, they also became significant role models for a younger generation of African Americans. Updated protest songs not only bemoaned oppression and societal wrongs, but utilized adversity as a reference point and tool to lead others to activism. Some Black Power era artists conducted brief mini-courses in the techniques of empowerment. In the tradition of cultural nationalists, these artists taught that in order to alter social conditions, Blacks first had to change the way they viewed themselves; they had to break free of white norms and strive to be more natural, a common theme of African-American art and music. Musicians such as the Temptations sang lyrics such as “I have one single desire, just like you / So move over, son, ‘cause I’m comin’ through” in their song “Message From a Black Man,” they expressed the revolutionary sentiments of the Black Power movement.
Ishmael Reed, who is considered neither a movement apologist nor advocate, said: "I wasn't invited to participate because I was considered an integrationist" but he went on to explain the positive aspects of the Black Arts Movement and the Black Power movement:
I think what Black Arts did was inspire a whole lot of Black people to write. Moreover, there would be no multiculturalism movement without Black Arts. Latinos, Asian Americans, and others all say they began writing as a result of the example of the 1960s. Blacks gave the example that you don't have to assimilate. You could do your own thing, get into your own background, your own history, your own tradition and your own culture. I think the challenge is for cultural sovereignty and Black Arts struck a blow for that.
By breaking into a field typically reserved for white Americans, artists of the Black Power era expanded opportunities for current African Americans. “Today’s writers and performers,” writes William L. Van Deburg, “recognize that they owe a great deal to Black Power’s explosion of cultural orthodoxy”.

</doc>
<doc id="20648224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648224" title="Mexican Federal Highway 3">
Mexican Federal Highway 3

Mexican Federal Highway 3 ("Carretera Federal 3") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. One segment connects Tecate (and California State Route 188 on the US-Mexico border) to Ensenada in Baja California. This segment ends at its junction with Mexican Federal Highway 1 at El Sauzal Rodriguez, just a little north of Ensenada. This segment of the highway is long. 
This segment of the highway is important because it shortens the distance between the Baja California peninsula and the interior of the country by providing a link with Mexican Federal Highway 2 without having to travel through Tijuana. It also connects to the people in Valle de Guadalupe, San Antonio de las Minas and Valle de Las Palmas.
A second segment of the highway, , begins at highway 1 in Ensenada and links Ensenada with Mexican Federal Highway 5 near the east coast of the Baja California peninsula. Their junction in the town of El Chinero is north of San Felipe, Baja California. There is a military inspection station just south of the junction, where all passing vehicles in both directions are subject to search.

</doc>
<doc id="20648236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648236" title="International Talk Like a Pirate Day">
International Talk Like a Pirate Day

International Talk Like a Pirate Day (ITLAPD, September 19) is a parodic holiday created in 1995 by John Baur (Ol' Chumbucket) and Mark Summers (Cap'n Slappy), of Albany, Oregon, U.S., who proclaimed September 19 each year as the day when everyone in the world should talk like a pirate. For example, an observer of this holiday would greet friends not with "Hello," but with "Ahoy, matey!" The holiday, and its observance, springs from a romanticized view of the Golden Age of Piracy. It has become a holiday for members of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
History.
According to Summers, the day is the only holiday to come into being as a result of a sports injury. He has stated that during a racquetball game between Summers and Baur, one of them reacted to the pain with an outburst of "Aaarrr!", and the idea was born. That game took place on June 6, 1995, but out of respect for the observance of D-Day, they chose Summers' ex-wife's birthday, as it would be easy for him to remember.
At first an inside joke between two friends, the holiday gained exposure when John Baur and Mark Summers sent a letter about their invented holiday to the American syndicated humor columnist Dave Barry in 2002. Barry liked the idea and promoted the day. Growing media coverage of the holiday after Barry's column has ensured that this event is now celebrated internationally, and Baur and Summers now sell books and T-shirts on their website related to the theme. Part of the success for the international spread of the holiday has been attributed to non-restriction of the idea or trademarking, in effect opening the holiday for creativity and "viral" growth.
Baur and Summers found new fame in the 2006 season premiere episode of ABC's "Wife Swap", first aired September 18, 2006. They starred in the role of "a family of pirates" along with Baur's wife, Tori. Baur also appeared on the June 26, 2008 episode of "Jeopardy!", where he was introduced as a "writer and pirate from Albany, Oregon."
The association of pirates with peg legs, parrots, and treasure maps, popularized in Robert Louis Stevenson's novel "Treasure Island" (1883), has had a significant influence on parody pirate culture. Talk Like a Pirate Day is celebrated with hidden easter egg features in many games and websites, with Facebook introducing a pirate-translated version of its website on Talk Like a Pirate Day 2008 and publisher O'Reilly discounting books on the R programming language to celebrate. Minecraft also features this language since January 5, 2012.
Linguistic background.
Actor Robert Newton, who specialized in portraying pirates, especially Long John Silver in the 1950 Disney film "Treasure Island", the 1954 Australian film "Long John Silver," and as the title character in the 1952 film "Blackbeard the Pirate", is described as the "patron saint" of Talk Like A Pirate Day. Newton was born in Dorset and educated in Cornwall, and it was his native West Country dialect, which he used in his portrayal of Long John Silver and Blackbeard, that some contend is the origin of the standard "pirate accent". This was later parodied in the 1950s and 1960s by British comedian Tony Hancock.
The archetypal pirate grunt "Arrr!" (alternatively "Rrrr!" or "Yarrr!") first appeared in fiction as early as 1934 in the film "Treasure Island" starring Lionel Barrymore, and was used by a character in the 1940 novel "Adam Penfeather, Buccaneer" by Jeffrey Farnol. However it was popularized and widely remembered with Robert Newton's usage in the classic 1950 Disney film "Treasure Island". It has been speculated that the rolling "rrr", a distinctive element of the speech of the West Country of England, has been associated with pirates because of the West Country's strong maritime heritage, with for many centuries fishing the main industry (and smuggling a major unofficial one), and where there were several major ports. as a result, West Country speech in general, and Cornish speech in particular, may have been a major influence on a generalized British nautical speech. This can be seen in the Gilbert and Sullivan operetta "The Pirates of Penzance", which is set in Cornwall; although the play did not (originally) use the phrase "arrr", the pirates used words with a lot of rrr's such as "Hurrah" and "pour the pirate sherry".

</doc>
<doc id="20648251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648251" title="Clay Marzo">
Clay Marzo

Clay Marzo (born July 17, 1989 in San Diego, California) is a professional surfer known for his unique "double-jointed" style of turns and spins. He was raised in Lahaina, Maui, Hawaii where he currently resides. Marzo has been acclaimed for his creativity and innovation as a young surfer, and featured in several films.
Career.
Clay Marzo began competitively surfing and swimming at an early age. When he was 10 years old, he won the 200 meter freestyle event at the annual Hawaii State Swimming Championships. At age 11, he placed third at the National Scholastic Surfing Association (NSSA) Nationals competition, and signed a pro contract with the Quiksilver team. When Marzo was 15, he became the first surfer to receive two perfect 10's in NSSA history and won the NSSA National title. In 2005, Marzo became the NSSA Open Men’s National Champion. His other accomplishments include being nominated for Maneuver of the Year at the 2007 Surfer Poll Awards, and Water Man of the Year in 2006.
Marzo has appeared with other notable surfers like Kelly Slater, Julian Wilson and Dane Reynolds as a member of Quiksilver's Young Guns crew in the second and third films in the series. Other films include "Stranger than Fiction," "Today Tomorrow," an episode of ESPN's . In 2008, he was featured in a documentary film titled "Clay Marzo: Just Add Water", directed by Jamie Tlerney and Strider Wasilewski, which explores Marzo's surfing and his experience as a person with Asperger syndrome.
Marzo's sponsors include Carve, Skullcandy, SPY Optic, Future, Creatures of Leisure, Vestal, Rockstar Energy, and Komunity Project.
Personal life.
Marzo was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome, a mild form of autism, in December 2007. Until then, his unconventional behavior at home and on the pro-circuit was often misunderstood by those around him. Marzo didn't connect well at school or with fans or sponsors, he didn't play by the expected rules at surf competitions, and he was known for being painfully honest. Marzo is intensely focused on his sport and has been described as both intuitive and expressive in the water. He is constantly seen rubbing his hands together at a rapid pace. Marzo volunteers with Surfers Healing, a non-profit organization from Malibu, California, which exposes children with autism to surfing at camps in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20648252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648252" title="Jasper, Texas (film)">
Jasper, Texas (film)

Jasper, Texas is a 2003 American television movie directed by Jeffrey W. Byrd. The teleplay by Jonathan Estrin is based on a true story and focuses on the aftermath of a crime in which three white men from the small town of Jasper, Texas, killed African American James Byrd, Jr. by dragging him behind their pickup truck. 
The film was shown at the Philadelphia International Film Festival before being broadcast by Showtime on June 8, 2003.
Plot.
In Jasper, Texas, in June 1998, three self-proclaimed white supremacists chain James Byrd, Jr., to the back of their pickup truck and drag him to his death over three miles of country road. When the town is forced to deal with an onslaught of media coverage that thrusts it into the collective conscience of the entire country and the arrival of contentious members of the Ku Klux Klan and the Black Panthers, the once peaceful relationship between its white and black citizens is subjected to tension. Trying to maintain peace in the community as the trial of the three perpetrators commences are black mayor R.C. Horn and white sheriff Billy Rowles, neither of whom is prepared to handle all the negative publicity. Justice is served when two of the men are condemned to death and the third is sentenced to life in prison.
Critical reception.
David Wiegand of the "San Francisco Chronicle" said, "There's nothing fatally wrong with the film, but the muddled, overstuffed script and sometimes cheesy direction short-circuit the emotional potential of the treatment of James Byrd Jr.'s brutal dragging death five years ago in a small Texas town . . . The better TV films offer commentary and perspective subtly, through careful characterization and plot development. "Jasper, Texas" doesn't quite do that. Despite great performances from Voight and Gossett, the film trips over its own simplistic analysis of what 'getting along' between the races really means." 
Laura Fries of "Variety" called the film "an introspective but somewhat Hollywoodized treatment" and continued, "The director's focus is very personal. Although he doesn't linger on details of the court case, the murder is presented in full-color detail. It is handled almost clinically, but not without sensitivity. To dance around the facts would be too great a disservice. To exploit the sensational nature of the crime also would be wrong. Instead, Byrd puts his trust into his very capable cast." 
Sam Adams of "Philadelphia City Paper" thought the film was a "a standard-issue docudrama whose pat resolution doesn't dredge up anything like the national horror of Byrd's murder." 
Awards and nominations.
Screenwriter Jonathan Estrin was nominated for the Humanitas Prize. The film was nominated for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Television Movie, Mini-Series or Dramatic Special but lost to "", and Lou Gossett, Jr. was nominated for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actor in a Television Movie, Mini-Series or Dramatic Special but lost to Charles S. Dutton in "D.C. Sniper".
DVD release.
Showtime Entertainment released the film on DVD on February 3, 2004. It is in fullscreen format with audio tracks in English and Spanish.
Filmed.
Portions of the film, including the intown scene, were shot in Beaverton, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20648264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648264" title="North American land mammal age">
North American land mammal age

The North American land mammal ages (NALMA) establishes a geologic timescale for prehistoric North American fauna beginning 66.5 Ma during the Paleocene and continuing through to the Late Pleistocene (0.11 Ma). These periods are referred to as ages or intervals (or stages when referring to the rock strata of that age) and were established using geographic place names where fossil materials were obtained.
System.
The North American land-mammal-age system was formalized in 1941 as a series of provincial land-mammal ages. The system was the standard for correlations in the terrestrial Cenozoic record of North America and was the source for similar time scales dealing with other continents. The system was revised into a formal chronostratigraphic system. This approach is nominally justified by international stratigraphic codes; it holds that first appearances of individual species in particular sections are the only valid basis for naming and defining the land-mammal ages.
The basic unit of measure is the first/last boundary statement. This shows that the first appearance event of one taxon is known to predate the last appearance event of another. If two taxa are found in the same fossil quarry or at the same stratigraphic horizon, then their age-range zones overlap.
See also.
Appearance Event Ordination

</doc>
<doc id="20648273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648273" title="Homicho Ammunition Engineering Complex">
Homicho Ammunition Engineering Complex

Homicho Ammunition Engineering Complex is one of the military production facilities of the Ethiopian Defense Industry Sector. It specializes in producing wide range of ammunition for use by the Ethiopian National Defense Force. 
History.
The Complex was established around 1987 under the name Tatek Engineering Factory with the goal of producing ammunition for medium and heavy weapons. It initially produced mortar shells but was later greatly expanded to produce a wide range of ammunition. In addition, the light weapons ammunition production line was transferred from Hibret Machine Tools Engineering Complex in a restructuring to house all ammunition production under one organization. The new organization was renamed Homicho Ammunition Engineering Complex in 2004.
Structure.
The complex has four departments with 1,480 personnel out of which 192 of them are military and 1,288 are civil.
Research and Development.
The Complex collaborates closely with the Defense Engineering College and various higher learning institutes. It has undertaken various works to improve the quality of military ammunition.
Products.
The center produces wide range of ammunition ranging from light weapons to heavy mortars and artillery. It also produces various metal products that are inputs to civil industries.
References.
FDRE Defense Industry, May 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20648277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648277" title="Juris (name)">
Juris (name)

Juris is mostly a Latvian masculine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648285" title="Juris (disambiguation)">
Juris (disambiguation)

The Juris were a tribe of South American Indigenous people.
Juris may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648301" title="Mark L. Hersey">
Mark L. Hersey

Mark Leslie Hersey (December 1, 1863 – January 22, 1934) was a Major General in the United States Army who commanded the 4th Infantry Division during World War I. The USS "General M. L. Hersey" is named after him.
The , launched April 1944, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20648312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648312" title="Laura Rossi">
Laura Rossi

Laura Rossi is a British composer of film and concert works. Originally from Devon, she graduated with a Masters Degree from The London College of Music, having previously studied at the University of Liverpool.
Her credits include scores for films such as Paul Andrew Williams' "London to Brighton" and "The Cottage", as well as being commissioned by the Imperial War Museum to write an orchestral score for the 1916 film "The Battle of the Somme". 

</doc>
<doc id="20648332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648332" title="Max Rosenheim, Baron Rosenheim">
Max Rosenheim, Baron Rosenheim

Max Leonard Rosenheim, Baron Rosenheim KBE FRCP FRS (15 March 1908–2 December 1972) was a British physician and academic.
Education.
Rosenheim was born in London and educated at Shrewsbury School, St John's College, Cambridge and University College Hospital Medical School. 
Career.
In 1938 he was awarded the Bilton Pollard Travelling Fellowship and worked as research assistant for Dr Fuller Albright at the Massachusetts General Hospital. He joined the Royal Army Medical Corps in 1941 and served in the Middle East and Italy, leaving the Army as a brigadier. From 1945 to 1946 he was consultant physician to the Allied Land Forces in South East Asia. From 1949 for the next 21 years, he was Professor of Medicine at University College Hospital, resigning in 1960. He retained his links with UCH, however, acting as a part-time physician. His own particular medical interests were renal disease and hypertension, and he was among the first in his profession to convince his fellows that hypertension could be treated.
Awards and honours.
He delivered the Lumleian lecture at the Royal College of Physicians in 1963 entitled "Problems of Chronic Pyelonephritis". In 1966 he was elected President of the Royal College of Physicians. In 1972 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.
He was made a life peer on 31 July 1970. Other titles include:
Personal life.
Rosenheim never married.

</doc>
<doc id="20648336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648336" title="Singl ploče (1976–1980)">
Singl ploče (1976–1980)

Singl ploče (1976–1980) (trans. "7" Singles (1976–1980)") is a compilation album by Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme, released in 1982.
Background.
In early 1982, Bijelo Dugme performed in Innsbruck, Austria, at a manifestation conceptualized as a symbolic passing of the torch whereby the Winter Olympic Games last host city (Innsbruck) makes a handover to the next one (Sarajevo). On their return to Yugoslavia, the band's equipment was seized by the customs, as it was discovered that they had put new equipment into old boxes. The band's record label, Jugoton decided to lend 150,000,000 Yugoslav dinars to Bijelo Dugme, in order to pay the penalty. In order to regain part of the money as soon as possible, Jugoton decided to release two compilation albums, "Singl ploče (1974-1975)" and "Singl ploče (1976-1980)".
Referencses.
"Singl ploče (1976–1980)" at Discogs
External links.
"Singl ploče (1976–1980)" at Discogs

</doc>
<doc id="20648340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648340" title="When the Cat's Away">
When the Cat's Away

When the Cat's Away may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648344" title="Viktor Dvirnyk">
Viktor Dvirnyk

Viktor Dvirnyk (born 28 February 1969 in Kiev) is a retired Ukrainian professional footballer who played for several clubs in Europe.
Club career.
Dvirnyk played for AC Sparta Prague and Bohemians 1905 in the Czech Gambrinus liga,
a brief spell in the Slovak Premier League during the 1994-95 season and played for Larissa in the Greek Super League during the 1995–96 season. He finished his career in the Croatian First League with NK Mladost 127 and NK Istra.

</doc>
<doc id="20648346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648346" title="Qapanlı (larger), Tartar">
Qapanlı (larger), Tartar

Qapanlı is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,050.

</doc>
<doc id="20648347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648347" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1856–1861">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1856–1861

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the inaugural 1856 elections and the 1861 elections.
Notes.
Ministerial by-elections
Re-elected members

</doc>
<doc id="20648355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648355" title="Qapanlı (smaller), Tartar">
Qapanlı (smaller), Tartar

Qapanlı is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 659.

</doc>
<doc id="20648396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648396" title="Qırmızı-Saqqallar">
Qırmızı-Saqqallar

Qırmızı-Saqqallar (also, Qırmızısaqqallar) is a village in the municipality of Borsunlu in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20648399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648399" title="Pakefield">
Pakefield

Pakefield is a suburb of the town of Lowestoft in the Waveney District of the English county of Suffolk. Pakefield is located around south of the centre of the town. Although today it forms a suburb of the urban area of Lowestoft, it was until 1934 a village and parish in its own right. Pakefield lies along the North Sea coast. The former parish church, All Saints and St Margarets, is located on the coast.
Pakefield became a site of national archaeological importance in 2005 when flint tools over 700,000 years old were unearthed. This was the oldest evidence of human occupation anywhere in the UK, until flint tools at least 800,000 year old were discovered further up the coast at Happisburgh in 2010.
Pakefield has boundaries with Carlton Colville and Kirkley, both also districts or suburbs of Lowestoft. It forms the southern boundary of the Lowestoft urban area with Kessingland about to the south.
History.
Pakefield is the site of one of the earliest known areas of human habitation in the United Kingdom. In 2005 flint tools and teeth from the water vole "Mimomys savini", a key dating species, were found in the cliffs. This suggests that hominins can be dated in England to 700,000 years ago, potentially a cross between "Homo antecessor" and "Homo heidelbergensis".
Bloodmoor Hill, between Pakefield and Carlton Colville, was the site of settlement in the 2nd and 3rd centuries and the 7th and 8th centuries. The Saxon period consisted of a relatively dense settlement as well as a cemetery which included at least one rich barrow burial. Artefacts were discovered at the site in the 18th Century and the Saxon cemetery site was the subject of archaeological investigations between 1998 and 2006.
In the "Domesday book" Pakefield is called “Pagefella”, the name probably coming from the Pagan settlement name of Pagga's or Pacca's field. The village was part of the King's holdings and was part of the Hundred of Lothing. It had a population of about 17 households, including a number of freemen. Part of the tax payment made by the village was 600 herrings.
Pakefield later developed as a fishing community. The former terminus of the Tram Service from Lowestoft is located in the centre of Pakefield and is now the site of the Tramway Hotel. In the modern era, the area played an important role in the Kindertransport programme nine months before the start of World War II. Many children who had not found prearranged foster families were given temporary shelter in the local holiday camp.
Coastal erosion.
Coastal erosion has been an issue in the area for a number of years, although this may have begun to stabilise. A former lighthouse still stands on the coastline and is used by Pakefield Coastwatch.
The map image below shows how erosion occurred between 1882 and 1955. The photos show the extent of the erosion and damage to property which occurred.
Governance.
Pakefield sends two councillors to Suffolk County Council and Waveney District Council. The Member of Parliament is elected through the Waveney seat which. For county council elections Pakefield is part of a larger constituency with the neighboring suburb of Carlton Colville.
Modern Pakefield.
The coast is an important tourist destination with a number of holiday destinations, including a Pontins holiday camp. In November 2010 Pontins entered administration, being taken over by the Brittania Hotel Group.
The area has a number of local shops and businesses, including The Seagull theatre and cinema. As well as the church of All Saint's and St Margaret's, Pakefield has a catholic church dedicated to St Nicholas. 
It also has a primary school and a high school. The primary school was awarded a grant by the Royal Society in 2009 to develop a project called 'What has the sea ever done for us'. Pakefield High School opened in September 2011 as part of a reorganisation of education in Lowestoft. This involved the closure of Pakefield Middle School and an extension of the primary school to take children up until the end of year 6. The high school took over the middle school site and buildings.
The Promoting Pakefield Group was formed in 2004 to attempt to promote the area and its interests. A variety of local improvements have been made, including providing a Christmas tree, noticeboards and making improvements to the local war memorial. The group is made up of a number of local businesses and other organisations.
Notable people.
The author and illustrator Michael Foreman was born in Pakefield in 1938 and attended Pakefield Primary School. He has written about Pakefield in his books.

</doc>
<doc id="20648404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648404" title="Mexican Federal Highway 9">
Mexican Federal Highway 9

Mexican Federal Highway 9 ("Carretera Federal 9") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. It runs from Cadereyta, Nuevo León to Allende, Nuevo León.

</doc>
<doc id="20648406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648406" title="Qapanlı, Azad Qaraqoyunlu">
Qapanlı, Azad Qaraqoyunlu

Qapanlı is a village in the municipality of Azad Qaraqoyunlu in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20648413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648413" title="Qapanlı, İrəvanlı">
Qapanlı, İrəvanlı

Qapanlı is a village in the municipality of İrəvanlı in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20648414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648414" title="Mexican Federal Highway 10">
Mexican Federal Highway 10

Mexican Federal Highway 10 ("Carretera Federal 10") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.
It passes through the state of Chihuahua in northern Mexico. 
Federal Highway 10's northern terminus is in Janos, Chihuahua where it joins Mexican Federal Highway 2. It continues south to the city of Nuevo Casas Grandes, the main city in the region. Afterwards, it continues until Buenaventura where it changes its direction from north-west to south-east and east, passing through the town of Ricardo Flores Magon and joining Mexican Federal Highway 45 at El Sueco, Chihuahua.

</doc>
<doc id="20648423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648423" title="Mexican Federal Highway 12">
Mexican Federal Highway 12

Federal Highway 12 ("Carretera Federal 12") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. Federal Highway 12 travels from Mexican Federal Highway 1 in ceatral Baja California to Bahía de los Ángeles and its total length is 68 km (42.25 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20648435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648435" title="Mexican Federal Highway 14">
Mexican Federal Highway 14

Mexican Federal Highway 14 ("Carretera Federal 14") is the name given to two distinct highways in Mexico.
Federal Highway 14 in Sonora travels from Mexican Federal Highway 15 north of Hermosillo east to Huásabas. Mexican Federal Highway 17 intersects with Federal Highway 14 in Moctezuma, Sonora. The total distance of the highway is 212.5 km (132.04 mi).
Federal Highway 14 in Michoacán travels from Mexican Federal Highway 37 in Uruapan to Morelia. The highway passes through the towns of San Andrés Coru, Santiago Tingambato, Huiramangaro and Pátzcuaro. The total distance of the highway is 113.3 km (70.4 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20648437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648437" title="Mexican Federal Highway 16">
Mexican Federal Highway 16

Federal Highway 16 ("Carretera Federal 16") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.
FH 16 runs east-west through the northern Sierra Madre Occidental cordillera.

</doc>
<doc id="20648445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648445" title="Mexican Federal Highway 17">
Mexican Federal Highway 17

Mexican Federal Highway 17 ("Carretera Federal 17") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from the Mexico – United States border at Agua Prieta, Sonora south to Moctezuma. The northern terminus of the highway continues north into the United States at Douglas, Arizona as U.S. Route 191. The total length of the highway is about 169 km (105 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20648451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648451" title="Mexican Federal Highway 18">
Mexican Federal Highway 18

Mexican Federal Highway 18 ("Carretera Federal 18") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648460" title="Mexican Federal Highway 22">
Mexican Federal Highway 22

Mexican Federal Highway 22 ("Carretera Federal 22") is the name given to two distinct highways in Mexico.
Federal Highway 22 in Baja California Sur travels from Mexican Federal Highway 1 in Ciudad Constitución to Puerto San Carlos. The total distance of the highway is 57 km (35.4 mi). The total distance of the highway is 57.70 km (35.85 mi).
Federal Highway 22 in Aguascalientes travels from Mexican Federal Highway 45 in Rincón de Romos to Mexican Federal Highway 25 in Ciénega Grande. The total distance of the highway is 36 km (22.37 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20648464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648464" title="Mexican Federal Highway 23">
Mexican Federal Highway 23

Mexican Federal Highway 23 ("Carretera Federal 23") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.
The highway starts in the north in Malpaso, Zacatecas and ends to the south in Jocotepec, Jalisco. The highway joins Mexican Federal Highway 15, Mexican Federal Highway 54 and Mexican Federal Highway 70 at Guadalajara.

</doc>
<doc id="20648471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648471" title="Mexican Federal Highway 24">
Mexican Federal Highway 24

Mexican Federal Highway 24 ("Carretera Federal 24") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. Highway 24 is intended to cross the Sierra Madre Occidental from the area of Hidalgo del Parral, Chihuahua on the east, to the area of Culiacan, Sinaloa on the west. A limited central section of about 75 km is not yet completed or graded between the villages of Las Frailes, Durango on the east, and Soyatita (also known as El Sabino), Sinaloa, on the west. Travel is possible through this area, where the road is not yet completed, on unimproved roads using high clearance two-wheel drive vehicles. The two unconnected segments that end at Los Frailes, Durango and Soyatita, Sinaloa are graded, but each segment is unpaved for about the last 50 km. The central "gap" in this highway is in the rugged mountains of the Sierra Madre Occidental. This uncompleted and unpaved portion of the road is not well signed, there are many intersections with other unpaved roads, and it is easy to get lost off the intended route of the highway. 
This central portion of the proposed highway passes directly through the region known as the "Mexico's Golden Triangle", notorious for drug cultivation, drug trafficking, and related violent drug incidents.
Start of Mexican Federal Highway 24 in the north.
Mexican Federal Highway 24 starts in the north at an intersection with the Mexican Federal Highway 16 toll highway. This intersection is at a point measured on the toll highway 16 that is 66 km west of Ciudad Cuauhtémoc and 38 km east of Chihuahua.
Mexican Highway 24 From The Intersection With Mexican Federal Highway 16 To Hidalgo del Parral, Chihuahua.
Mexican Federal Highway 24 then extends in a southerly direction for 184 km to Hidalgo del Parral, Chihuahua. At Hidalgo del Parral Highway 24 interestects with Federal Highway 45 which connects Parral with Jiminez to the east and Durango to the south.
Hidalgo del Parral, Chihuahua to the junction at Las Yerbitas (Aserradero Yerbites), Chihuahua.
From Hidalgo del Parral, the finished section of paved highway going west runs some 220 km in a southwesterly direction to a highway junction at Las Yerbitas (Aserradero Yerbites), passing through El Vergel. 
Along this stretch of Mexican Federal Highway 24, at a point 46 km west of Hidalgo del Parral there is an intersection with Chihuahua State Highway 23. From this intersection, Chihuahua State Highway 23 runs north through Guachochi and Creel to eventually intersect Mexican Federal Highway 16, west of LaJunta, Chihuahua.
From this junction at Las Yerbitas (Aserradero Yerbites) a paved highway continues on west for 25 km to Guadalupe y Calvo, but Highway 24 turns southerly and continues toward the western terminus of the highway in Sinaloa.
Las Yerbitas (Aserradero Yerbites) Junction, Chihuahua to Los Frailes, Durango.
From the junction at Las Yerbitas (Aserradero Yerbites), Highway 24 continues in a southerly direction for about 75 kilometers past the village of Atascaderos (Buenavista de Atascaderos), Chihuahua to Los Frailes, Durango, located just on the border of the states of Chihuahua and Durango. The highway is graded in all of this section, and is paved for only about the first 20 km after leaving the junction at Las Yerbitas.
Gap of unfinished highway in the "Golden Triangle of Mexico" from the village of Los Frailes, Durango to the village of Soyatita, Sinaloa.
From Hidalgo del Parral, Mexican Federal Highway 24 was intended to extend southwest to cross the Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range to the coastal area of Culiacan in the state of Sinaloa. However about 75 km of central section of Highway 24 is not yet completed. 
The east end of the highway is graded through the village of Los Frailes, Durango, Mexico (Lat. 25.640171°, Long. -106.906229°), but the last 50 or 60 km of this roadway is not paved. The west end of the highway is graded through the village of Soyatita, Sinaloa, Mexico (Lat. 25.738929°, Long. -107.305406°), and the last 50 to 60 km of this stretch is also not paved. 
Between Los Frailes, Durango on the east and Soyatita, Sinaloa on the west there is a gap of about 75 km. Travelers can drive between these two points on a commonly used dirt road, but this roadway is neither graded or paved. In addition there are many places where other unmarked roads intersect with no signage. It is easy to get off the route and get lost. There are no reliable maps detailing the road between the two ends of the graded road of Mexico Federal Highway 24. For orientation of those Highway 24 travelers passing through this gap, about midway in this uncompleted section is the village of Huixiopa, Sinaloa, Mexico. (Lat. 25.755591°, Long. -107.191204°). 
This unfinished gap in Mexico Federal Highway 24 lies in the heart of the rugged Sierra Madre Occidental, and the road passes within 1 km of the point where the borders of Chihuahua, Durango and Sinaloa meet. The general area surrounding this three-way junction of state borders is known as the so-called "Golden Triangle of Mexico". The entire geographic area surround this "Golden Triangle" is well known for drug growing and drug trafficking, and for violent drug related incidents, and it is notorious for being a dangerous area.
From Soyatita, Sinaloa to the south end of Mexican Federal Highway 24 near Pericos, Sinaloa.
The graded section of Mexican Federal Highway 24, the first 50 to 55 km of which is not yet paved, commences again at the village of Soyatita, Sinaloa and extends approximation 130 km in a southwesterly direction through Tameapa, Sinaloa and Badiraguato, Sinaloa to reach Mexican Federal Highway 15 in the vicinity of Pericos, Sinaloa. This is the eastern terminus of Mexican Federal Highway 24.

</doc>
<doc id="20648474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648474" title="Henri George Doll">
Henri George Doll

Henri George Doll (1902, Paris, France – 25 July 1991, Montfort-l'Amaury, France) was a French-American scientist.
Biography.
Doll was a leading figure in the development of oil well logging and a key technical leader of the Schlumberger oilfield services company. A graduate of the École Polytechnique and École des Mines, he married Annette Schlumberger, sister of Conrad Schlumberger, one of the Schlumberger brothers, and joined their company.
His contributions include the induction logging technique, and during World War II he led the development of the jeep-borne mine detector. He received a Certificate of Appreciation from the United States government and was made an officer of the Légion d'honneur.
Upon his retirement in 1967, the Schlumberger Well Surveying Corporation's research laboratory in Ridgefield, Connecticut was renamed the Schlumberger-Doll Research Center in his honor. The Schlumberger-Doll Research Center was relocated to Cambridge, Massachusetts in 2006.[http://www.slb.com/content/about/research/sdr.asp]
Doll came to the United States in 1941 and became an American citizen in 1962. His marriage with Annette Schlumberger ended in divorce. His second wife was the ballerina Eugenia Delarova, who once married to the choreographer Léonide Massine.

</doc>
<doc id="20648475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648475" title="Mexican Federal Highway 25">
Mexican Federal Highway 25

Mexican Federal Highway 25 ("Carretera Federal 25") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway starts in Viñedos Rivier, Aguascalientes and travels east then northeast to San Marcos, Zacatecas, which is just past Loreto, Zacatecas.

</doc>
<doc id="20648478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648478" title="Mexican Federal Highway 26">
Mexican Federal Highway 26

Mexican Federal Highway 26 ("Carretera Federal 26") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648481" title="Mexican Federal Highway 28">
Mexican Federal Highway 28

Mexican Federal Highway 28 ("Carretera Federal 28") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648482" title="Mexican Federal Highway 29">
Mexican Federal Highway 29

Mexican Federal Highway 29 ("Carretera Federal 29") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway connects Ciudad Acuña, Coahuila near the Mexico – United States border in the north to Morelos, Coahuila to the south. The total distance of Mexican Federal Highway 29 is 104 km (65 mi). City streets in Ciudad Acuña connect the Mexican Federal Highway system to U.S. Route 277 in Del Rio, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20648488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648488" title="Mexican Federal Highway 30">
Mexican Federal Highway 30

Mexican Federal Highway 30 ("Carretera Federal 30") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway starts in Torreón at Mexican Federal Highway 40 in the southwest and winds across the central Mexican Plateau, following a roughly northeasterly direction. The highway eventually ends to the northeast in Monclova, Coahuila at Mexican Federal Highway 57. The total distance of Mexican Federal Highway 30 is 351.0 km (218.1 mi).
The main Federal Highway 30 route travels from Torreón to Monclova at a distance of 332.3 km (206.5 mi). At San Pedro de las Colonias, an additional 18.7 km (11.6 mi) spur reconnects Federal Highway 30 with Mexican Federal Highway 40 in La Cuchilla, Coahuila.

</doc>
<doc id="20648490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648490" title="Haad">
Haad

Haad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648491" title="Mexican Federal Highway 87">
Mexican Federal Highway 87

Mexican Federal Highway 87 ("Carretera Federal 87" or "Carretera Tula-Huehuetoca") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway begins in the north in Tula, Hidalgo at the "Libramiento" (Tula Beltway). The highway travels east for about 3.25 km (2 mi) then turns toward the south until it ends in Jorobas, State of Mexico at Mexican Federal Highway 57D toll road. The total distance of Mexican Federal Highway 87 is 37.7 km (23.4 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20648493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648493" title="Mexican Federal Highway 34">
Mexican Federal Highway 34

Mexican Federal Highway 34 ("Carretera Federal 34", locally as "Carretera Rodeo-Nazas" and "Carretera Nazas-Cuatillos") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway starts in the west about 5 km (3.1 mi) south of Rodeo, Durango along Mexican Federal Highway 45 and travels east then northeast towards the city of Nazas. From Nazas, the highway travels east until just before it reaches the western portion of Presa Francisco Zarco lake; from there, the highway travels southeast, traversing Mexican Federal Highway 40 and ending in Pedriceña. The total distance of Mexican Federal Highway 34 is 98 km (61 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20648494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648494" title="Hugues de Pairaud">
Hugues de Pairaud

Hugues de Pairaud (Visitor of the Temple) was one of the leaders of the Knights Templar. He and Geoffroi de Gonneville (the Preceptor of Aquitaine) were sentenced to life imprisonment on March 18, 1314. They were spared the fate of Jacques de Molay (Grand Master) and Geoffroi de Charney (Preceptor of Normandy), who were both burned at the stake, because they accepted their sentence in silence.
In 1297 de Pairaud contested the election of Jacques de Molay as grand master.
In 1304 Pairaud supported Philip IV against Boniface VIII.
The charges.
The charges brought against Hugues de Pairaud are similar to those brought against all the others during the Knights Templar Trial.
Pairaud was implicated in the worship of false idols by Raoul de Gizy, who claimed to have seen a mysterious head in seven Templar houses, some of them held by Hugues de Pairaud.
Pairaud was accused of taking Jean de Cugy "behind an altar and kissing him on the base of the spine and the navel." De Cugy also claimed that Pairaud had threatened him with life imprisonment if he did not deny Christ and spit on a cross, and that Pairaud had told him that it was permissible for brothers to have sexual intercourse with other brothers (sodomy).

</doc>
<doc id="20648501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648501" title="Mexican Federal Highway 37">
Mexican Federal Highway 37

Mexican Federal Highway 37 ("Carretera Federal 37") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Villa de Zaragoza, San Luis Potosí at its northern end to Playa Azul, Michoacán, located near the Pacific Ocean, at its southern end. It crosses Mexican Federal Highway 14 at Uruapan in Michoacán state.
Federal Highway 37 is split into two segments: the first segment travels from Villa de Zaragoza to San Felipe, Guanajuato. The second segments travels from Manuel Doblado, Guanajuato to Playa Azul at Mexican Federal Highway 200. The two segments are connected via Guanajuato Highway 77 and Mexican Federal Highway 84-Jalisco Highway 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20648504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648504" title="Qapanlı">
Qapanlı

Qapanlı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648506" title="Mexican Federal Highway 41">
Mexican Federal Highway 41

Mexican Federal Highway 41 ("Carretera Federal 41") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway starts in the west at a junction with Mexican Federal Highway 37 about south-southwest of Manuel Doblado, Guanajuato. The highway travels east-northeast for before heading mostly south for toward Cuerámaro. From Cuerámaro, FH 41 travels east-southeast until reaching its eastern terminus at Mexican Federal Highway 90 in the locale of Munguia, Guanajuato. The highway's eastern terminus is southwest of Irapuato, Guanajuato.

</doc>
<doc id="20648511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648511" title="Mexican Federal Highway 43">
Mexican Federal Highway 43

Mexican Federal Highway 43 ("Carretera Federal 43") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.
Federal Highway 43 connects the city of Salamanca, Guanajuato in the north to the capital of Michoacán, Morelia in the south. Near Morelia it begins as a highway to cross the bridge over Lake Cuitzeo, just north of the intersection of Mexican Federal Highway 15. From there it is a narrow road and is 2 lanes wide in places. The highway connects the cities of Cuitzeo, Moroleón, Uriangato and Valle de Santiago. A motorway fee is now charged.

</doc>
<doc id="20648516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648516" title="Mexican Federal Highway 44">
Mexican Federal Highway 44

Mexican Federal Highway 44 ("Carretera Federal 44") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Fresnillo in the northeast to Valparaíso in the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20648522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648522" title="Mexican Federal Highway 49">
Mexican Federal Highway 49

Mexican Federal Highway 49 ("Carretera Federal 49") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway runs northwest-southeast in the western regions of the Mexican Plateau.
Federal Highway 49 has two segments: The first segment travels from Ciudad Jiménez, Chihuahua to just northwest of Fresnillo, Zacatecas. The highway is co-signed with Mexican Federal Highway 40 for 104.6 km (65 mi) from Gómez Palacio to Cuencamé.
The second segment travels from Las Arcinas, Zacatecas to San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí.

</doc>
<doc id="20648529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648529" title="Mexican Federal Highway 51">
Mexican Federal Highway 51

Mexican Federal Highway 51 ("Carretera Federal 51") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. Mexican Federal Highway 51 has two segments: the first segment travels from Ojuelos de Jalisco to Maravatío, Michoacán. The length of the first segment is 309.41 km (192.26 mi). The second segment travels from Zitácuaro, Michoacán to Iguala, Guerrero. The length of the second segment is 399.05 km (247.96 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20648533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648533" title="Alan Brown (filmmaker)">
Alan Brown (filmmaker)

Alan Brown is an award winning American director and author.
Filmmaker.
Brown's first film, the half-hour narrative "O Beautiful", won the Future Filmmaker Award at the 2002 Palm Springs International Short Film Festival, and was an official selection of the 2003 Sundance Film Festival. Singled out by critics as "powerful and ultimately beautiful", and "a rare piece of film making", it is available on the Strand Releasing DVD, "".
Brown's feature debut, "Book of Love", which stars Simon Baker, Frances O'Connor, Gregory Smith, and Bryce Dallas Howard, was praised by critics for its "creepy eroticism and sly intelligence", and as "a movie that feels about as real as it's possible to be". It premiered in the Dramatic Competition at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival, and was broadcast on Showtime, the Sundance Channel, and Starz. The DVD was released by Sundance Channel Home Entertainment.
His second feature film, "Superheroes", the story of an Iraq War veteran with posttraumatic stress disorder, has been described by critics as "wrenching" and "brimming with rare compassion". It was the winner of numerous prizes, including the Feature Filmmaker’s Award at the 2007 Avignon/New York Film Festival, the Maverick Spirit Award at the 2008 Cinequest Film Festival, Special Jury Mention at the Austin Film Festival 2008, and both the Narrative Feature and Best Film Awards at the 2008 Brooklyn Arts Council International Film Festival.
Brown's third feature, "Private Romeo" is a contemporary adaptation of Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" set in an all-male high school military academy. The film stars New York stage actors Seth Numrich, Matt Doyle, and Hale Appleman. Singled out by critics for being "hugely adventurous and highly liberated," "Private Romeo" was a New York Times Critics Pick and won a Grand Jury Prize at Outfest 2011.
Brown's most recent narrative feature film "Five Dances" was shot in New York City in the winter of 2012. Set in the downtown modern dance world, "Five Dances" features some of New York's most talented dancers performing choreography by Jonah Bokaer. The film was released in June, 2013 (at least in Paris, France).
Brown currently has several film projects in various stages of development, including "Swan Lake", a thriller set in a small college town, and an adaptation of his novel "Audrey Hepburn's Neck", which is set in Japan.
Writer.
Brown is also the author of the novel "Audrey Hepburn's Neck", which was translated into eight languages and won the Pacific Rim Book Prize. The recipient of National Endowment for the Arts and New York Foundation for the Arts fellowships, he was also awarded a Fulbright Fellowship in Journalism to Japan, where he lived for seven years. He has been the recipient of many artist residency fellowships, including those to the MacDowell Colony, Yaddo, Ucross Foundation, and Edward Albee Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20648534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648534" title="One Summer">
One Summer

One Summer is a 1983 British television drama serial written by Willy Russell and directed by Gordon Flemyng. It stars David Morrissey and Spencer Leigh as two 16 year old Liverpool boys from broken homes who escape from their lives by running away to Wales one summer. It also starred James Hazeldine and Ian Hart (credited in the series as Ian Davies). The series was shown in five 50-minute episodes on Channel 4 from 7 August to 4 September 1983. It was repeated on ITV in April 1985.
Synopsis.
16 year old Billy Rizley (Morrissey) comes from a broken home. His father is absent, his older sister hates him, and his mother suffers from mental health problems and is unable (or unwilling) to care for him. Billy and his friend Icky (Leigh) have truanted from school for some time and have fallen into a life of deliquency, constantly getting into trouble with local gangs and the police. When the pair decide to go back into school in order to go on a school camping trip to Wales, they are refused by their teacher. With no direction or prospects in life, the pair decide to run away to Wales by themselves, the last place Billy had any happy memories when he went away on a previous school trip some years earlier. Upon their arrival, they almost immediately get into trouble with the local police but escape arrest. They stay the night in a barn at a secluded farm, but are caught by the farmer and his wife. Though they take pity on the two boys and let them spend the night, in the morning Billy and Icky make a quick getaway from the farmhouse when the police arrive.
Wandering through the Welsh countryside, they come across an old cottage which they believe is deserted. Hoping to find shelter inside, they come face to face with Kidder (Hazeldine), the man who lives there. Kidder lives the life of a hermit, preferring to keep himself to himself. Completely self-sufficient, he works as an artist, selling his paintings at a local market, and grows his own food. He reluctantly allows the boys to stay for a night but tells them they have to leave after that. Hoping to change Kidder's mind, the boys begin to do chores around the house and the grounds outside, but Icky breaks all of Kidder's plates by skimming them off the stream when he is supposed to be washing them. The boys set out to find replacement plates but have no money, and so they steal them from a nearby house. When they return they find a gang of locals youths vandalising Kidder's house. They chase them off, and eventually Kidder agrees to let them stay, but Billy is later beaten up by the local gang. Meanwhile, Kidder discovers Icky is illiterate and, being a former schoolteacher, begins teaching him how to read.
While Billy and Kidder are away at the local market, Icky goes out on his own and finds the boys from his school at the camp site that he and Billy had come to Wales to find. However, when he brings the boys back to Kidder's house, they get drunk and wreck the house. One of the boys, Rabbit (Hart), steals Kidder's money from a drawer. Meanwhile at the market, Billy meets Jo, a pretty local girl from a middle-class family. When Billy gets back to the house, he finds Icky sleeping off a hangover and Kidder's money gone. They go to the camp site and get the money back, threatening Rabbit not to reveal to anyone where they are living. Kidder gives the boys handmade books about their adventures, and the three go to a local dance, where Billy sees Jo again. As they begin a romantic relationship, Icky grows restless and returns to Liverpool alone. 
Back in Liverpool, Icky and the gang from school steal a car and drive to Southport. There, they find themselves caught in an ambush by a rival gang, and Rabbit accidentally stabs one of the boys. Icky abandons the gang at the Southport funfair and tries to drive back to Wales, but he is chased by a police car and is killed when he crashes the stolen car. Back in Wales, the local police come looking for Billy at Kidder's house. As Billy is hiding from them, he overhears their conversation and learns that Kidder is gay and once had an affair with one of the 18 year old pupils (at that time, an offence) at the school where he worked and served a prison sentence for it. Billy runs away from Kidder's house and finds Jo, and the two make love near a lake. When he later returns to the house, he sees two police officers from Liverpool who have come to take him back. They begin assaulting Kidder to make him tell them where Billy is. Rather than run away, Billy comes to Kidder's defence and stops the police from hurting him further. Billy is then taken back to his grim life in Liverpool by the police officers, his summer in Wales over.
Production.
Produced by Yorkshire Television, the series was filmed from April to October 1982 in Liverpool, Yorkshire and Wales. 
Willy Russell had his name removed from the credits after disagreements with the producers, particularly taking umbrage to the casting of Morrissey and Leigh whom he considered too old to portray the 16-year-old lead characters (they were 18 and 19 respectively at the time of filming). However, when the series was repeated on ITV in 1985, Russell's screen credit had been restored. In recent years, Russell has stated his intention to write a film adaptation, though this never came to pass.
DVD release.
"One Summer" was released on DVD in 2006 by Network DVD. The two-disc set includes all five episodes and commentaries and interviews with Morrissey, Leigh and Hart.

</doc>
<doc id="20648535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648535" title="Mexican Federal Highway 52">
Mexican Federal Highway 52

Mexican Federal Highway 52 ("Carretera Federal 52") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648544" title="Mexican Federal Highway 55">
Mexican Federal Highway 55

Mexican Federal Highway 55 ("Carretera Federal 55") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway connects Puerta de Palmillas, Querétaro to the north and Axixintla, Guerrero to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648547" title="Mexican Federal Highway 57">
Mexican Federal Highway 57

Mexican Federal Highway 57 ("Carretera Federal 57") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.
The 1301.83 km (808.92 mi) highway connects Mexico City with Piedras Negras, Coahuila. This road links many major highways in the country, forming the backbone of the road network in Mexico. In the eastern Mexican Plateau, (the western foothills of Sierra Madre Oriental), FH 57 connects San Luis Potosí in the south to Monclova, and points north. The road passes through the following states and cities:
Federal District.
Note: As highway 57-D, Autopista Chamapa-La Venta skirts the western edge of Greater Mexico City through the State of Mexico and the western Federal District.

</doc>
<doc id="20648551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648551" title="Mexican Federal Highway 61">
Mexican Federal Highway 61

Mexican Federal Highway 61 ("Carretera Federal 61") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648554" title="Mexican Federal Highway 62">
Mexican Federal Highway 62

Mexican Federal Highway 62 ("Carretera Federal 62") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from San Tiburcio, Zacatecas to Matehuala, San Luis Potosí.

</doc>
<doc id="20648559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648559" title="Mexican Federal Highway 63">
Mexican Federal Highway 63

Mexican Federal Highway 63 ("Carretera Federal 63") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway connects the cities of Matehuala, San Luis Potosí and Mexquitic, San Luis Potosí.

</doc>
<doc id="20648563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648563" title="Mexican Federal Highway 64">
Mexican Federal Highway 64

Mexican Federal Highway 64 ("Carretera Federal 64") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648573" title="Mexican Federal Highway 68">
Mexican Federal Highway 68

Mexican Federal Highway 68 ("Carretera Federal 68") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway 
connects Novillero, Nayarit in the west near the Pacific Ocean to Mexican Federal Highway 15.

</doc>
<doc id="20648580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648580" title="Mexican Federal Highway 69">
Mexican Federal Highway 69

Mexican Federal Highway 69 ("Carretera Federal 69") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway connects Mexican Federal Highway 70 in Rioverde, San Luis Potosí to Mexican Federal Highway 120 in Jalpan de Serra, Querétaro.

</doc>
<doc id="20648584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648584" title="Mexican Federal Highway 70">
Mexican Federal Highway 70

Mexican Federal Highway 70 ("Carretera Federal 70") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from its western end at Mexican Federal Highway 54 in Jalpa, Zacatecas to its eastern end at Mexican Federal Highway 80 and Mexican Federal Highway 180 in Tampico, Tamaulipas.

</doc>
<doc id="20648586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648586" title="Stanley Kubrick's Boxes">
Stanley Kubrick's Boxes

"Stanley Kubrick's Boxes" is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jon Ronson about the film director Stanley Kubrick. Ronson's intent was not to create a biography of the filmmaker but rather to understand Kubrick by studying the director's vast personal collection of memorabilia related to his feature films. The documentary came about in 1998 when Ronson received a request from Kubrick's estate for a copy of a documentary Ronson made about the Holocaust (Ronson was unaware that it was Kubrick who was asking for the film until months later). A year later, as Ronson was making plans to conduct a rare interview with the director, Kubrick suddenly died after completing work on his final film "Eyes Wide Shut". To his surprise, Ronson was invited to Kubrick's house by his widow. When he arrived at the house he found that half the house was filled by over one thousand boxes, each containing snap shots, newspaper clippings, film out-takes, notes, and fan letters which the director used for research towards each of his films.

</doc>
<doc id="20648588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648588" title="Mexican Federal Highway 71">
Mexican Federal Highway 71

Mexican Federal Highway 71 ("Carretera Federal 71") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway contains two segments: The first segment travels from Mexican Federal Highway 45 at Luis Moya, Zacatecas in the north to Providencia, Aguascalientes in the south. The second segment travels from San Felipe, Aguascalientes in the north to Villa Hidalgo, Jalisco in the south. The highway continues on from Villa Hidalgo to Teocaltiche as Jalisco State Route 211.

</doc>
<doc id="20648589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648589" title="Qapanlı, Tartar">
Qapanlı, Tartar

Qapanlı, Tartar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648590" title="Trials of the Knights Templar">
Trials of the Knights Templar

The Knights Templar trace their beginnings to the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem in when eight Christian knights, under the auspices of King Baldwin II and the Patriarch Warmund, were given the task of protecting pilgrims on the roads to Jerusalem. This they did for nine years until elevated to a military order at the Council of Troyes in 1129. They became an elite fighting force in the Crusades known for their propensity not to retreat or surrender.
Eventually, their rules of secrecy, their power, privileges and their wealth, made them vulnerable to the King of France’s accusations, and with the Pope’s unsuccessful attempts to prevent it, their destruction. The Templar leader, Master Jacques de Molay had recently come to France for meetings with the pope. In 1307, members of the Templar order in France were suddenly charged with heresy and arrested. In France, many ultimately, including their leader, were burned at the stake while others were sentenced to perpetual imprisonment. The events in France led to a series of trials in other locations, not all of which had the same outcome.
Humble origins.
The Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Jesus Christ, commonly known as the Knights Templar, originally began c.1120, when a group of eight Christian Knights approached Warmund, Patriarch of Jerusalem and requested permission to defend the Kingdom of Jerusalem. Baldwin II of Jerusalem gave them quarters in the Temple of Solomon. Hugues de Payens was elected their master and the Patriarch Warmund charged them with the duty of keeping the roads safe from thieves and others who were routinely robbing and killing pilgrims en route to Jerusalem. This they did for nine years until the Council of Troyes in 1129, when they became a military order sanctioned by the Church encouraged substantially by the patronage of Bernard of Clairvaux, a leading churchman of the time. The Rule of the Order was based on that of the Cistercian Order, that of obedience, poverty and chastity. Their role was eventually expanded to fight in the Crusades. The Crusades wound down, and were eventually expelled from the area.
Throughout these years, the Templar Order became wealthy and powerful. They received massive donations of money, manors, churches, even villages and the revenues thereof, from Kings and European nobles interested in helping with the fight for the Holy Land. The Templars, by order of the Pope, were exempt from all taxes, tolls and tithes, their houses and churches were given the right to asylum and were exempt from feudal obligations. They were answerable only to the Pope.
Events in France.
Prelude.
While the Templars had started off well and were at times considered the model of Christian knighthood, it wasn’t long before resentment of their privileges, of their being "rich as kings", and criticism of some of their actions in war began to surface. For example at the siege of Damascus in 1148, the Templars as well as the Hospitallers were accused of accepting bribes to convince Conrad III of Germany to abandon the effort. There was other criticism of their actions as well. Following the disastrous battle at the Horns of Hattin and the subsequent fall of Jerusalem, which some blamed on the Templars; they were left with almost no discernible military purpose in the Holy Land. Other critics also questioned their morals. The chronicler William of Tyre was often critical of the order and in one instance accused them of ransoming Nasr-al-Din, the sultan's son for sixth thousand gold florins. When the Grand Master Odo de St Amand died in 1179, William called him "a wicked man, haughty and arrogant, in whose nostrils dwelt the spirit of a fury, one who neither feared God nor revered man" and that he was "mourned by no one." When the Templars took up banking and lending the criticism only increased. Both Walter Map and John of Salisbury accused the Templars of avarice. Matthew Paris sometimes praised them while at other times was severely critical of the Templars. The loss of the last foothold in Syria, Tortosa in 1302, was yet another failure that left them vulnerable to their critics. As the obvious surprise and shock of their arrests in 1307 indicate, nobody thought the Order was flawed to the point it needed disbanding.
During this time period the power of the papacy had declined and most of the popes of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries found themselves either fleeing Rome or not allowed to enter at all. Also at this time antipopes backed by the German Emperors were common fixtures in the Emperors' bitter struggle with the Church. One of the last thirteenth century popes was Peter Morrone, an old man selected to be pope as a compromise, who as Pope Celestine V proved too old and too ineffective to rule the Church and upon realizing this himself, he abdicated. This caused a tremendous protest throughout the western Church and had a divisive effect on the next pope, Boniface VIII. Pope Boniface was in many ways the opposite of his predecessor in that he was very capable, determined and even bold, but many held that a pope could not abdicate and that Celestine remained the true pope. Boniface in turn captured the old pope, who had sought nothing more than to retire in peace, imprisoning him until his death in 1296. Boniface VIII continued to impose his control on secular authorities, Edward I of England and Philip IV of France, who both protested against his authority, but Philip IV of France proved his most formidable opponent. Philip attempted to tax the church which Boniface refused beginning a long series of struggles between the two. Finally in 1303 Guillaume de Nogaret, Philip IV's lawyer drew up a list of 29 charges including black magic, sodomy, heresy and blasphemy against Pope Boniface. In turn Boniface announced that he intended to place the kingdom of France under interdict. This threat to Philip might lead to revolution so de Nogaret and Sciarra Colonna leading a force of 1600 men attacked Anagni, where the pope was in residence, captured Boniface and for three days held him prisoner. After four days however the residents of Anagni rose up and expelled the invaders and took Boniface to Rome in triumph. But the ordeal had been too much for the 86 year old pope and he died days later. Philip IV was determined not to have a pope interfere with his plans again and after a year the conclave was still unable to decide so an outsider was suggested in the person of Bernard de Goth, Archbishop of Bordeaux. He had been a supporter of Boniface but Philip arranged a meeting promising to support him as pope if he would certain conditions including reconciliations between France and the Church and absolution for any of Philip's men who had fought and captured Boniface. Bernard de Goth became Pope Clement V on 14 November 1305.
Philip IV of France, like his predecessors, employed Templars in his royal treasury in Paris to oversee a variety of financial functions of the French kingdom. There was little to indicate he had less than full trust in their integrity. In 1299, the Order loaned Philip the substantial sum of five hundred thousand livres for the dowry of his sister as well as his need of funds to fight the Flemish War at which time he imposed taxes until his subjects were in revolt. When he debased the coinage, it led to an insurrection in Paris. The Knight Templars defended and gave the king refuge during the incident. But Philip had a history of seizing property and persons when it suited his needs, the Lombards in 1291 and the Jews in 1306. In a meeting between Grand Master Molay and the pope, in either March or April of 1307, the discussion revolved around problems in the order. In turn, in a letter to the King, Clement V told Philip that he intended a full investigation of the Templar order "super statu templi" (Latin: on the state of the Templars) in mid-October later that year. About a week before his planned formal investigation Clement V received a surprising message that members of the order had been arrested, imprisoned and charged with heresy by an inquisition the pope had not convened.
Plan and the arrest.
On 14 September 1307 all bailiffs and seneschals in the kingdom of France were sent secret orders from King Philip IV ordering preparations to be made for the arrest and imprisonment of all members of the Order of Templars; the actual arrests were to be executed a month later. At dawn on October 13, 1307, the soldiers of King Philip IV then captured all Templars found in France. Clement V, initially incensed at this flagrant disregard for his authority nonetheless relented and on November 22, 1307, issued a papal decree, ordering all monarchs of the Christian faith to arrest all Templars and confiscate their lands in the name of the Pope and the Church. The order went out to England, Iberia, Germany, Italy and Cyprus. The leader, Templar Grand Master Jacques de Molay, and Hughes de Pairaud, a Templar, referred to in various documents as "the visitor of France", and was the collector of all of the royal revenues of France owing to the Order, as well as many other Templars in France were arrested.
Philip used his ministers and agents Guillaume de Nogaret and Enguerrand de Marigny who collected a list of charges against the Templars. Other witnesses were said to have been made up of expelled Templar members, previously removed for their misdeeds. Under the orders of the French king, they were arrested and severely tortured.
Soon after, in 1307, the Pope sent two Cardinals to interview Jacques de Molay and Hugues de Pairaud. At that time they recanted their confessions and told the other Templars to do the same.
The specific charge of heresy.
Several significant changes in legal procedures had been made by 1230 that affected later trials, especially those of the Templars. No longer did a witness need fear reprisals if his accusations were proved untrue. Instead, a new system relying on the testimony of witnesses, judicial latitudes and the inquisitorial procedure began to dominate criminal trials in most of Europe. In France, the issuance of "Cupientes" in 1229 by Louis IX of France, Philip's grandfather, gave the kings of France the duty to eliminate heresy in his kingdom. Additionally, from 1230 on, the inquisitors in northern Italy had been given special powers by Pope Honorius III which allowed them to examine even the exempted and protected orders of the Hospitallers, Cistercians and Templars, but only in cases where heresy was suspected. When the Albigensian Crusade was over, these special powers were never revoked but simply forgotten. So Philip's royal lawyers concentrated their charges to this one vulnerable exception, that of heresy, to an otherwise untouchable order, one which answered only to the pope.
Charges against the Templars.
So the initial charge against the Templars was heresy; more specifically "when professing, the brothers were required to deny Christ, to spit on the Cross, and to place three 'obscene kisses' on the lower spine, the navel and the mouth; they were obliged to indulge in carnal relations with other members of the order, if requested; and finally they wore a small belt which had been consecrated by touching a strange idol, with looked like a human head with a long beard." On August 12, 1308, the charges would be increased stating that the Templars worshipped idols, specifically made of a cat and a head, the latter having three faces. The lists of articles 86 to 127 would add many other charges. It should be noted that none of these "idols" were ever produced.
The inquisitional trials.
Of the various trials held in France the first, and one of the larger trials, ran from 19 October to 24 November 1307 and was held in Paris. A total of 138 prisoners gave a full testimony and almost all admitted guilt to one or more charges. Since torture was used to elicit these confessions, the reliability of their testimony before this and other inquisitional tribunals remains an open question. What is known is these earlier confessions contradicted later testimony before the 1310 papal commissions in Paris. Another important trial was that held at Poitiers between 28 June and 2 July 1308 where at least 54 Templars testified before the pope and his commission of cardinals. Here too a considerable number of defendants confessed to one or more of the charges. When asked if their statements were freely given many said that, while they had been tortured or threatened, restricted to bread and water and other forms of harsh treatments had been imposed on them, their confessions were not the results of any torture. But in 1310 at least three said they had lied in front of the Pope and now wished to defend the order.
Templar Peter (Pierre) of Bologna was trained as a canon lawyer and was the Templar representative to the papal court in Rome. On April 23, 1310, Peter, with others, went before the commission and demanded what amounts to full disclosure of their accusers and all the information and evidence gathered in the case. They also requested a ban on witnesses conversing with one another, and that all proceedings should be kept secret until they were sent to the Pope. In May 1310, the Archbishop of Sens, Philippe de Marigny, took over the trial of the Templars from the original commission. Pope Clement V interceded and directed that actual trials take place; however, Philip sought to thwart this effort, and had several Templars burned at the stake as heretics to prevent their participation in the trials. Two days after this change, 54 Templars were burned outside of Paris. When the papal commission met on November 3, 1310, they found the Templars had no defenders and adjourned until December 27. At this time the prisoners insisted that Peter de Bologna and Renaud de Provins again defend them but were told the two priests had appeared before the commission of the Archbishop of Sens and that both de Pruno and de Bologna were found guilty and had been imprisoned. Peter de Bologna, however, had managed to escape his confinement.
Recantation and death of Templar leaders in France.
Eventually King Philip's Inquisitors succeeded in making Jacques de Molay confess to the charges. On 18 March 1314, de Molay and de Charney, recanted their confessions, stating they were innocent of the charges and they were only guilty of betraying their Order by confessing under duress to something they had not done. They were immediately found guilty of being relapsed heretics, for which the punishment was death. This effectively silenced the other Templars. Philip continued to pressure and threaten the Pope to officially disband the Order, and things came to a dramatic end in 1314 with the public execution by burning of leader Jacques de Molay, and Geoffroi de Charney.
Outcome.
After commissions of the Council of Vienne had reviewed all documents regarding the Templars, on 22 March 1312 Clement V issued the Papal bull "Vox in excelso" suppressing the Order of the Templars. In May of 1312 by the bull "Ad Providam" provided that all assets of the Order of the Temple were to be given to Knights Hospitaller, to maintain the original purposes of the gifts to aid the Holy Land. It further made a distinction between Templars who remained unrepentant and those not found guilty of any crimes or who had been reconciled to the Church. Philip IV, however, confiscated a huge sum from them in "compensation" for the "costs" of the proceedings against the Templars. Also, in England where inventories were made of Templar lands and assets, the papal order had no immediate effect. There were so many delays and stalling in handing over these lands that even as late as 1338 the Hospitallers had only nominal control of former Templar lands.
Trials in England, Ireland and Scotland.
In 1307, the Templar Order in the British Isles was thought to be rich in possessions but few in members. At the time of the arrest of the Templars in France, Edward II doubted the accusations against the Order and summoned Guienne de Dene, his seneschal in Agen to give his account of the matter. Upon reading the report Edward was still unconvinced and on October 30 sent letters to the Pope, the Kings of Portugal, Castile, Aragon and Sicily defending the Order of the Templars and encouraged them to do the same. Edward then wrote again to the Pope on December 10 in which he states: ""...he is unable to credit the horrible charges against the Knights Templar who everywhere bear a good name in England"". He also requests more proof of the accusations and noted that the financial and other dealings between the English Monarchy and the Templars had always been straightforward and honest, they fought alongside King Richard in the defense of the Holy Land. On December 20, 1307, he received the Order from the Pope to arrest the Templars. Edward finally issued orders to his officers to arrest all Templars in England, Ireland and Scotland, and to confiscate and inventory all their properties. But despite the Pope's Order, Edward went about the handling of the Templars in a very different way than Philip. Many Templars were allowed an easy confinement, received allowances and remained in relative comfort. In 1308 the situation changed with the exile of Edward's favorite, Piers Gaveston. Edward requested help from both Clement V and Philip IV in order to have Gaveston returned to England. In turn it was perhaps more than coincidental he hardened his attitude towards the Templars.
On September 13, 1309, two Inquisitors were brought to England and allowed to question the Templars but in the presence of English prelates and as of November 1309, none of the Templars would confess to the charges. At that time torture was rarely used in England, the legal system was well-formed and used regular jurors as opposed to the "professional witness, accusers and jurors" frequently used by Philip as tools to enforce his will. In December, the Pope put pressure on England and other countries to allow the Inquisitors to use "their" methods, namely "torture", and reluctant approval was given by the King of England. The conditions that the Templars were living in were radically changed and, as with continued pressure by the Pope and Inquisition on the King and local prelates, the inevitable result was obtained. The English Templars were sent to the Count of Ponthieu which did not adhere to English Law. Various confessions, different in many ways, were nonetheless obtained and the Templars were either executed or sent to prison for life.
The examinations held in Scotland and Ireland produced little tangible results. Two Templars, both from England, were examined by the Bishop of St. Andrews in Scotland and ended up with confessions of minor offenses, while in Ireland, fourteen Templars subjected to three trials netted likewise minor confessions that amounted to nothing.
Trials in Cyprus.
The Templars, along with the Hospitallers had moved their main bases of operations to Cyprus after the fall of Acre in 1291. The Hospitallers, however, attacked and in 1308 captured the island of Rhodes and moved their headquarters there leaving Cyprus to the Templars. This made Cyprus of particular importance to the pope since it was now the Templar base of operations. In May 1308 a letter from the pope was brought to Cyprus by Prior Hayden which ordered the arrest of all the Templars on the island. Amalric, Prince of Tyre was ruling Cyprus at the time and had overthrown his brother Henry II of Cyprus with the help of the Templars. Amalric was slow to implement the arrests giving the Templar knights ample time to prepare their defenses. But in June the Templars surrendered, their properties and treasure seized, and they were held at Khirokitia and later Yermasoyia, then finally Lefkara, where they remained for three years. May of 1310 found king Henry II restored to his throne and unlike his brother he complied with the pope's demands to bring them to trial. They seemed to have received a fair trial in spite of Henry II's dislike for the order. All seventy-six Templars denied the charges and numerous witnesses testified as to their innocence. The trials ended in acquitting all Templars of all charges. The pope demanded Henry II hold new trials and sent a personal delegate, Dominic of Palestrina to insure the pope's wishes were carried out. The result of the 1311 trials was not recorded but they were still in prison when the pope decreed the order to disband the order and transfer all their possessions to the Hospitallers. But the Hospitallers received the properties only, the treasure and movable goods were retained by Cypriot authorities to cover the unusually high costs of the trials. The leaders were never released and died in prison.
Events in Germany.
The records in Germany of Templars, not nearly as numerous in Germany as in France, drew little attention in German annals and chronicles. Proving how little was actually known in Germany regarding the demise of the Templars, one annalist recorded the Templars were destroyed, with the approval of Emperor Henry, for their collusion with the Saracens and for the reason they intended to establish a new empire for themselves. The writers weren't even aware of the actual charges leveled by Philip IV of France. But in a letter by the German king, Albert I of Germany dated 13 January 1308 replying to Philip IV of France, the king expressed himself regarding the arrests of the Templars. He wrote 'although a crime of such evil infamy ought to be reprehensible and damnable in all persons, nevertheless it is known to be more reprehensible among the religious, who ought by the splendour of their life to be mirror for others and an example'.
The actions taken against Templars in Germany varied by provence. Burchard III of Magdeburg, already hostle towards Templars, returned from the papal court in 1307 reinstated to Christiandom by Pope Clement, and in 1308, ordered the Templars in his province seized. He had some Templars burned and then attempted to keep their property for himself which led to a war with the Templars. In 1318, the Hospitallers had still not received the Templar property from him and as Clement was dead, they complained to Pope John XXII. Despite the orders of the papal bull issued in 1307, and other than the events in Magdeburgh, the papal orders received little attention in Germany. At times witnesses found the Templars innocent though the Pope was adamant.
In 1310 at Treves near Luxembourg, an inquest with seventeen witnesses was heard which including three Templars. Though their property was seized they were acquitted. At Mainz, the Templars leaders testified that since the crosses on the mantle of the Templars did not burn, it was a miracle and a sign of their innocence. Despite mounting pressure, popular opinion stayed with the Templars. Though they were told by the Pope to go back and do their work, the result again was acquittal.
Events in Spain and Portugal.
After the infamous trials of the Templars in France and the subsequent orders of Pope Clement V to dissolve the order, most countries complied, ceding Templar lands to the Hospitallers. Kings Denis of Portugal and James II of Aragon both proclaimed they found no fault of heresy, blasphemy or immorality in the Templars in their respective realms. This was not surprising since the Templars had become key to the success of the Reconquista in Spain and Portugal and their vast holdings were critical to the continued security of these kingdoms. Ceding the Templar holdings to the Hospitallers posed a threat of foreign control of significant portions of both countries. Both kings sought to circumvent these outcomes and in Spain James II convinced Pope John XXII in 1317 to form the Order of Montesa which received the bulk of Templar lands in Aragon and Valencia. In Portugal, the result of long negotiations with the pope by King Dinis resulted in the formation of another new order, the Order of Christ formed in 1320, which saw not only the vast holdings in Portugal ceded to this new order, but also a great number of Templars themselves quietly joined the order. The problems caused by the downfall of the Knights Templar Orders in Valencia and Portugal were solved by the creation of two new orders, the difference being the Order of Montessa was given Templar and Hospitaller lands while the Order of Christ was simply a transition of the Templars and their holdings in Portugal.
The Chinon Parchment.
Pope Clement V absolved 72 of the Knights Templar in July 1308 at Poitiers after hearing their confessions. However, King Philip still withheld access to the leaders of the Order and it was not until August 1308 that a papal commission finally was allowed to hear from them and also grant them absolution. The evidence of these hearings has been based on indirect evidence until the discovery of the Chinon parchment in September 2001 by Barbara Frale in the Vatican Archives. The document had been previously overlooked by Vatican researchers for some time due to its damaged condition and being misfiled among other unrelated documents. The importance of the Chinon parchment is that it is an authentic copy under the seal of three of the cardinals sent by Clement V, Bérenger Fredoli, Etienne de Suisy and Landolfo Brancacci, who were authorized to judge the Templars in his name. There was another account of the trials at Chinon, namely a second-hand report held in the French Chancery, described in the register of Pierre d'Étampes, which was the only available account up until the discovery of the original parchment (and its authentic copy) in the Vatican archives. A comparison between the two shows the French copy provides a somewhat different account of events at Chinon. The Chinon parchment shows the hearings were held by the Church "only" and that royal lawyers were not present, while the French document gives a different impression, that the official proceedings were held under the auspices of the Pope "and" the French king. Other discrepancies between the two lead to the conclusion that the French document was an indirect copy based on verbal accounts and not from having access to the original parchment. There is one unresolved question as to the chronology, however. In the bull "Faciens misericordiam" (showing mercy) the Clement V announced to Philip IV that Jacques de Molay and the other Templar leaders were absolved and reconciled to the Church; and that any power to judge them again was reserved to the Pope alone. This bull was dated 12 August 1308, eight days before the hearings with these leaders was actually held. Whether this was an internal error in dating or the Pope was certain of the outcome before the hearings is not known and needs to be investigated further. While it remains less than clear as to what exactly happened at Chinon castle between 17–20 August 1308, further investigations may provide new answers.

</doc>
<doc id="20648591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648591" title="Mexican Federal Highway 72">
Mexican Federal Highway 72

Mexican Federal Highway 72 ("Carretera Federal 72") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The entire length of the highway is within the Mexican state of Nayarit.

</doc>
<doc id="20648593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648593" title="Mexican Federal Highway 76">
Mexican Federal Highway 76

Mexican Federal Highway 76 ("Carretera Federal 76") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The entire length of the highway is within the Mexican state of Nayarit.

</doc>
<doc id="20648596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648596" title="Weld County School District Six">
Weld County School District Six

Weld County School District Six is a school district headquartered in Greeley, Colorado, United States. The district serves most of the City of Greeley, the City of Evans, the Town of Garden City, and unincorporated areas in Weld County, including Auburn.
Schools.
High schools.
Zoned schools

</doc>
<doc id="20648598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648598" title="Douan">
Douan

Douan, also known as Doyan, is a village in Astore District of Gilgit–Baltistan, Northern Pakistan. It is located in Astore Valley, at the base of the Himalayas. The road to the village famously has 24 uphill turns.
The village is divided into Ajjay Doyan and Khariyee Doyan districts.
All the basic facilities are available in the village. People are cultivating potatoes, wheat and corn. The village is rich for pastures and forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20648599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648599" title="Mexican Federal Highway 78">
Mexican Federal Highway 78

Mexican Federal Highway 78 ("Carretera Federal 78") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648604" title="Mexican Federal Highway 82">
Mexican Federal Highway 82

Mexican Federal Highway 82 ("Carretera Federal 82") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648605" title="Karmina">
Karmina

Karmina is an American pop/rock music duo of sister singer-songwriters Kelly Rudisill (lead vocals, harmonies, keyboards) and Kamille Rudisill (lead vocals, harmonies, guitars). Karmina means “song” in Latin. Kelly and Kamille write, sing, produce and perform music that springs entirely from their own creative designs.
Biography.
Kelly was born in USA and Kamille in England where both girls were raised before moving with their family to San Francisco. When the girls were only eight and ten years old, their mother enrolled them in the San Francisco Conservatory of Music where they took classes that included music theory, composition and classical voice training. They have one sister, Petra Karmina Rudisill, born 1997. They named the band after the Latin word "song", also Petra's middle name. 
Kelly was a skilled soccer player and made it to an Olympic development team. Kamille was winning dance competitions and sang classically; David Foster teamed her with Josh Groban to perform at fund-raising events.
Before long, Karmina was successfully competing in prestigious music competitions, among them, the John Lennon Songwriting Contest, ASCAP’s Lester Sill Songwriters’ Workshop, the San Francisco Concerto Orchestra Competition and the California State Vocal competition, which they won twenty-seven times.
Karmina’s first national exposure came when they won Disney Channel's "Two Hour Tour” competition which led to Darren Hayes of Savage Garden mentoring the girls and selecting them to open for his band in San Francisco at the Fillmore Auditorium.
After eight years in San Francisco, the girls moved to Los Angeles where they attended the Thornton School of Music at the University of Southern California, and earned bachelor of music degrees in music industry. Kelly went on to receive a Master’s Degree in Music Education, as well as a teaching credential.
Pre-Karmina, the duo also went by the names Kalabash and Kelly & Kamille. They ultimately settled on Karmina, which means “song” in Latin and is also the title of one of their favorite operas, “Carmina Burana” (or “Songs of Bayern”).
Career.
Karmina’s music education and hard work paid off when a copy of the band’s demo found its way to an executive at the newly formed CBS Records. The record company’s management team approached the duo in December 2006, laid out their vision for the new label and immediately offered Karmina a place on the roster.
Karmina was one of the first acts signed to the newly inaugurated CBS Records. They released their début album Backwards into Beauty (produced by Karmina and Guy Erez) in 2008. The title Backwards into Beauty, comes from a lyric in the album’s lead off track, “Satellites,” and it sums up the album’s overall concept. The album also features engineers, Stewart Cararas and Brian Yaskulka.
The group’s first single “The Kiss” deals with the theme of forbidden love which was influenced by Romeo and Juliet, paraphrases Shakespeare in its lyrics. "The Kiss" reached number 24 on Billboards adult contemporary charts. The music video for “The Kiss” includes footage of real-life couples who have had to overcome bigotry, the judgement of their friends and family, and the pressures of society. It also features comedian/actress/reality TV personality Amanda Ireton. The song has been released and were featured in several shows including 90210 and on the upcoming promo of which features the couple Danny Messer and Lindsay Monroe perhaps getting married. Also, Karmina's "The Whoa Song" was used where Danny and Lindsay had their first kiss at the end of season 2, but the scene was removed before the episode aired. The scene can be watched on-line, and is shown in a flashback when Danny and Lindsay get married.
Several of the songs from their album have been featured on network TV, including NCIS, Cane and NUMB3RS on CBS. The CW’s newly-revamped hit 90210 and Life Is Wild. Karmina was also featured on-camera performing their song “Walk You Home” on A&E’s hit series The Cleaner, starring Benjamin Bratt. They made their performing début on national broadcast television December 21, 2007, appearing with Sheryl Crow, Fergie, Carole King, James Blunt and Reba McEntire on the CBS holiday special, A Home For The Holidays, playing a song they wrote at the request of the producers.
Discography.
Backwards into Beauty (2008)
Karmina For Christmas - EP (2008)
New Moon: Songs For Bella - EP (2009)
A Karmina Christmas, With Bells On! (2009)
Rewriting Chapter 2 (2009)
Car Train Ship Plane (2011)

</doc>
<doc id="20648618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648618" title="Mexican Federal Highway 93">
Mexican Federal Highway 93

Mexican Federal Highway 93 ("Carretera Federal 93") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.
The highway has two segments that are maintained by the SCT of Mexico. The first segment starts south of Tehuixtla, Puebla in the north to Tulcingo del Valle, Puebla to the south. The total segment length is 43 km (27 mi). Between Tulcingo de Valle and Jilotepec, Guerrero, the highway is maintained as Puebla and Guerrero state routes. The second segment starts in Jilotepec in the northeast to Chilpancingo in the southwest. The total segment length is 235 km (146 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20648620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648620" title="Mexican Federal Highway 97">
Mexican Federal Highway 97

Mexican Federal Highway 97 ("Carretera Federal 97") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Reynosa, Tamaulipas in the north to Ampliación la Loma, Tamaulipas to the south. The southern terminus of the highway is just north of General Francisco Villa, Tamaulipas.

</doc>
<doc id="20648626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648626" title="Mexican Federal Highway 98">
Mexican Federal Highway 98

Mexican Federal Highway 98 ("Carretera Federal 98") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Minatitlán, Colima in the northeast to Pez Vela Junction, Colima to the southwest. From Minatitlán, the highway continues on as a Colima state route to the city of Colima.

</doc>
<doc id="20648630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648630" title="Mexican Federal Highway 100">
Mexican Federal Highway 100

Mexican Federal Highway 100 ("Carretera Federal 100") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648633" title="Mexican Federal Highway 105">
Mexican Federal Highway 105

Mexican Federal Highway 105 ("Carretera Federal 105") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Tempoal de Sánchez, Veracruz in the north to Pachuca, Hidalgo in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648635" title="Mexican Federal Highway 106">
Mexican Federal Highway 106

Mexican Federal Highway 106 ("Carretera Federal 106") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway is a short connector route that links Tres Marias, Morelos in the east to Santa Martha, State of Mexico in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648639" title="Mexican Federal Highway 110">
Mexican Federal Highway 110

Mexican Federal Highway 110 ("Carretera Federal 110") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648644" title="Mexican Federal Highway 111">
Mexican Federal Highway 111

Mexican Federal Highway 111 ("Carretera Federal 111") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway is a short connector route that links the Buenavista, Querétaro area at Mexican Federal Highway 57 in the east to San Miguel de Allende, Guanajuato in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648647" title="Mexican Federal Highway 113">
Mexican Federal Highway 113

Mexican Federal Highway 113 ("Carretera Federal 113") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Mexico City in the north to Oaxtepec, Morelos in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648649" title="Hageman">
Hageman

Hageman may refer to:
Places

</doc>
<doc id="20648651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648651" title="Mexican Federal Highway 115">
Mexican Federal Highway 115

Mexican Federal Highway 115 ("Carretera Federal 115") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Ixtapaluca, State of Mexico in the north to Izúcar de Matamoros, Puebla in the south. Mexican Federal Highway 115 is co-signed with Mexican Federal Highway 160 from Izúcar de Matamoros to north of Cuautla in Cuautlixco, Morelos.

</doc>
<doc id="20648657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648657" title="Mexican Federal Highway 116">
Mexican Federal Highway 116

Mexican Federal Highway 116 ("Carretera Federal 116") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648658" title="Mexican Federal Highway 117">
Mexican Federal Highway 117

Mexican Federal Highway 117 ("Carretera Federal 117") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Tlatempa, Tlaxcala in the north to San Martín Texmelucan, Puebla to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648663" title="Mexican Federal Highway 119">
Mexican Federal Highway 119

Mexican Federal Highway 119 ("Carretera Federal 119") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. Federal Highway 119 is split into two segments: the first segment travels from Tejocotal, Hidalgo in the north to Apizaco, Tlaxcala in the south. The second segment travels from Tlaxcala, Tlaxcala in the north to Puebla in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648668" title="Mexican Federal Highway 121">
Mexican Federal Highway 121

Mexican Federal Highway 121 ("Carretera Federal 121") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Apizaco, Tlaxcala in the north to Puebla, Puebla in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648672" title="Mexican Federal Highway 123">
Mexican Federal Highway 123

Mexican Federal Highway 123 ("Carretera Federal 123") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels entirely within the state of Veracruz from Orizaba in the north to Zongolica in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648677" title="Mexican Federal Highway 126">
Mexican Federal Highway 126

Mexican Federal Highway 126 ("Carretera Federal 126") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from El Oro de Hidalgo, State of Mexico in the east to Morelia, Michoacán in the west. The eastern portion of the highway continues on to Atlacomulco as Mexico State Highway 5. The two nearest Federal Highways to the eastern and western termini of Mexican Federal Highway 126 are Mexican Federal Highway 55 in Atlacomulco and Mexican Federal Highway 15 in Morelia.

</doc>
<doc id="20648683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648683" title="Mexican Federal Highway 127">
Mexican Federal Highway 127

Mexican Federal Highway 127 ("Carretera Federal 127") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. Federal Highway 127 is split into two segments: the first segment travels from Pánuco, Veracruz in the north to Tihuatlán in the south. The second segment travels from Poza Rica in the north to Maria de la Torre in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648688" title="Mexican Federal Highway 128">
Mexican Federal Highway 128

Mexican Federal Highway 128 ("Carretera Federal 128") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648690" title="Philadelphia Phillies (NFL)">
Philadelphia Phillies (NFL)

The Philadelphia Phillies were a professional American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1902. The team was member of what was referred to as the National Football League. This league has no connection with the National Football League of today. The whole league was a curious mixture of football players as well as baseball players who adapted to playing football. The Phillies were owned and financed by baseball's Philadelphia Phillies just as the owners of the Philadelphia Athletics financed their team, the Philadelphia Athletics. The Pittsburgh Stars made up the third team and was suspected of being financed by the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team.
History.
Origins.
The Phillies began as the Philadelphia Athletic Club in 1901. The team was more commonly called throughout Philadelphia as the Philadelphia Professionals or the Philadelphia Pros. It was the region's first entirely professional football squad. Wilson Wright, a Penn graduate, was the team's manager and chief financial backer. The team, led by Penn's Blondy Wallace, was largely made up of former Penn players along with a few veterans of such teams as the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club and the Latrobe Athletic Association.
1901.
Philadelphia opened its 1901 season with shut outs of the Conshohocken Tigers, the Orange Athletic Club, Susquehanna University and a tough squad from Lafayette College. Next Philadelphia had to play the 1901 Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team. Homestead was a successful team that gave up only seven points over a span of two seasons and was clearly the strongest of the many competitive teams of Western Pennsylvania. In fact Homestead was considered it the best professional team in the nation. This match-up was generally accepted as the professional championship of the United States. Both teams worked diligently to prepare for the game. However Philadelphia proved no match for the Homestead team and lost by a score of 18-0. The two teams then closed out their seasons in Pittsburgh the following Saturday. This time Philadelphia lost by a score of only 6-5. They held Homestead to a single touchdown and managed to score the only touchdown against the team in two seasons.
Phillies.
Although still lacking the established fan base of college football, Philadelphia Athletic Club benefited from being built on a strong foundation of well known local college talent. Philadelphia's first experience with pro football left fans in anticipation for the next season. This gained the attention of John Rogers, the owner of baseball's Philadelphia Phillies. In 1902 the war between baseball's well established National League and the new American League was really heating up. In an effort to get the upper hand in the battle for fans, Rogers took over the professional football club and renamed them the Phillies, after his baseball team. Blondy Wallace, who was a captain of the 1901 Pros team, left the team to join its cross town rival, the Athletics football team owned by baseball's Ben Shibe. The Phillies baseball manager, Bill Shettsline became the team's manager, while Ben Roller became the team's coach.
Both Rogers and Shibe knew that to lay claim to the "World Championship", they had to play a team from Pittsburgh, which was the focal point of football at the time. They called on pro football promoter Dave Berry and a Pittsburgh team was soon formed. These three teams are all that made up the first NFL. The league played all of its games on Saturdays, since there were no Sunday sports events according to Pennsylvania blue laws in 1902. The teams began playing various colleges and local football clubs before finally playing each other.
1902.
The Athletics had split on the 1902 season with the Phillies, as had the Pittsburgh Stars. However each team carried a record of 2-2 for league play, with a complete record of 8-3. Pittsburgh had by far the better point ratio, scoring 39 points to their opponents' 22. Both the Athletics and the Phillies gave up more points than they scored in their league games. This led to a championship game between the A's and Stars. After playing the first game to a scoreless tie, Pittsburgh finally won the second championship game late in the fourth quarter to give them a controversial championship win. The defeated A's then went home and defeat the Phillies 17-6 to give them the city championship and a second showing in the league.
World Series of Football.
In late December the 1902 World Series of Football was held at Madison Square Garden in New York City. While neither the Phillies nor Athletics participated in this event, several members of both squads joined together on a team known variously as "New York", the "New Yorks" and the "New York Philadelphians". The New York team played in the first indoor football game against the Syracuse Athletic Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20648698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648698" title="Mexican Federal Highway 129">
Mexican Federal Highway 129

Mexican Federal Highway 129 ("Carretera Federal 129") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Nautla, Veracruz in the northeast to Amozoc de Mota, Puebla in the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20648706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648706" title="Mexican Federal Highway 131">
Mexican Federal Highway 131

Mexican Federal Highway 131 ("Carretera Federal 131") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. Federal Highway 131 is split into two segments: the first segment travels from Teziutlán, Puebla in the north to Perote, Veracruz in the south. The second segment, entirely within the state of Oaxaca, travels from south of Oaxaca, Oaxaca in the north to Puerto Escondido in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648714" title="Mexican Federal Highway 134">
Mexican Federal Highway 134

Mexican Federal Highway 134 ("Carretera Federal 134") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Naucalpan, State of Mexico in the northeast to Zihuatanejo, Guerrero in the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20648717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648717" title="Mexican Federal Highway 135">
Mexican Federal Highway 135

Mexican Federal Highway 135 ("Carretera Federal 135") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Tehuacán, Puebla in the north to San Francisco Telixtlahuaca-San Pablo Huitzo, Oaxaca in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648725" title="Mexican Federal Highway 136">
Mexican Federal Highway 136

Mexican Federal Highway 136 ("Carretera Federal 136") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Zacatepec, Puebla in the east to Los Reyes Acaquilpan, State of Mexico in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648730" title="Mexican Federal Highway 138">
Mexican Federal Highway 138

Mexican Federal Highway 138 ("Carretera Federal 138") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway is a short connector route that links San Bernardino, State of Mexico in the south to Tepexpan, State of Mexico in the north. In spite of being an even-numbered Mexican Federal Highway route, the highway is aligned north-south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648734" title="Mexican Federal Highway 140">
Mexican Federal Highway 140

Mexican Federal Highway 140 ("Carretera Federal 140") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Veracruz, Veracruz in the east to Tepeaca, Puebla in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648741" title="Evi (software)">
Evi (software)

Evi (formerly "True Knowledge") is a technology company in Cambridge, England, founded by William Tunstall-Pedoe, which specialises in knowledge base and semantic search engine software. Its first product was an answer engine that aimed to directly answer questions posed in plain English text, which is accomplished using a database of discrete facts. The True Knowledge Answer engine was launched for private beta testing and development on 7 November 2007.
In January 2012 True Knowledge launched a major new product Evi (pronounced "ee-vee"), an artificial intelligence program which can be communicated with using natural language via an app on iPhone and Android.
The company changed its name from True Knowledge to Evi in June 2012.
In October 2012, Evi was acquired by Amazon and is now part of the Amazon group of companies.
Core technology premise.
The True Knowledge Answer Engine attempts to comprehend posed questions by disambiguating from all possible meanings of the words in the question to find the most likely meaning of the question being asked. It does this by drawing upon its database of knowledge of discrete facts. As these facts are stored in a form that the computer can understand, the answer engine attempts to produce an answer to what it comprehends to be the question by logically deducing from them. For example, if one were to type in "What is the birth date of George W. Bush?", True Knowledge would reason from the facts "George W. Bush is a president", "George W. Bush is a human being", "A president is a subclass of human being", "Date of creation is a more general form for birth date", and "the 6th of July is the date of creation for George W. Bush", to produce the simple answer, "the 6th of July". True Knowledge differs from competitors like Freebase and DBpedia in that they offer natural language access. Unlike the others however, users who post information to True Knowledge granted the company a "non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual licence to use such information to operate this website and for any other purposes".
Knowledge accumulation and verification.
Evi gathers information for its database in two ways: importing it from "credible" external databases (which for them includes Wikipedia: Citation Required) and from user submission following a consistent format and detailed process for input. True Knowledge strives to monitor this user submitted knowledge in multiple ways. One method involves a system of checks and balances in some ways similar to Wikipedia's, allowing users to modify or "agree"/"disagree" with information presented by True Knowledge. The system itself also assesses submitted information due the fact that the information is submitted as discrete facts that computers can understand. The system is able to reject any facts that are semantically incompatible with other approved knowledge. On 21 November 2008, True Knowledge announced on its official blog that over 100,000 facts had been added by beta users and as of August 2010, the True Knowledge database overall contained 283,511,156 facts about 9,237,091 things.
In November 2010, True Knowledge used some 300 million facts to calculate that Sunday, 11 April 1954, was the most boring day since 1900.
Financing.
On 7 May 2007, True Knowledge Ltd. announced it would be "actively seeking investments following several years of internally-funded development". Then, on 17 September 2007, Octopus Ventures, a British venture capitalist firm, announced its investment of more than $1.2 million into True Knowledge, the first significant investment into the company, allowing it to further develop its website and achieve critical milestones towards bringing the True Knowledge Answer Engine to market. On 30 July 2008, True Knowledge announced it had raised another $4 million in a second round of funding from Octopus Ventures and other investors that would be used towards expanding its staff, developing new products, and moving towards a rollout within 12 months.
Evi.
Evi was launched to the public in January 2012 through the iTunes App Store and Android Marketplace (Now rebranded as Google Play).
Evi is a cloud-based Artificial Intelligence (AI) which builds upon the core semantic search technology developed by the company and adds conversation, external APIs, location sensitivity and other features.
In May an update was released on both Android and iOS that introduced voice controls for phone, SMS, and email. This was announced as the first phase of phone control updates which will add further functionality and deeper integration with device features.

</doc>
<doc id="20648747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648747" title="Mexican Federal Highway 143">
Mexican Federal Highway 143

Mexican Federal Highway 143 ("Carretera Federal 143") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648753" title="Mexican Federal Highway 144">
Mexican Federal Highway 144

Mexican Federal Highway 144 ("Carretera Federal 144") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from San Salvador el Seco in the northwest to south of Azumbilla in the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="20648756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648756" title="Mexican Federal Highway 147">
Mexican Federal Highway 147

Mexican Federal Highway 147 ("Carretera Federal 147") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from south of Tuxtepec, Oaxaca in the northwest to Palomares, Oaxaca in the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="20648757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648757" title="Martin Blanes">
Martin Blanes

Martin Blanes (born 1980 in Ourense, Spain) is a Galician guitarist, ethnomusicologist and composer.
Biography.
He has done higher studies on guitar, composition, violin and piano in Ourense, "Música en Compostela", A Coruña, Madrid and Athens, together with specialization seminars with masters such as David Russell, Kostas Kotsiolis, Barry Harris, Antón García Abril, Steve Herbermann, Joshua Edelman, Charlie Moreno, Pavel Steidl, Peter Bernstein, NHOP, Pedro Iturralde, Marco Tamayo, Ricardo Gallén, Joaquín Clerch, Ioana Gandrabur, Victor Wooten, Maximino Zumalave, Carlo Domeniconi, William Kanengiser, Mulgrew Miller, Jean-Luc Ponty, Subramaniam, Marimí del Pozo Nieto, Jorge Pardo, Paulo Bellinati...
He was a member of the indie band Sevigny and the prog-jazz-rock band Amoeba Split.
He tours regularly Europe and the United States, also giving masterclasses and conferences. Nowadays he also combines his tours with the co-direction of the book publisher "A Formiga Rabicha". In 2009 he will be performing in Argentina, Germany, Japan, Poland and USA.
In 2008 he released his CD "O Son da Lenda" (The Sound of the Legend) that consists of 12 tracks inspired by Galician legends and the music of that region.
He also made the biographical investigation of the two book and CDs about Galician violinist Manuel Quiroga, released by "Ouvirmos". Nowadays he is his main biographer. He is also co-writer of the texts of the book about oral-traditional Galician inheritance "A Lenda no seu Lugar" (The Legend in its Own Place).
He co-wrote, together with Llorenç Barber, the inaugural work for pilgrimage year do Saint Iacobus tomb event "Xacobeo 99". It was premiered before the kings of Spain and broadcast on television all over the world. This work (about 50 minutes long) was written to be performed with all the bells of the churches and cathedral of Santiago de Compostela simultaneously. This music was performed as the opening of the main eclessiastical act.
He mostly performs as a solo artist but also plays with the following band/projects:
-Martín Blanes 3tet
-Duo with polish arpist Zofía Dowgiaīīo - contemporary improvisation
Also worked as interviewer for diverse media, with interviewees as Victor Wooten, Ron Carter, Bill Brudford, Philip Catherine and Ilya Gringolts.
During 2009 will release two CDs as leader. One solo work called "Bichiños" and the long waited first release of "Martin Blanes 3tet".
He is currently publishing a blog about his experiences as a travelling musician.
Instruments and Equipment.
His specialization focuses on 8 stringed hybrid guitar and bass, designed by Charlie Hunter and Ralph Novax, so he can play simultaneously melodies, compings and bass lines. Also is known for his solo acoustic fingerstyle work, playing altered tunings and percussive hits on the guitar at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="20648758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648758" title="Mexican Federal Highway 150">
Mexican Federal Highway 150

Mexican Federal Highway 150 ("Carretera Federal 150") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Veracruz, Veracruz in the east to Mexico City in the west. Federal Highway 150 is one of five Mexican Federal Highways that terminate in Mexico's capital city.

</doc>
<doc id="20648760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648760" title="Mexican Federal Highway 160">
Mexican Federal Highway 160

Mexican Federal Highway 160 ("Carretera Federal 160") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Izúcar de Matamoros, Puebla in the east to Cuernavaca, Morelos in the west. Mexican Federal Highway 160 is co-signed with Mexican Federal Highway 115 from Izúcar de Matamoros to north of Cuautla in Cuautlixco, Morelos.

</doc>
<doc id="20648762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648762" title="Parishing">
Parishing

Parishing is a small village. It lies South of Astore, northern areas, Gilgit, Pakistan. Parishing means the farthest mountain range.

</doc>
<doc id="20648763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648763" title="Mexican Federal Highway 166">
Mexican Federal Highway 166

Mexican Federal Highway 166 ("Carretera Federal 166") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Alpuyeca, Morelos in the east to north of Axixintla, Guerrero near Grutas de Cacahuamilpa National Park in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648765" title="Robert Felton">
Robert Felton

Robert Felton (born September 25, 1984 in Houston, Texas) is an American football guard who is a free agent. He was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2008.
He played college football for the Arkansas Razorbacks. Felton started 42 games while he played for the Razorbacks. Felton also was awarded 1st team All-SEC honors 2007, 2nd Team AP All-American Honors 2007, and is a member of the Arkansas Razorback All-Decade Team 2010.
Felton has degrees in sociology and criminal justice.
Felton has also been a member of the Oakland Raiders. 
Recently Robert Felton has been featured on an ESPN Radio Show in Fayetteville, Ar where he still lives

</doc>
<doc id="20648770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648770" title="Tatiana Korshunova">
Tatiana Korshunova

Tatiana Korshunova (born March 6, 1956 in Ramensckoye, Moscow region) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1970s. She won a silver medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Korshunova also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1974, 1979) and two bronzes (K-1 500 m and K-4 500 m: both 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="20648771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648771" title="Mexican Federal Highway 175">
Mexican Federal Highway 175

Mexican Federal Highway 175 ("Carretera Federal 175") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Buenavista, Veracruz in the north to Puerto Ángel, Oaxaca in the south. The highway crosses Mexican Federal Highway 200 before reaching the Pacific Ocean at Puerto Ángel as its southern terminus.

</doc>
<doc id="20648776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648776" title="Mexican Federal Highway 176">
Mexican Federal Highway 176

Mexican Federal Highway 176 ("Carretera Federal 176") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Tizimín, Yucatán in the east to Mérida, Yucatán in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648782" title="Mexican Federal Highway 178">
Mexican Federal Highway 178

Mexican Federal Highway 178 ("Carretera Federal 178") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Dzilam de Bravo, Yucatán in the east to Cansahcab, Yucatán in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648786" title="Mexican Federal Highway 179">
Mexican Federal Highway 179

Mexican Federal Highway 179 ("Carretera Federal 179") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from north of Xochiapan, Veracruz in Santiago Sochiapan municipality in the north to San Pablo de Villa Mitla, Oaxaca in the south. Much of the middle section of the highway remains unpaved.

</doc>
<doc id="20648791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648791" title="Mexican Federal Highway 182">
Mexican Federal Highway 182

Mexican Federal Highway 182 ("Carretera Federal 182") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec, Oaxaca in the east to Teotitlán de Flores Magón, Oaxaca in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648794" title="Mexican Federal Highway 184">
Mexican Federal Highway 184

Mexican Federal Highway 184 ("Carretera Federal 184") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Felipe Carrillo Puerto, Quintana Roo in the southeast to Muna, Yucatán in the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20648800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648800" title="Mexican Federal Highway 185">
Mexican Federal Highway 185

Mexican Federal Highway 185 ("Carretera Federal 185") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz in the north to Salina Cruz, Oaxaca in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648805" title="Mexican Federal Highway 186">
Mexican Federal Highway 186

Mexican Federal Highway 186 ("Carretera Federal 186") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Chetumal, Quintana Roo in the east to Villahermosa, Tabasco in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20648810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648810" title="Mexican Federal Highway 187">
Mexican Federal Highway 187

Mexican Federal Highway 187 ("Carretera Federal 187") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from El Bellote, Centla Municipality, Tabasco in the north to Raudales Malpaso, Tecpatán Municipality, Chiapas in the south. Mexican Federal Highway 187 is one of two major north-south highway corridors in Tabasco (the other being the Federal Highway 180 and 195 corridor). The Federal Highway 187 route numbering continues as the Mexican Federal Highway 187D toll road from Raudales Malpaso south to Mexican Federal Highway 190 east of Ocozocoautla de Espinosa.

</doc>
<doc id="20648812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648812" title="Aaina">
Aaina

Aaina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648815" title="1989–90 New York Rangers season">
1989–90 New York Rangers season

The 1989–90 New York Rangers season was the 64th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, the Rangers led the Patrick Division with 85 points and qualified for the NHL playoffs. In the first round of the playoffs, the Rangers defeated the New York Islanders four games to one and earned a berth in the Patrick Division Finals. There, New York lost to the Washington Capitals in five games.
Offseason.
During the offseason, Gulf+Western, owners of the Rangers, and all MSG properties since 1977, changed their name to Paramount Communications. The new name was chosen in honor of the company's leading subsidiary, the Paramount Pictures film studio.
Regular season.
The Rangers finished the regular season with the most power-play opportunities (442) and the most power-play goals scored (103).
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1989 NHL Entry Draft in Bloomington, Minnesota at the Met Center.
Supplemental Draft.
New York's picks at the 1989 NHL Supplemental Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20648816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648816" title="Mexican Federal Highway 188">
Mexican Federal Highway 188

Mexican Federal Highway 188 ("Carretera Federal 188") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from San Antonio Cayal, Campeche in the northeast to Haltunchén, Campeche in the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20648820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648820" title="Mexican Federal Highway 190">
Mexican Federal Highway 190

Mexican Federal Highway 190 ("Carretera Federal 190") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. Federal Highway 190 is split into two segments: the first segment travels from Tehuantepec, Oaxaca in the east to Puebla, Puebla in the west. The second segment travels from Ciudad Cuauhtémoc, Chiapas in the east to La Ventosa, Juchitán de Zaragoza Municipality, Oaxaca in the west. Mexican Federal Highway 190's eastern segment ends at a Guatemala-Mexico border crossing at Ciudad Cuauhtémoc. The Pan-American Highway route in southern Mexico continues into Guatemala as Central American Highway 1 (CA-1).

</doc>
<doc id="20648823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648823" title="Mexican Federal Highway 195">
Mexican Federal Highway 195

Mexican Federal Highway 195 ("Carretera Federal 195") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from Villahermosa, Tabasco in the north to El Escopetazo, Chiapa de Corzo Municipality, Chiapas in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20648828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648828" title="Mexican Federal Highway 199">
Mexican Federal Highway 199

Mexican Federal Highway 199 ("Carretera Federal 199") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648833" title="Mexican Federal Highway 200">
Mexican Federal Highway 200

Mexican Federal Highway 200 ("Carretera Federal 200") is also known as Carretera Pacifico and is a Federal Highway of Mexico. Carretera Pacifico is the main leg of the Pacific Coastal Highway within Mexico and travels along the Pacific Coast from Mexican Federal Highway 15 in Tepic, Nayarit in the north to the Guatemala-Mexico border at Talismán, Chiapas in the south. Upon entering Guatemala, the highway continues as Central American Highway 2 (CA-2).
The highway is close to 2000 kilometers in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20648839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648839" title="Mexican Federal Highway 203">
Mexican Federal Highway 203

Mexican Federal Highway 203 ("Carretera Federal 203") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from El Suspiro, Chiapas near Emiliano Zapata, Tabasco in the northwest to Tenosique, Tabasco in the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="20648847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648847" title="Mexican Federal Highway 211">
Mexican Federal Highway 211

Mexican Federal Highway 211 ("Carretera Federal 211") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. The highway travels from El Jocote, Chiapas in the northeast to Huixtla, Chiapas in the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20648848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648848" title="Klára Rajnai">
Klára Rajnai

Klára Rajnai (born November 21, 1953) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1970s. She won two medals at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal with a silver in the K-2 500 m and a bronze in the K-1 500 m events.
Rajnai also won two bronze medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with one in the K-1 500 m (1979) and one in the K-4 500 m (1975 event.

</doc>
<doc id="20648850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648850" title="Mexican Federal Highway 221">
Mexican Federal Highway 221

Mexican Federal Highway 221 ("Carretera Federal 221") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. It stretches from Nuevo Coahuila and junctions with Mexican Federal Highway 186, near Ojo de Agua, Campeche.

</doc>
<doc id="20648855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648855" title="Mexican Federal Highway 225">
Mexican Federal Highway 225

Mexican Federal Highway 225 ("Carretera Federal 225") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. It runs from the Port of Chiapas on the Pacific Ocean to the city of Tapachula in the state of Chiapas.

</doc>
<doc id="20648858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648858" title="Mexican Federal Highway 259">
Mexican Federal Highway 259

Mexican Federal Highway 259 ("Carretera Federal 259") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648861" title="Mexican Federal Highway 261">
Mexican Federal Highway 261

Mexican Federal Highway 261 ("Carretera Federal 261") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.
The road connects the city of Escárcega with Champotón. The main towns that are along this road are Revolución and Xbacab.

</doc>
<doc id="20648866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648866" title="Mexican Federal Highway 281">
Mexican Federal Highway 281

Mexican Federal Highway 281 ("Carretera Federal 281") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648868" title="Mexican Federal Highway 293">
Mexican Federal Highway 293

Mexican Federal Highway 293 ("Carretera Federal 293") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648872" title="Mexican Federal Highway 295">
Mexican Federal Highway 295

Mexican Federal Highway 295 ("Carretera Federal 295") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20648874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648874" title="Swing it, magistern!">
Swing it, magistern!

Swing it, magistern! is a 1940 Swedish film directed by Schamyl Bauman and starring Adolf Jahr and Alice Babs.
Synopsis.
Young student Inga Danell secretly performs at nightclubs as Linda Loy.
Awards and honors.
In 1941 Schamyl Bauman won a commendation at the Venice Film Festival for this film and for "Magistrarna på sommarlov".

</doc>
<doc id="20648878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648878" title="Mexican Federal Highway 307">
Mexican Federal Highway 307

Mexican Federal Highway 307 ("Carretera Federal 307") is a Federal Highway of Mexico. It connects Cancún, Quintana Roo to Chetumal, Palenque and La Trinitaria, Chiapas. As late as 2002, it had frequent washouts and rough areas, especially on the route south of Tulum towards the state capital of Chetumal.

</doc>
<doc id="20648894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648894" title="Bert Day">
Bert Day

Hubert "Bert" Day (8 May 1908 - 27 June 1977) was a rugby hooker who played rugby union for Newport and rugby league for Salford. He was awarded five caps for Wales under union rules and was part of the Welsh side that won the 1931 Five Nations Championship. At Salford Day forged a reputation as the greatest hooker to play for the club, his record 488 appearances for the club went unbroken for over 35 years.
Rugby career.
Day was first selected for Wales in the 1930 Five Nations Championship in a match against Scotland at Murrayfield. Day was one of two new caps in the Welsh squad alongside Swansea's Dai Thomas. Wales lost the match 9-12, but Day was reselected for the next game of the tournament in a win over Ireland, under the captaincy of Jack Bassett. The final game of the Championship was an away game to France. The match was notoriously bad tempered with the referee forced to make multiple stoppages to reproach both packs as fist fights broke out throughout the game. Day himself was kicked in the mouth and was forced to leave the pitch to have several stitches in his lip.
Day played twice in the 1931 Five Nations Championship which Wales won after drawing against England and beating the remaining three teams. Day's final match was the second game in a win against Scotland at the Cardiff Arms Park. Day later switched codes, 'Going North' to join Salford RLFC.
International matches played.
Wales
Les Diables Rouges.
Day was one of the players who successfully toured in France with Salford in 1934, during which the Salford team earned the name "Les Diables Rouges", the seventeen players were; Joe Bradbury, Bob Brown, Aubrey Casewell, Paddy Dalton, Bert Day, Cliff Evans, Jack Feetham, George Harris, Barney Hudson, Emlyn Jenkins, Alf Middleton, Sammy Miller, Harold Osbaldestin, Les Pearson, Gus Risman, Billy Watkins, and Billy Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="20648917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648917" title="GEO-Mobile Radio Interface">
GEO-Mobile Radio Interface

GEO-Mobile Radio Interface (GEO stands for Geostationary Earth Orbit), better known as GMR, is an ETSI standard for satellite phones. The GMR standard is derived from the 3GPP-family terrestrial digital cellular standards and supports access to GSM/UMTS core networks. It is used by ACeS, ICO, Inmarsat, SkyTerra, TerreStar and Thuraya.
There are two widely-deployed variants of GMR, both heavily modeled after GSM
GMR-1 is the technology used by Thuraya. GMR-1 3G is the technology used for TerreStar and SkyTerra.
GMR-2 is used by Inmarsat iSatPhonePro.
GMR was developed by TIA and ETSI.
Air Interface Ciphers.
Versions of standard and cipher used:

</doc>
<doc id="20648921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648921" title="Godfrey Siamusiye">
Godfrey Siamusiye

Godfrey Malumo Siamusiye (born September 23, 1972) is a cross country and track and field runner from Choma, Zambia. He has competed in the Olympics in 1992 and 1996. He was also NCAA Division I Cross Country National Champion in 1995 and 1996. He was a member of the 1995 Arkansas Razorback cross country National Champion team. He is now head cross country coach at Shiloh Christian School in Springdale, Arkansas.
College career.
Blinn College.
Godfrey Siamusiye attended Blinn College, located in Brenham, Texas, in 1993 and 1994. In 1990s Godfrey was an All-American in 4 different events: Cross Country, 3000m, 3000m Steeplechase, and the 5000m. In 1994 Siamusiye was the NJCAA Division I cross country National Champion, competing the 8k course in 26:10.80 in addition to being an All-American in 6 events: Cross Country, the Mile, 3000m, 3000m steeplechase, 5000m and 10000m.
University of Arkansas.
Godfrey Siamusiye excelled during his two years at the University of Arkansas under legendary coach John McDonnell. He was an All-American on six occasions, and won four National Championships. In cross country, he won the national championship both years at the school. He was inducted into the Arkansas Track and Field Hall of Fame in 2008. In the 1995 championship, hosted by Iowa State in Ames, Iowa, he finished in 30:09, nearly a minute ahead of the next competitor, and led the Razorbacks to a National Championship. In 1996 he repeated as cross country National Champion, completing the Tucson, Arizona course in 29:49. In 1996 Godfrey finished 2nd in the 5000 meters at the NCAA championships hosted by the University of Oregon at Hayward Field. That year, he was nominated for Southeastern Conference athlete of the year for his performance in track and field.
"Godfrey Siamusiye was probably the greatest distance runner in Razorback history." said Rick Schaeffer, who put the runner at #14 on his 2005 list of the best Razorbacks in any sport in history.
Olympics.
1992 Barcelona.
Godfrey Siamusiye represented Zambia for the first time at the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona. He competed in the 5000 meters. He finished 11th in the first of four heats in round one and did not qualify for the finals.
1996 Atlanta.
Godfrey Siamusiye returned to the Olympics in 1996 where he competed in the 3000 meter steeplechase. In the first found, he finished in 8 minutes and 30 seconds, less than a quarter second behind Kenyan Joseph Keter who went on to win the gold medal. In the semi-finals, He ran a time of 8:37.41 and did not advance to the finals, finishing 10th.
Coaching career.
Godfrey Siamusiye had his first coaching job as Head Cross Country Coach and assistant track and field coach at Shiloh Christian School in Springdale, Arkansas. He first came to Shiloh in 2006 as a volunteer head coach for cross country. In 2007, his second year, he led the Shiloh Saints to first ever State Championship in Cross Country, winning the class AAA title. His 2008 team had many key returners from the 2007 championship. However, Heber Springs beat the Saints by one point for the Arkansas class 4A State Championship in 2008. Godfrey Siamusiye's 2008 Saints had four runners make All-State. In 2009 he picked up his second and third state championships as the boys team won by a large margin taking the first, second, third, and fifth individual spots, and the girls team won in a close race.
In 2012, Siamusiye left Shiloh for the position of cross country coach at Springdale High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20648941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648941" title="Paciorek">
Paciorek

Paciorek may refer to:
As a last name:

</doc>
<doc id="20648955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648955" title="The Messengers Choir">
The Messengers Choir

The Messengers Choir was an East African gospel group based in the United States.
Before the break-up they were considered the first gospel choir of African origin to be formed and based in the USA.
The group was formed in New Jersey, USA. The 30+ member ensemble blended elements of African gospel and American popular music.
The group was an integral part of the Allegheny East Conference Seventh-day Adventist Church Festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="20648959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648959" title="Kayah i Bregović">
Kayah i Bregović

Kayah i Bregović (English: "Kayah & Bregović") is a joint album by Bosnian musician Goran Bregović and Polish singer Kayah, released in 1999.
Background.
The album is a blend of pop and folk, in particular Balkan music, with elements of Romani music ("Čaje šukarije"), traditional music of the Gorals and references to Polish Christmas carol "Bóg się rodzi". Kayah wrote all the lyrics and Bregović composed the music and produced the material. The album contains several songs from his earlier records.
"Kayah i Bregović" became a huge commercial success in Poland, selling in over 700,000 copies, what prompted its release in other countries. The album spawned four singles, including major hits "Śpij kochanie, śpij" and "Prawy do lewego". On September 10, 1999, Kayah and Goran gave a famous live performance for over 50,000 people in Służewiec, Warsaw.
Track listing.
Adapted from the album's sleeve.

</doc>
<doc id="20648960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648960" title="Firemen's Tower">
Firemen's Tower

Firemen's Tower may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20648976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648976" title="Web 2.0 for development">
Web 2.0 for development

Participatory Web 2.0 for development in short Web2forDev is a way of employing web services, in order to improve information sharing and collaborative production of content in the context of development work. In this context actors in development can easily relate to other stakeholders, have selective access to information, produce and publish their own content and redistribute pieces of content released by others. They can integrate, combine, aggregate, generate, moderate and mediate content. In a typical Web2forDev scenario data and/or functionalities from a number of free/low cost online applications are combined and served as mashups thus ensuring a wide range of online services at low cost.
History.
Web2forDev was first used as a term at the Web2forDev International Conference organised by CTA and other development partners in Rome at FAO in September 2007. The event was organised by The Association for Progressive Communications, The ACP Secretariat, Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research, Technical Centre for Agricultural and Rural Cooperation (CTA) ACP-EU, Euforic, Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, Deutsche Gesellschaft für Technische Zusammenarbeit GmbH, International Fund for Agricultural Development, International Institute for Communication and Development (IICD), University of British Columbia and Université Cheikh Anta DIOP.
Technology Overview.
Open source and proprietary, free or low-cost interactive user centered applications that promote communication, online collaboration, sharing information, user empowerment, and social networking. Considering the constraints which affect many developing countries, Web2forDev applications are usually low-bandwidth friendly. There's a revolution that is vitally transforming the way business and enterprise utilize the Web. Something like an enormous software upgrade for the entire Web and it's called Web 2.0. The web is shifting from just being an intermediate in which information is transmitted and consumed, into being a platform in which content is shaped, shared, remixed, repurposed, and passed along. Various companies have started understanding that the social side of change, including personal networks and developing trusting relationships, might prove to be the most powerful strategy for promotion. The new Web 2.0 Business ground rules include an increasing focus on knowledge, trust, relationships, and communities which in many senses is the true structure of today's organization. Web 2.0 applications are changing the way the world communicates allowing consumers to share opinions, wants, needs and motivations.
Usage.
Web 2.0 applications are used in the development sector for a number of purposes and by different actors. Examples are ...
References.
Ashley H., Corbett J, Garside B, Jones D and Rambaldi G.2009. Change at hand: Web 2.0 for development, PLA issue 59, IIED/CTA, London, UK
External links.
"'

</doc>
<doc id="20648999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20648999" title="The Company of Friends">
The Company of Friends

The Company of Friends is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". The play is made of four one-part stories, by different authors, rather than the usual multi-part serial. All episodes use the Eighth Doctor as played by Paul McGann, and he is joined in each episode by a companion who originated in either the Doctor Who book or comic ranges.
The Company of Friends.
Benny's Story.
by Lance Parkin
Benny is hired to recover a familiar artifact: the key to the TARDIS.
Fitz's Story.
by Stephen Cole
The Doctor and Fitz investigate an alien world's alien defense business.
Izzy's Story.
by Alan Barnes
Izzy asks the Doctor to look into the rarest comic book in history: 'Aggrotron!'
Mary's Story.
by Jonathan Morris
Mary Shelley becomes inspired by events in Switzerland, 1816, at the Villa Diodati when she meets the two Doctors.
The Three Companions.
"The Three Companions" bonus feature, Part 4.
Cremation Point by Marc Platt

</doc>
<doc id="20649001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649001" title="Steve Pederson">
Steve Pederson

Steve Pederson is the athletic director at the University of Pittsburgh. He held the same post there from 1996 to 2002 and at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln from 2002 to 2007.
First Pittsburgh Tenure.
Pederson was hired as the 10th athletic director of the University of Pittsburgh on October 28, 1996. He quickly implemented several sweeping and controversial changes to resurrect an athletic program that had fallen on hard times. He removed several employees of the athletic department and In the spring of 1997 changed and standardized the athletic uniforms, colors, and logos used by Pittsburgh Athletic Department to emphasize the heritage and location of the University. This involved demphasizing the traditional use of "Pitt" in preference for the use of "Pittsburgh" to refer to the school in press releases and in signage. In doing so, he also abandoned the use of the traditional "Pitt script" logo that had adorned football helmets since 1973. New logos designed by Peter Moore that utilized a "torch-cut" font, which alluded to the heritage of Pittsburgh's steel industry, were introduced along with a new Panther logo with a similar torch-cut style. The blue and gold shades used by the athletic department, previously royal to navy blue and yellow to mustard gold, were also changed to midnight blue and vegas gold. In addition, the existing Golden Panther booster club organization was scrapped and replaced with a new club termed Team Pittsburgh. These moves were controversial among fans, boosters and traditionalists of the University of Pittsburgh athletic teams.
Early in Pederson's tenure, he also moved to replace then head football coach Johnny Majors with Walt Harris who took Pitt to the Liberty Bowl, Pitt's first bowl in eight seasons, in his first season as head coach in 1997. Pederson also hired Ben Howland as Pitt's head men's basketball coach in 1999 to replace Ralph Willard. Howland proceeded to take Pitt to its first NCAA Tournament in nine seasons. In addition to Harris and Howland, Pederson hires included Alonzo Webb for track and field, Traci Waites for women's basketball, Joe Jordano for baseball, and Chris Beerman for volleyball. All six of these coaching hires went on to win Big East Conference Coach-of-the-Year honors in their respective sports. Pederson retired the football jerseys of former Panther greats Mike Ditka, Marshall Goldberg, Joe Schmidt, and Mark May. Pederson significantly elevated the athletic department's fundraising efforts, some of which was through implementing controversial donor requirements for men's basketball seating.
Among the most controversial decisions of Pederson's first tenure at Pittsburgh was the demolition of Pitt Stadium, which had served as the home for Pitt's football team, along with other sports, for 75 years. The Stadium was razed following the 1999 season to make way for the construction of the Petersen Events Center. The football team moved their home games permanently to newly constructed Heinz Field in 2001 after a one-year temporary stop at Three Rivers Stadium for the 2000 season. Pederson also oversaw the move of the football team into state-of-the art practice facilities that he helped to design at the UPMC Sports Performance Complex in 2000 as well as a refurbishment and expansion of Fitzgerald Field House in 1999.
In 2002, Pederson was awarded the General Robert R. Neyland Athletic Director Award which is presented by the All-American Football Foundation for outstanding administrative achievement.
Pederson left Pitt to return to his alma mater, the University of Nebraska where he assumed athletic director duties in December 2002. While an undergraduate at Nebraska he became a member of Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity. He was replaced as athletic director at Pitt by Jeff Long. Under Long's tenure, the athletic department reverted to using "Pitt" with a new block letter design on football helmets, logos, press releases, and signage and the torch-cut font was largely replaced. The Team Pittsburgh booster club was also renamed to the Panther Club. The color scheme used by the athletic department and introduced under Pederson, was retained.
Nebraska Tenure.
Pederson was hired as Nebraska's 12th athletic director on December 20, 2002. After records of 7-7 and 9-3 in the previous two seasons, Pederson fired head football coach Frank Solich. Pederson justified the move by stating he would not "let Nebraska gravitate into mediocrity" and would not "surrender the Big 12 to Oklahoma and Texas". Solich's 58 wins during his first six seasons as Nebraska's head coach exceeded that of his two College Football Hall of Fame predecessors: Bob Devaney (53 wins) and Tom Osborne (55 wins).
Shortly thereafter, interim head coach Bo Pelini led Solich's team to its 10th victory of the season and later interviewed for the permanent head coach position. Quarterbacks coach Turner Gill did the same, and after a 40-day coaching search, Pederson hired former Oakland Raiders coach Bill Callahan as Solich's permanent successor. Under the leadership of Pedersen, Callahan led the Huskers to a 27-22 record in 4 seasons as Nebraska's Head Football Coach.
On October 13, 2007, the football team lost its homecoming game 45-14 to Oklahoma State. Two days later, Pederson was fired during a five-minute meeting with chancellor Harvey Perlman. Perlman cited Pederson's leadership style as his rationale for the change. Six weeks after Pederson's firing, Callahan was also dismissed.
Second Pittsburgh Tenure.
Pederson was rehired by the University of Pittsburgh as its athletic director on November 30, 2007, following the departure Jeff Long to the University of Arkansas. Pederson continues to serve at Pitt as athletic director at present. From his original branding changes for the athletic department, only changes to the color scheme and Panther logo remain, as the block PITT introduced by Jeff Long continues to serve as the athletic department's primary logo. Among his actions during his current tenure at Pittsburgh, Pederson has hired volleyball head coach Toby Rens and softball head coach Holly Aprile, as well as sign men's and women's head basketball coaches, Jamie Dixon and Agnus Berenato respectively, to contract extensions. In August 2009, Pederson announced that Pitt's athletic teams would switch from being outfitted by Adidas to Nike and the school unveiled new football uniforms that included design elements reminiscent of those that were worn prior to Pederson's first tenure as athletic director at the university. On December 7, 2010, Pederson forced head football coach Dave Wannstedt to resign following a disappointing 7-5 season.
After a week-long search, Pederson hired Miami University head coach Mike Haywood to succeed Wannstedt. But on January 1, 2011, Haywood was fired by Pitt after his arrest on a felony domestic battery charge made the day before and only hours after Haywood posted bond and was released from jail. Pederson's apparent mishandling of the Pitt football head coach search sparked outrage among Pitt alum and donors, with some having threatened to stop making donations while Pederson is still an employee of the university. Pederson then announced the hiring of Todd Graham as the new head coach on January 10, 2011. Following a 6-6 season, Graham resigned on December 14, 2011, less than one year later, in order to take the Arizona State head coaching position. After much speculation, the university hired offensive coordinator Paul Chryst from the University of Wisconsin on December 22, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20649003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649003" title="Scrooby railway station">
Scrooby railway station

Scrooby was a railway station on the Great Northern Railway running between Retford and Doncaster. The station served the small village of Scrooby and was near Bawtry railway station but was used until cuts in 1931, thereafter during World War II due to a major depot in the village.
The area is also famous for the water troughs on the line.
Present day.
The station survives today as a house right next to the East Coast Main Line.

</doc>
<doc id="20649020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649020" title="1987–88 New York Rangers season">
1987–88 New York Rangers season

The 1987–88 New York Rangers season was the 62nd season for the team in the National Hockey League. The Rangers compiled a 36–34–10 record during the regular season, but despite having 82 points, they were eliminated from playoff contention after their last game when the New Jersey Devils beat the Chicago Blackhawks. This would be the only season between 1977–78 and 1991–92 in which the Rangers missed the playoffs.
Offseason.
Rangers General Manager Phil Esposito was part of the four man committee that would select players and coaches for Team Canada at the 1987 Canada Cup.
Regular season.
The Rangers led the league in power-play goals scored, with 111. They also scored the fewest short-handed goals during the regular season out of all 21 teams, with just 6.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the 1988 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1987 NHL Entry Draft in Detroit, Michigan at the Joe Louis Arena.
Supplemental Draft.
New York's picks at the 1987 NHL Supplemental Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20649038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649038" title="Actinomyces israelii">
Actinomyces israelii

Actinomyces israelii is a species of gram-positive rod-shaped bacteria within the "Actinomyces". Known to live commensally on and within humans, "A. israelii" is an opportunistic pathogen and a cause of actinomycosis. Many physiologically diverse strains of the species are known to exist, though all are strict anaerobes.
Pathogenesis.
Actinomycosis is most frequently caused by "Actinomyces israelii" and is sometimes known as the "most misdiagnosed disease," as it is frequently confused with neoplasms. "A. israelii" is a normal colonizer of the vagina, colon, and mouth. Infection is established first by a breach of the mucosal barrier during various procedures (dental, GI), aspiration, or pathologies such as diverticulitis. The chronic phase of this disease is also known the "classic phase" because the acute, early phase is often missed by health care providers. This is characterized by slow contiguous growth that ignores tissue planes and forms a sinus tract that can spontaneously heal and recur, leading to a densely fibrotic lesion. This lesion is often characterized as "wooden." Sulfur granules form in a central purulence surrounded by neutrophils. This conglomeration of organisms is virtually diagnostic of "Actinomyces israelii."
Oral-cervicofacial disease is the most common form of actinomycosis. It is characterized by a painless "lumpy jaw." Lymphadenopathy is uncommon in this form of the disease. Another form of actinomycosis is thoracic disease, which is often misdiagnosed as a neoplasm, as it forms a mass that extends to the chest wall. It arises from aspiration of organisms from the oropharynx. Symptoms include chest pain, fever, and weight loss. Abdominal disease is another manifestation of actinomycosis. This can lead to a sinus tract that drains to the abdominal wall or the perianal area. Symptoms include fever, abdominal pain, and weight loss. Actinomyces species have also been shown to infect the central nervous system in a dog "without history or evidence of previous trauma or other organ involvement." 
Pelvic actinomycosis is a rare but proven complication of use of intrauterine devices. In extreme cases pelvic abscesses might develop. Treatment of pelvic actinomycosis associated with intrauterine device involves removal of the device and antibiotic treatment.
Diagnosis.
Actinomycosis may be considered when a patient has chronic progression of disease across tissue planes that is mass-like at times, sinus tract development that may heal and recur, and refractory infection after a typical course of antibiotics.
Treatment.
Treatment for actinomycosis consists of antibiotics such as penicillin or amoxicillin for six to twelve months, as well as surgery if the disease is extensive.

</doc>
<doc id="20649053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649053" title="Epernicus">
Epernicus

Epernicus is a social networking website and professional networking platform resource built by scientists for research scientists. Its main goal is to help scientists to 'find the right people with the right expertise at the right time'. It is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="20649079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649079" title="Draco (rocket engine family)">
Draco (rocket engine family)

A Draco thruster is a small hypergolic rocket engine designed by SpaceX for use on their Dragon spacecraft, 
and on the upper stages of their Falcon 9 
and Falcon Heavy rockets, to provide for spacecraft attitude control in the vacuum of space.
SuperDraco rocket engines utilize the same storable (non-cryogenic) propellant as the small Draco thrusters, but are over 100 times larger in terms of delivered thrust.
The much larger Super Draco engines will be used on later versions of the Dragon spacecraft to provide launch-escape capability on crew transport flights to low-Earth orbit, as well as entry, descent and landing control of the proposed Red Dragon robotic probe to Mars.
Draco.
Draco thrusters generate 400 newtons (90 pounds-force) of thrust using a storable propellant mixture of monomethyl hydrazine fuel and nitrogen tetroxide oxidizer.
Eighteen Draco thrusters are used on the Dragon spacecraft for attitude control and maneuvering. Dual-redun­dant in all axes: any two can fail and still have complete vehicle control in pitch, yaw, roll and translation.
Four Draco thrusters are used on the Falcon 9 second-stage as a reaction control system.
SuperDraco.
On February 1, 2012 SpaceX announced that it has completed the development of a new, more powerful version of a storable-propellant rocket engine, this one called SuperDraco. This high-thrust hypergolic engine—about 200 times larger than the Draco RCS thruster hypergolic engine—offers deep throttling ability and just like the Draco thruster, has multiple restart capability. Its primary purpose is for SpaceX's LAS (launch abort system) on the Dragon spacecraft. According to the NASA press release, the engine has a transient from ignition to full thrust of 100 ms. During launch abort, eight SuperDracos are expected to fire for 5 seconds at full thrust. The development of the engine is partially funded by NASA's CCDev 2 program. Estimated thrust of makes this the second most powerful engine developed by SpaceX, approximately 200 times more powerful than the Draco thruster engines. By comparison, it is more than twice as powerful as the Kestrel engine that was used in SpaceX's Falcon 1 launch vehicle second stage, and about 1/9 the thrust of a Merlin 1D engine.
In addition to the use of the SuperDraco thrusters for powered-landings on Earth, NASA's Ames Research Center is studying the feasibility of a Dragon-derived Mars lander for scientific investigation. Preliminary analysis indicates that the final deceleration will be within the retro-propulsion SuperDraco thruster capabilities.
Engine testing.
, the SuperDraco engine development program remains in its test program. To date, the SuperDraco ground-test engines have been fired a total of 58 times for a total firing-time duration of 117 seconds. SpaceX is reporting that the test results are exceeding the original requirements for the engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20649083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649083" title="George Ayres Leavitt">
George Ayres Leavitt

George Ayres Leavitt (May 13, 1822 - December 18, 1888) was the son of a Massachusetts bookbinder who founded several of New York's earliest publishing firms. George Leavitt subsequently founded his own publishing company, Leavitt & Allen, but it failed during a financial panic that swept the nation during the American Civil War. Leavitt later tried to reestablish himself as both publisher and fine arts auctioneers, founding one of the first upscale auction houses, and eventually retiring from the book industry entirely.
George A. Leavitt was born in 1822, in Haverhill, Massachusetts, the son of Jonathan Leavitt, who lived in Andover, Massachusetts, where the former bookbinder's apprentice operated an early publishing firm devoted to turning out religious works connected with the Andover Theological Seminary. Shortly after his son George's birth, Jonathan Leavitt left Andover for New York City, where he launched into business with his brother-in-law Daniel Appleton, a former Boston dry goods merchant. Their partnership lasted a decade, after which Leavitt founded the publishing house of Leavitt & Trow, which published the complete works of Jonathan Edwards, and became one of the country's largest publishing houses through its dominance of religious publishing.
Helping Jonathan Leavitt build his business was his right-hand man, George Palmer Putnam, who eventually left for other better-paying opportunities. By 1842 George A. Leavitt, having graduated from Andover's Phillips Academy and worked for a time for the booksellers Robinson & Franklin, joined his father's publishing house. On his father Jonathan's death a decade later in 1851, Leavitt took over the firm and operated for year as a sole proprietorship, when he took on as partner his Andover classmate John K. Allen.
The firm renamed itself Leavitt & Allen and eventually settled at 379 Broadway in Lower Manhattan. In 1856, Leavitt took the suggestion of his father-in-law James E. Cooley, one of New York's largest auctioneers, to open a trade book sale auction house. On March 20, 1856, the Second Regular Trade Sale was held on the premises of the newly formed Leavitt, Delisser & Co., an auction house formed especially to handle the trade book sale.
By this time Leavitt's publishing interests had blossomed. Aside from the new auction house on the first floor, Leavitt's building on Broadway housed Leavitt's partner John F. Trow's printing operation on the building's upper floors. The publishing firm of Leavitt & Allen operated a store on the first floor, as well as occupying the building's basement. Leavitt had inherited a backstock of educational books from his father's firm, and he and his partner Allen continued to add to their stable of writers, which included Prof. John J. Owen, S.N. Sweet, Rev. Albert Barnes, Jonathan Edwards and others. Leavitt & Allen was particularly successful at sales of special occasion books and 'annuals', a category generating sales of up to 50,000 copies a year. Leavitt & Allen also published English poets, young people's books, writing and photograph albums.
By 1860 Leavitt's fortunes were rising, and the firms of Leavitt & Allen, publishers and booksellers, as well as Geo. A. Leavitt & Co. relocated to larger quarters at 24 Walker Street. Leavitt's auction partner Delisser had retired, and was replaced by Leavitt's friend James M. Alden. A year later the Leavitt interests relocated to 21 and 23 Mercer Street in Lower Manhattan, which were to remain the firm's premises for many years, and where it conducted its trade book sales.
In 1863, as the American Civil War raged, dragging many New York publishers into bankruptcy, George Leavitt became involved in a transaction that would change his business entirely. The publishing firm of Geo. A. Leavitt & Co. found itself holding a large volume of commercial paper that was not honored in the marketplace. Following the resolution of the credit matter, most of the business that Leavitt and his father had built was wiped out. Leavitt's father-in-law Cooley took over the auction business, and the profitable book company was sold to meet the demands of creditors of Leavitt's auction house.
In the wake of the business failure, the partners dispersed. Leavitt became an auctioneer for James Cooley; James Alden left the industry; Leavitt's old partner Allen departed for the West Coast to start over. A chastened George Leavitt, publisher, became George Leavitt, auctioneer. By 1866 he had formed a partnership with his brother M.B. Leavitt and Robert M. Strebeigh in a new auction house called Leavitt, Strebeigh & Co. Three years later Strebeigh retired, and the house became known as the eponymous George A. Leavitt & Co.
Within four years Leavitt had found his financial footing again. His own partner Allen, having returned from the West Coast, helped Leavitt found another publishing and bookselling business, this time called Leavitt & Allen Bros., which continued for five years, when Allen left to help head up the American Bible Society, after which Leavitt renamed his business the World Publishing Co. But within a couple of years, the exigencies of the publishing industry, roiled by the Civil War, proved too demanding, and Leavitt sold his stock and retired from the bookselling and publishing industry entirely, instead concentrating on his auction house, which was for many years the largest fine arts and book auction business in New York City. A large part of Leavitt's business remained selling books to the trade from his former publishing competitors.
George A. Leavitt's brother M.B. Leavitt died in 1882, At the time of his death Leavitt was still active in his auction house of George A. Leavitt & Co. The funeral was held at the home at 802 Lexington Avenue that he shared with his wife Mary Catherine (Cooley) Leavitt, whom he had married in 1848. Although the couple had seven children, only a daughter and a son were alive when he died. The former publisher and auctioneer was interred at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, with the burial oration delivered by Rev. E. Walpole Warren of Manhattan's Church of the Holy Trinity.
In noting Leavitt's passing, "The Publishers' Weekly" devoted a long obituary to the publishing careers of Leavitt and his bookbinder father. "No man could ever have had a better friend than George A. Leavitt", wrote the bible of the publishing industry, "and that was probably the chief reason the deceased did not succeed as he deserved."

</doc>
<doc id="20649095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649095" title="Keith Prosser">
Keith Prosser

Charles Keith Kipling Prosser 1897–1954) was the fifth Bishop of Burnley from 1950 until 1954. 
Educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham he served during World War I with the Royal Garrison Artillery after which he studied at Queens' College, Cambridge before ordaination in 1923. Successively curate of Bishop Latimer’s Church, Birmingham, Rector of Alert Bay, British Columbia and Rural Dean of Leigh he was ordained to the episcopate in 1950. He died in post four years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20649099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649099" title="Jerome High School">
Jerome High School

Jerome High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20649127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649127" title="Haar Jeet">
Haar Jeet


</doc>
<doc id="20649139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649139" title="List of places in Satu Mare">
List of places in Satu Mare

This is a list of the most important tourist sites in Satu Mare, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20649158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649158" title="1939 Rose Bowl">
1939 Rose Bowl

The 1939 Rose Bowl was the 25th Rose Bowl college football game, that took place in 1939. It featured the Southern California Trojans (8–2) against the Duke Blue Devils (9–0). Duke led after a 23-yard field goal by Tony Ruffa early in the fourth quarter. However, backup quarterback Doyle Nave of the Trojans completed four straight passes to "Antelope" Al Krueger who outmaneuvered Eric "The Red" Tipton, scoring the winning touchdown with one minute remaining. Krueger's touchdown marked the first points scored against Duke during the season.
For his performance in the game, Al Krueger was inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame in the class of 1995.
Scoring.
Fourth quarter.
Duke – Tony Ruffa 23-yard field goal
USC – Al Krueger, 19-yard pass from Doyle Nave (Gaspar kick)

</doc>
<doc id="20649175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649175" title="Electoral districts of Sri Lanka">
Electoral districts of Sri Lanka

The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka provides for the election of members of Parliament from 22 multi-member electoral districts through the proportional representation electoral system.
All but two of the electoral districts are conterminous with their namesake administrative district. The two exceptions are Jaffna (which covers the administrative districts of Jaffna and Kilinochchi) and Vanni (which covers the administrative districts of Mannar, Mullaitivu and Vavuniya). The first general election which used these electoral districts was in 1989.
Constitutional provision.
According to the constitution the Parliament should consist of 225 seats (members):
Delimitation commission.
The constitution required the establishment of a delimitation commission for the delimitation of the electoral districts and apportion the 36 provincial seats. The constitution limited the number of electoral districts to between 20 and 25.
The Delimitation Commission was appointed on 29 November 1978. Its decision was published on 15 January 1981. The country was divided into 22 electoral districts. 21 of the 22 electoral districts were conterminous with their namesake administrative district. The other electoral district - Vanni - consisted of the administrative districts of Mannar, Mullaitivu and Vavuniya. The 36 provincial seats were apportioned as follows:
Kilinochchi Administrative District was created from southern Jaffna Administrative District in February 1984. Consequently Jaffna Electoral District now consists of two administrative districts (Jaffna and Kilinochchi).
Jaffna seats controversy.
The annual updating of the electoral register in Sri Lanka is done by house-to-house enumeration. The civil war prevented house-to-house enumeration from taking place in most of the Northern Province from the mid-1980s onwards. For these areas the Department of Elections instead took the previous year's register and added anyone who had since turned 18.
The civil war resulted in significant population displacement and emigration from the Northern Province. Two of the biggest displacements occurred in 1995 and 2008. Virtually the entire population of the Jaffna peninsula fled to the Vanni in 1995 to escape the military onslaught by the Sri Lankan military as they tried to recapture the peninsula from the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam. Most of the population of the Vanni were displaced in 2008 as they fled the military onslaught by the Sri Lankan military to recapture the Vanni from the LTTE. Hundreds of thousands fled abroad from the Northern Province during the civil war. Tens of thousands also fled to other parts of Sri Lanka outside the conflict zone, particularly to the capital Colombo.
As a consequence of all this the electoral register for the Northern Province was overstated for many years. The civil war ended in May 2009 and in 2010 the first house-to-house enumeration in around 25 years took place in most of the Northern Province. The result of the enumeration was that about 300,000 electors were deleted from the electoral register for the Northern Province. Consequently the total number of parliamentary seats allocated to Jaffna Electoral District, one of the two electoral districts that make up the Northern Province, was reduced from 10 (2009) to 6 (2010). The number of parliamentary seats allocated to Vanni Electoral District, the other electoral district in the Northern Province, remained unchanged at 6.
Jaffna Electoral District's problems were exacerbated by the decision of the 1978 Delimitation Commission to allocate it only one of the four provincial seats - the other three provincial seats were allocated to Vanni Electoral District even though at that time Jaffna had more than four times the number of electors than Vanni. This decision meant that 30 years later Jaffna had the same number of total seats (six) as Vanni despite having more than twice the number of electors. Jaffna now also had one fewer seat than Ampara Electoral District, Hambantota Electoral District and Nuwara Eliya Electoral District despite having more electors. It had two fewer seats than Puttalam Electoral District despite having only 25,000 fewer electors.
The decision by the Department of Elections to reduce Jaffna's seats drew much criticism, particularly by opposition parties. They pointed out that although there are only a small number of people still in IDP camps, tens of thousands had not returned to their homes and were living with relatives due to the existence of High Security Zones and ongoing de-mining. It was not known if all of these people were registered to vote. For most people in the Northern Province rebuilding their lives after the devastating civil war had been far more important than registering to vote. Many also did not have any form of identification to register as they had lost their official documents during the frequent displacements. As result the electoral register for Jaffna Electoral District was likely to be understated. It was also not known if those who had fled to other parts of Sri Lanka like Colombo were registered to vote in those areas. The government and the Department of Elections rejected the criticism, saying that they were only doing what the constitution required them to do.
Number of seats per electoral district.
Current.
Current allocation of seats.
Historic.
Historical allocation of seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20649201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649201" title="1986–87 New York Rangers season">
1986–87 New York Rangers season

The 1986–87 New York Rangers season was the 61st season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, the Rangers finished in fourth place in the Patrick Division with 76 points, and qualified for the NHL playoffs. New York was eliminated in the first round of the playoffs by the Philadelphia Flyers.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1986 NHL Entry Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the Montreal Forum.
Supplemental Draft.
New York's picks at the 1986 NHL Supplemental Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20649202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649202" title="Perkins family of Ufton">
Perkins family of Ufton

The Perkins family of Ufton Nervet in the English county of Berkshire were a prominent Roman Catholic family in Protestant England. From 1581 until 1769, a span covering seven generations of the Perkins family, they lived at Ufton Court in the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="20649214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649214" title="U.S. Route 52 in North Carolina">
U.S. Route 52 in North Carolina

U.S. Route 52 is a north–south United States highway that runs for from the South Carolina state line, near McFarlan, to the Virginia state line, near Mount Airy. It serves as a strategic highway through the central North Carolina Piedmont.
Route description.
US 52 enters North Carolina at Mount Airy. A bypass around Mount Airy, which carries US 52 is designated as the Andy Griffith Parkway. It goes by Pilot Mountain one of the most distinctive natural features in North Carolina. Through the Piedmont Triad region, US 52 is mostly a limited-access freeway. The route joins Interstate 85 Business into Lexington, North Carolina and shares Interstate 85 around Salisbury, North Carolina. The segment of US 52 from Interstate 40 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina to Lexington is currently being upgraded to Interstate highway standards for the future Interstate 285 corridor. The segment from northern Winston-Salem to just south of Mount Airy is expected to form part of the Interstate 74 corridor through North Carolina.
South of the Triad area after splitting from Interstate 85 in Salisbury, US 52 is typically a two-lane route linking some of the state's smaller cities and towns. Albemarle is the largest municipality along this segment of US 52 to the South Carolina state line.
History.
US 52 was established in 1934 as a replacement of US 121/NC 66 from the Virginia state line, near Mount Airy, to Lexington and replacement of US 601/NC 80 from Lexington to the South Carolina state line, near McFarlan.
In the mid-1930s, US 52 was placed on current routing between Rocky River-Norwood and Misenheimer-Gold Hill. In Wadesboro, US 52 was routed along Morgan-Washington-Martin Streets; while in Stokes County, US 52 was placed on new road between Pilot Mountain and King.
In 1941, US 52 was removed from Salisbury Road and placed on its current routing, with US 29/70, south of Lexington. Between 1945-1949, US 52 was split in downtown Winston-Salem: northbound using the original Main Street route, southbound using Liberty Street and First Street. In 1949, US 52 was placed on a new bypass east of Pilot Mountain, leaving US 52A along the main street route.
In 1952, US 52 was placed onto new northern bypass of Lexington, its old route through became part of US 29A/70A and NC 8. In 1953, US 52 was placed onto new western bypass of Mount Airy, its old route through became US 52A (today US 52 Business). In either 1956 or 1957, US 52 was placed on its current route through Wadesboro, via US 74; also around same time period, US 52 was removed from Old Fancy Gap Road near the Virginia state line.
From 1960-1972, the next series of changes were in the Winston-Salem area; starting in 1960 with US 52 was removed from Main Street and onto Old Salem Road. In 1962, US 52 northbound was changed to Main Street, Fifth Street, and Liberty Street. By 1964, US 52 was placed onto new freeway from Winston-Salem, just south of East-West Expressway, to Pilot Mountain; this replaced the old route from Stanleyville to Pilot Mountain, becoming simply Old US 52. By 1973, US 52 was completed moved onto the completed North-South Expressway in Forsyth County, completely removing US 52 from all regular roads through the county.
In 1971, US 52 was joined with I-85, from the Yadkin River to Salisbury, leaving the downtown area. In 1980, the freeway from Forsyth County extended into Davidson County at Midway. By 1982, New London was placed on a short bypass west of town. Between 1985-1987, US 52 was given its current Albemarle bypass routing; in October, 2010, the routing was rebuilt along its southern portion. Between 1991-1993, US 52 was extended further south onto new freeway from Midway to Welcome in north Davidson County; by 1995, the freeway connected with the Lexington bypass, completing US 52's move from rural road to freeway from Lexington to Mount Airy.
U.S. Route 121.
U.S. Route 121 (US 121) was an original US highway, established in 1926, and was completely overlapped with NC 66. Beginning north from Main Street (US 70/NC 10), in Lexington, it went through Welcome and Midway to Winston-Salem. Traversing through Winston-Salem on Waughtown Road and Main Street, it exits north along Patterson Avenue to Stanleyville. Continuing north through Rural Hall, King, and Pilot Mountain, it reached downtown Mount Airy, before continuing on north into Virginia, via Old Fancy Gap Road. By 1929, US 121 was rerouted south of Winston-Salem along Spur Street; its old alignment remained part of NC 77. In late 1934, both US 121 and NC 66 was replaced by US 52.
Future.
Currently there is plans to widen US 52 between Wadesboro to NC 24/NC 27, in Albemarle, to four-lanes by around 2015 (STIP: R-2320).
In the more distant future, US 52 between NC 65, in Winston-Salem, to I-74, near Mount Airy, is planned to be reconstructed to interstate-grade standards (STIP: I-4404).
In Winston-Salem, a bridge replacement (built in 1964) is currently under construction that crosses over Liberty Street and the Norfolk Southern Railroad Switching Yard. The project includes widening of Liberty Street, ramp improvements along US 52, and install new traffic signals in area. It is estimated at $19 million and to be completed on November 1, 2012.
Upgrades of US 52 to interstate grade, between Interstate 85 and Interstate 40/US 311 are estimated to cost $8.725 million. Property acquisition will start in June, 2012, with construction scheduled for May, 2013. Once completed, US 52 will be in concurrency with Interstate 285.
Junction list.
!County
!Location
!Mile
!Exit
!Destinations
!Notes
!colspan=6|US 52 overlaps with Interstate 85 (exits 76 to 87)
Alternate names.
Though the highway is commonly known as "Highway 52" or "U.S. 52" throughout the state, the highway does have other known names it uses locally in areas.
Andy Griffith Parkway.
The Andy Griffith Parkway is an 11 mile (18 km) section of U.S. Route 52 in northern Surry County, North Carolina dedicated in honor of actor Andy Griffith. U.S. Route 52 through this stretch is a limited- controlled-access four-lane divided highway. Approximately of the 11 mile (18 km) section passes through the corporate limits of Griffith's hometown of Mount Airy, North Carolina.
Background.
Due to its close proximity to Pilot Mountain State Park, in 1977 U.S. Route 52 through Surry County and Stokes County was dedicated as the "Pilot Mountain Parkway" by the North Carolina Department of Transportation. However, in March 2002, the North Carolina Department of Transportation was approached by a grassroots group of residents of Mount Airy that felt that a highway dedication for Griffith was long overdue.
The group proposed to rename an 11 mile (18 km) section of the "Pilot Mountain Parkway" running from the Interstate 74 interchange north to the Virginia state line to the "Andy Griffith Parkway".The "Pilot Mountain Parkway" designation would remain from the Interstate 74 intersection south through Stokes County.
The group had the support of the dedication from several North Carolina state agency officials that included: Governor Mike Easley, State Treasurer Richard H. Moore and NCDOT Division 11 Board Member Sam Erby. Each of these officials played an integral role in expediting the renaming through the North Carolina Department of Transportation's Road and Bridge Naming Committee. The dedication also had the full support of Andy Griffith. The NCDOT Road and Bridge Naming Committee voted unanimously for the dedication at their July, 2002 meeting in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Dedication ceremony.
A dedication ceremony was held on October 16, 2002 in the parking lot behind City Hall in Mount Airy. Andy Griffith accepted the invitation to attend the ceremony. It was Griffith’s first public appearance in his hometown in over 40 years.
Also in attendance were: Griffith’s wife Cindi Griffith, Governor Mike Easley, former University of North Carolina President William C. Friday, Grandfather Mountain developer Hugh Morton, as well as many more State and local officials. More than 3000 Andy Griffith fans also attended to welcome Andy Griffith back to Mount Airy.

</doc>
<doc id="20649224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649224" title="Bishoftu Motorization Engineering Complex">
Bishoftu Motorization Engineering Complex

Bishoftu Motorization Engineering Complex is a repair and overhaul center for heavy armament, tanks and military vehicles. It is one of the organizations of the Ethiopian Defense Industry supporting the Ethiopian National Defense Force.
History.
The complex was set up in 1987 as a heavy repair center for tanks and armored vehicles. The Derg regime had plans to eventually produce tanks and armored vehicles at the complex.
Operations.
The complex is structured in five departments as follows:
Rebuild of all tanks and armored vehicles used by Ethiopian forces. 
Maintaining light and heavy trucks used by the Ethiopian ground forces.
The department overhauls engines and produces spare parts for tanks, armored vehicles and military trucks.
Repair and support of supply logistics by repairing and overhauling medium and heavy weapons. The electroplating shop is the largest both in its diversity and capacity in Ethiopia. 
Repair and maintain various communications apparatuses and electronic equipment in use with the Ethiopian forces.
Other services.
In order to fully utilize its capacity and generate income, the center provides services to civilian customers through spare parts supply, electroplating services, and manufacturing machineries for various civilian industries.
References.
FDRE Defense Industry, May 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20649260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649260" title="Jeffrey Hyland">
Jeffrey Hyland

Jeffrey Jonathon Hyland is an American real estate businessman, president of Hilton and Hyland, a real estate firm in Beverly Hills, California, and author. He is one the founding members of Christie's International Real Estate and serves on the Advisory Board.
Personal life and career.
Hyland was born and raised in Little Holmby in Los Angeles, California. He attended Cornell University. He obtained his broker license on 8 January 1975, shortly after graduating from United States International University.
During his early years in real estate, he became an architectural historian. He assisted in the publication of Paul Williams, "A Legacy of Style" by Karen Hudson and David Gebhard and Wallace Neff's "The Romance of Regional Architecture" In 1984 he co-authored the book, "The Estates of Beverly Hills".
He has served as President of the Beverly Hills Board of Realtors, President of the Los Angeles County Boards of Real Estate, and State Director for the California Association of Realtors.
Hilton & Hyland.
Hyland and Rick Hilton were issued a corporation license for their real estate firm Hilton & Hyland on 26 July 1993.
Former "Million Dollar Listing" cast members Chad Rogers and Josh Altman, Frank Robinson's daughter, Nichelle, Ron Kass's son, Robert, Anne Heche's former husband, Coleman Laffoon, and Richard D. Zanuck's daughter-in-law, Marisa, are among Hilton & Hyland's 106 salespeople.
Property sale to Teodoro Nquema Obiang.
In April 2006 Hyland represented the owner of an estate in Malibu which was sold to Teodoro Nguema Obiang. According to sources, Obiang's family has stolen millions of dollars from the people of their native Equatorial Guinea. Robert E. Williams, associate professor of political science at Pepperdine University, criticized Hyland for doing business with Obiang. However, it is unclear whether Hyland dealt with Obiang directly.
"The Legendary Estates of Beverly Hills".
Hyland is the author of "The Legendary Estates of Beverly Hills", a history of 50 estates in Beverly Hills, Holmby Hills, and Bel-Air. (ISBN 978-0-8478-3162-3) 

</doc>
<doc id="20649282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649282" title="History of Mad">
History of Mad

Debuting in August 1952 (cover-dated October–November), Mad began as a comic book, part of the EC line published from the Lower East Side in New York. In 1961, "Mad" moved its offices to midtown Manhattan; since 1996 its location has been at 1700 Broadway.
In the planning stages the new publication was referred to as "EC’s Mad Mag" (“The title was my suggestion.” Feldstein once said) but was shorted by Kurtzman to just ""Mad"."
The phrase "Tales Calculated to Drive You" above the title "Mad" referenced radio's "Suspense" which often used the opening, "Tales well calculated to keep you in… "Suspense"!" With wordplay on "jocular," the vertical subtitle, "Humor in a Jugular Vein," hinted at a sinister satirical edge.
Early artists.
Written almost entirely by Harvey Kurtzman, the first issue also featured illustrations by Kurtzman himself, along with Wally Wood, Will Elder, Jack Davis and John Severin. Wood, Elder and Davis were the three main illustrators throughout the 23-issue run of the book; Severin, a mainstay of Kurtzman's EC war comics, left the comic book by the tenth issue. Kurtzman included his own finished art only sporadically, primarily on covers. However, he was known as an exceedingly "hands-on" editor and a visual master, and thus many "Mad" articles were illustrated in strict accordance with Kurtzman's detailed layouts. A handful of other artists also contributed to the original run, including Bernard Krigstein, Russ Heath and most conspicuously among the non-regulars, Basil Wolverton.
The first two issues of "Mad" spoofed only comic books and movie genres of romance, horror, sports and science fiction, without overtly specific references. However, with issue #3, Kurtzman turned to direct parodies, targeting two well-known radio programs with parodies of "Dragnet" and "The Lone Ranger", and he soon began satirizing selected comic strips ("Little Orphan Melvin!"), comic books ("Superduperman!"), books ("Alice in Wonderland!"), films ("Hah! Noon!") and television programs ("Howdy Dooit!").
Expansion and evolution.
By mid-1953, William Gaines had made plans for expansion. After nine bi-monthly issues, "Mad" became a monthly with the April 1954 issue. At that same time, EC Comics launched another satirical bi-monthly, "Panic", edited by Al Feldstein. Since this new title also used Kurtzman's core trio of artists (Davis, Elder, Wood), the peeved editor felt that "Panic" sapped and diminished the creative energy necessary to meet "Mad"'s production schedule.
In 1955, with issue 24, the comic book converted to a magazine format. According to popular myth, this was done to escape the strictures of the Comics Code Authority, which was imposed in 1955 following U.S. Senate hearings on juvenile delinquency. Actually, Kurtzman had received a lucrative offer from another publisher, and only stayed when Gaines agreed to upgrade "Mad".
In a 1983 interview with "The Comics Journal", Gaines remembered:
The immediate practical result was that "Mad" acquired a broader range in both subject matter and presentation. Magazines had wider distribution than comic books, and a more adult readership.
However, the Comics Code Authority had proven fatal to most of Gaines's EC Comics line due to restrictions on title and content. Gaines suffered both financially and creatively from targeted industry censorship and the enmity of his fellow publishers. EC's national distributor, Leader News Co, was the nation's weakest and did not have the clout to withstand an undeclared industry boycott of EC product: the company's comics were frequently returned still in their original unopened bundles. These factors combined to drive all EC Comics from the stands, except for "Mad", which was too profitable to ignore. The company's financial status grew shakier in 1956 when Leader News Co. declared bankruptcy, leaving EC over $100,000 in debt. Only the Gaines family's investment of capital and a fortuitous deal with the much stronger American News distributor kept "Mad" afloat.
Al Feldstein's team.
After the bulk of EC's line was canceled in 1954–55, the company was completely reliant on the improving fortunes of "Mad". In a creative showdown, Kurtzman insisted on a 51 percent share in the company or else he would quit. When Gaines rejected the demand, EC was without its dominant creative force, and Kurtzman was separated from the magazine that crystallized his talents. Al Feldstein returned to EC and oversaw "Mad" during its greatest heights of circulation. Taking over with issue #29, Feldstein set to work assembling a phalanx of humor writers and cartoonists. His first issue as editor coincided with the debut of Don Martin: crucial longtime contributors such as prolific writer Frank Jacobs and star caricaturist Mort Drucker quickly followed. Before the classic "Mad" staff was assembled, Feldstein also relied on celebrity guest contributions to attract attention and fill pages. Some of these pieces, attributed to Bob and Ray, were actually the work of their main writer Tom Koch, who would flourish in "Mad" for decades under his own byline. By the early 1960s, working with art director John Putnam and such notables as Antonio Prohias, Al Jaffee and Dave Berg well in hand, Feldstein had fully established the format that was to be a commercial success for decades.
The "Mad" logo has remained largely unchanged since 1955, save for the decision to italicize the lettering beginning in 1997. For many years, the mysterious letters "IND" appeared in small type within the logo, between the M and the A. Sometimes the "Mad" logo included cavorting centaurs within the lettering, one of whom would be pointing directly at the IND. Though some fans speculated about the secret meaning of the "M-IND" message, the truth was more prosaic: from 1957 on, the magazine was handled by Independent News Distribution.
Circulation peak.
Al Feldstein joined "Mad" in the same year that "Time" described it as a "short-lived satirical pulp". By the time he left 28 years later, the magazine was commonly cited as one of the three greatest publishing successes of the 1950s, along with "Playboy" and "TV Guide". The magazine's circulation more than quadrupled during Feldstein's tenure, peaking at 2,132,655 in 1974, although it had declined to a third of this figure by the end of his time as editor. When Feldstein retired in 1984, he was replaced by the team of Nick Meglin and John Ficarra, who co-edited "Mad" for the next two decades. After Meglin retired in 2004, Ficarra continued to edit the magazine.
For tax reasons, Gaines sold his company in the early 1960s to the Kinney Parking Company. Kinney was in the process of becoming a conglomerate, including acquiring National Periodicals (aka DC Comics) and Warner Bros. by the end of that decade. Though technically an employee for 30 years, the fiercely independent Gaines was named a Kinney board member, and was largely permitted to run "Mad" as he saw fit without corporate interference.
By early 1978, "Mad" was obliged to include a UPC symbol on its covers. The magazine responded by devoting the entire front cover of issue #198 to a giant UPC bar code, saying they hoped it would "jam every computer in the country" for "forcing us to deface our covers with this yecchy UPC symbol from now on." For more than two years, subsequent issues labeled the normal-sized symbol with a series of humorous captions, such as "Closeup of the gap in Alfred E. Neuman's teeth" or "Hair of man watching horror movie."
Later history.
Following Gaines' June 3, 1992 death, "Mad" became more ingrained within the Time Warner corporate structure, which did not share Gaines' idiosyncratic ideas about marketing "Mad". Time Warner turned the magazine over to DC Comics' publishers Jenette Kahn and Paul Levitz, and DC Vice President Joe Orlando became the magazine's new associate publisher. Closely involved with DC licensing, Orlando had also been a staff artist with EC Comics in the 1950s, and a prolific contributor to "Mad" during the 1960s. Time Warner put a much stronger emphasis on "Mad" merchandising and licensing, including products for its chain of Warner Studio Stores. Orlando's Special Projects department at DC Comics hired Bhob Stewart to edit a new "Mad Style Guide" (1994), featuring artwork by Sergio Aragonés, Angelo Torres and George Woodbridge.
Eventually, the magazine was obliged to abandon its longtime home at 485 Madison Avenue (printed as "MADison" Avenue in the masthead), and in the mid-1990s it moved into DC Comics' offices at the same time DC relocated to 1700 Broadway. Although Orlando retired from DC Comics in 1996, he continued to design cover layouts for "Mad" right up until the month of his death in 1998.
In 2001, the magazine broke its longstanding taboo and began running advertising. The outside revenue allowed for the introduction of color printing and improved paper stock. Some black-and-white material, however, remains in each issue.
In April 2009, with issue #500, "Mad" contracted from a monthly schedule to a quarterly circulation. "Mad" editor John Ficarra joked that the move was in response to letters complaining that only every third issue is funny, "so we've decided to just publish those." The cover price was raised to $5.99.
In March 2010, "Mad" became a bimonthly magazine, coinciding with Paul Levitz stepping down as president of DC Comics.

</doc>
<doc id="20649332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649332" title="Art Museum by the Zoo">
Art Museum by the Zoo

Art Museum by the Zoo () is a 1998 South Korean film.
Plot.
On leave from the military, Cheol-soo arrives at his girlfriend's apartment only to find it occupied by another woman, Choon-hee. After a few days he finds out that his girlfriend is now engaged to someone else, and having nowhere else to go he ends up staying with Choon-hee. At first the two struggle to get along, but before long Chul-soo discovers that she is writing a screenplay to enter into a competition, and they end up working on a story together based on their own experiences of love, titling it "Art Museum by the Zoo."
Reception.
"Art Museum by the Zoo" was released in South Korea on December 19, 1998, drawing a then-impressive 412,472 viewers in Seoul alone, making it the fifth best-selling Korean film of 1998.
In 1999, Shim Eun-ha won Best Actress at the Grand Bell Awards, and Lee Sung-jae swept Best New Actor awards at the Baeksang Arts Awards, the Chunsa Film Art Awards, the Grand Bell Awards and the Blue Dragon Film Awards. 
Director Lee Jeong-hyang was praised for her sophisticated and detailed direction, and the film is now considered a classic of 1990s Korean cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="20649389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649389" title="1984–85 New York Rangers season">
1984–85 New York Rangers season

The 1984–85 New York Rangers season was the 59th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). In the regular season, New York had a 26–44–10 record and finished fourth in the Patrick Division. The Rangers made the NHL playoffs, where they lost to the Philadelphia Flyers in the first round, three games to none.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1984 NHL Entry Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the Montreal Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="20649399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649399" title="Cottered">
Cottered

Cottered is a village and civil parish west of Buntingford and east of Baldock in the East Hertfordshire District of Hertfordshire in England. It has a population of 634.
Among those who have held the living of Cottered may be mentioned the Rev Anthony Trollope, who was grandfather of the authors Anthony Trollope and Thomas Adolphus Trollope. He was incumbent of Cottered for forty-four years and died in 1806.
It has a football club, Cottered FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20649403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649403" title="Passer By (TV film)">
Passer By (TV film)

Passer By (2004) is a British television film broadcast on BBC One in two parts on 28 and 29 March 2004. It was directed by David Morrissey from a script by Tony Marchant and stars James Nesbitt as Joe Keyes, a man who sees Alice, a young woman played by Emily Bruni, accosted by some men on a train one night. Alice looks to Joe for help but he ignores her predicament and gets off the train. A few days later, the police are seeking witnesses to a sexual assault against Alice. Joe unwillingly comes forward but, when giving evidence against the men in court, cannot bring himself to admit that he did nothing to save Alice.
The film was commissioned by the BBC's director of serials Laura Mackie at the outline stage. Marchant did not want to extend the script to any more than two parts because he thought two was the right length. He previously worked with Morrissey and producer David Snodin on the 1997 television series "Holding On". The script went through five drafts; refinements included making Joe's wife less judgemental, and seeing other characters in the wider world reacting to Joe. It was filmed over 30 days.
The first part received 6.9 million viewers, and the second part 6.7 million (28% audience share). The second part was the first time BBC One won the 9–10 p.m. timeslot in two months. Final ratings, accounting for viewers who recorded it to watch later, brought part one up to 7.47 million and part two up to 7.54 million. "Passer By" received negative critical reaction from the "New Statesman".
It was repeated by UKTV Drama on 28 December 2004 as a single feature-length film.

</doc>
<doc id="20649407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649407" title="Eddy (surname)">
Eddy (surname)

The surname Eddy is used by descendants of a number of English, Irish and Scottish families.
Etymology.
Frank R. Holmes, in his "Directory of the Ancestral Heads of New England Families, 1600-1700", proposes two possible origins; the Gaelic "eddee", "instructor", or from the Saxon "ed" and "ea", "backwards" and "water", a whirlpool or eddy, making the surname Eddy a place-name. Another possible origin is the Saxon root "ead", "success" or "prosperity". "Ead" occurs in numerous commonly used names, as Edgar, Edmund, Edward, Edwin, and the outdated Edwy. John Eddy of Taunton spells the name Eddway in the earliest record so far found. Eddy could also be a diminutive of any one of these names. Robert Ferguson, in his work on "English Surnames", believes that Eddy is a place-name: “Eday, Eady, Eddy are from ead, prosperity. Hence the name of the rock Eddiston, on which the celebrated light house is built. From this word are compounded a great number of Anglo-Saxon names of which we have Edward, Edmund, Edgar,Edw Edwin.”
Early history.
One of the first mentions that is close to the form of Eddy, is the name of the priest Eddi or Edde, Latinized into Eddius. He went to Northumbria from Canterbury with Bishop Wilfrid (or Wilfrith) in 669, and later took the name Stephanus. He taught the Roman method of chanting, and in 709 he was in the monastery of Ripon, where he wrote a life of Wilfrid in Latin.
In the "Domesday Book", the name Eddeu is used in a description of Little Abington, Cambridgeshire, and during the time of Edward the First there were a number of people named Ede, Edde, and Edwy on the tax collection rolls of Worcestershire. There is a record in Hertfordshire, of a William Edy, Gentleman, in 1486. Edie, Eddy, Eddye, Edshune and Edye are found in numerous records in Gloucestershire from 1545 onward. At Woodbridge, Suffolk, Eyde is found as a surname between 1599 and 1610.
Starting from 1570 in the records of many parishes of the Archdeaconry Court of Cornwall, the following surnames are found: Edy, Eady, Eedy, Ede, Edye, Eddey, and Eddy. In Bristol, the town where William Eddye, the Vicar, was born, a number of wills from the late 16th century have the surname of Eddie, Eddye or Eddy. Ade, Adie, Addy, Eadie are common Scottish surnames. These may be forms of the name “Adam”. David Eadie of Moneaght, Scotland, was granted a coat of arms in 1672.
The surname in North America.
In North America, the largest family group who bears the Eddy surname are descended from two brothers, John and Samuel, who immigrated to America on October 29, 1630 on a ship called "Handmaid". Their father, William Eddye, was the Vicar of the church in Cranbrook, England, from 1586–1616 and was born in Bristol in the mid-16th century. Other Northern American "patriarchs" are John Eddy who lived in Taunton, Massachusetts in the late 17th century; John Eddy of Woodbridge, New Jersey, (Scottish) who immigrated in the early 18th century; James Eddy, born in Dublin, Ireland, around 1712, and immigrated in 1753; Thomas Eddy, immigrated in the late 18th century to Fort Ann, New York, from Ireland; brothers William and John Eddy, immigrated from Ireland to New York city in the mid 19th century; and William Dave Eddy, who came to the United States from Cornwall, England, in 1887. There is a currently large family of Eddys in Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="20649422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649422" title="1972–73 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1972–73 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1972–73 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 46th season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing twentieth.
The season also saw Cardiff-born Phil Dwyer, who would go on to break the club's appearance record, make his debut for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20649457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649457" title="I Only Have Eyes for You (disambiguation)">
I Only Have Eyes for You (disambiguation)

"I Only Have Eyes for You" is a popular song by composer Harry Warren and lyricist Al Dubin and performed by many artists.
I Only Have Eyes for You may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20649474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649474" title="Arikareean">
Arikareean

The Arikareean North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 30,600,000 to 20,800,000 years BP, a period of . It is usually considered to overlap the Oligocene and Miocene epochs and end by the early Pleistocene. The Arikareean is preceded by the Whitneyan and followed by the Hemingfordian NALMA stages.
The Arikareean can be further divided into the substages of: 

</doc>
<doc id="20649478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649478" title="Velocette LE">
Velocette LE

The Velocette LE was a motorcycle made by Velocette from 1948 to 1970. The designation LE stood for "little engine". Used by over fifty British Police forces, the police riders became known as "Noddies" because they were required to nod to senior officers, and the LE was nicknamed "the Noddy Bike". Production ended in 1970 when the company ran into financial problems and went into voluntary liquidation.
The Mk11 LE.
Velocette's Director, Eugene Goodman, planned an innovative and radical design that would appeal to a new market that needed cheap, clean and reliable transport. Designer Charles Udall developed the Velocette LE as a "conceived-as-a-whole" design, with engine, gearbox, drive shaft and bevel box in a single unit to do a specific job.
The Velocette LE was launched at the British International Motor Show at Earls Court in 1948 as the "Motorcycle for Everyman". With a 150 cc four-stroke, water-cooled, horizontally opposed twin-cylinder engine, the LE also had a radiator and was fitted with coil ignition to help starting. The three-speed gearbox, engine and clutch were contained in special castings, and final drive was by a shaft mounted in a swing frame with adjustable suspension. Aluminium leg shields were designed to keep the rain off, and footboards gave it a scooter feel.
Instruments included a speedometer and trip recorder. To reduce noise and vibration, the engine was rubber mounted, and the pressed steel frame was lined with soundproofing felt. The water-cooled engine was well silenced, and riders reported that sometimes they only knew the engine was running was by checking the ignition light. Carrying capacity was boosted by quickly detachable panniers and a glove compartment in front of the petrol tank. All this made the MkI LE expensive, however, at £126 compared with the BSA Bantam at £76. The odd looks also meant that it did not appeal to the usual motorcycle buyer.
Mk II LE.
Launched in 1951 the Mk II had a 192 cc engine, giving an extra 2 hp, and strengthened bearings. Sales remained poor, however, and the company had to reduce the price. The clutch was upgraded, and an Amal 363 monobloc carburetor replaced the standard unit. The rear swinging arm was uprated with cast aluminium to improve rigidity, and the brakes were improved. The petrol tank capacity was also increased from 1.25 gallons to 1.62 gallons (7.4 litre).
A breakthrough for Velocette was when over fifty British Police forces decided to use the LE for patrols and ordered more than half the production. Ex-police machines can be identified by the after market fittings for the police radio. These include the manufacturers data plate being moved to the headstock, the word 'POLICE' stamped under the generator cover and a distinctive V shaped pressing rivetted in front of the seat. This was designed to keep rainwater out of the battery compartment.
The Noddy name.
Metropolitan Police Officers of the time were trained to salute an Inspector or above, but when riding the Velocette LE this meant taking one hand from the handle bars, so it was agreed that instead they could nod to show respect. The police riders therefore became known as "Noddies", and the LE was nicknamed "the Noddy Bike".
The Mk III LE.
In 1958, Velocette launched the Mk III LE with a foot operated gear change and a conventional kick start. An extra gear was added, together with wheels. The instrumentation was relocated to the head lamp, and the petrol capacity was increased from a meagre 1.25 gallons to 1.62 gallons.
With ten years development, the Velocette LE was more reliable and practical, but in 1970 the company went into voluntary liquidation. Production of other motorcycles had been delayed or canceled to produce the LE in various forms, and the lucrative police orders had dried up with the introduction of the "panda car" for patrol use by most forces. Kent County Constabulary purchased the remaining spare parts and were able to keep LE's running until 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20649480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649480" title="Heatherslaw Light Railway">
Heatherslaw Light Railway

The Heatherslaw Light Railway is a gauge passenger carrying railway in Northumberland, England, near the border with Scotland.
Founded by Neville Smith, the railway opened in 1989 on the Ford and Etal estate. It operates over a route from Heatherslaw to Etal Village, a return trip of 4.5 miles. The railway normally operates from March to October inclusive, with an hourly (half-hourly during busy days) train service, but closes for the winter season. The passenger coaches include facilities for transporting wheel chairs and buggys, and a typical summer season eight-coach train can convey up to 90 passengers.
Motive Power.
The railway's principal locomotive from its opening has been a 0-4-2 steam engine named "The Lady Augusta". Lady Augusta was built under contract with the workshops at the Ravenglass & Eskdale Railway and entered service in 1989. She has successfully pulled up to 100 passengers a trip for 21 years.
The second locomotive is a diesel hydraulic locomotive named "Clive". This was built on site at Heatherslaw by Neville Smith and Sid Ford. 
In 2010, a third locomotive partially built by Neville Smith and completed by Alan Keef. The loco has been named "Bunty", Neville's nickname for his wife, Bernice. 
Stations.
The station at Heatherslaw features an overall roof covering 1 concrete-slabbed platform; a third line serves as a locomotive release road for engines to run round trains; there are also storage sidings and sheds, as well as a ticket office and shop. The station at Etal has a simple terminal passing loop and a turntable.

</doc>
<doc id="20649503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649503" title="Antonina Melnikova">
Antonina Melnikova

Antonina Melnikova (born February 19, 1958) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the early 1980s. She won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20649523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649523" title="Line (poetry)">
Line (poetry)

A line is a unit of language into which a poem or play is divided, which operates on principles which are distinct from and not necessarily coincident with grammatical structures, such as the sentence or clauses in sentences. Although the word for a single poetic line is "verse", that term now tends to be used to signify poetic form more generally.
A distinct numbered group of lines in verse is normally called a "stanza".
General conventions in Western poetry.
The conventions that determine what might constitute line in poetry depend upon different constraints, aural characteristics or scripting conventions for any given language. On the whole, where relevant, a line is generally determined either by units of rhythm or repeating aural patterns in recitation that can also be marked by other features such as rhyme or alliteration, or by patterns of syllable-count.
In Western literary traditions, use of line is arguably the principal feature which distinguishes poetry from prose. Even in poems where formal metre or rhyme is weakly observed or absent, the convention of line continues on the whole to be observed, at least in written representations, although there are exceptions (see "Degrees of license"). In such writing, simple visual appearance on a page (or any other written layout) remains sufficient to determine poetic line, and this sometimes leads to a "charge" that the work in question is no longer a poem but "chopped up prose". A dropped line is a line broken into two parts, with the second indented to remain visually sequential. 
Distinct forms of line, as defined in various verse traditions, are usually categorised according to different rhythmical, aural or visual patterns and metrical length appropriate to the language in question. (See Metre.) 
One visual convention that is optionally used to convey a traditional use of line in printed settings (in languages represented by alphabetic scripts) is capitalisation of the first letter of the first word of each line regardless of other punctuation in the sentence, but it is not necessary to adhere to this. Other formally patterning elements, such as end-rhyme, may also strongly indicate how lines occur in verse. 
In the speaking of verse, a line ending may be pronounced using a momentary pause, especially when its metrical composition is "end-stopped", or it may be elided such that the utterance can flow seamlessly over the line break in what can be called "run-on".
Degrees of license.
In more "free" forms, and in so-called free verse in particular, conventions for the use of line become, arguably, more arbitrary and more visually determined such that they may only be properly apparent in typographical representation and/or page layout.
One extreme deviation from a conventional rule for line can occur in concrete poetry where the primacy of the visual component may over-ride or subsume poetic line in the generally regarded sense, or sound poems in which the aural component stretches the concept of line beyond any purely semantic coherence.
At another extreme, the so-called prose poem simply eschews poetic line altogether.
Examples.
The most famous and widely used line of verse in English prosody is the iambic pentameter, while one of the most common of traditional lines in surviving classical Latin and Greek prosody was the hexameter. Classical Sanskrit poetry, such as the Ramayana and Mahabharata, was most famously composed using the shloka.
Pioneers of the freer use of line in Western culture include Whitman and Apollinaire.

</doc>
<doc id="20649531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649531" title="List of museums in France">
List of museums in France

List of museums in France by location.
Sources.
Guide Dexia of the 10 000 museums and private collections in France, Dom-Tom, Andorre et Monaco by Alain Morley and Guy le Vavasseur, Cherche-Midi Editeur, 2001

</doc>
<doc id="20649579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649579" title="Sibyl Vane">
Sibyl Vane

Sibyl Vane is a main character of Oscar Wilde's novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray". She is Dorian Gray's lover. 
Sibyl Vane is a main character in Vladimir Nabokov's short story, "The Vane Sisters" She is a student at an all-female college who commits suicide after her lover, a professor at the school, ends their relationship.
The name may also refer to the band Sibyl Vane (band)

</doc>
<doc id="20649601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649601" title="Whitwell Old Hall">
Whitwell Old Hall

Whitwell Old Hall is an early 17th-century manor house at Whitwell, Derbyshire. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The manor of Whitwell was purchased in the 16th century by Sir John Manners of Haddon Hall ( second son of Thomas Manners, 1st Earl of Rutland). He was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1585 and rebuilt the old manor house. The garden front of two storeys has seven irregular bays and three gables. Although extended and altered in later centuries the house retains much of its 17th-century appearance.
Sir Roger Manners (High Sheriff in 1618) died about 1650 although the house remained in the ownership of the Manners family of Haddon ( who in the 18th century inherited the Rutland Earldom) until 1813 when it was sold by exchange to the Duke of Portland.
In the 19th century the house served as the local National School.

</doc>
<doc id="20649626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649626" title="Mark Gevisser">
Mark Gevisser

Mark Gevisser (born 1964) is a South African author and journalist best known for his biography of Thabo Mbeki, his country's second democratically-elected president.
After graduating from Yale in 1987 "magna cum laude" with a degree in comparative literature, Gevisser worked in New York, writing for "Village Voice" and "The Nation" before returning to South Africa in 1990.
His work has been published in the "Mail & Guardian", "The Sunday Times", the "Sunday Independent", "The New York Times Magazine", "The Observer", "The Guardian" and "The New York Times".
Gevisser's book on the South African president, "Thabo Mbeki: The Dream Deferred", won the 2008 Alan Paton Award; his political profiles were collected as "Portraits of Power: Profiles in a New South Africa", published in 1996; and he co-edited "Defiant Desire: Gay and Lesbian Lives in South Africa" with Edwin Cameron. An abridged version of the Mbeki biography, "A Legacy of Liberation: Thabo Mbeki and the Future of the South African Dream", was published in 2009, with an epilogue briefly detailing Mbeki's usurpation at the hands of Jacob Zuma. Composed over the course of more than a decade spent tracking Mbeki and studying the course of his life in the struggle against apartheid, the book takes a mixed view of its subject, deploring, for instance, his policies on Zimbabwe (with his "quiet diplomacy" and refusal to condemn Robert Mugabe) and HIV/AIDS (the latter of which may, according to a Harvard study, directly have resulted in 330,000 deaths, and which cost the author several friends "who saw, in any attempt at empathy, a collusion in genocide"), and praising his canny diplomacy and cool-headed management of the negotiations of the early 1990s.
Gevisser's book "Lost and Found in Johannesburg: A Memoir" will be published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux in 2014.
Personal life.
Mark Gevisser lives in France and South Africa. In 2009, he wrote about his marriage to his partner, a black man.

</doc>
<doc id="20649638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649638" title="Recurring features in Mad (magazine)">
Recurring features in Mad (magazine)

Mad is known for many regular and semi-regular recurring features in its pages.
Fold-ins.
Every issue but two of "Mad" from 1964 to the present has featured a Fold-in, designed by artist Al Jaffee. They usually appear on the inside back cover, though one issue featured a Fold-in front cover and the year-end "Mad 20" issues move the feature to an interior page. In each Fold-in question is asked, often of a topical nature. The subject is illustrated by a picture taking up the bulk of the page, with a block of text underneath. When the page is folded inward, the inner and outer fourths of the picture combine to reveal an alternate answer in both picture and words. Jaffee's precise layouts sometimes include false visual cues designed to trick the reader's eye towards an incorrect solution.
"The Lighter Side of…".
From 1961 to 2002, Dave Berg produced "The Lighter Side of…", which often satirized the suburban lifestyle, capitalism and the generation gap. Subjects commonly lampooned include medicine, office life, parties, marriage, psychiatry, shopping, school and other everyday activities. Although this feature eventually became notorious for its corny gags and garishly outdated fashion choices, the "Mad" editors reported that it was the magazine's most popular feature. "The Lighter Side" was more pointed in its early years, providing the sort of Americana-based humor that standups such as Shelley Berman and Alan King performed successfully onstage. The feature was retired with Berg's death.
Four months after the last Berg artwork was published, his final set of gags, which Berg had written but not penciled, appeared as a tribute. These last "Lighter Side" strips were divided among 18 of the magazine's regular artists, including Jack Davis' last original work for "Mad". In 2007, an occasional feature called "The Darker Side of the Lighter Side" debuted. These consist of reprinted Berg strips, with rewritten word balloons that change the gags to references about disease, sex offenders, corpse disposal and other unsavory, un-Berg-like topics.
"Spy vs. Spy".
Antonio Prohías's wordless "Spy vs. Spy," the never-ending battle between the iconic Black Spy and White Spy, ended up outlasting the Cold War that inspired it. Except for the respective black/white color of their clothing, the two spies were identical in appearance and intent. The strip was a silent parable about the futility of mutually-assured destruction, with various elaborate deathtraps designed in Prohías' thick line. Typically, the trap would boomerang back on whichever spy had concocted it. There was no pattern or order dictating which spy would be killed in a particular episode. A female "Grey Spy" occasionally appeared; unlike her two adversaries, she always prevailed. Although Prohías retired from doing the strip in the late 1980s, "Spy vs. Spy" continued in a series of different hands until 1997, when Peter Kuper took over as the full-time writer-artist. However, the original Morse Code byline "by Prohias" remains in each strip's title.
Don Martin gags.
Don Martin, billed as "Mad's Maddest Artist," drew gag cartoons, generally one page but sometimes longer, featuring lumpen characters with apparently hinged feet. Martin's absurd sight gags were frequently punctuated by an array of onomatopoeic sound effects such as "GLORK" or "PATWANG-FWEEE", coined by Martin himself (or by frequent ghost writer Don Edwing). Martin's wild physical comedy would eventually make him the signature artist of the magazine.
When Martin first joined "Mad", he employed a nervous, scratchy art style, but this developed into a rounder, more cartoony look. Many of his cartoons used similar titles (e.g., "One Exceedingly Fine Day at the Beach"), and these titles became increasingly elaborate (e.g., "One Night in the Acme Ritz Central Arms Waldorf Plaza Statler Hilton Grand Hotel," "One Hot Sunny Afternoon in the Middle of the Ocean," or "One Fine Day at the Corner of South Finster Boulevard and Fonebone Street").
Martin's 31-year association with "Mad" ended in some rancor over the ownership of his original artwork. Not long after leaving "Mad", Martin ended up working at "Mad"'s competitor "Cracked", which, unlike "Mad", allowed creators to keep their pages. In 1994, Martin left "Cracked" and published a handful of issues of his own self-titled publication.
"A Mad Look at…" and "Drawn-Out Dramas".
Sergio Aragonés has written and drawn his "A Mad Look At…" feature for 49 years. Each is a series of gag strips with a common theme. Aragonés' "Mad" cartooning is notable for almost never using word balloons; when they occur at all, they will most often feature a drawing of whatever is being discussed. Aragonés will periodically bend this rule for a store window sign, a stray "Gesundheit," or some other dialogue vital to the punchline.
Aragonés also provides the "Mad Marginals" or "Drawn-out Dramas", which are small gag images that appear throughout the magazine in its corners, margins or the narrow spaces between panels. Aragonés debuted the feature in "Mad" #76 (January 1963), and it has appeared in every issue of the magazine since, except for "Mad" #111. According to Aragonés, his work for that issue was lost in the mail.
Movie and TV show parodies.
A typical issue will include at least one full parody of a popular movie or television show. The titles are changed to create a play on words; for instance, "The Addams Family" became "The Adnauseum Family." The character names are generally switched in the same fashion.
These articles run for several pages, and are presented as a sequential storyline with caricatures and word balloons. The opening page or two-page splash usually consists of the cast of the show introducing themselves directly to the reader. In some parodies, the writers sometimes attempt to circumvent this convention by presenting the characters without such direct exposition. Many parodies end with the abrupt "deus ex machina" appearance of outside characters or pop culture figures who are thematically tied in to the nature to the movie or TV series being parodied, or who comment satirically on the theme. For example, Dr. Phil arrives to counsel the psychologically damaged "Desperate Housewives"; in another spoof, the former cast of "Sex and the City" are hired as the new hookers for another HBO series, "Deadwood".
The parodies frequently make comedic use of the fourth wall, breaking character, and meta-references. Within an ostensibly self-contained storyline, the characters may refer to the technical aspects of filmmaking, the publicity, hype or box office surrounding their project, their own past roles or real-life circumstances, and critical analysis of clichés. In the final panel of "The $ound of Money", the magazine's 1966 parody of "The Sound of Music", Julie Andrews sings a parody of the song "Climb Ev'ry Mountain". The rewritten lyrics reference both the producers' decision to create scarcity and maximize box office profits by running the film in just one theater per city at inflated ticket prices ("Charge high admissions; / Let people wait; / That will make them think they're / Seeing something great!"), as well as Warner Brothers' decision to replace Andrews with Audrey Hepburn in its movie adaptation of "My Fair Lady". Andrews had been a great success as Eliza Doolittle in the original Broadway production, but she was passed over for the film role. Despite the high-profile snub, Andrews made an Oscar-winning debut in "Mary Poppins" – released four months before "My Fair Lady" – and solidifying her big screen success with "The Sound of Music". Concluding the "Mad" parody, Andrews gleefully sings:
Several show business stars have been quoted to the effect that the moment when they knew they'd finally "made it" was when they saw themselves thus depicted in the pages of "Mad". Many celebrities parodied by the magazine have posed for photographs which were printed in "Mad"'s letters column, generally holding the copy of the magazine they appeared in, and frequently, reacting in some comical way. After the magazine depicted the main cast of "L.A. Law" on a 1987 cover, the actors responded with a photo in which the actors mimicked their caricatured poses and placement, with series creator Steven Bochco blacking out a tooth and taking the place of Alfred E. Neuman.
Guns N Roses guitarist Slash told "Mojo", "The magazine cover that has meant the most to me was probably when I appeared in "Mad Magazine", as a caricature of Alfred E. Neuman (#330, 1994). That was when I felt that I'd arrived." Film critic Roger Ebert said that being parodied by "Mad" was "the ultimate honor." In an appearance on "The Tonight Show", Michael J. Fox told Johnny Carson that he knew he had made it in show business "when Mort Drucker drew my head." Howard Stern has often talked about what the magazine meant to him, as in January 2009 when he said, "My greatest career highlight was being on the cover of Mad Magazine." He revisited the topic in October 2013, saying, "It really was the pinnacle of success for me, that I could be on the cover of MAD Magazine, with Alfred E. Neuman plunging my head into a toilet bowl. I was just so thrilled and happy... I couldn't believe it."
Monroe.
"Monroe" was an ongoing storyline about an angst-filled teenaged loser. It depicted the title character's travails in school, his dysfunctional home and his relentless troubles elsewhere. Written by Anthony Barbieri, it was illustrated by Bill Wray from 1997 to 2006. The previously black-and-white feature was colorized in 2005, and went on hiatus for much of 2006. When it returned, it was drawn by Tom Fowler with Barbieri remaining the writer. It last appeared in January 2010.
Irregular recurring features.
Several "Mad" premises have been successful enough to warrant additional installments, though not with the regularity of the above. These include:
Besides the above, "Mad" has returned to certain themes and areas again and again, such as fullblown imaginary magazines, greeting cards, nursery rhymes, Christmas carols, song parodies and other poetry (including several versions of "Casey at the Bat"), comic strip takeoffs and others.
Table of Contents.
The first page of each issue lists all the articles to follow, including their "Department" headings, which are plays on words. For example, a parody of a pizza chain's menu appeared under "The Passion of the Crust Department," while an article entitled "William Shakespeare, Sports Commentator" was part of "The Play-By-Play's the Thing Department." Long-running features had equally long-running headers: "Spy vs. Spy" is filed under the "Joke and Dagger Department," Dave Berg's "Lighter Side of..." always ran within the "Berg's Eye View Department," and many of Frank Jacobs' articles come under the "Frank on a Roll Department." Don Martin's crazy cartoons were simply labelled "Don Martin Department," with further fanfare presumably being unnecessary. Dick DeBartolo's articles occasionally are headed under the "Dick DePartment", while some of Duck Edwing's articles were labeled as the "Tales from The Duck Side" Dept. Most of the magazine's other recurring features have had their own continuing "Department."
Each Table of Contents cites one article that does not actually exist. Examples of these imaginary listings have included "Santa Claus, Porn Star"; "What if Cap'n Crunch Was Brought Before a Military Tribunal?"; "If Bobby Knight Coached the Special Olympics"; "Only the Assistant Undersecretary of Transportation Would Possibly Believe..."; and "Snappy Answers to Stupid Questions During the Bombing of Belgrade." In one instance, the fake title listed, "If Chickens Could Time Travel," showed up as a genuine article in the next issue.
Each Table of Contents also includes a quote or aphorism attributed to Alfred E. Neuman. With a handful of exceptions, this is the only time the character ever "speaks."
Letters and Tomatoes Dept..
An esoteric version of the standard "Letters to the Editors," this section of the magazine includes correspondence from readers, reader drawings or craft projects, celebrity photos, references to "Mad" in other media, and so forth. In recent years, all letters are typically answered in a snide and insulting manner, and always include a pun or twist on the sender's name.
The first "Letters" section (then called "Mad Mumblings") appeared in MAD #3 (January–February 1953). The first letter printed came from a Marine Corps corporal named Eugene F. Shanlin, who said he "had never heard people laugh out loud at a comic magazine before!" (Shanlin later became a New York City policeman before retiring to Florida, dying in 2000 at the age of 69.)
There have been a few recurring sub-departments, including the "Make a Dumb Wish Foundation" which promised to make readers' stupid requests come true (a parody of the Make a Wish Foundation); "Antiques Freakshow with Hans Brickface", in which photographs of readers' bizarre household items were appraised by the slightly psychotic Hans; absurd one-sentence observations called "MAD Mumblings", which were typically non sequiturs posted online by the readers; and celebrity "Two-Question Interviews" which were essentially over before they began, thus revealing nothing.
The magazine solicits reader photos of famous people posing with a copy of "Mad". Once a year, "Mad" publishes "The Nifty Fifty," listing 50 famous people they hope to see in upcoming "Celebrity Snaps". A reader who successfully gets one of the fifty to pose ih a photo gets a free three-year subscription (provided that the celebrity is touching the issue). Some celebrities send in photos of themselves, typically in response to the magazine having targeted them in a previous issue. The magazine was delighted to publish a photo of Dan Quayle unwittingly holding the "PROOFREADER WANTED" cover of "Mad" #355, on which the magazine's logo appeared as "MAAD." During a photo op in 1992, the then-Vice President had incorrectly "corrected" an elementary school student on the way Quayle thought the word "potato" should be spelled.
The Fundalini Pages.
Beginning with its February 2004 edition, "Mad" has led off its issues with this catch-all section of various bits, which are far shorter or smaller than normal "Mad" articles. They often appear as many as three to six per page. Some of these pieces are produced in-house; others are the work of freelancers. All contributors for each month were credited en masse, as "Friends of Fundalini." For this reason, it is not always apparent which contributor is responsible for which item, particularly the writers. Beginning with issue number 500 (June 2009), writers and artists (except editorial staff members) have been given credit for individual contributions. Most Fundalini features are one-shot gags that never appear again, some have appeared multiple times, and a few have become regular features. Among the recurring elements in the Fundalini section are:
Created for Fundalini.
A Wikipedia parody has appeared twice, first called "Wonkypedia," and then "Wakipedia." Both entries featured a convoluted assortment of unrelated facts, in the style of an inaccurate or vandalized Wikipedia page (e.g. the "article" on Pearl Harbor discussed Mao Tse-Tung's surprise attack and how it led to the bombing of Chernobyl). Wonkypedia is now an actual website.
Truncated versions of two preexisting features, *Celebrity Cause of Death Betting Odds" and *Melvin and Jenkins' Guide to..." have been moved to Fundalini.
The Strip Club.
An assortment of short gag comic strips drawn by various artists, it has appeared roughly every other month since its debut in the July 2005 issue. It typically runs three pages, and is a combination of one-shot gags and recurring features. Among the repeated strip characters are an omnipotent superhero called Fantabulaman; a hero robot named Santon; Rob, the Evil Backstabbing Robot Temp; Father O'Flannity, a priest who conducts celebrity interviews in a hot tub; and the unnamed protagonists who use "The Machine that Travels Through Time."
Go Fetch!
Blurring the line between advertising and content was Go Fetch!, a 2005-06 list of newly released media products such as videogames, DVD releases, music albums and books. Each product listing had "The Hype" and "The Snipe", in which its good and bad qualities were expounded. Each Go Fetch! also promoted "the Must Have", an idiosyncratic (but real) product which no "Mad" reader should be without, such as cold galvanizing spray, or a pneumatic jackhammer. Go Fetch! was an odd cross between the wise-ass "Mad" mentality and the sort of product ratings generally associated with "Rolling Stone". It was an overtly commercial feature, with some one-liners thrown in with the apparent hope of making it more palatable. As such, Go Fetch! was heavily criticized by many of the magazine's loyal readers as a betrayal of the magazine's original satiric mission. In its year of existence, Go Fetch! appeared in eight of 12 issues, but the feature has been defunct since June 2006.
"The Mad 20".
Since 1998, in every January issue, "Mad" has commemorated the "20 Dumbest People, Events and Things" of the year. These emphasize the visual motif above all else, parodying such things as movie posters, famous paintings, or magazine covers, though one or two text-heavier takeoffs are usually sprinkled into each year's assortment. The feature is reminiscent of the old "Spy Magazine"'s "Spy 100" list, which purported to catalogue "Our Annual Census of the 100 Most Annoying, Alarming, and Appalling People, Places and Things."
Though the "20 Dumbest People, Events and Things" are numbered 1-20, the "rankings" appear to be essentially random. The "20th dumbest" slot of 2001 was awarded to "Mad" itself for its "slide down the slippery slope of greedy commercialism" in finally permitting advertising in its pages.
Keeping in mind the indiscriminate positioning, these were the "#1" selections for the various years:
Running gags and recurring images.
"Mad" has made frequent use of esoteric words, including potrzebie, furshlugginer, veeblefetzer, Moxie, ganef, halavah, and axolotl. Many, but not all of these words are of Yiddish or Jewish origin. Favored humorous names included Melvin, Bitsko, Kaputnik, Cowznofski, and Fonebone. "Mad" used the word "ecch" or its cousins "blecch" and "Yeech" as an all-purpose expression of disgust so often that even "The Simpsons" later made passing references to the practice, showing "Mad" covers with the unseen parodies "Beauty and the Blecch" and "NYPD Blecch".
The word "hoohah" was an early running gag, often exclaimed by excited characters in the comic book issues written by Harvey Kurtzman; the first story in the first issue of "Mad" was titled "Hoohah!". Its Eastern European feel was a perfect fit for the New York Jewish style of the publication. The precise origin of "hoohah" is unknown, although it may have sprung from the Hungarian word for "wow", which is "hűha ". Kristin Chenoweth has been known to use the word to refer to her vagina, as in "I sing from my hoohah!".
"It's crackers to slip a rozzer the dropsy in snide" was a non sequitur-ish phrase that found its way into "Mad" on several occasions in the 1950s; this was dated British slang meaning "it is foolhardy to bribe a policeman with counterfeit money." (The phrase originated in Margery Allingham's mid-thirties detective novel, "The Fashion in Shrouds").
Some of the magazine's visual elements are whimsical, frequently appearing in the artwork without context or explanation. Among these are a potted avocado plant named Arthur (reportedly based on art director John Putnam's personal marijuana plant); a domed trashcan wearing an overcoat; a pointing six-fingered hand; the Mad Zeppelin (which more closely resembles an American football shaped hot air balloon); and an emaciated long-beaked creature who went unidentified for decades before being dubbed "Flip the Bird".
In late 1964, "Mad" was tricked into purchasing the "rights" to an optical illusion already in the public domain, featuring a sort of three-pronged tuning fork whose appearance defies physical possibility. The magazine dubbed it the "Mad poiuyt" after the six rightmost letter keys on a QWERTY keyboard in reverse order, not realizing that the existing image was already known to engineers and usually called a blivet.
"Mad" cartoonists have regularly drawn themselves, fellow contributors and editors, and family members into the articles, most famously Dave Berg's self-caricature "Roger Kaputnik". Al Jaffee sometimes incorporates a self-caricature into his signature. The magazine's photo spreads have typically featured "Mad"'s own staff. Originally, the magazine tried hiring models for its photo shoots, but found that many were unwilling to make the exaggerated faces the magazine wanted. While trying to prompt the reluctant outsiders with demonstrations, the magazine staff soon decided that they were better suited for foolish posing than the professionals, and more cost-effective.
In the 1990s and 2000s, the magazine has made periodic references to "the monkey juice", generally in the context of over-imbibing with same. Many letter column responses are punctuated with the breezy interjection "Fa fa fa!". The mysterious name "Max Korn" has popped up for years; reader requests to clarify Korn's true identity have been greeted with increasingly outlandish explanations.
Regardless of the amount, the changing cover price of "Mad" has long been followed by the word "Cheap!". Variants have occasionally appeared; following an increase from 25 to 30 cents, the successive issues claimed to be "Cheap" (but X'd out), "Cheap?", and "Kinda Cheap". A rise to 40 cents sparked almost a year's worth of variations: "Ouch!", "Outrageous!", "No Laughing Matter", "Relatively Cheap", "Cheap (Considering)", and again, "Cheap?". Other price increases were billed as "Almost Cheap", "Inflated!", and for a cover featuring Bonnie and Clyde, "Highway Robbery".

</doc>
<doc id="20649649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649649" title="Richard Raysman">
Richard Raysman

Richard Raysman (born October 9, 1946), is a lawyer and a founding practitioner of American computer law, later expanded to become Intellectual Property Law.
Education.
Raysman was born in New York City, the son of Victor Raysman, a businessman, and Irene Davies Raysman, a professor. He grew up in Valley Stream, New York, a suburb of New York City, attending Valley Stream North High School. Raysman received a B.S. in 1968 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he majored in Industrial Management at the MIT Sloan School of Management and minored in computer science.
Career.
After graduation from MIT, Raysman worked for the IBM Corporation as a systems engineer for six years, based in New York City. In that capacity he guided the information technology departments of major corporations in implementing new computer systems and upgrading to more advanced hardware. He programmed in computer languages such as Assembler, Cobol, IBM RPG and Fortran.
While working for IBM Raysman attended Brooklyn Law School at night. During that time he joined the U.S.Army Reserve, where he served in the Military Police for six years, doing his basic training at Fort Gordon, in Augusta, Georgia.
Being a systems engineer as well as a lawyer, Raysman realized that the law relating to the purchase and use of computer hardware and software was as yet undeveloped. Although academic articles relating to computer law were starting to appear in law reviews, there were no law firms professing to practice in it. Since the use of computers in a business context was increasing exponentially, Raysman decided, in 1978, to start his own firm in New York City specifically to counsel companies in those transactions. As part of his effort to distinguish the acquisition of software and hardware as an area of the law requiring specific knowledge and expertise, in the following years Raysman wrote articles for the New York Times, the Harvard Business Review, and the New York Law Journal, where in 1981 he became "co-author" of the first monthly column on Computer Law, written by associates under his byline. The New York Times twice cited Raysman as a legal expert on patents and software .
During the last two decades of the 20th century computer law expanded to include issues relating to software licensing, protection of intellectual property on the internet, eCommerce law and information technology employment issues such as outsourcing. These areas of the law are now encompassed in the term Intellectual Property Law.
Raysman's firm, known as Brown, Raysman & Millstein, ultimately grew to 250 lawyers with offices in New York, Los Angeles, Silicon Valley, Hartford and Toronto. In 2006 Brown Raysman Millstein Felder & Steiner, as it was then known, merged with the San Francisco law firm of Thelen and became known as Thelen Reid Brown Raysman & Steiner, having 650 attorneys and offices worldwide. In 2008 Raysman left Thelen, when the firm disbanded. He now practices at the New York office of Holland & Knight.
Raysman concentrates his practice in international outsourcing transactions. Raysman has litigated numerous reported cases for the New York State and Federal courts. He has been selected by Chambers as one of America's leading outsourcing lawyers. 
Raysman continues to publish extensively on the topic of Intellectual Property Law, including three ghost-written treatises as well as newsletters and the monthly column that appears under his byline in the New York Law Journal. He is also a regular speaker in this field at numerous conferences, including those sponsored by the International Bar Association, the Outsourcing Interests Group and the Intellectual Technology Law Forum in Europe.
Raysman is admitted to the New York and Connecticut State bars, the Supreme Court of the United States, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and the U.S. District Courts for the Eastern and Southern Districts of New York.
Personal life.
Raysman is married to the former Georgia M. Urbano, a graduate of the Columbia University School of Law who is also the former President and Chairman of the Nantucket Preservation Trust. He has four children.
Treatises.
]co-author of two-volume treatise updated twice yearly)

</doc>
<doc id="20649657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649657" title="Sara Tetro">
Sara Tetro

Sara Tetro (born 11 April 1969) is a former New Zealand model, television host, actress, and entrepreneur. She first became famous in New Zealand through owning her own model casting agency, 62 Models Management, which has since become a worldwide successful agency. She is the host of the TV3 NZ reality series, "New Zealand's Next Top Model".
Early life.
Tetro was born in New Zealand on 11 April 1969.
She attended Takapuna Grammar school in Auckland, New Zealand. She later attended Auckland Technical Institute before entering the modelling industry, following encouragement from her father.
Career.
Modeling.
Tetro is a former model who worked for local agent Maysie Bestall-Cohen. After five years, she had enough of personally modeling, so she became a casting agent instead and started her own modelling company, "62 Models".
Agency.
Tetro started her company, "62 Models" in the 1990s and her business has consistently been at the top of the modelling and celebrity industry in New Zealand.
She then bought the casting agency, The People Shop.
She has many of New Zealand’s best known celebrities on her business books including Hayley Holt, Marc Ellis, Temepara George, Wendy Petrie, Michael Campbell, and Doug Howlett.
When television producer Julie Christie needed stars to appear on the reality series "Treasure Island", she called Tetro and she found what Christie was looking for.
When former Rugby player Marc Ellis got married, Tetro was there helping push away the paparazzi out of the chapel, because they were bombarding the couple.
She brokered the deal that made Dan Carter an international model and star for Jockey Underwear and he has since appeared on model advertisements in Paris, France. She supplies for every model for Farmers advertisements.
In past years Tetro has become an influential figure in the New Zealand entertainment industry. She’s the person behind women’s magazine covers of smiling celebrities and their babies.
She’s responsible for stranding the likes of Peggy Bourne and Simon Doull on reality series "Celebrity Treasure Island" and she also runs three major companies.
Television.
In late 2008, TV3 NZ announced due to the huge success of America's Next Top Model that the broadcaster would be starting its own local version of the hit reality series, New Zealand's Next Top Model.
It was then publicly announced that Sara Tetro would be cast as the main judge and host on the show alongside Colin Mathura-Jeffree and Chris Sisarich. This is Tetro's first official, major television role in New Zealand, and she has stated she loves the challenge.
Sara Tetro also features as a guest judge on America's Next Top Model, Cycle 14.
Personal life.
She has two daughters under twelve years old.
She is married to former All Black Craig Innes. She manages a close staff of six and a growing list of famous faces.

</doc>
<doc id="20649661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649661" title="1915–16 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1915–16 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1915-16 campaign saw Town play in the wartime football league, following the outbreak of World War I. Town played in the Midland League and finished in 3rd place, as well as 3rd place in the Subsidiary Competition North Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20649665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649665" title="After the War (novel)">
After the War (novel)

After the War is a novel written by author Carol Matas. The book was published by Simon and Schuster and released in 1997.
Plot.
Shortly after the end of World War II, Ruth Mendenberg is released from a death camp in Buchenwald, one of Hitler’s concentration camps. Ruth returns to her hometown in Poland and quickly learns that both her home and her family are gone. Being only 15 years old, she has lost faith, and lives with the guilt of being the only surviving member of her family. She meets a young man named Saul from Eretz Israel, who encourages recently liberated Jews to travel towards relative freedom in Mandate Palestine along with other Jewish refugees. She is housed along with other recently liberated Jews, which include men and women of all ages. Although Ruth believes there is no hope, she agrees to travel with the refugees, since, as she puts it, ″she has nothing better to do." The house is attacked by an angry mob after a child accuses some of the refugees of kidnapping and murdering some of the children in the village. She is forced to hide, until the soldiers quiet the mob, and shortly after is forced to flee, along with 20 children. Reluctantly, she becomes one of the youth leaders. Her travels take her though Czechoslovakia, Austria, and Italy. The goal: make it to Eretz Isreal.
Told in the first person, the book is compact and a relatively quick read. "After the War" focuses on one young woman's experiences after surviving the Holocaust. It shows the continuing struggle of Holocaust survivors as well as the lack of sympathy for these survivors, immediately after the end of the war in Europe.
This book is targeted to teenagers and young adults. The graphic descriptions of violence, especially against children, may be too intense for readers under the age of 12.
Authors Note.
Although the book is written from real events, the author has taken "liberties" to make certain edits and has combined various true stories, thus making the novel fiction. As the author describes,""For instance, No ship that I read about was both" attacked "and" managed "to beach on Palestine's shore but each event did happen separately. I simply combined them for greater effect."
The author also takes note that,
""no character is modeled after one specific person I read about, rather my characters are modeled on many different people I both read about and interviewed.""
The author also takes note that between 1945 and May 1948, 69,000 Jews traveled to Mandate Palestine illegally.

</doc>
<doc id="20649686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649686" title="Annie (sloop)">
Annie (sloop)

Annie is a Sandbagger sloop located at Mystic Seaport in Mystic, Connecticut, United States. Built in 1880 in Mystic by David O. Richmond, "Annie" was built for Henry H. Tift and was used for competitive racing. "Annie" was donated to Mystic Seaport in 1931 and was the first vessel in their collection of watercraft. In 2004 she underwent an extensive restoration to return her to her original configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="20649700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649700" title="Dick Bass (baseball)">
Dick Bass (baseball)

Richard William "Dick" Bass (July 7, 1906 – February 3, 1989) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Bass played one game for the Washington Senators. 

</doc>
<doc id="20649703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649703" title="Naval Academy Jewish Chapel">
Naval Academy Jewish Chapel

The Commodore Uriah P. Levy Center and Jewish Chapel is the Jewish chapel at the United States Naval Academy, in Annapolis, Maryland. The center is named in honor of Commodore Uriah P. Levy (1792-1862), the first Jewish commodore in the United States Navy, who is famous for refusing to flog his sailors. The Levy Center is adjacent to Mitscher Hall and contains a 410-seat synagogue, a fellowship hall, a Character Learning Center, classrooms, and offices for the Brigade’s social director, the academic board, and the Academy’s Honor Board.
Before the chapel was completed in 2005, Jewish midshipmen attended Congregation Knesset Israel in downtown Annapolis.
History.
The groundbreaking ceremony was held on November 2, 2003. The builder was the Whiting-Turner Contracting Company. The building was dedicated in September 2005.
The Levy Center cost $8 million to design, build and furnish. Approximately $1.8 million was paid for with military construction funds. The remaining amount was paid for by private donations raised by the Friend of the Jewish Chapel, a campaign headed by Jewish alumni of the academy and others. It was given to the Academy upon completion.
Architecture.
The building was designed by Maryland architect Joseph Boggs. The entrance pavilion has elements related to the center bay of Thomas Jefferson's Monticello. Levy purchased it in 1834 and restored it because of his admiration for Jefferson, who died in 1826. The chapel includes a nearly 45-foot-high wall that is a replica of the Western Wall in Jerusalem. The wall is made of Jerusalem stone. The roof of the building is constructed of copper. The architecture of the exterior is consistent with nearby Bancroft Hall.
The chapel was awarded the Maryland AIA Honor Awards 2006, Public Building of the Year; Institutional.

</doc>
<doc id="20649713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649713" title="The Dovetail Group">
The Dovetail Group

The Dovetail Group, Inc. was one of the earliest video game developers to specialize in music video games. The Dovetail Group's products were designed for second generation systems such as the and the Commodore 64. Notable games developed by The Dovetail Group include "Halftime Battlin' Bands" (1984), "Coco-Notes" (1984), and "Movie Musical Madness" (1984). These games are notable as they represent some of the earliest examples of the music management subgenre of music video games.
Games.
Published by CBS Software in 1984, "Halftime Battlin' Bands" is a multiplayer game that requires a player to compose a marching tune and then lead a rank of band members in complex formations to outmaneuver the opponent player (Single-play mode means that the opponent was the computer). In order to prevent the other band from accomplishing their goals, a bench of weapons are available for use against the other band. As the two opposing teams compete, The Jazz Scats (a group of early beatnik cheerleaders) cheer for the team that is winning. The player is scored based on time it takes to complete a good routine and quality of the routine.
In "Coco-Notes" (also published by CBS Software), the player is stranded on Coco-Note Isle where he must fish for musical notes in the form of coconuts and tunes in the form of fish. The player may then use these notes and tunes to create melodies in a free form manner. The game also features a quiz minigame where The Jazz Scats (a group of castaway hipsters) perform the first half of a jazz song and the player must then complete the song before Mr. Cool Clam (a square note-eating clam) eats the song.
"Movie Musical Madness" is a 1-player music management game in which the player takes the role of a musical film director as he attempts to create an appropriate score for, select an appropriate plot for, and direct the actions of his group of actors, The Jazz Scats. The Jazz Scats (a group of bearded actors) can be set to perform in dozens of scenes ranging from city scenes to jungle scenes to outer-space scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="20649756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649756" title="Pucheng County, Fujian">
Pucheng County, Fujian

Pucheng County () is a county under the jurisdiction of the municipality of Nanping, in extreme northern Fujian province, People's Republic of China, bordering Jiangxi to the northwest and Zhejiang to the east.
The county is named for the Nanpuxi (南浦溪) River, a major tributary to the Min River.
Geography.
Pucheng comprises in the Wuyi Mountains which separates Fujian and Jiangxi provinces. It borders Songxi County to the southeast, Jianyang City to the south and Wuyishan City (location of the famous UNESCO park) to the west, all within Nanping. The municipality of Shangrao, Jiangxi, borders to the northwest; those of Quzhou, to the north, and Lishui, to the east, are in Zhejiang.
Administrative divisions.
The county administers 2 street offices, 9 towns and 8 townships. The county executive, legislature and judiciary are in Nanpu Street Office, together with the CPC and PSB branches.
Demographics.
As of 2000 Pucheng had a population of approximately 320,000.
Language.
Pucheng dialect shares some features with Wu, but is classed among the Southern Chinese languages. It is however not demonstrably a member of the Min language group (which covers almost all of Fujian), and pending further research must stand as an isolate - the sole exemplar of the "Pucheng group" of Southern Chinese.
Some Wu dialects and the Min Bei dialect of Shibei are also spoken in Pucheng.
Archaeology.
In 2006 mound tombs of the Wuyue Kingdom were discovered in Guanjiu village. (The kingdom was contemporary with the Spring and Autumn and Warring States periods of the Yellow River-centred Hans). Considered a strongly significant element of Wuyue culture, these are the first such tombs discovered in Fujian Province. 72 bronze funerary articles were excavated from the tombs, making the excavation the largest harvest of bronze items in Fujian archaeological history.

</doc>
<doc id="20649760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649760" title="Snooping">
Snooping

"Snooping" can refer to:
In computer science:
In statistics:

</doc>
<doc id="20649769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649769" title="George Holderness">
George Holderness

The Right Reverend George Edward Holderness was an Anglican bishop in the second half of the 20th century. 
He was born on 5 March 1913 and educated at Leeds Grammar School and Keble College, Oxford. Ordained in 1936 he began his career with a curacy at Bedale and was then Chaplain at Aysgarth School until 1947. He was then Vicar of Darlington and for 15 years suffragan Bishop of Burnley
in the Diocese of Blackburn. In 1970 he left Burnley to become Dean of Lichfield, a post he held to retirement in 1979. He died on 21 October 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20649771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649771" title="Irvingtonian">
Irvingtonian

The Irvingtonian North American Land Mammal Age on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 1,800,000 to 240,000 years BP, a period of . Named after an assemblage of fossils from the Irvington district of Fremont, California, the Irvingtonian is usually considered to overlap the Lower Pleistocene and Middle Pleistocene epochs. The Irvingtonian is preceded by the Blancan and followed by the Rancholabrean NALMA stages.
The Irvingtonian can be further divided into the substages of: 
Fauna.
Notable mammals.
Artiodactyla - even-toed ungulates
Carnivora - carnivores
Lagomorpha - lagomorphs
Perissodactyla - odd-toed ungulates
Proboscidea
Rodentia - rodents
Notable birds.
Charadriiformes
Falconiformes - diurnal raptors
Passeriformes

</doc>
<doc id="20649820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649820" title="Porte de Clichy (Paris Métro &amp; RER)">
Porte de Clichy (Paris Métro &amp; RER)

Porte de Clichy is a station of Métro and RER in the 17th arrondissement. It lies on the north-western branch of Line 13, and is station is situated under "Avenue de Clichy". 
The station opened 20 January 1912 with the opening of the second branch of line B of the Nord-Sud company from La Fourche. On 27 March 1931 line B became line 13 of the "Métro". The line remained the terminus until 9 May 1980 when the extension to Asnières - Gennevilliers - Gabriel Péri opened. As such, a loop track is provided at the northern end of the station for trains to terminate and return towards central Paris. The RER station opened on 29 September 1991. The station is named after the "Porte de Clichy", a gate in the nineteenth century Thiers wall of Paris, which led to Clichy.
Paris Tramway.
The Paris Tramway now stops at Porte de Clichy.

</doc>
<doc id="20649821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649821" title="Let's All Go (to the Fire Dances)">
Let's All Go (to the Fire Dances)

"Let's All Go (to the Fire Dances)" is the only single from Killing Joke's fourth studio album, "Fire Dances". It was released as a 12" and 7" single under E'G Records in June, 1983. The A-side for the 12" single included a live version of "The Fall of Because", originally off their second studio album, "What's THIS For...!". The B-side, "Dominator", originally off "Fire Dances", was produced as two different versions, apart from the original: "Dominator" (version) and "Dominator". Both songs appeared on separate singles; 12" and 7" respectively. "Dominator" (version) later appeared on the 2008 CD reissue of "Fire Dances". The B-side for the 7" release, "Dominator", apart from the original studio version, was not reprised for the CD. Instead, another version of "Dominator", from the John Peel Session of 1983, was featured. The single reached number fifty-one in the UK Singles Chart in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20649850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649850" title="2006 Toronto Argonauts season">
2006 Toronto Argonauts season

The 2006 Toronto Argonauts season was the 49th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and 134th season overall. The Argonauts finished the regular season 10–8 and finished in second place in the CFL's Eastern Division.
Offseason.
The Argos made a splash just before training camp when they lured high-profile RB Ricky Williams to Canada. The team also picked up QB and 2001 Heisman Trophy winner Eric Crouch.
Regular season.
Quarterback Damon Allen became professional football's all-time leading passer, moving ahead of Warren Moon on Labour Day in Hamilton. The team, however, was decimated by injuries at almost every position and the Argonauts stumbled out of the gate to a 2–5 record. Mid-season health bred new promise as the team gained the majority of its starters back including Allen and Williams, who both fell to injury early in the year. Upon his return, Williams joined forces with fellow RB John Avery to deliver a late-season one-two punch out of the backfield. Combined with the stellar play of their dominant defence, the Double Blue was able to turn the season around and win 8 of their remaining 11 regular season games to finish in a first-place tie with the Montreal Alouettes. The CFL tie-break rule landed the Argos in second place.
Postseason.
The Argos hosted the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in a thrilling East Semi-Final at Rogers Centre. With the season on the line, QB Michael Bishop and LB Chuck Winters teamed up to lead the Boatmen to one of the greatest come-from-behind victories in recent Argo memory. The Argos fell to Montreal in the East Championship.
Awards and records.
Despite their early exit from the playoffs, the Boatmen finished the season with 11 East Division All-Stars and three CFL All-Stars. Kicker/Punter Noel Prefontaine was once again named the East's Most Outstanding Special Teams Player and elusive receiver Arland Bruce III finished with a division leading 1,370 yards receiving and 11 touchdowns. A bright star on defence came in the form of CB Byron Parker. The speedy defender re-joined the Boatmen mid-season and made his mark in both the Argos and the CFL record books in only nine regular season contests. By season's end, the Tulane product had accumulated 8 interceptions for a CFL record 348 return yards and 4 touchdowns. Linebacker Mike O'Shea became just the third player, and first Canadian, in CFL history to record 1,000 or more defensive tackles in a career. 

</doc>
<doc id="20649854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649854" title="Paralithic">
Paralithic

A Paralithic is a weathered layer of bedrock. The term comes from the Greek words "para", meaning "akin to", and "lithic", meaning "stony".

</doc>
<doc id="20649868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649868" title="Mexican Federal Highway 254">
Mexican Federal Highway 254

Mexican Federal Highway 254 ("Carretera Federal 254") is a Federal Highway of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20649888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649888" title="J. Samuel Cook">
J. Samuel Cook

Samuel J. Cook, III (born November 12, 1983) is an African-American playwright, journalist, educator and writer currently serving as director of the 7th Ward Neighborhood Center in New Orleans, a non-profit organization designed to improve quality of life conditions for residents of New Orleans' historic 7th Ward. His one-act play "Barren Fields" won an NAACP ACT-SO medal in 2002. Also an educator, he formerly worked with at-risk youth at Walter L. Cohen Senior High in New Orleans. He was born in Toledo, Ohio.
Education.
Samuel J. Cook, III attended Dillard University and Alcorn State University, earning a B.S. in Interdisciplinary Studies and holds a M.A. in Liberal Studies with an emphasis in historical sociology from the University of Toledo. He pursued doctoral work at Southern University in Baton Rouge.
Career.
Cook began his career as a writer under the tutelage of playwright Ron Milner. As a journalist, Cook has written for The Black Collegian and Black College Wire and is a former blogger for the Clarion Ledger. He has participated in the New York Times Journalism Institute and the National Association of Black Journalists Student Projects Program. Cook is a former G.E.D. instructor for Claiborne County, Mississippi and served as an intern for the Tavis Smiley Foundation from 1998-2005. He also frequently writes for Preach2me.com, a religion and spirituality Web site.
Cook has given over seventy scholarly lectures on issues pertaining to race, culture, art and spirituality. Cook comes from a well-known black middle-class family of educators and is the cousin of educator and former Dillard University president Samuel DuBois Cook and entered the educational arena in order to follow his footsteps. His great-aunt, Jessie Randall, was the first African-American graduate of Mary Manse College in Toledo, Ohio and served as Middle School Supervisor for the Department of Guidance and Counseling in Detroit Public Schools. She was also the first black woman to play classical piano for the Toledo Symphony Orchestra. His grandmother, The Rev. Cassandra Cook-Butler, was a minister, social worker and pre-school teacher. His great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather, both named Samuel Cook, were both engineers and his great-grandmother was a nurse. He is a descendant of Mary Belle Thompson, a well-known minister who founded the Pinewood Tabernacle Church in Toledo, Ohio. His great-uncle is the Rev. Dr. Richard M. Randall, pastor of the Church of the New Covenant in Detroit, MI.
In 2012 Cook joined the Obama for America campaign as coordinator for Louisiana.
Cook has an adoptive son who lives in New Orleans.
Controversy.
On August 25, 2012 during the 2012 Presidential election, Cook responded to a Twitter message from Republican Presidential candidate Mitt Romney that created a controversy in the media and for the Barack Obama presidential campaign while Cook was serving as a self-proclaimed "Coordinator" for the Obama for America campaign in Louisiana. Presidential candidate Mitt Romney tweeted a memorial to the passing of American Astronaut Neil Armstrong saying "Neil Armstrong today takes his place in the hall of heroes. The moon will miss its first son of earth." Cook responded with one word "Kolob?". Kolob refers to a star or planet in Mormon scripture. This created a firestorm on Twitter with a flurry of tweets from people on both sides of the political isle claiming bigotry. Cook responded that he was a Republican himself and continued making more inflammitory comments about the Mormon religion by making mention of "magic underware" referencing the practice of wearing "Temple Garments" by members of the Mormon religion and a "conspiracy" by the Mormon religion to "infiltrate the Government". Cook attempted to delete these comments and change his Twitter account to private but not before the comments were made public.
Awards and Commendations.
Cook has received numerous awards and commendations, including a nomination for EBONY Magazine's “Top 30 Under 30” Youth Leaders feature in 2006, the Tavis Smiley Foundation Youth Leadership Award in 2004, a Toledo NAACP Excellence in Education Award in 2002, the Toledo NAACP Activist of the Year Award in 2001 and a Proclamation from the City of Toledo, Ohio's Mayor, Jack Ford, in 2000. Cook is also a member of Omega Psi Phi.
In 2011, Cook was named one of New Orleans' top 40 leaders under the age of 40 by The Gambit Weekly.

</doc>
<doc id="20649900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649900" title="Os Resentidos">
Os Resentidos

Os Resentidos (The Resentfuls) was a Galician rock band founded in 1984 by Antón Reixa, Alberto Torrado, and Javier Soto. Javier later left the band, being replaced by Xabier Debesa. Os Resentidos disbanded in 1994.
They always sang in Galician—except for their hit "Rockin' Chair", in English—claiming the use of this endangered idiom all over Spain. . Their influences ranged from funk, Caribbean, African, and classic rock music to traditional Galician folk songs and period Hip hop, of which they were considered pioneers in Spain. The singing technique of Reixa, a well-known Galician poet and filmmaker, was similar to that of Old school hip hop, perhaps because he never was taught to sing. The instrumentation ranged from traditional Galician bagpipes (gaitas) to synthesizers, electric guitars, and bass. 
Their most recognizable hit was "Fai un Sol de Carallo" (1986), a folk-inflected politic-danceable rock song. Other famous songs included "Galicia Sitio Distinto" and "Galicia Express", criticizing the state of Galicia with surreal lyrics. Their 1990 album "Jei" (the title song parodying the form of singing of Julio Iglesias) was critically acclaimed and was declared the best national album of the year by "Rockdelux" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20649910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649910" title="San Gregorio Fault">
San Gregorio Fault

The San Gregorio Fault is an active earthquake fault located off the coast of Northern California. The southern end of the fault is in southern Monterey Bay, and the northern end is about 20 km northwest of San Francisco, near Bolinas Bay, where the San Gregorio intersects the San Andreas Fault. Most of the San Gregorio fault trace is located offshore beneath the waters of Monterey Bay, Half Moon Bay, and the Pacific Ocean, though it cuts across land near Point Año Nuevo and Pillar Point. The San Gregorio Fault is part of a system of coastal faults which run roughly parallel to the San Andreas.

</doc>
<doc id="20649912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649912" title="Santa Maria del Carmine, Pavia">
Santa Maria del Carmine, Pavia

Santa Maria del Carmine is a church in Pavia, Lombardy, northern Italy, considered amongst the best examples of Lombard Gothic architecture. It was begun in 1374 by Gian Galeazzo Visconti, Duke of Milan, on a project attributed to Bernardo da Venezia. The construction followed a slow pace, and was restarted in 1432, being finished in 1461.
Exterior.
The church has an imposing façade commanding the square with the same name; the slender forms betray a residual Romanesque influence, although the decorations are undoubutably of Lombard Gothic style. The façade is divided into five vertical compartments by six pilasters surmounted by spires. The three central sectors have a portal each, remade by Giuseppe Marchesi in 1854. Over the portals are four large ogival mullioned windows and an elaborated rose window in brickwork.
The bell tower, dating to c. 1450, has numerous friezes and a triple mullioned window with marble columns.
Interior.
The interior is characterized by an inspiring penumbra, and is on the Latin cross plan with a nave and numerous lateral chapels with frescoes and paintings. The most important are:
In the transept are also precious 15th-century frescoes, while the sacristy (1576) has façade with Baroque stuccoes. Also notable is the Gothic tabernacle (1449) and the marble altar of the presbytery.

</doc>
<doc id="20649930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649930" title="Justin Brantly">
Justin Brantly

Justin Jay Brantly (born March 28, 1986 in Corpus Christi, Texas) is a former American football punter. He played for the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League. He was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Texas A&M.
Early years.
Brantly went to school in East Bernard, Texas, where his father, Jerry Brantly, served as an assistant coach under Dale Lechler, the father of NFL and former Texas A&M punter Shane Lechler. Shane and Justin were childhood friends and continue to be close. Justin later went to Sealy High School in Sealy, Texas, where he ran track and played basketball and baseball.
He was voted into the UIL All-Century Defensive Football Third Team.
Rivals.com ranked him the 18th kicker prospect in the 2005 recruiting class. He chose to play for Texas A&M over Southern California due to the small-town atmosphere at A&M. He played in the 2005 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
College career.
Brantly compiled a 44.3 career punting average, which ranks second in school history behind Shane Lechler's 44.7 set from 1996 to 1999. Brantly punted 44 times inside the opponent's 20-yard line and recorded 57 career punts of more than 50 yards. He hit a career-best 80-yard punt against Colorado in 2005.
During his senior season, Brantly led the Big 12 and placed third nationally with a 45.7-yard average. He booted 18 of his 51 punts inside the opponent's 20-yard line, and hit at least one punt of 50 or more yards in 10 of the 12 games.
After his senior season, he played in the Texas vs. The Nation Game on January 31, 2009.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Brantly weighed 247 pounds and measured 6-foot-3 and 3/8 at the Texas A&M Pro Day on March 4, 2009.
Houston Texans.
Brantly was not drafted in the 2009 NFL Draft, but later signed as a free agent with the Houston Texans. He was released by the Texans in June 2009. He worked out with other teams during the 2009 regular season.
Omaha Nighthawks.
Brantly signed with the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20649937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649937" title="Antonia Becherer">
Antonia Becherer

Antonia Becherer (born 7 June 1963 in Konstanz, Baden-Württemberg) is a German former ice dancer. With partner and twin brother Ferdinand Becherer, she was a three-time German national champion. They placed 9th at the 1988 Winter Olympics. They represented the club Konstanzer ERC. 

</doc>
<doc id="20649947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649947" title="Struer">
Struer

Struer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20649957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20649957" title="Overton Rural District">
Overton Rural District

Overton Rural District was formed by the Local Government Act 1894 which created numerous administrative areas around the country. The district was located in Flintshire Detached which was formed out of the Maelor Saesneg or English Maelor region, surrounded by Cheshire, Denbighshire and Shropshire. Overton Rural District was renamed Maelor Rural District in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20650020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650020" title="Harmon Elwood Kirby">
Harmon Elwood Kirby

Harmon Elwood Kirby (born January 27, 1934) is a former American diplomat, U.S. Ambassador to Togo, and Foreign Service Officer. He was appointed to that position on October 22, 1990 and left his post on July 16, 1994.
Kirby received his bachelor of arts degree from Harvard University and his master of arts degree from George Washington University. Harmon enrolled the U.S. Army from 1956 to 1958. 
Kirby has served many positions such as the Director of United Nations Political Affairs at the U.S. Department of State. He has been a Foreign Service officer in Geneva, Madras, New Delhi, Brussels, Khartoum, Rabat, and Washington D.C, as of 1961. In addition, Mr. Kirby has served as an executive assistant to the executive vice president of Hudson Pulp and Paper Corp. in New York City from 1960 to 1961, and in personnel and labor relations for the Diamond National Corp. in Middletown, Ohio from 1959 to 1960.
He is married, has two children, and currently resides in Bethesda, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20650032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650032" title="Rancholabrean">
Rancholabrean

The Rancholabrean North American Land Mammal Age on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from less than 240,000 years to 11,000 years BP, a period of . Named after the famed Rancho La Brea fossil site (more commonly known as the La Brea tar pits) in Los Angeles, California, the Rancholabrean is characterized by the presence of the genus "Bison" in a Pleistocene context, often in association with other extinct Pleistocene forms such as "Mammuthus". The age is usually considered to overlap the Middle Pleistocene and Late Pleistocene epochs. The Rancholabrean is preceded by the Irvingtonian NALMA stage.
The Rancholabrean can be further divided into the substages of: 
The Rancholabrean shares this time period with the Oldenburgian of European Land Mammal Ages.

</doc>
<doc id="20650043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650043" title="SS Weser (1867)">
SS Weser (1867)

SS "Weser" was an ocean liner owned by North German Lloyd. The ship was built by Caird & Company of Greenock, Scotland, in 1867 and served the Bremen-Southampton-New York-Baltimore line from June 1, 1867 until June 13, 1895 when she was transferred to the Bremen-South America service for two roundtrip voyages until being sold to an Italian company in June 1896. She was renamed the "Seravalle" and flew under the Italian flag. The ship was scrapped in August 1896 in Genoa, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20650057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650057" title="Androcydes (physician)">
Androcydes (physician)

Androcydes (or Androkydes, "fl". 4th century BCE) was a Greek physician and writer at the time of Alexander the Great. According to Pliny, he advised Alexander to moderate his drinking:
Elsewhere, Androcydes is supposed to have recommended cabbage to counteract the effects of wine. Some attempts have been made to identify this Androcydes with the Androcydes who wrote on Pythagoreanism, as the advice regarding wine (bad) and cabbage (good) may reflect Pythagorean dietary discipline.
Androcydes, if the same authority is meant, may not have confined himself to writing on medical topics. He is cited by Athenaeus for an etymology of the Greek word "kolax", "flatterer," which is taken by one wry prosopographer as evidence of his association with Alexander's court.

</doc>
<doc id="20650061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650061" title="Qarah">
Qarah

Qarah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20650070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650070" title="Ferdinand Becherer">
Ferdinand Becherer

Ferdinand Becherer (born 7 June 1963 in Konstanz, Baden-Württemberg) is a German ice dancer. With his partner and twin sister Antonia Becherer, he was a three-time German national champion. They placed 9th at the 1988 Winter Olympics. They represented the club Konstanzer ERC. 

</doc>
<doc id="20650079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650079" title="Lost houses of Derbyshire">
Lost houses of Derbyshire

This is a partial list of country houses in Derbyshire which have been demolished:

</doc>
<doc id="20650090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650090" title="Index of Netherlands Antilles-related articles">
Index of Netherlands Antilles-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the former nation of the Netherlands Antilles.

</doc>
<doc id="20650144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650144" title="Friedman Fleischer &amp; Lowe">
Friedman Fleischer &amp; Lowe

Friedman Fleischer & Lowe (FFL) is an American private equity firm, founded in 1997 by Tully Friedman, Spencer Fleischer, David Lowe, and Christopher Masto. The firm makes investments primarily through leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments and is focused on investing in the U.S. middle-market.
FFL has focused its efforts on several core target industries including healthcare services, financial services, business services, and consumer products.
FFL is based in San Francisco and employs over 30 investment professionals. Since inception, FFL has raised approximately $2.6 billion of investor commitments.
HEC-Dow Jones's Private Equity Performance Ranking lists the world's top private equity firms in terms of aggregate performance and has listed FFL in the past three years, including the top overall ranking globally in 2012:
History.
FFL was founded in 1997 by Tully Friedman, together with Spencer Fleischer, David Lowe, and Christopher Masto. Prior to founding FFL, in 1984, Tully Friedman had co-founded Hellman & Friedman, one of the largest private equity firms globally, with Warren Hellman. In contrast to Hellman &Friedman, FFL focuses on smaller, middle market deals.
Spencer Fleischer, was a former member of Morgan Stanley's Investment Bankng Operating Committee and the Head of Investment Banking in Asia, Head of Corporate Finance for Europe, Head of UK Corporate Finance, Head of Investment Banking in Los Angeles, and Head of Corporate Finance in San Francisco. David Lowe was Chairman and CEO of medical equipment maker ADAC Laboratories. Christopher Masto was a Bain & Company consultant and previously an investment banker at Morgan Stanley.
Investments.
FFL invests through a series of private equity funds (structured as limited partnerships), and its investors include a variety of pension funds, endowments, and other institutional investors.
The firm's first private equity fund, Friedman Fleischer & Lowe Capital Partners closed in September 1999 with $333 million of investor commitments. Almost five years later, the firm completed raising $811 million of investor commitments for its second fund, Friedman Fleischer & Lowe Capital Partners II in June 2004. In 2007, the firm raised its third investment fund, Friedman Fleischer & Lowe Capital Partners III, with $1.5 billion of investor commitments.
The following are among the firm's most notable current and previous portfolio companies:
People.
FFL's team consists of experienced professionals with diverse backgrounds in operational and strategic management, investment banking, private equity investing, and consulting. The firm’s principals have invested over $2.5 billion in over 50 companies and have over 100 years of collective experience as investors, senior operating executives, and advisors.
Investment Principals
Operating Partners

</doc>
<doc id="20650155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650155" title="Froudacity">
Froudacity

Froudacity: West Indian Fables by James Anthony Froude is an 1889 polemic written by John Jacob Thomas as a rebuttal to James Anthony Froude's 1888 book "The English in the West Indies". Froude's travelogue attacked the British West Indian colonies for wanting to establish self-government, arguing that if the majority black population were allowed to vote on leaders they would choose leaders that would repress the white population. Like many of his West Indian contemporaries, Thomas was outraged at the inaccuracies of Froude's text as well as the racist arguments that Froude uses as justification for his beliefs. He decided that writing a refutation to Froude was his patriotic duty and that it would act as self-vindication for West Indian blacks.
"Froudacity" was Thomas' last and most significant work. Thomas finished writing it shortly before succumbing to pneumonia.
Background.
From the middle of the 17th century to 1866, Jamaica had a self-ruling mode of government referred to as the 'Old Representative System'. However, after an outbreak of rebellion Jamaica was put under the crown colony system of government in 1866. A number of other West Indian colonies such as Trinidad and Dominica were established as crown colonies in the late 18th and early 19th century. Crown colonies had governors appointed to rule them from the Colonial Office in London. From the inception of crown colony rule, natives of crown colonies began to protest the Crown Colony form of government because they felt that the foreign-appointed governors did not hold the native's best interests in mind. Natives of Trinidad and Jamaica repeatedly petitioned the Colonial Office to establish home rule in the colonies, but they were ignored until the early 20th century.
James Anthony Froude, a well-known English intellectual, was an apologist for imperial rule. In 1886 he published "Oceana", another one of Froude's works attacking the desire for self-rule in Australia. Like "English in the West Indies", it was criticized for its superficial coverage of colonial affairs and Froude's lack of exposure to the native countries which he discussed. His next travelogue, "The English in the West Indies", detailed his travels in the West Indies and his political opinions on the benefits of the Crown Colony form of government. Froude argued that if the West Indian colonies were allowed home rule, the large black population in those colonies would vote for black leaders who would strip away whites' rights. Froude attacked blacks as being racially inferior, and argued that slavery was not as bad as many criticized it of being. Froude's work initially received good reviews in English newspapers and journals; however, it caused an outrage in the West Indian colonies.
West Indian journals and newspapers immediately denounced Froude for his racist beliefs, and the incorrect sweeping generalizations and statements that Froude makes throughout "English in the West Indies". In 1888 Charles Spencer Salmon published "The Caribbean Confederation" and Nicholas Darnell Davis published "Mr. Froude's Negrophobia or Don Quixote as a Cook's Tourist", both refuting Froude's arguments. Though both of these books were important, Thomas' response became the most renowned and was considered the finest refutation of "The English in the West Indies". As a response to "The English in the West Indies", "Although Salmon and Davis had responded to Froude, Thomas' response became the most celebrated.". Thomas was relatively unknown in England outside of certain intellectual circles, and being able to publish "Froudacity" in London was an important achievement for Thomas.
Synopsis.
"Froudacity" is split into four books, each addressing specific topics that Froude brings. Thomas begins the preface by attacking the overarching claims that Froude uses to argue against self-governance. Thomas ridicules Froude's assertion that if blacks in West Indian countries were given the right to vote, they would elect a candidate that would strip away the rights of whites due to racial animosity. He also attacks the notion that West Indian blacks harbor animosity against whites by pointing out that as many blacks owned slaves as whites, and that most people who were alive during slavery have since died.
In Book I Thomas addresses Froude's claims in the early portions of "The English in the West Indies". Froude's tendency to state incorrect assumptions as fact is roundly assaulted. Thomas criticizes Froude for making sweeping generalizations about the condition of blacks on multiple islands without ever talking or interacting with the people he was writing about. Thomas points out that Froude comments extensively on the lifestyles of the natives of Grenada when his only experience among the natives was peering into their houses as he rode past in a carriage. Thomas attacks many other different factual inaccuracies in Froude's work.
In Book II Thomas begins to directly address Froude's criticism of giving colonies self-rule. When Froude claims that leaders of the reform movements "did not complain that their affairs had been ill-managed" Thomas spends over two dozen pages detailing the gross abuses of power and corruption that many of the appointed governors of Trinidad have participated in. Thomas also debunks Froude's claim that the reformers pushed for reform in the hope that they would be elected and allowed to draw a handsome government salary. Thomas also points out that contrary to Froude's claims the reform movement has been active for decades. Thomas finishes the second book by refuting Froude's assertion that West Indian blacks were incredibly well taken care off by "the beneficent despotism of the English Government"
The 3rd book takes up half of "Froudacity". It begins with Froude alleging that there are few black intellectuals. Thomas responds by accusing the West Indian governments of suppressing blacks and noting that many black intellectuals sprang up in America shortly after Emancipation because they were integrated into society. Thomas uses the examples of Fredrick Douglass and Chief Justice William Conrad Reeves extensively in his arguments about race and intelligence. Both men are black and highly successful. Thomas uses these men as examples of successful black intellectuals, who succeeded despite racism. Thomas convincingly counters Froude's cheerful view of slavery. Thomas continues to contest Froude's multiple accusations about the results of black ruling over whites and what the ideal governance situation is for the West Indies. When Froude brings up the old stereotypes of blacks being lazy, or being cannibals or devil-worshipers, Thomas quickly counters all of the accusations. Thomas goes on to note the rising prominence of Christianity among blacks, and engages in a discussion on the limits of science and religion.
In the final 4th book, Thomas discusses the history of blacks instead of analyzing "The English in the West Indies". Thomas discusses the history of the development slavery in America and in the West Indies. Thomas details how slave owners in the West Indies became god-parents to their slaves through the Catholic Church, and through this process developed personal relationships with slaves devoid of cruelty. The institutions of slavery developed very differently in America and the West Indies. Thomas lists the great accomplishments achieved by the "Negro Race", predicting that these accomplishments will continue growing. Thomas encourages "African descendants now dispersed in various countries of the Western Hemisphere ... at sufficient peace to begin occupying themselves about matters of racial importance".
Reception.
"Froudacity" received mostly good reviews by London newspapers, occasionally being criticized because of its style and diction. Ironically, "English in the West Indies" received mostly positive reviews in London newspapers when it was published as well. In the West Indies "Froudacity" "was launched to an ocean of publicity and pronounced a success", but "when the news reached Trinidad that he had died ... the whole country went into mourning.".
Criticism.
Denis Benn notes that Thomas defends against Froude's attacks on West Indian blacks and home rule reform movements, but he does not positively assert West Indian political rights. Without strongly asserting West Indian political rights, "Froudacity" is a refutation that does not move the readership towards the cause of the abolition of the crown colony management.
In her overview of Thomas' life and works, Bridget Brereton brings up a number of important criticisms of "Froudacity". First she notes that "Thomas' essential charity and lack of prejudice led him to play down the depth of race prejudice and ill-feeling West Indian society ... Gordon Rohlehr is surely right to point out the unreality of Thomas' fairly placid picture of post-Emancipation Trinidad". She asks the pertinent question: Did Thomas intentionally lie as matter of political convenience for the Reform movement? It is impossible to judge Thomas' thoughts, but it is a reasonable explanation for why Thomas would make such an outlandish statement. Brereton continues to note that like many of his contemporaries Thomas did not believe in universal suffrage, but instead he believed that property qualifications should be necessary for voting. In the 19th century universal suffrage was not as great an issue as it grew to be, but it still shows that Thomas believed in the rule of the elite, not in true democratic rule. Finally, Brereton notes that "Thomas does not show that he understood the links between Christianity and slavery and imperialism in the Caribbean". Thomas might have understood the ties and ignored discussing them for political expediency, or as a devout Christian he might simply have dismissed the idea that religion could do harm.

</doc>
<doc id="20650170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650170" title="Joe Clark (footballer born 1874)">
Joe Clark (footballer born 1874)

Joseph Carter "Joe" Clark (1874 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as an inside forward. He was born in Dundee. 
He played for Dundee, Brighton United, Newton Heath, Dunfermline Athletic and East Fife.

</doc>
<doc id="20650184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650184" title="Santa Maria di Canepanova">
Santa Maria di Canepanova

Santa Maria di Canepanova is a Renaissance church in Pavia, Lombardy, northern Italy. It was designed by Giovanni Antonio Amadeo.
The church was built from 1500 to 1507, when Amadeo was at the climax of his fame. Amadeo had previously built the tambour of the Milan Cathedral and had been invited by Cardinal Ascanio Sforza, brother of Duke Ludovico Sforza, to lead the works in the Pavia Cathedral.
For Santa Maria di Canepanova, Amadeo adopted the so-called "ad quadratum" style, influenced by his master Guiniforte Solari, and which had already been used in the Cappella Colleoni in Bergamo. The church is centrally planned and has a cubic form, over which rises an octagonal tambour with four small bell towers at the corners. The interior is decorated by Camillo Procaccini with works depicting the "Woman of the Bible".

</doc>
<doc id="20650188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650188" title="Bernard Madoff">
Bernard Madoff

Bernard Lawrence "Bernie" Madoff (; born April 29, 1938) is an American convicted of fraud and a former stockbroker, investment advisor, and financier. He is the former non-executive chairman of the NASDAQ stock market, and the admitted operator of a Ponzi scheme that is considered to be the largest financial fraud in U.S. history.
Madoff founded the Wall Street firm Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC in 1960, and was its chairman until his arrest on December 11, 2008. The firm was one of the top market maker businesses on Wall Street, which bypassed "specialist" firms by directly executing orders over the counter from retail brokers. He employed at the firm his brother Peter, as Senior Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer; Peter's daughter Shana Madoff, as the firm's rules and compliance officer and attorney; and his sons Andrew and Mark. Peter has since been sentenced to 10 years in prison and Mark committed suicide by hanging exactly two years after his father's arrest.
On December 10, 2008, Madoff's sons told authorities that their father had confessed to them that the asset management unit of his firm was a massive Ponzi scheme, and quoted him as describing it as "one big lie". The following day, FBI agents arrested Madoff and charged him with one count of securities fraud. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) had previously conducted investigations into Madoff's business practices, but had not uncovered the massive fraud.
On March 12, 2009, Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 federal felonies and admitted to turning his wealth management business into a massive Ponzi scheme that defrauded thousands of investors of billions of dollars. Madoff said he began the Ponzi scheme in the early 1990s. However, federal investigators believe the fraud began as early as the mid-1980s and may have begun as far back as the 1970s, and those charged with recovering the missing money believe the investment operation may never have been legitimate. The amount missing from client accounts, including fabricated gains, was almost $65 billion. The court-appointed trustee estimated actual losses to investors of $18 billion. On June 29, 2009, Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison, the maximum allowed.
Early life.
Madoff was born on April 29, 1938, in Queens, New York City, New York, the son of Jewish parents Sylvia (née Muntner; December 1911 – December 1974), a homemaker, and Ralph Madoff (June 1910 – July 1972), a plumber and stockbroker. Madoff's grandparents were emigrants from Poland, Romania and Austria. He is the second of three children; his siblings are Sondra (Weiner) and Peter. Madoff graduated from Far Rockaway High School in 1956. He attended the University of Alabama for one year, where he became a brother of the Tau Chapter of the Sigma Alpha Mu fraternity, then transferred to and graduated from Hofstra University in 1960 with a Bachelor of Arts in political science. Madoff briefly attended Brooklyn Law School, but founded the Wall Street firm Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC and remained working for his own company.
Career.
Madoff was chairman of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC from its startup in 1960 until his arrest on December 11, 2008.
The firm started as a penny stock trader with $5,000 ($ today) that Madoff earned from working as a lifeguard and sprinkler installer. He further secured a loan of $50,000 from his father-in-law which he also used to set up Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC. His business grew with the assistance of his father-in-law, accountant Saul Alpern, who referred a circle of friends and their families. Initially, the firm made markets (quoted bid and ask prices) via the National Quotation Bureau's Pink Sheets. In order to compete with firms that were members of the New York Stock Exchange trading on the stock exchange's floor, his firm began using innovative computer information technology to disseminate its quotes. After a trial run, the technology that the firm helped to develop became the NASDAQ.
The firm functioned as a third-market provider, bypassing exchange specialist firms by directly executing orders over the counter from retail brokers. At one point, Madoff Securities was the largest market maker at the NASDAQ, and in 2008 was the sixth-largest market maker on Wall Street. The firm also had an investment management and advisory division, which it did not publicize, that was the focus of the fraud investigation.
Madoff was "the first prominent practitioner" of payment for order flow, in which a dealer pays a broker for the right to execute a customer's order. This has been called a "legal kickback." Some academics have questioned the ethics of these payments. Madoff has argued that these payments did not alter the price that the customer received. He viewed the payments as a normal business practice: If your girlfriend goes to buy stockings at a supermarket, the racks that display those stockings are usually paid for by the company that manufactured the stockings. Order flow is an issue that attracted a lot of attention but is grossly overrated.
Madoff was active in the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD), a self-regulatory securities industry organization and has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and on the Board of Governors of the NASD.
Government access.
Since 1991, Madoff and his wife have contributed about $240,000 to federal candidates, parties and committees, including $25,000 a year from 2005 through 2008 to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. The Committee returned $100,000 of the Madoffs' contributions to Irving Picard, the bankruptcy trustee who oversees all claims. Senator Charles E. Schumer returned almost $30,000 received from Madoff and his relatives to the trustee, and Senator Christopher J. Dodd donated $1,500 to the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity, a Madoff victim.
The Madoff family gained access to Washington's lawmakers and regulators through the industry's top trade group. The Madoff family has long-standing, high-level ties to the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), the primary securities industry organization. Bernard Madoff sat on the Board of Directors of the Securities Industry Association, which merged with the Bond Market Association in 2006 to form SIFMA, and was Chairman of its Trading Committee. He was also a founding board member of the DTCC subsidiary in London, the International Securities Clearing Corporation.
Madoff's brother Peter then served two terms as a member of SIFMA's Board of Directors. He and Andrew received awards from SIFMA in 2008 for "extraordinary leadership and service". He stepped down from the Board of Directors of SIFMA in December 2008, as news of the Ponzi scheme broke. From 2000 until 2008 the two Madoff brothers gave $56,000 to SIFMA, and tens of thousands of dollars more to sponsor SIFMA industry meetings. Bernard Madoff's niece Shana Madoff was active on the Executive Committee of SIFMA's Compliance & Legal Division, but resigned her SIFMA position shortly after her uncle's arrest.
Madoff's name came up in a fraud investigation for the first time in 1992, when two people complained to the SEC about investments they made with a firm called Avellino & Bienes. Madoff returned the money to investors and the SEC closed the case. In 2004, Genevievette Walker-Lightfoot, a lawyer in the SEC's Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations (OCIE), informed her supervisor branch chief Mark Donohue that her review of Madoff found numerous inconsistencies, and recommended further questioning. However, she was told by Donohue and his boss Eric Swanson to stop work on the Madoff investigation, send them her work results, and instead investigate the mutual fund industry. Swanson, Assistant Director of the SEC's OCIE, had met Shana Madoff in 2003 while investigating her uncle Bernie Madoff and his firm. The investigation concluded in 2005, in 2006 Swanson left the SEC and became engaged to Shana Madoff, and in 2007 the two married. A spokesman for Swanson, who has left the SEC, said he "did not participate in any inquiry of Bernard Madoff Securities or its affiliates while involved in a relationship" with Shana Madoff.
While awaiting sentencing, Madoff met with the SEC's Inspector General, H. David Kotz, who conducted an investigation into how regulators failed to detect the fraud despite numerous red flags. Madoff said he could have been caught in 2003, but bumbling investigators acted like "Lt. Colombo" and never asked the right questions: I was astonished. They never even looked at my stock records. If investigators had checked with The Depository Trust Company, a central securities depository, it would've been easy for them to see. If you're looking at a Ponzi scheme, it's the first thing you do. Madoff said in the June 17, 2009, interview that SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro was a "dear friend", and SEC Commissioner Elisse Walter was a "terrific lady" whom he knew "pretty well".
After Madoff's arrest, the SEC was criticized for its lack of financial expertise and lack of due diligence, despite having received complaints from Harry Markopolos and others for almost a decade. The SEC's Inspector General, Kotz, found that since 1992, there were six botched investigations of Madoff by the SEC, either through incompetent staff work or neglecting allegations of financial experts and whistle-blowers. At least some of the SEC investigators doubted whether Madoff was even trading.
Because of concerns, raised by David P. Weber, former SEC Chief Investigator, of improper conduct by SEC Inspector General H. David Kotz in the Madoff investigation, Inspector General David C. Williams of the U.S. Postal Service was brought in to conduct an independent, outside review of Kotz's alleged improper conduct. The Williams Report questioned Kotz’s work on the Madoff investigation, because Kotz was a "very good friend" with Markopolos. Although investigators were not able to determine when Kotz and Markopolos became friends, the report concluded that it would have violated U.S. ethics rules if their relationship began before or during Kotz’s investigation of Madoff.
Investment scandal.
Concerns about Madoff's business surfaced as early as 1999, when financial analyst Harry Markopolos informed the SEC that he believed it was legally and mathematically impossible to achieve the gains Madoff claimed to deliver. According to Markopolos, he knew within five minutes that Madoff's numbers did not add up, and it took four hours of failed attempts to replicate them to conclude that Madoff was a fraud. He was ignored by the Boston SEC in 2000 and 2001, as well as by Meaghan Cheung at the New York SEC in 2005 and 2007 when he presented further evidence. He has since published a book, , about the frustrating efforts he and his team made over a ten-year period to alert the government, the industry, and the press about the Madoff fraud.
Although Madoff's wealth management business ultimately grew into a multi-billion-dollar operation, none of the major derivatives firms traded with him because they did not believe his numbers were real. None of the major Wall Street firms invested with him either, and several high-ranking executives at those firms suspected he was not legitimate.
Others also contended it was inconceivable that the growing volume of Madoff accounts could be competently and legitimately serviced by his documented accounting/auditing firm, a three-person firm with only one active accountant.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation complaint says that during the first week of December 2008, Madoff confided to a senior employee, identified by Bloomberg News as one of his sons, that he said he was struggling to meet $7 billion in redemptions. According to the sons, Madoff told Mark Madoff on December 9 that he planned to pay out $173 million in bonuses two months early. Madoff said that "he had recently made profits through business operations, and that now was a good time to distribute it." Mark told Andrew Madoff, and the next morning they went to their father's apartment and asked him how he could pay bonuses to his staff if he was having trouble paying clients. With Ruth Madoff nearby, Madoff told them he was "finished," that he had "absolutely nothing" left, that his investment fund was "just one big lie" and "basically, a giant Ponzi scheme." According to their attorney, Madoff's sons then reported their father to federal authorities. On December 11, 2008, he was arrested and charged with securities fraud.
Madoff posted $10 million bail in December 2008 and remained under 24-hour monitoring and house arrest in his Upper East Side penthouse apartment until March 12, 2009, when Judge Denny Chin revoked his bail and remanded him to the Metropolitan Correctional Center. Chin claimed Madoff was a flight risk, because of his age, wealth, and the prospect of spending the rest of his life in prison. Prosecutors filed two asset forfeiture pleadings which include lists of valuable real and personal property as well as financial interests and entities.
Madoff's lawyer, Ira Sorkin, filed an appeal, and prosecutors responded with a notice of opposition.
On June 26, 2009, Chin ordered Madoff to forfeit $170 million in assets. Prosecutors asked Chin to sentence Madoff to the maximum 150 years in prison. Bankruptcy Trustee Irving Picard indicated that "Mr. Madoff has not provided meaningful cooperation or assistance."
In settlement with federal prosecutors, Madoff's wife Ruth agreed to forfeit her claim to US$85 million in assets, leaving her with $2.5 million in cash. The order allowed the SEC and Court appointed trustee Irving Picard to pursue Ruth Madoff's funds. Massachusetts regulators also accused her of withdrawing $15 million from company-related accounts shortly before he confessed.
In February 2009, Madoff reached an agreement with the SEC, banning him from the securities industry for life.
Picard has sued Madoff's sons, Mark and Andrew, his brother Peter, and Peter's daughter, Shana, for negligence and breach of fiduciary duty, for $198 million. The defendants had received over $80 million in compensation since 2001 and "used the bank account at BLMIS like a personal piggy bank." The trustee believes they knew about the fraud because of their personal investments in the scheme, the longevity of the fraud, and because of their work at the company including roles as corporate and compliance officers. Since 1995, Peter Madoff had invested only $32,146, but withdrew over $16 million. Mark and Andrew Madoff withdrew more than $35 million from a small original investment. Picard asserts Mark Madoff conspired with his father to hide $25 million in unknown Swiss accounts.
Mechanics of the fraud.
According to the SEC indictment against Annette Bongiorno and Joann Crupi, two back office workers who worked for Madoff, they created false trading reports based on the returns that Madoff ordered for each customer. For example, once Madoff determined a customer's return, one of the back office workers would enter a false trade from a previous date and then enter a false closing trade in the amount of the required profit, according to the indictment. Prosecutors allege that Bongiorno used a computer program specially designed to backdate trades and manipulate account statements. They quote her as writing to a manager in the early 1990s "I need the ability to give any settlement date I want." In some cases returns were allegedly determined before the account was even opened.
Madoff admitted during his March 2009 guilty plea that the essence of his scheme was to deposit client money into a Chase account, rather than invest it and generate steady returns as clients had believed. When clients wanted their money, "I used the money in the Chase Manhattan bank account that belonged to them or other clients to pay the requested funds," he told the court.
Affinity fraud.
Affected institutions considered victims of affinity fraud include the Women's Zionist Organization of America, the Elie Wiesel Foundation and Steven Spielberg's Wunderkinder Foundation. Jewish federations and hospitals have lost millions of dollars, forcing some organizations to close. The Lappin Foundation, for instance, was forced to temporarily close because it had invested its funds with Madoff.
Size of loss to investors.
David Sheehan, chief counsel to trustee Picard, stated on September 27, 2009, that about $36 billion was invested into the scam, returning $18 billion to investors, with $18 billion missing. About half of Madoff's investors were "net winners," earning more than their investment. The withdrawal amounts in the final six years were subject to "clawback" (return of money) lawsuits.
In a May 4, 2011, statement, trustee Picard said that the total fictitious amounts owed to customers (with some adjustments) were $57 billion, of which $17.3 billion was actually invested by the customers. $7.6 billion has been recovered, but pending lawsuits, only $2.6 billion is available to repay victims. If all the recovered funds are returned to victims, their net loss would be just under $10 billion.
The Internal Revenue Service ruled that investors' capital loss in this and other fraudulent investment schemes will be treated as a business loss, thereby allowing the victims to claim them as net operating losses to reduce tax liability.
The size of the fraud was often stated as $65 billion early in the investigation, but former SEC Chairman Harvey Pitt estimated the actual net fraud to be between $10 and $17 billion. Erin Arvedlund, who publicly questioned Madoff's reported investment performance in 2001, stated that the actual amount of the fraud might never be known, but was likely between $12 and $20 billion.
Jeffry Picower, rather than Madoff, appears to have been the largest beneficiary of Madoff's Ponzi scheme, and his estate settled the claims against it for $7.2 billion.
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. also benefited from the scheme—through interest and fees charged. Trustee Irving Picard sought the return of $1 billion and damages of $5.4 billion. Morgan eventually settled for at least $1.7 billion. According to the same lawsuit, New York Mets owners Fred Wilpon and Saul Katz and associated individuals and firms, received $300 million from the scheme. Wilpon and Katz "categorically reject" the charges.
Plea, sentencing, and prison life.
On March 12, 2009, Madoff pled guilty to 11 federal felonies, including securities fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud, money laundering, making false statements, perjury, theft from an employee benefit plan, and making false filings with the SEC. The plea was the response to a criminal complaint filed two days earlier, which stated that over the past 20 years, Madoff had defrauded his clients of almost $65 billion in the largest Ponzi scheme in history. Madoff insisted he was solely responsible for the fraud. Madoff did not plea bargain with the government. Rather, he pleaded guilty to all charges. It has been speculated that Madoff pleaded guilty because he refused to cooperate with the authorities in order to avoid naming any associates and conspirators who were involved with him in the Ponzi scheme.
On November 3, 2009, David Friehling, Madoff's accounting front man pleaded guilty to securities fraud, investment adviser fraud, making false filings to the SEC, and obstructing the IRS. Madoff's right hand man, Frank DiPascali pleaded guilty in August 2009, and is awaiting bail.
In his plea allocution, Madoff stated he began his Ponzi scheme in 1991. He admitted he had never made any legitimate investments with his clients' money during this time. Instead, he said, he simply deposited the money into his personal business account at Chase Manhattan Bank. When his customers asked for withdrawals, he paid them out of the Chase account—a classic "robbing Peter to pay Paul" scenario. Chase and its successor, JPMorgan Chase, may have earned as much as $483 million from his bank account. He was committed to satisfying his clients' expectations of high returns, despite an economic recession. He admitted to false trading activities masked by foreign transfers and false SEC filings. He stated that he always intended to resume legitimate trading activity, but it proved "difficult, and ultimately impossible" to reconcile his client accounts. In the end, Madoff said, he realized that his scam would eventually be exposed.
On June 29, 2009, Chin sentenced Madoff to the maximum sentence of 150 years in federal prison. Madoff's lawyers originally asked the judge to impose a sentence of 7 years, and later requested that the sentence be 12 years, because of Madoff's advanced age of 71 and his life expectancy.
Madoff apologized to his victims, saying, I have left a legacy of shame, as some of my victims have pointed out, to my family and my grandchildren. This is something I will live in for the rest of my life. I'm sorry. He added, "I know that doesn't help you," after his victims recommended to the judge that he receive a life sentence. Chin had not received any mitigating letters from friends or family testifying to Madoff's good deeds. "The absence of such support is telling," he said.
Chin also said that Madoff had not been forthcoming about his crimes. "I have a sense Mr. Madoff has not done all that he could do or told all that he knows," said Chin, calling the fraud "extraordinarily evil," "unprecedented" and "staggering," and that the sentence would deter others from committing similar frauds. Chin also agreed with prosecutors' contention that the fraud began at some point in the 1980s. He also noted that Madoff's crimes were "off the charts" since federal sentencing guidelines for fraud only go up to $400 million in losses.
Ruth did not attend court but issued a statement, saying "I am breaking my silence now because my reluctance to speak has been interpreted as indifference or lack of sympathy for the victims of my husband Bernie's crime, which is exactly the opposite of the truth. I am embarrassed and ashamed. Like everyone else, I feel betrayed and confused. The man who committed this horrible fraud is not the man whom I have known for all these years."
Incarceration.
Madoff's attorney asked the judge to recommend that the Federal Bureau of Prisons place Madoff in the Federal Correctional Institution, Otisville, which is located from Manhattan. The judge, however, only recommended that Madoff be sent to a facility in the Northeast United States. Madoff was transferred to the Federal Correctional Institution Butner Medium near Butner, North Carolina, about northwest of Raleigh; he is Bureau of Prisons Register #61727-054. Jeff Gammage of the "Philadelphia Inquirer" said "Madoff's heavy sentence likely determined his fate."
Madoff's projected release date is November 14, 2139. The release date, described as "academic" in Madoff's case because he would have to live to the age of 201, reflects a reduction for good behavior. On October 13, 2009, it was reported that Madoff experienced his first prison yard fight with another senior citizen inmate. When he began his sentence, Madoff's stress levels were so severe that he broke out in hives and other skin maladies soon after.
On December 18, 2009, Madoff was moved to Duke University Medical Center in Durham, North Carolina, and was treated for several facial injuries. A former inmate later claimed that the injuries were received during an alleged altercation with another inmate. Other news reports described Madoff's injuries as more serious and including "facial fractures, broken ribs, and a collapsed lung". The Federal Bureau of Prisons said Madoff signed an affidavit on December 24, 2009, which indicated that he had not been assaulted and that he had been admitted to the hospital for hypertension.
In his letter to his daughter-in-law, Madoff said that he was being treated in prison like a "Mafia don". They call me either Uncle Bernie or Mr. Madoff. I can't walk anywhere without someone shouting their greetings and encouragement, to keep my spirit up. It's really quite sweet, how concerned everyone is about my well being, including the staff ... It's much safer here than walking the streets of New York.
Personal life.
On November 28, 1959, Madoff married Ruth Alpern, whom he had met while attending Far Rockaway High School. The two eventually began dating. Ruth graduated high school in 1958 and earned her bachelor's degree at Queens College, she was employed at the stock market in Manhattan before working in Madoff's firm, and she founded the Madoff Charitable Foundation. Bernard and Ruth Madoff had two sons: Mark (March 11, 1964 – December 11, 2010), a 1986 graduate of the University of Michigan, and Andrew (born April 8, 1966), a 1988 graduate of University of Pennsylvania's Wharton Business School. Both later worked in the trading section alongside paternal cousin Charles Weiner.
Several family members worked for Madoff. His younger brother, Peter, an attorney, was Senior Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer, and Peter's daughter, Shana Madoff, also an attorney, was the compliance attorney. On the morning of December 11, 2010—exactly two years after Bernard's arrest—his son Mark was found dead in his New York City apartment. The city medical examiner ruled the cause of death as suicide by hanging.
Mark Madoff owed his parents $22 million, and Andrew Madoff owes $9.5 million. There were two loans in 2008 from Bernard Madoff to Andrew Madoff: $4.3 million on October 6, and $250,000 on September 21. Andrew owns a Manhattan apartment and a home in Greenwich, Connecticut, as did his brother prior to Mark's death. 
Following a divorce from his first wife in 2000, Mark withdrew money from an account. Both sons used outside investment firms to run their own private philanthropic foundations. In March 2003, Andrew Madoff was diagnosed with mantle cell lymphoma and eventually returned to work. He was named Chairman of the Lymphoma Research Foundation in January 2008, but resigned shortly after his father's arrest.
Peter and Andrew Madoff remain the targets of a tax fraud investigation by federal prosecutors, according to "The Wall Street Journal". David Friehling, Bernard Madoff's tax accountant, who pleaded guilty in a related case, is reportedly assisting the investigation. According to a civil lawsuit filed in October 2009, trustee Irving Picard alleges that Peter Madoff deposited $32,146 into his Madoff accounts and withdrew over $16 million; Andrew deposited almost $1 million into his accounts and withdrew $17 million; Mark deposited $745,482 and withdrew $18.1 million.
Madoff lived in Roslyn, New York, in a ranch house through the 1970s. After 1980 he owned an ocean-front residence in Montauk. His primary residence was on Manhattan's Upper East Side, and he was listed as chairman of the building's co-op board. He also owned a home in France and a mansion in Palm Beach, Florida, where he was a member of the Palm Beach Country Club. Madoff owned a sportfishing yacht named "Bull". All three homes were auctioned by the U.S. Marshals Service in September 2009.
Sheryl Weinstein, former chief financial officer of Hadassah, disclosed in a book written to recoup her investment losses that she and Madoff had an affair more than 20 years ago. As of 1997, when Weinstein left, Hadassah had invested a total of $40 million. By the end of 2008, Hadassah had withdrawn $140 million from an account valued at $90 million. At the victim impact sentencing hearing, Weinstein testified, calling him a "beast".
According to a March 13, 2009, filing by Madoff, he and his wife were worth up to $126 million, plus an estimated $700 million for the value of his business interest in Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC. Other major assets included securities ($45 million), cash ($17 million), half-interest in BLM Air Charter ($12 million), a 2006 Leopard yacht ($7 million), jewelry ($2.6 million), Manhattan apartment ($7 million), Montauk home ($3 million), Palm Beach home ($11 million), Cap d' Antibes, France property ($1 million), and furniture, household goods, and art ($9.9 million). 
During a 2011 interview on CBS, Ruth Madoff claimed she and her husband had attempted suicide after his fraud was exposed, both taking "a bunch of pills" in a suicide pact on Christmas Eve 2008. In November 2011, former Madoff employee David Kugel pleaded guilty to charges that arose out of the Ponzi scheme. He admitted having helped Madoff create a phony paper trail, the false account statements that were supplied to clients.
Bernie Madoff suffered a heart attack in December 2013, and reportedly suffers from end-stage renal disease (ESRD). The "New York Daily News" claimed Madoff has kidney cancer in its reportage on Madoff in late January 2014.
Philanthropy and other activities.
Madoff was a prominent philanthropist, who served on boards of nonprofit institutions, many of which entrusted his firm with their endowments. The collapse and freeze of his personal assets and those of his firm affected businesses, charities, and foundations around the world, including the Chais Family Foundation, the Robert I. Lappin Charitable Foundation, the Picower Foundation, and the JEHT Foundation which were forced to close. Madoff donated approximately $6 million to lymphoma research after his son Andrew was diagnosed with the disease.
He and his wife gave over $230,000 to political causes since 1991, with the bulk going to the Democratic Party.
Madoff served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Sy Syms School of Business at Yeshiva University, and as Treasurer of its Board of Trustees. He resigned his position at Yeshiva University after his arrest. Madoff also served on the Board of New York City Center, a member of New York City's Cultural Institutions Group (CIG). He served on the executive council of the Wall Street division of the UJA Foundation of New York which declined to invest funds with him because of the conflict of interest.
Madoff undertook charity work for the Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation and made philanthropic gifts through the Madoff Family Foundation, a $19 million private foundation, which he managed along with his wife. They donated money to hospitals and theaters. The foundation has also contributed to many educational, cultural, and health charities, including those later forced to close because of Madoff's fraud. After Madoff's arrest, the assets of the Madoff Family Foundation were frozen by a federal court.

</doc>
<doc id="20650189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650189" title="United States Floorball Association">
United States Floorball Association

The United States Floorball Association (USFbA) is the highest governing body for floorball in the United States of America. The USFbA is a self-governed organization, recognized by both state and federal governments. It is based in Fresno, California.
Organization.
The USFbA is divided into 5 regional branches: West, Central, North, Northeast, and Southeast. Each regional branch has a director who is in charge of floorball for that region.
The USFbA has been a member of the International Floorball Federation (IFF) since 1993. As of June 30th, 2008, there are 920 registered floorball players in the United States, which is one-and-a-half times the total of registered players in 2007.
Central Board.
The current central board consists of a President, Vice-President, and 3 regional directors.
History.
The sport of floorball was initially introduced in the United States by Scandinavian players who brought the game with them when traveling to the United States. In 1991, Swedish players in Boston formed a floorball club at MIT. The sport soon grew in popularity and reached several universities, where it was also played at the club level.
The first step towards membership with the International Floorball Federation (IFF) was taken in the mid-90's, when floorball found new ground in California. After founding the USFbA, the organization attempted to gather and send a national team to the 1998 World Floorball Championships, but fell short due to a lack of players. In 2002, the USFbA succeeded in gathering a team and the United States was able to field their first national team. This team consisted of players based in various countries, such as Finland, Norway, Sweden, and Switzerland but also contained USA based players such as current USFbA president Calle Karlsson.
In 2009, the USFbA moved their central headquarters from Raleigh, North Carolina, to Fresno, California.
Players.
Players in the USA must register with USFbA's Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) insurance policy before taking part in any nationally sanctioned tournaments or competitions. Through this partnership, the development of floorball locally is expected to grow much more securely thanks to improved protection.
National Teams.
Although their first appearance was in 2002, the US national team has had considerable success at the World Floorball Championships, finishing as high as 3rd place in the B-Division of the 2008 Men's World Floorball Championships.
Adam Troy has served as the team's general manager since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20650196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650196" title="Leon Dabo">
Leon Dabo

Leon Dabo (July 9, 1864 – November 7, 1960) was an American tonalist landscape artist best known for his paintings of New York, particularly the Hudson Valley. His paintings were known for their feeling of spaciousness, with large areas of the canvas that had little but land, sea, or clouds. During his peak, he was considered a master of his art, earning praise from such luminaries as John Spargo, Bliss Carman, Benjamin De Casseres, Edwin Markham, and Anatole Le Braz. His brother, Scott Dabo, was also a noted painter.
Early life.
Dabo, the eldest of three brothers (he also had five sisters), was possibly born in Paris, France but recently available documents state he was born in Saverne. His father Ignace Scott Dabo was a professor of aesthetics and a classical scholar, who moved the family to Detroit, Michigan in 1870 to escape the Franco-Prussian War. He supplemented Leon's formal education with Latin, French, and drawing. After his father's death in 1883, the Dabo family moved to New York City, whereupon he found a job as an architectural designer, working to support the family so that his younger brother Scott, who was considered the talented one, could focus on his art. He then became a student of John LaFarge, and the two of them would remain close friends until LaFarge's death. When Dabo decided to pursue studies in Paris, LaFarge wrote letters of introduction, enabling Dabo to meet Pierre Puvis de Chavannes, who would become his mentor, and to gain entry to the École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs. He also studied part-time at the Académie Colarossi and the École des Beaux-Arts. Although Impressionism was gaining hold at this time, Dabo did not find that movement to his taste.
Dabo also studied briefly at the Academy of Fine Arts Munich, but the nascent form of German Expressionism did not appeal to him and he moved on to Italy, where he stayed for three years. This was followed by a year in Nancy, France, studying color with Émile Lauge, a physicist. Finally, he spent some time in London around 1886, where he made the acquaintance of James Abbott McNeill Whistler, who also apparently was a fellow student of Marc-Charles-Gabriel Gleyre with Dabo's father. Whistler would have a profound influence on Dabo's style.
While in London, Dabo met Mary Jane "Jennie" Ford, they married in 1889 and the couple had two children: Madeleine Helen (b. 1891), Leon Ford "George" (b. 1892), Leon and Jennie would separate in the 1920s. After Jennie's death in 1945, Dabo officially married his "wife" since the 1930s, Stephanie Ofenthal.
Artistic success.
He returned in New York in 1890 and began his career as a muralist, but by the beginning of the 20th century had turned to painting landscapes instead. For years, Dabo's paintings were rejected for exhibition by the major juries of the United States, until respected French painter Edmond Aman-Jean recognized his talents and began showing Dabo's work in France, whereupon he became a major success. His work was on display in museums all around the world, including Musée du Luxembourg, the National Gallery of Canada, the National Gallery of Art in Washington, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in Manhattan, and the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. Noted critics such as Sadakichi Hartmann, Royal Cortissoz and J. Nilson Laurvik showered praise on his paintings.
]
As Dabo's success grew, it was met with by jealousy on the part of Scott. By all accounts, Leon consistently championed his brother's work and the two of them often exhibited together. He even held power of attorney to act as Scott's representative with prospective buyers in Europe. When Scott went to study in Paris in 1902, Leon wrote letters of introduction on his behalf. However, reviews in the press were usually more favorable to Leon, buyers were more interested in Leon's work, and it sold for more as well. Finally at one point, the youngest brother Louis returned from Europe with a new power of attorney statement placing himself in charge of Scott's work, charging that Leon had imitated Scott's style, undermined him with buyers, and misappropriated the proceeds from the sales of Scott's work. Although the Dabo sisters sided with Louis and Scott, Leon simply refuted the charges and "The New York Times" did not much stock into Louis' statements.
Aligning himself with the insurgents of the art world, Dabo participated in the "Exhibition of Contemporary Art" at the National Arts Club in 1908. Later that year he showed with the Allied Artists' Association, a newly organized artist group in London mounting non-juried exhibitions. In 1909 he curated and participated in an art exhibition for the Rand School of Social Science and in 1910, he participated in the "Exhibition of Independent Artists" held by members of the Ashcan School. In that same year Dabo became the leader of The Pastellists, a somewhat radical artist exhibition society. He was an initial exhibitor at the MacDowell Club in their non-juried exhibitions, the brainchild of the Ashcan School's Robert Henri. A charter member of the Association of American Painters and Sculptors, Dabo was a principal organizer of the International Exhibition of Modern Art in 1913, better known as the Armory Show. He hosted several of its earliest meetings in his studio, but he was back in Europe before the show opened.
World War I.
During World War I, the multilingual Dabo went to France and offered his services to Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau. He ended up serving as an officer in the French and British Armies successively and exposed a number of German spies, using his ear for dialect and accent. He even played the role of spy once, going behind German lines to gain information. For the U.S., he was part of a commission that investigated alleged atrocities that happened in France during the course of the war, and reported that they were indeed true. He was commissioned as a captain in the United States Army and served as an interpreter for the American Expeditionary Force as well as an aide-de-camp to Major General Mark L. Hersey of the 4th Infantry Division.
Later life.
After the war, his artistic output decreased. He began to feel that American men had become too materialistic, but women, he felt, were of a more spiritual nature, and could "save" art from indifference. As a result, he became a popular lecturer, often speaking to as many as fifteen women's clubs a month on art all around the country.
In the 1920s, he taught and painted in various artists' colonies in the Litchfield Hills of Connecticut. Starting in 1933, he began to exhibit flower paintings and pastels, a departure from the landscapes with which he had become associated. They were well received, with "The New York Times" saying the works were "a distinct contribution to be associated with the flower harmonies of Odilon Redon and of Fantin-Latour."
In 1937, he returned to France and established a studio there, where he painted French landscapes. With war approaching, Dabo helped artists such as Walter Sickert and Fernand Léger transport their works out of the country to avoid their being confiscated. He escaped the German occupation of France in late 1940, through Portugal. After the war, he returned to France in 1948 and painted more landscapes, most notably of Montagne Sainte-Victoire. These paintings were highly received and he was invited to exhibit them at the "Painters of Mont Ste. Victoire: Tribute to Cézanne" show in 1951. That year, he returned the United States for the last time.
Dabo died in Manhattan in 1960 at the age of 96. He is buried in Long Island National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20650219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650219" title="Yaozhou District">
Yaozhou District

Yaozhou District (), formerly Yao County (), is a district under the administration of Tongchuan city in Shaanxi province of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of and a population of approximately 300,000 as of 2002.
Administrative divisions.
Yaozhou District administers two roads, eleven towns and two rural townships. The streets are Yong'an Street and Tianbao Street. The towns are Liulin, Sigou, Miaowan, Dongjiahe, Yaoqu, Sunyuan, Guanzhuang, Potou, Zhaojin, and Xiaoqiu. The rural townships are Shizhu and Yanchi.

</doc>
<doc id="20650220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650220" title="King of the Hill (soundtrack)">
King of the Hill (soundtrack)

King of the Hill: Original Soundtrack is a soundtrack album to the animated Fox sitcom "King of the Hill". It was released in 1999 via Asylum Records. The album includes covers of southern rock songs and original songs, performed by country and rock artists (some of which have appeared on the show). Two songs from the album were released as singles: Travis Tritt and George Thorogood's cover of Hank Williams' "Move It On Over" and Barenaked Ladies' "Get in Line". Both songs were made into music videos. Brooks & Dunn's cover of Bob Seger's "Against the Wind" also charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart at number 53 from unsolicited airplay.

</doc>
<doc id="20650222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650222" title="Vikramaditya Khanna">
Vikramaditya Khanna

Vikramaditya Khanna is a professor of law at the University of Michigan Law School, and the founding and current editor of the "India Law Abstracts" and the "White Collar Crime Abstracts" on the Social Science Research Network.
He earned his S.J.D. at Harvard Law School and has been visiting faculty at Harvard Law School, a senior research fellow at Columbia Law School and Yale Law School, and a visiting scholar at Stanford Law School. He was a recipient of the John M. Olin Faculty Fellowship for 2002–2003, and his areas of research and teaching interest include corporate and securities laws, law in India, corporate governance in emerging markets, corporate crime, corporate and managerial liability, and law and economics. He is a faculty member of the International Policy Center at the University of Michigan.
Khanna testified before of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee on matters related to white-collar crime. He was appointed special master in a dispute between an Indian company and an American company. Khanna discussed his research on India at the Securities and Exchange Board of India. Khanna's papers have been published in a number of academic journals including the Harvard Law Review, Michigan Law Review, Journal of Empirical Legal Studies, Boston University Law Review, and the Georgetown Law Journal. He has given talks at Harvard, Columbia, Berkeley, Wharton, Stanford, Yale, European Financial Management Association Annual Meeting, American Law & Economics Association Annual Meeting, Conference on Empirical Legal Studies, NBER, and a number of venues in the US, India, China, Turkey, Canada, Greece and Singapore. 
Khanna has taught the following courses; Enterprise Organization, Securities Regulation, Corporate Governance and Stock Market Development: India, China and Other Large Emerging Markets, Law & Economic Development: India; Corporate & White Collar Crime; Impact of Sarbanes-Oxley on Doing Business. 

</doc>
<doc id="20650237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650237" title="Vinderup">
Vinderup

Vinderup is a railway town in Northwestern Jutland, Holstebro Municipality, Denmark at the railway between Holstebro and Skive. Vinderup has a population of 3,121 (1 January 2013) and was the main town of now abolished Vinderup Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20650245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650245" title="William Campbell (footballer)">
William Campbell (footballer)

William Cecil Campbell (25 October 1865 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Inverness.
He started his career at Royal Arsenal, joining in 1890 and making his debut in a September 1890 friendly against the 93rd Highlanders. Described as "an extrovert and a crowd pleaser", his stay at Arsenal was brief and by the end of the year he had joined Preston North End as a replacement for John Goodall. However he was regarded as an "enthusiastic novice" and quickly dropped by Preston, leaving the club in February 1891.
Campbell went on to have a brief spell at Middlesbrough before settling at Second Division Darwen. However he was suspended at the end of the 1892–93 season for a misdemeanour, delaying his transfer to Blackburn Rovers until October 1893. He lasted barely a month at Blackburn before being transferred again to Newton Heath. His stay at Newton Heath lasted just three months, before he joined Notts County, his fourth club that season, in February 1894.
In May 1894, he was suspended by the Football League for two years for illegally approaching his former Blackburn team-mate John Murray for transfer and he played for two years in non-league football.

</doc>
<doc id="20650260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650260" title="Skjern">
Skjern

'Skjern' may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20650272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650272" title="Charlie Bowman">
Charlie Bowman

Charles Thomas Bowman (July 30, 1889 – May 20, 1962) was an American old-time fiddle player and string band leader. He was a major influence on the distinctive fiddle sound that helped shape and develop early Country music in the 1920s and 1930s. After delivering a series of performances that won him the first prize in dozens of fiddle contests across Southern Appalachia in the early 1920s, Bowman toured and recorded with several string bands and vaudeville acts before forming his own band, the Blue Ridge Music Makers, in 1935. In his career, he would be associated with country and bluegrass pioneers such as Uncle Dave Macon, Fiddlin' John Carson, Roy Acuff, Charlie Poole, and Bill Monroe.
Early life.
Bowman was born July 30, 1889, in Gray Station, Tennessee, a small community approximately west of Johnson City. He first learned to play banjo at the age of 12, and purchased his first fiddle for $4.50 shortly thereafter. According to family tradition, Bowman actually made his first recording on a neighbor's Edison cylinder phonograph in 1908. In his teen years, he and his brothers (who had each learned a different instrument) collected pocket change by playing at square dances and other local events around Washington County. Congressman B. Carroll Reece was one of several politicians to hire the Bowmans to play at political rallies in the early 1920s, and Reece remained a lifelong friend of the Bowman family.
In the early 1920s, a local businessman sponsored Bowman in the United Commercial Travelers' fiddle contest in nearby Johnson City. After placing second and collecting a $25 prize, Bowman, realizing he could make money by playing in fiddle contests, spent several months traveling back and forth to contests around the region. He captured first prize in an astonishing 28 out of the 32 contests he entered. At one point, when several people had become skeptical of Bowman's success, the judges were placed so they couldn't see who was playing, yet Bowman still placed first.
String bands and vaudeville.
At a Mountain City fiddlers' convention in May 1925, Bowman met Al Hopkins, who invited Bowman to join his band, the "Hill Billies." With Bowman on fiddle, the Hill Billies traveled to New York, where they recorded several sides for Vocalion and Brunswick and even played on Broadway. The band then relocated to Washington, D.C. where they played regularly on D.C.-area radio station WLS, and in 1928, performed at a White House social hosted by President Calvin Coolidge. Later that year, the band played in the Al Jolson motion picture, "The Singing Fool". In Fall 1928, Bowman left the band and returned to Gray Station.
In October 1928, Bowman and several family members made several recordings at the Johnson City sessions, a recording audition held by Columbia Records in Johnson City. The following year, Columbia invited Bowman to New York, where he and his brother, Walter (on banjo), recorded "Forked Deer" and "Moonshiner and His Money." Around 1930, Bowman and several family members joined the vaudeville group, the "Blue Ridge Ramblers", with whom they toured the Loew's vaudeville circuit until 1935.
Later career.
After leaving the Blue Ridge Ramblers, Bowman formed his own string band, the Blue Ridge Music Makers, and played on various radio stations throughout the Southeastern United States. In the 1940s, Bowman traveled west, sometimes as far as California, playing at different venues and with various makeshift bands and line-ups. He played in 20 different states before he finally gave up performing in 1957. 
In the early 1960s, at the height of the folk revival movement in the United States, Bowman was interviewed by several magazines and music collectors, including Dorsey Dixon and Pete Seeger. His recollections of the Johnson City sessions, his years with the Hill Billies, and numerous other memories provided an invaluable first-hand account of the development of Old-time music and country music in the 1920s and 1930s. Bowman died on May 20, 1962.
Bowman wrote and adapted dozens of songs and fiddle tunes throughout his career. His most well-known include railroad songs such as "Nine Pound Hammer," "Roll On, Buddy," and "Fogless Bill." "Reece Rag" was written for his friend, Congressman B. Carroll Reece. Often, Bowman's performances involved musical skits, such as with "Moonshiner and His Money." Bowman's repertoire of traditional songs included "Forked Deer" and "Turkey in the Straw."

</doc>
<doc id="20650295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650295" title="Gal Oya riots">
Gal Oya riots

The Gal Oya riots or Gal Oya massacre were the first ethnic riots that targeted the minority Tamils in the Dominion of Ceylon. The riots took place from June 11, 1956 and occurred over the next five days. Local majority Sinhalese colonists and employees of the Gal Oya Development Board commandeered government vehicles, dynamite and weapons and massacred minority Tamils. It is estimated that over 150 people lost their lives due in the violence. Although initially inactive, the police and army were eventually able to bring the situation under control. 
Background information.
In British Ceylon, most civil service jobs (roughly 60%) were held by minority Tamils who comprised approximately 15% of the population. This was due to the availability of Western style education provided by American missionaries and others in the Tamil dominant Jaffna peninsula. The overrepresentation of Tamils was used by populist Sinhalese politicians to come to political power by promising to elevate the Sinhalese people. The pro-Sinhalese nationalist Freedom Party came to power in 1956 promising to make Sinhala, the language of the majority Sinhalese people the sole official language. The so-called Sinhala only policy was opposed by the Tamil Federal party which conducted a nonviolent sit-in protest on June 5, 1956 in front of the parliament in Colombo, the capital city. About 200 Tamil leaders and politicians took part in this protest. But the protestors were attacked by a Sinhalese mob that was led a junior government minister. The same mob, after listening to a speech by populist Sinhalese politicians urging them to boycott Tamil business, went on a looting spree in the city. Over 150 Tamil owned shops were looted and many people were hospitalized for their injuries. But these disturbances were quickly brought under control by the police.
Gal Oya settlement scheme.
Gal Oya settlement scheme was begun in 1949 to settle landless peasants in formerly jungle land. Gal Oya river in the Eastern province was dammed and a tank was created with of irrigated land. In 1956 the settlement had over 50 new villages where over 5,000 ethnic Tamil, Muslim, Indigenous Veddha and Sinhalese were settled. The Sinhalese were approximately 50% of the settlers. Sinhalese and others were spatially separated from each other as Sinhalese were settled at the more productive headwaters of the Gal Oya tank and the Tamils and Muslims at the down rivers closer to their former native villages. Settlement of large number of Sinhalese peasants in what Tamil nationalists considered their traditional Tamil homeland, was a source of tension within the settlement area.
The massacres.
As information about disturbances in the capital Colombo reached the outlying area, the riots began on the evening of June 11, 1956 when agitated mobs began roaming the streets of Gal Oya valley looking for Tamils. Properties owned by Tamils, including those of Indian Tamils, were looted and burned down. In the following days a number of rumors began to spread. The chief amongst them was that a Sinhalese girl had been raped and made to walk naked down the street in a nearby Tamil dominated town, Batticalao, by a Tamil mob. Although this later proved to be false, the rumor inflamed the passions of the mob and led to further massacres and property destruction.
There were further rumors that an army of 6,000 Tamils armed with guns were in the process of approaching the Sinhalese settlements in the Gal Oya valley. This led local groups of Sinhalese men to commandeer government vehicles to travel to outlying Tamil villages. According to journalist W. Howard Higgins and Manor well over one hundred Tamils were massacred by the mob. At first the local police made no attempt to control the mob as they said that they were outnumbered by the rioters. It was only after the arrival of army reinforcements and stern action taken by them that the killings and destruction were suppressed.

</doc>
<doc id="20650301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650301" title="John Parsons (footballer)">
John Parsons (footballer)

John Stuart Parsons (born 10 December 1950 in Cardiff) is a Welsh former professional footballer.
Career.
Parsons began his career at his hometown club Cardiff City, turning professional in 1968. However he had to wait until February 1971 to make his debut for the club when he scored twice in consecutive substitute appearances against Oxford United and Sunderland and was handed his first start soon after. Despite being a prolific scorer in the reserve team, Parsons never managed to hold down a regular place in the first team due to the wealth of striking talent in the likes of Brian Clark, John Toshack and Alan Warboys and, in February 1973, left to join Bournemouth. His time at Bournemouth was severely hampered by injuries and he had made just 8 league appearances when he returned to Wales to sign for Newport County in March 1975. His spell at Newport was his most successful spell in The Football League, spending two seasons as a regular in the side before moving into non-league football.

</doc>
<doc id="20650316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650316" title="Discosadness">
Discosadness

Discosadness (2002) is the debut full-length album by Say Hi. Elbogen is the only performer on the album and recorded it entirely on a Windows machine which he built himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20650325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650325" title="Ken MacDonald (footballer)">
Ken MacDonald (footballer)

Kenneth "Ken" MacDonald (24 April 1898 – "unknown") was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as a striker. He was born in Llanrwst. He played for Inverness Citadel, Clachnacuddin, Aberdeen, Caerau, Cardiff City, Manchester United, Bradford Park Avenue, Hull City, Halifax Town, Coleraine, Walker Celtic and Blyth Spartans.

</doc>
<doc id="20650329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650329" title="Insideschools.org">
Insideschools.org

Insideschools.org was founded in 2002 to provide independent insight into New York City public schools and information about the New York City Department of Education. The site includes reviews of the more than 1,400 public schools in the city, information on how to navigate the Department of Education bureaucracy, advice columns that address readers' questions, forums for parents and students to talk with each other, and a blog that is updated daily with school news and commentary. The school reviews are written by journalists who visit each school to interview educators, students and parents and observe what’s happening in the classrooms, cafeterias, hallways and even the bathrooms. 
Insideschools.org is a project of the non-profit Advocates for Children of New York and receives no money from the Department of Education.
History.
The idea was originally launched by journalist Clara Hemphill in the fall of 2000 as a project of Advocates for Children of New York. According to a "New York Times" story, "the guide was designed to make good on the promise of citywide school choice," and it initially featured 50 reviews of schools in Queens. Hemphill, the author of the guide book series, "New York City's Best Public Schools," was director, and Jill Chaifetz, then director of Advocates for Children, and Judy Baum, a former director of information services at the Public Education Association, helped create the site, which was originally under the domain name PublicSchoolReports.org. On Sept. 2, 2002, the website was re-launched as Insideschools.org with "descriptive tidbits (as Zagat's restaurant guides do) focusing on a school's emotional and physical aspects," according to the "New York Times".
At the time of the re-launch, the staff had compiled profiles of one third of the 1,200 public schools then operating in the city. The reporting and writing was funded by an initial 18-month grant of $650,000 from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. 
In 2004, the "New York Times" published an article called "Finding a Neighborhood and a School." The reporter asked Clara Hemphill for a list of noteworthy schools from the website profiles, which they printed alongside real estate assessments of the surrounding neighborhood. The newspaper wrote that Insideschools.org has a "more impressionistic assessment of each school" than the data provided by the Department of Education. 
In December, 2006, Pamela Wheaton took over as director of the project. On June 7, 2007, staff writer Philissa Cramer launched the Insideschools.org blog to "help visitors sort out education news in New York, answer questions from parents, students, and educators, and generally supplement the information found on the rest of our site." In Sept. 2008, the website was redesigned and relaunched, in an effort to make updating the school profiles easier.

</doc>
<doc id="20650334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650334" title="Skjern, Denmark">
Skjern, Denmark

Skjern is a railway town located in western Jutland, Denmark with a population of 7,756 (1 January 2013). It was the main town in now abolished Skjern Municipality. From 2007 it is, with Ringkøbing, the co-administrative seat of Ringkøbing-Skjern Municipality.
Skjern is served by the Stauning Vestjylland Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20650355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650355" title="Wangyi District">
Wangyi District

Wangyi District (Chinese language: 王益区; Hanyu Pinyin: Wángyì Qū) is a district under the administration of Tongchuan city in Shaanxi province of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of and a population of approximately 210,000 people as of 2002.
Administrative divisions.
Wangyi District administers four streets, one town, and two rural townships. The streets are Hongqijie Street, Tiaoyuan Street, Qiyilu Street, and Qingnianlu Street. The town is Huangbao. The rural townships are Wangyi and Wangjiahe.

</doc>
<doc id="20650358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650358" title="Charles Mackie (Scottish footballer)">
Charles Mackie (Scottish footballer)

Charles "Charlie" Mackie (1882 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. He was born in Peterhead. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Aberdeen, West Ham United, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20650382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650382" title="Keith Getty">
Keith Getty

Julian Keith Getty (born 16 December 1974, in Lisburn, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish composer, best known for pioneering "modern hymns". Many of his songs are co-written with his wife, Kristyn Getty, and veteran British songwriter and worship leader Stuart Townend. The most widely used of the Getty-Townend hymns are "In Christ Alone", "The Power of the Cross", and "Speak, O Lord". Keith and Kristyn Getty are currently living in the United States where they write music and tour.
Modern Hymns.
"In Christ Alone".
Keith Getty collaborates frequently with Stuart Townend, a songwriter that he met through his involvement with Kingsway Music.
In 2001, Keith Getty and Stuart Townend wrote the song "In Christ Alone" with the purpose of creating a modern hymn that would explain the life of Christ. They released it on the Kingsway album "New Irish Hymns", featuring vocalists Máire Brennan, Margaret Becker, and Joanne Hogg. The song gained popularity, and by 2005 it was named by a BBC Songs of Praise survey as the 9th best loved hymn of all time in the UK. It hit number one on the United Kingdom CCLI charts by 2006 and, in January 2009, it was still number one in the UK, number two in Australia, number seven in Canada, and number 15 in the United States. The CCLI chart released for the February 2011 biannual copy activity report showed the song at number 11. "In Christ Alone" has been covered by many other Christian recording artists.
Other hymns.
Since "In Christ Alone", many other hymns of theirs have been recorded in diverse styles including choral anthems, symphonic settings, Celtic bands, and live worship events by many artists. They frequently share their rationale for composing modern hymns at churches, colleges, universities, seminaries, and Bible conferences, as well as through radio broadcasts and magazine articles.
Their hymns, along with those written in collaboration with Kristyn Getty, cover many biblical and liturgical themes, including the Incarnation ("Joy Has Dawned"), the Crucifixion ("The Power of the Cross") the Resurrection ("See, What a Morning"), the Holy Spirit ("Holy Spirit, Living Breath of God"), Communion ("Behold the Lamb"), Benediction ("May the Peace of God"), and Missions ("Hear the Call of the Kingdom").
Philosophy of Getty/Townend Modern Hymns.
Stuart Townend contends that current worship practices have often allowed the pendulum of expression to swing towards subjective experience and personal feeling about God. The Getty/Townend hymns attempt to redress that imbalance.
Getty/Townend hymns also develop a particular poetic and musical style that unites people of diverse traditions and generations, choosing influences of folk and classical music as well as of contemporary songwriting and standard hymnody. 
"There are two reasons we write modern hymns," explains Keith.  "First, it's to help teach the faith. What we sing affects how we think, how we feel and ultimately how we live, so it's so important that we sing the whole scope of truth the Bible has given us. The second reason is to try to create a more timeless musical style that every generation can sing, a style that relates to the past and the future."
"In the Church, the purpose of singing is to express the community we have as the Body of Christ," his wife, Kristyn, adds. "To try to search for the melodic ideas and song structure that might bring more people in—that's what we're trying to investigate.  Is there a way to bring everyone together musically?"
Musical background and work as orchestrator.
Keith Getty began making music at age eleven, learning to play the classical guitar; the next year he turned his attention to the flute. His advanced studies in music were at Durham University (1992–1995), with special conducting opportunities at the Canford Summer School of Music (1994) and the Tanglewood Music Center in Massachusetts (1995). He participated in a summer master class under Irish flutist Sir James Galway. Galway became intrigued with Getty's piano arrangements and "helped open the world of the music industry" for Keith. In 1994, he formed the New Irish Choir and Orchestra (now a part of New Irish Arts) and served as artistic director until 2004.
Keith Getty has developed great skill as an orchestrator, a practice that began when he was a teen. He once explained: "I started being involved in the praise times during youth group and evening services when I was mid-teens and really wanted to combine classical instruments with the band. We tried adding string quartet and then brass and wind for Christmas services. I always loved it and worked hard at it." Getty has now orchestrated or produced music for more than 200 projects—recordings, concerts, theater, television, and film. Diverse credits include orchestrations for Michael W. Smith's 2004 "Healing Rain" album, McDonalds television commercials, Silvascreen label movie soundtrack recordings ("Music from the Lord of the Rings Trilogy" and "Once upon a Time: The Essential Ennio Morricone"). He has orchestrated for Sir Cliff Richard and other gospel artists including Natalie Grant and Watermark. He wrote and produced the music for the 1998 C. S. Lewis International Centenary Celebrations. Getty has worked (with his wife, Kristyn Getty) with the African Children's Choir including two recording and touring projects ("Still Walking in the Light" and "Devotion").
Touring and concerts.
After several successful years of work in various aspects of the music entertainment industry, Keith has now focused on using his gifts for the church, writing hymns in a modern style. "I was challenged by a pastor in Belfast to perhaps try and bring some of what the old hymns of the faith had brought to the Church through the centuries to the contemporary Church," Keith remembers. "I didn't set out to create the modern hymn. I wanted to write songs that contemporary, traditional and liturgical churches could all use."
Getty has stated that when performing a concert, they will always finish with an old hymn.
Compositions.
See "List of songs by Keith Getty"
Discography.
Orchestrator
Composer/Producer/Performer

</doc>
<doc id="20650400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650400" title="George Millar (footballer)">
George Millar (footballer)

George Millar (1874 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Glasgow Perthshire, Chatham Town, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20650416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650416" title="SS Weser">
SS Weser

SS "Weser" can refer to any of three ships originally owned and operated by North German Lloyd:
It can also refer to a Bugsier Reederei und Bergungs ship

</doc>
<doc id="20650455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650455" title="Hemphillian">
Hemphillian

The Hemphillian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 10,300,000 to 4,900,000 years BP, a period of . It is usually considered to overlap the Tortonian epoch of the Late Miocene and Zanclean epoch of the Early Pliocene. The Hemphillian is preceded by the Clarendonian and followed by the Blancan NALMA stages.
The Hemphillian can be further divided into the substages of: 

</doc>
<doc id="20650466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650466" title="Jimmy McClelland">
Jimmy McClelland

James "Jimmy" McClelland (11 May 1903 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Rosslyn, Raith Rovers, Southend United, Middlesbrough, Bolton Wanderers, Preston North End, Blackpool, Bradford Park Avenue and Manchester United.
Blackpool.
Born in Dysart, Fife, McClelland made his debut for Harry Evans' Blackpool late in the 1930–31 season, in a 3–3 draw against his former club, Bolton Wanderers, at Bloomfield Road on 21 February 1931. He scored the Seasiders' second goal. He went on to make a further 12 league appearances that season, scoring three more goals (including two in a 5–1 victory at home to his future club, Manchester United, on 21 March).
In 1931–32, McClelland made 15 league appearances and scored six goals. The following campaign, 1932–33, he made 38 league appearances and scored 15 goals. He also scored twice in Blackpool's run to the fifth round of the FA Cup. McClelland left Blackpool for Bradford Park Avenue in the summer.
Manchester United.
McClelland joined Manchester United at the start of the 1936–37 campaign, making his debut in the 3-1 defeat at Huddersfield Town on 2 September. Unable to gain a regular place in the United first team, McClelland only made five appearances in his one season at the club, and only registered one goal (in a 2-1 win over Stoke City in March) in only his second match.
After his career with Manchester United ended, he was given a coaching role with the club, looking after the MUJAC (Manchester United Junior Athletic Club) players from the beginning of the 1938–39 season. He remained in a coaching role with Manchester United until the outbreak of the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20650481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650481" title="Numbers &amp; Mumbles">
Numbers &amp; Mumbles

Numbers & Mumbles (2004) is the second full-length release by Say Hi. It includes a cover of The Beatles' song "I'm So Tired". According to Elbogen, "Let's Talk About Spaceships" is the most popular song among fans and is a great crowd pleaser.

</doc>
<doc id="20650486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650486" title="Charles Wilton Wood Greenidge">
Charles Wilton Wood Greenidge

Vice President Anti Slavery Society 1968 (Secretary 1941-56, Director 1957-68 [http://www.bodley.ox.ac.uk/dept/scwmss/wmss/online/blcas/anti-slavery-society.html). Born on 10 January 1889, in the parish of St James, Barbados, youngest son of Charles Joseph Greenidge, member of the Colonial Parliament of Barbados, West Indies, by his second wife, Edith Marion Wood. He was a distant cousin of Abel Hendy Jones Greenidge. 
He was educated at Harrison College, Barbados, and then Downing College, Cambridge, where he read law. He was appointed Magistrate in St Kitts, Leeward Islands, in 1919 and magistrate in Barbados in 1923, rising to Court of Appeal Judge in 1925. He transferred to Port of Spain, Trinidad in 1927 where he was a magistrate and acted as its Solicitor General and then Attorney General as well as being a member of the Legislative Council. A further posting as Chief Justice of British Honduras followed in 1932-36. In 1936, he took up the post of Solicitor General of Nigeria where he remained for five years. He was a Member of Commission on Development of British Guyana and British Honduras in 1947 and appointed to the United Nations' Ad Hoc Committee of Experts on Slavery 1950-51. Between 1958 and 1962, he was a Member of the Legislative Council of Barbados. When he was not posted overseas he lived most of his life in Barbados, with a second home in Malta. He was unmarried and died 28 April 1972 in Nice, France.
The Greenidge family trace their ancestry in Barbados to John of Greenwich who left London on 2 May 1635 on the ship "Alexander". Within one generation the etymon, meaning Green Port or Trading Place (cf Norwich, Harwich Ipswich and Sandwich in England) of the surname had assumed the distinctly West Indian orthographic format of Greenidge, whilst maintaining a very similar phenomic identity.
Papers and publications include [http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/nra/searches/subjectView.asp?ID=P12045]:
1943: Forced Labour<br>
1945: Land Hunger in the Colonies<br>
1947: Impressions of Four West Indian Islands Visited in 1946<br>
1948: Forced Labour updated<br>
1949: The Present Outlook in the British West Indies<br>
1950: The British Caribbean Federation<br>
1952: Slavery in the Twentieth Century<br>
1953: Memorandum on Slavery<br>
1954: Slavery at the United Nations<br>
1955: Slavery and the United Nations<br>
1956: Memorandum on Forced Labour in Portuguese West Africa<br>
1958: Slavery (Published George Allen and Unwin)
References.
Project Muse Human Rights [http://muse.jhu.edu/journals/human_rights_quarterly/v031/31.1.welch.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20650498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650498" title="Albert Smith (footballer born 1905)">
Albert Smith (footballer born 1905)

Albert Charles Smith (1905 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Drumoyne. He played for Petershill, Northampton Town, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20650499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650499" title="Mwdwl-eithin">
Mwdwl-eithin

Mwdwl-eithin () is the highest point on the Denbigh Moors (Welsh: Mynydd Hiraethog) of North Wales. This gently rising mountain lies about east of Betws-y-Coed. On its summit is a trig point and a ruined building which still provides shelter against a storm. A few metres away is a large raised stone cairn. 
The whole area is underlain by Silurian mudstone which was extensively glaciated during the last British glaciation. The whole area is now very wet moorland dominated by heather ("Calluna" and "Erica" spp.) and rushes. Three of the surrounding valleys and depressions have been used for drinking water storage reservoirs, Llyn Alwen, Llyn Aled and Alwen Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="20650500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650500" title="Yintai District">
Yintai District

Yintai District () is a district under the administration of Tongchuan city in Shaanxi province of the People's Republic of China. Its area is 627 square kilometers, with a population of approximately 230,000 people as of 2002.
Administrative divisions.
Yintai District administers two neighbourhoods, seven towns and three rural townships. The neighbourhoods are Chengguan and Sanlidong. The towns are Yuhua, Jinsuoguan, Wangshiwa, Hongtu, Azhuang, Guangyang and Chenlu. The rural townships are Yintai, Xiaojiabao and Gaolouhe.

</doc>
<doc id="20650514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650514" title="Volume I (Queensberry album)">
Volume I (Queensberry album)

Volume I is the debut studio album by all-female German pop group Queensberry, released by Warner Music on 12 December 2008 (see 2008 in music) in German-speaking Europe, following the band's formation on the television talent show "Popstars". Including production by Alex Geringas, E. Haines, Pete Kirtley, Obi Mhondera, Billy Steinberg, and Peter-John Vettese among others, it features the promotional single "No Smoke" as well as the group's debut single "I Can't Stop Feeling".
Released a week prior to the announcement of the fourth member of quartet line-up on the show's finale, the album produced three versions, each featuring a different "Popstars" contestant, competing to become part of the Queensberry group, including Katharina "KayKay" Kobert, Patricia Ivanauskas or Antonella Trapani. At the same time, a promo video for "No Smoke" starring the final 6 girls was launched. However, after the band had been completely formed, a new cut of the song, minus Katharina and Patricia, became the official promo video.
On 26 June 2009, "Volume I" was re-released as a Deluxe Edition featuring seven additional tracks, including the new single "Too Young".
Track listing.
1Cover version of the Dutch song "Game Over" by Esther Sels and the same-titled 2008 song by Canadian singer Eva Avila
2Cover of Little Miss Jackson's same-titled recording
3Cover of Emily Haines's same-titled "Knives Don't Have Your Back" recording (2006). Also features an interpolation of the Simon and Garfunkel song "Mrs. Robinson". <br>
4Cover of Katharine McPhee's same-titled recording (2007)<br>
5Cover of Anna Abreu's 2007 single "End of Love"<br>
6Cover of Clea's album track<br>
7Cover of Michelle Laswon' s same-titled song<br>
8Cover of Margaret Berger's same titled "Pretty Scary Silver Fairy" recording (2006). <br>
9Cover of Shaznay Lewis's same titled "Open" recording (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="20650527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650527" title="Wetton, Staffordshire">
Wetton, Staffordshire

Wetton is a village in the Peak District National Park, North Staffordshire, at the top of the east side of the Manifold Valley. The population recorded in the 2001 Census was 157. This article describes the location, some of the main features of the village, and a number of places of historical or general interest in or near the village. These include Long Low, Wetton, a prehistoric burial site unique to England. 
Because the post town is Ashbourne, Derbyshire, many sources of tourist information wrongly describe Wetton as being in Derbyshire.
Location.
Wetton is a small village in the Staffordshire Peak District. It is located about 2 miles west of Alstonfield and 8½ miles east of Leek. It stands high above the Manifold Valley and contains mostly stone-built properties. The village has an inn, and a church, part of which dates back to the 14th century church. The church is unusual in that it has an external staircase to its belfry.
Wetton village.
Wetton village is primarily a collection of farmhouses, with the gaps filled in by cottages and a few larger houses. Towards the centre of the village are the village green, the "Ye Olde Royal Oak" public house, the Church, and the former vicarage. 
The village gives its name to Wetton Mill (or Wettonmill), which is nearby hamlet on the River Manifold, and Wetton Hill (), which are both in the care of the National Trust.
There are many burial chambers or mounds in the area, including those on Wetton Hill itself, at Wetton Low (1 km S of the village), and at Long Low, some 2 km SE of the village. There are also several campsites in the area offering superb access to the Manifold Valley.
St Margaret's Parish Church.
(1) on sketch plan.
The parish Church of St Margaret is the most obvious public building in the village. It is now in the Benefice of Alstonefield, in the Diocese of Lichfield. The present building was rebuilt in 1820, but the tower dates from the 14th century.
Reading Room.
(6) on sketch plan.
The Reading Room, located by the churchyard gate opposite the village green, has noot been in use for many decades. This may have been the "Club House" referred to by Rev. J B Dyson in his 1853 history of "Methodism in the Leek Circuit" as an early venue for Methodist meetings.
School.
(2) on sketch plan.
The village school had to close because of falling pupil numbers. The excellent building is now in use as the Village Hall. The old village hall, situated on the road to Wetton Mill, was a corrugated iron construction which was unusable by the 1960s. Children from Wetton, and from nearby Alstonefield (where the school in a village with a larger population has had the same change of use) now travel to Ilam.
Methodist Chapel and Manse.
(8) (9) on sketch plan.
The former Chapel and Manse are next to Town End Farm, which is the last farm on the north-east of the village.
Toe wrestling.
(4) on sketch plan.
The Olde Royal Oak public house is famous for the annual toe wrestling competition. It is said that this sport began there in 1976, but was not raised to a championship event until 1993.
History.
The various tumuli point to prehistoric Stone Age and Bronze Age settlements. Items found in Thor's Cave and now in the museum at Buxton, are said to show evidence of early cave dwellers.
Industry.
In modern times, the main industries are hill farming and tourism. However, the number of disused lead mines in the area point to a range of other industries. The most significant heavy industry was related to the construction of the Leek and Manifold Light Railway and mining at Ecton.
Methodism.
When the Wetton and Longnor Wesleyan Methodist Circuit was formed in 1870, Wetton was chosen for the Manse. In 1932, the Circuit incorporated various Primitive Methodist Chapels. The Circuit was disbanded in 1969. The first Wesleyan Methodist building was opened in 1828 The Primitive Methodists held meetings in Wetton, but did not establish a Chapel there. However, the Methodist Chapel at Ecton was Primitive Methodist, resulting from the industrial mission work from Ramsor and later the Leek Primitive Methodist Circuit. After the completion of the railway in 1904, a building at Ecton became the Methodist Chapel there.
Places of interest.
As a tourist destination, Wetton has a number of places of interest within the Parish.
Manifold Valley.
The main tourist destination is the Manifold Valley. Several places may be noted (starting upstream).
Ecton.
At the northern end of Wetton Parish, Ecton is most famous for the copper mine.
Swainsley.
A little downstream from Ecton, this is the site of the only tunnel on the former railway. This was built because one of the owners of the railway lived there and did not want to be disturbed by passing trains.
Wetton Mill.
Wetton Mill was a water mill for grinding corn, and the remains of a mill stream, along with a grindstone, may still be seen. The mill is long since disused, but the Tea Room is popular with tourists.
A cave, with several mouths and the centre open to the sky, is a prominent landmark. Immediately downstream from the mill are several "swallow holes" where the River Manifold begins to flow underground to Ilam.
There is ample parking by the mill, on the site of the old halt, and the cafe is a popular stopping point for walkers using the Manifold Way and the many other rural walks which can incorporate parts of it.
Thor's Cave.
Thor's Cave is a prominent landmark, both in the valley, and for some distance around. The cave is clearly visible from the moorland above Warslow.
The main cave is near the top of a cliff overlooking the river. But the base has a number of small caves only just above river level, which may be reached when the river bed is dry.
The Weags.
The bridge where the road from Wetton to Grindon crosses the river is known as "Weags Bridge". The valley sides are steep at this point, and the road has hairpin bends on both sides. As with much of the Manifold Valley, the road is unsuitable for coaches.
Beeston Tor.
Beeston Tor is a prominent rock face opposite the confluence of the River Hamps. This is popular with rock climbers.
Leek and Manifold Light Railway.
Wetton was served by a railway station which was opened by the narrow gauge (2' 6") Leek and Manifold Valley Light Railway on 27 June 1904, whilst being entirely operated by the North Staffordshire Railway. The main purposes of the railway were (1) to provide more rapid transport for milk and dairy products from farms around the valley to customers in Leek and The Potteries, and (2) easier transport for the copper being mined at Ecton.
The village of Wetton was a good mile from the station, and the fact that the line followed the valley bottom whereas the settlements served by the railway were mostly on the hill-tops above was a contributary factor in its demise. The line closed in 1934, but in 1937 the route was reopened as the Manifold Way, a fully tarmacked 8-mile walk- and cycle-path which runs from Hulme End in the north to Waterhouses in the south.
Hills and other features.
Wetton Hill.
With a peak at 1221 feet above sea level, Wetton Hill is a prominent landmark. Views from the summit include Rugeley power station, some 25 miles south.
Wetton Low.
Wetton Low is another peak, almost due south of the village. The name "Low" comes from its use as a burial ground, with several tumuli. There are also a number of disused lead mines in this area, some in the form of adits.
At one time a wooded area of the valley side near the Low was designated as a "Nature Reserve".
Long Low.
Long Low is a Neolithic and Bronze Age burial site of a rare form, unique to Britain. It is about a mile south east of the village, with Wetton Low about mid-way from Long Low to the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20650528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650528" title="Dick Black (footballer)">
Dick Black (footballer)

Arthur Richard "Dick" Black (18 February 1907 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Airdrie. He played for Stenhousemuir, Blantyre Victoria, Greenock Morton, St. Mirren, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20650530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650530" title="1933–34 New York Rangers season">
1933–34 New York Rangers season

The 1933–34 New York Rangers season was the eighth season for the team in the National Hockey League. In the regular season, the Rangers finished third in the American Division with a 21-19-8 record. New York qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs, where they lost to the Montreal Maroons 2–1 in a two game, total goals series.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20650531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650531" title="Ferocious Mopes">
Ferocious Mopes

Ferocious Mopes (2005) is the third full-length album by Say Hi.

</doc>
<doc id="20650536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650536" title="Index of Suriname-related articles">
Index of Suriname-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of Suriname.
L.
Laws

</doc>
<doc id="20650540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650540" title="Pariksha guru">
Pariksha guru

Pariksha guru is the first proper novel in Hindi. It was written by Srinivas Das of Delhi and published in 1882. The novel is considered a landmark in Hindi fiction. It was reprinted in 1974 with an introduction by Ramdaras Misra. This novel did not achieve great success because Bengali novels of those times were love sagas wrapped in fantasies.
Summary.
The novel tells a story of the extravagance of Hindu bankers and traders. Its theme is not to adopt Western culture. It cautioned young men of well to do families about the ill effects of bad company. It then shows how to live a practical life that preserves traditional values in honour and dignity. The characters in the novel are depicted using modern agricultural elements, and changing their way of speaking. Children are advised to read the newspaper. The author emphases that modernity should be embraced without giving up middle class values.

</doc>
<doc id="20650573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650573" title="Tögs-Ochiryn Namnansüren">
Tögs-Ochiryn Namnansüren

Tögs-Ochiryn Namnansüren (; ; ;1878-April 1919), full title "Sain Noyon Khan Namnansüren" (, Good noyon khan Namnansüren), was a powerful hereditary prince and prominent early 20th century Mongolian independence leader. He served as the first prime minister of Autonomous Mongolia in the government of the Bogd Khan from 1912 until 1915 when the office of prime minister was abolished. He was then appointed minister of the army.
Namnansüren, who allegedly could trace his heritage directly back to Genghis Khan, was born in 1878 in present day Uyanga district of Övörkhangai Province. In 1896 he became prince, or "khan," of Sain Noyon Khan Province, one of the four Khalkh Mongol provinces established by the Manchurian during the Qing Dynasty. He married in 1900.
In 1911, Namnansüren persuaded Mongolia's religious leader Bogd Khan to call a congress of Mongolian princes and high-ranking lamas in Khüree to initiate independence from China. The Bogd Khan then dispatched him to Saint Petersburg in July 1911 as part of a delegation to seek Russian and West European support for Mongolian independence.
The Bogd Khan appointed Namnansüren prime minister of Autonomous Mongolia in July 1912, replacing Da Lam Tserenchimed who, as minister of internal affairs, had acted as "de facto" head of government since the elevation of the Bogd Khan as national leader in December 1911. Other members of the Bogd Khan's government included the Da Lam Tserenchimed (minister for internal affairs), Chin-Van Handdorj (minister for foreign affairs), Dalai-Van Gombosuren (defense minister), Dambyn Chagdarjav (finance minister), and Erdene Van Namsrai (minister of justice).
From November 1913 to January 1914 Namnansüren lead another delegation to St. Petersburg, this time to represent Mongolian interests during negotiations between Russia and China surrounding the tripartite Kyakhta treaty that would define the border between Russian Siberia and the Qing territories of Mongolia and Manchuria. Mongolian hopes for international recognition of its independence and support for a union between Inner and Outer Mongolia were ultimately dashed when the agreement re-confirmed the country’s status as an autonomous region within China. While in Russia, Namnansüren attempted to contact ambassadors from several western countries (United States, Great Britain, France, and Germany) and to organize a trip to Western Europe to gain international support for Mongolia’s independence but was prevented from doing so by Russian officials.
Having failed to obtain any of his objectives, Namnansüren found his political influence to have diminished upon his return to Mongolia in 1914. In 1915 the Bogd Khan abolished the office of prime minister and Namnansüren was appointed minister of war. In June 1918, faced with increased threats from the Chinese who were demanding Mongolia renounce its Pan-Mongolia ambitions and sign a decree “voluntarily” relinquishing autonomy, Namnansüren again traveled to Russia, this time to Irkutsk, to seek Russian assistance. There he met with two Bolshevik representatives in what is believed to be the first meeting between Soviet and Outer Mongolian officials. The Bolsheviks, preoccupied with the revolution and the ongoing civil war in Russia, failed to offer much in the way of assistance.
Not long after his return home, Namnansüren fell seriously ill and died sometime in April 1919. Many suspected he was assassinated (poisoned) along with many others involved in the revival of Mongolia’s independence who died premature deaths. Shortly thereafter the Chinese warlord Xu Shuzheng occupied Niislel Khüree and installed the more pliable Gonchigjalzangiin Badamdorj as prime minister.
In 1914 the Mongolian Namnansüren is known to have brought some films from Russia to show at the residence of the Bogd Khan. These are the first known film showings in Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="20650629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650629" title="Irm Hermann">
Irm Hermann

Irm Hermann (born Irmgard Hermann on 4 October 1942) is a German actress.
Biography.
Hermann became a publishing clerk after finishing school and worked as a secretary for ADAC when she met Rainer Werner Fassbinder in 1966, who convinced her to quit her job to work with him, despite her lack of formal training as an actor. In the same year, Hermann already starred in her debut role in Fassbinder's short film "The City Tramp" "(Der Stadtstreicher)", and from then on went to play major characters in 19 of Fassbinder's movies including "The Merchant of Four Seasons" ("Händler der vier Jahreszeiten", 1971) and "The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant" ("Die bitteren Tränen der Petra von Kant", 1972). Beyond their professional relationship, Irm Hermann soon became one of Fassbinder closest confidantes.
From the mid-1970s, she worked more often for other directors. Since Fassbinder's early death, she has acted in numerous German film and television productions. Hermann starred in the horror drama "Die Blutgräfin" (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="20650631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650631" title="Device Keys">
Device Keys

Device Keys play a role in the cryptographic key management procedure in the Advanced Access Content System (AACS) specification. This specification defines a method for protecting audiovisual entertainment content, including high-definition content.
Introduction.
The AACS’s cryptographic key management procedure uses Device Keys to decrypt one or more elements of a Media Key Block (MKB), in order to extract a secret Media Key (Km).
A MKB is located on the physical support (the disc) together with the content of the disc encrypted.
MKB enables system renewability. The MKB is generated by AACS LA, and allows all compliant devices, each using their set of secret Device Keys, to calculate the same Media Key (Km).
If a set of Device Keys is compromised in a way that threatens the integrity of the system, an updated MKB can be released that causes a device with the compromised set of Device Keys to be unable to calculate the correct Km. In this way, the compromised Device Keys are “revoked” by the new MKB.
How it works.
Each compliant device is given a set of secret Device Keys when manufactured. The actual number of keys may
be different in different media types. These Device Keys, referred to as Kdi (i=0,1,…,n-1), are provided by "AACS LA". The set of Device Keys may either be unique per device, or used commonly by multiple devices.
A device shall treat its Device Keys as highly confidential.
The MKB is encrypted in a subset difference tree approach. In order to decrypt it, a device must know the right Processing Key (P) which is available via the subset-difference tree process.Essentially, the set of Device Keys are arranged in a tree such that any given Device Key can be used to find lower level Processing keys. The processing keys at higher position in the tree than the given set of Device Keys are not reachable.A given set of Device Keys give access to a given set of Processing keys, it is to say to a given set of decodable MKB.
This way, to revoke a given device key, the MKB needs only be encrypted with a Processing Key which is not reachable by its Device Keys set.
Storing.
Each device is given its Device Keys and a 31-bit number d called the "device number".
For each Device Key, there is an associated number denoted the "path" number, the “"u"” bit mask, and the “"v"” bit mask. The "path" number denotes the position in the tree associated with the Device Key. This path number defines a path from the root to that node in the tree.The “"u"” and “"v"” masks are used in the subset difference tree process. They are always a single sequence of 1-bits followed by a single sequence of 0-bits. The bit masks indicate “"don’t care"” bits in the path number; if a bit is 0 in the mask, the corresponding bit in the path number is “"don’t care"”. The deeper the position of a node in the tree, the shorter the sequence of 0-bits in the mask associated to that node.
The "device" number, "path" number, and masks denote nodes within a binary tree.

</doc>
<doc id="20650662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650662" title="Penn Hills High School">
Penn Hills High School

Penn Hills High School is a secondary school located in Penn Hills, Pennsylvania (a suburb of Pittsburgh) in the Penn Hills School District, USA.
The Pennsylvania Department of Education reports enrollment was 1277 students in 2009.
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the high school is in Corrective Action II 3rd Year due to the poor academic achievement of students as demonstrated by Reading, Writing, Mathematics and Science PSSA results and the graduation rate. It has been identified as a turnaround school in the Race to the Top federal education grant program.
Graduation Rate:<br>
2009 – 88%<br>
2008 – 93%<br>
2007 – 93%
PSSA Results<br>
11th Grade Reading<br>
2009 – 55% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 65% of 11th graders on grade level.<br>
2008 – 59%, State – 65%<br>
2007 – 58%, State – 65.4%
11th Grade Math:<br>
2009 – 41% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 56% of 11th graders are on grade level.<br>
2008 – 43%, State – 56%<br>
2007 – 38%, State – 53%
11th Grade Science:<br>
2009 – 24% on grade level. State: 40% of 11th graders were on grade level.<br>
2008 – 27%, State – 39%<br>
2007 – Tested, state did not make results public
Penn Hills School District was ranked 464th out of the 498 ranked Pennsylvania School Districts in 2008 by the "Pittsburgh Business Times". The ranking was based on student academic performance as demonstrated in three years of PSSA results.
College remediation rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 44% of Penn Hills School district graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009–10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $22,798 for the program.
Graduation project.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district.
Extracurriculars.
The students have access to clubs, activities and sports. 
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20650676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650676" title="ASC-15">
ASC-15

The ASC-15 was a digital computer developed by International Business Machines (IBM) for use on the Titan II intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). It was subsequently modified and used on the Titan III and Saturn I Block II launch vehicles. Its principal function on these rockets was to make navigation calculations using data from inertial sensor systems. It also performed readiness checks before launch. It was a digital serial processor using fixed-point data with 27-bit words. The storage was a drum memory. Electronic circuits were welded encapsulated modules, consisting of discrete resistors, transistors, capacitors, and other components welded together and encapsulated in a foam material. It was manufactured in the IBM plant at Owego, NY.
ASC-15 for Titan II.
The first inertial guidance system for the Titan II was built by AC Spark Plug, and included an inertial measurement unit based in designs from Draper Labs at MIT and the ASC-15 computer designed and built by IBM in Owego, NY. The first Titan II missile carrying this system was launched 16 March 1962. Acquiring spares for this system became difficult, and the Air Force decided to replace it with a new system. The AC Spark Plug system, including the ASC-15, was replaced by the Delco Electronics Universal Space Guidance System (USGS) on operational Titan II missiles starting in January 1978. The guidance computer in the USGS was the Magic 352, made by Delco. 
The ASC-15 was built on an aluminum frame about 1.5x1.5x1 feet. The sides, top and bottom were covered by pieces of laminated plastic, covered with gold-plated aluminum foil. These covers were slightly convex and ribbed for stiffness. Inside the covers were fifty-two logic sticks, each containing four welded encapsulated modules. These surrounded a bell frame housing a drum memory. See Figure 2.
The drum was a thin-walled stainless steel cylinder 3 inches long and 4.5 inches in diameter covered with a magnetic nickel-cobalt alloy. It was driven by a synchronous motor at 6,000 rpm. The drum had 70 tracks, of which 58 were used and 12 were spare. These tracks were used as follows:
The capacity of a track was 1,728 bits. Instruction words were 9-bits long, and data was stored in 27-bit words.
Coincident with 58 tracks were 67 read heads and 13 write heads. While the drum was spinning at 6,000 rpm, the heads floated above the surface of the drum on a thin layer of air. When the drum was spinning up or slowing down, the heads were raised off the drum by camshafts rotated by a chain that was driven by a motor on top of the drum housing, to avoid scoring the magnetic surface. See Figure 3.
ASC-15 for Titan III.
The Titan III was a space launch vehicle based on the Titan II ICBM. The ASC-15 was kept as the vehicle guidance computer, but the drum was lengthened slightly to provide 78 usable tracks, an increase of 20 over the drum used in the Titan II. The memory held 9,792 instructions (51 tracks) and 1,152 constants (18 tracks). The speed was the same as for the Titan II: 100 revolutions/second × 64 words/revolution × 27 bits/word = 172.8 kilobits/second. The time for an addition operation was 156 µs; for a multiplication, 1,875 µs; and for a division, 7,968 µs.
ASC-15 for Saturn I.
No guidance computer was used for Saturn I Block I (missions SA-1, 2, 3 and 4). The guidance system for SA-2 is shown in Figure 4. The pitch program was provided by a cam device located in the Servo Loop Amplifier Box. The sequence of events was controlled by a program device that was also used on Jupiter missiles. This was a 6-track tape recorder that sent pulses to a set of relays (the flight sequencer) to activate and deactivate various circuits in a precisely timed sequence.
The ASC-15 was first flown on SA-5, the first Saturn I Block II vehicle and the first to achieve orbit. It was a passenger on this mission, not guiding the vehicle but generating test data for later evaluation. The active guidance system on SA-5 was similar to that of earlier flights. The passenger system was the ASC-15 and the ST-124 inertial platform. Guidance was open loop; that is guidance commands were functions only of time. SA-5 also saw the introduction of the Instrument Unit. 
On SA-6, while open loop ST-90S guidance was used for the first stage (S-I), after separation the ST-124 and ASC-15 used path adaptive guidance (closed loop) to control the second stage (S-IV). The SA-6 guidance system is shown in Figure 5. The effectiveness of the path adaptive guidance was demonstrated inadvertently when premature shutdown of S-IV engine number eight had virtually no effect on the vehicle trajectory. 
The arrangement of the ST-90S and ST-124 systems (including the ASC-15 guidance computer) on SA-6 is shown in Figure 6. This is version 1 of the Instrument Unit, which flew on SA-5, 6, and 7.
On SA-7 the ST-124 system guided the firing of both stages. The guidance and control system for SA-7 is shown in Figure 7. The digital computer is the ASC-15. It replaced both the cam device that contained the S-I tilt program for earlier missions. and the program device that controlled the sequence of events on those missions.
The next mission flown after SA-7 was SA-9. It carried a new version of the Instrument Unit, one that was unpressurized and shorter than version 1. Version 2 flew on the remaining Saturn I missions (SA-8, 9, and 10), and is shown under construction at MSFC in Figure 8. Figure 9 is a blowup of this image, showing the dummy ASC-15 and dummy ST-124.

</doc>
<doc id="20650687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650687" title="Revealing">
Revealing

Revealing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20650704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650704" title="Impeccable Blahs">
Impeccable Blahs

Impeccable Blahs is the fourth full-length album by Seattle-based indie rock band Say Hi. It was written almost entirely about vampires, though Star Trek is also mentioned. The song "Angels and Darlas" is a reference to Angel and Darla from the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and its spinoff "Angel" both created by Joss Whedon.
It was the last album to be recorded under the "Say Hi to Your Mom" moniker before the band shortened it to "Say Hi" on The Wishes and the Glitch.

</doc>
<doc id="20650716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650716" title="Clarendonian">
Clarendonian

The Clarendonian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 13,600,000 to 10,300,000 years BP, a period of . It is usually considered to overlap the Serravallian of the Middle Miocene epoch and Tortonian epoch of the Late Miocene. The Clarendonian is preceded by the Barstovian and followed by the Hemphillian NALMA stages.
The Clarendonian can be further divided into the substages of: 

</doc>
<doc id="20650749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650749" title="Rimmer Brown">
Rimmer Brown

William "Rimmer" Brown was a footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Newton Heath, Stalybridge Rovers, Chester City, and Stockport County.

</doc>
<doc id="20650760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650760" title="Circuit no Ōkami">
Circuit no Ōkami

The Circuit Wolf is a shōnen adventure and racing manga published in Japan as . It was serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" from January 1975 to June 1979.
The sequel to "Circuit no Ōkami", , was also published by Shueisha.
"Circuit no Ōkami II: Modena no Tsurugi" also animated as an OVA, released December 21, 1990.
The live action film of "Circuit no Ōkami", directed by Kazuhiko Yamaguchi, was released in Japan on August 6, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20650776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650776" title="Brad Johnstone">
Brad Johnstone

Bradley Ronald Johnstone (born 30 July 1950), known as Brad Johnstone, is a former New Zealand rugby union footballer and a current coach. He used to play as a prop.
He first played for Auckland, in 1971, and went onto to play 122 matches for them including captaining them between 1977 to 1981.
Johnstone had 13 caps for New Zealand, from 1976 to 1979, scoring 2 tries, 8 points in aggregate. During the 1978 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland, he completed a "Grand Slam" with the four Home Nations.
He was the head coach of Fiji at the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals. He was assigned subsequently to Italy, where he stayed from 2000 to 2002. The team won his very first match in the new Six Nations, inaugurated in 2000 with the admission of Italy into the previous Five Nations, against Scotland; however, Italy failed to score a victory in the following 14 matches. Problems with the Italian Rugby Federation led to Johnstone's dismissal in 2002.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20650792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650792" title="James Brown (1890s footballer)">
James Brown (1890s footballer)

James Brown was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a defender. He played for Manchester United, Dundee Our Boys, and Dundee.

</doc>
<doc id="20650793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650793" title="Mike Kealy">
Mike Kealy

Mike Kealy was the 27-year old Captain at the Battle of Mirbat in 1972. After the battle he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order.
Death.
He died of hypothermia in February 1979 on a training exercise in the Brecon Beacons in deteriorating weather conditions. He was found alive (but in poor condition) by a two-man search party—one of whom stayed with him and attempted to keep him warm. It was later acknowledged by the Coroner that one of the major contributory factors in his death was the delay in retrieving him from the hillside—a delay of some 19 hours due to inclement weather. Another factor was that Kealy had not packed cold weather gear, instead carrying bricks in his Bergen pack to up its weight to 50 pounds. When offered warm clothing by the search party, he refused - and even threw a warm blanket away. A combination of Kealy's bloody-minded stubbornness and the effects of hypothermia clouding his judgement seems to have been the tipping point.
As a direct result of this and similar incidents SAS personnel are now only allowed to carry useful items on training exercises.
Conspiracy.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes alleged in his book "The Feather Men" that Mike Kealy was murdered by a group of contract killers called "The Clinic" in revenge for his role in the killing of Sheik's son. Fiennes suggests that Major Kealy's death was a result of a diabetic shock induced by the killers injecting him with insulin before the exercise. However, the circumstances of Mike Kealy's death suggest that this is somewhat fanciful. Kealy was seen by other service personnel undergoing the same SAS endurance exercise only a few hours beforehand.

</doc>
<doc id="20650805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650805" title="Vertigo bollesiana">
Vertigo bollesiana

Vertigo bollesiana, common name the delicate vertigo snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20650814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650814" title="Vertigo gouldii">
Vertigo gouldii

Vertigo gouldii, common name the variable vertigo, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20650818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650818" title="Old Chatham, New York">
Old Chatham, New York

Old Chatham is a hamlet in the northeast quadrant of the town of Chatham, located in Columbia County, New York. It is one of the earliest settlements in the township and was originally named Chatham.
The center of Old Chatham is marked by a few businesses around the intersection of the Albany Turnpike and County Rt. 13. These businesses include the United States Post Office for area code 12136, the Old Chatham Country Store (which includes a cafe/restaurant), and Jackson's Old Chatham House (another restaurant). The Old Chatham Sheepherding Company is also located in Old Chatham. The Wilbor House, also known as The Thompson Farm, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20650837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650837" title="The Wishes and the Glitch">
The Wishes and the Glitch

The Wishes and the Glitch (2008) is the fifth full-length album by Say Hi. It was released on CD and on Vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="20650838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650838" title="Superglass">
Superglass

A superglass is a phase of matter which is characterized (at the same time) by superfluidity and a frozen amorphous structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20650859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650859" title="Pete McTighe">
Pete McTighe

Pete McTighe is a British writer who has written for many television productions in the UK and Australia including "EastEnders", "Crownies", "Tricky Business", "Winners & Losers" and "The Doctor Blake Mysteries". McTighe joined the writing team of the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" in 2006. In 2013, McTighe became head writer for "Wentworth", a re-imagining of "Prisoner Cell Block H", which began airing from May that year.
Career.
McTighe was born in the United Kingdom. McTighe attended a course on writing for soap operas at the Australian Film Television and Radio School, which was run by the supervising script editor for "Neighbours". McTighe was invited to join the writing team at "Neighbours" in 2006. He was later promoted to supervising script editor. The following year, McTighe revealed that "Neighbours" would be going back to concentrating more on family drama. McTighe wrote the show's 6000th episode, which aired as part of the 25th anniversary on 27 August 2010. In 2012, he was nominated for an Australian Writers Guild Award in the category of Best Television Serial for Episode 6231, which featured Jim Dolan's death.
McTighe wrote scripts for the ABC drama series "Crownies" and later "Tricky Business" and the Seven Network drama "Winners & Losers". In 2011, McTighe started writing for the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders". The following year it was announced McTighe would be writing scripts for a reimagining of "Prisoner Cell Block H" called "Wentworth". McTighe was the head writer for the first series, writing six of the ten episodes. His pilot script for "Wentworth" was unveiled to the media in February 2013 to a positive reception. Ben Pobjie from "The Age" called the production "a no-holds-barred triumph". His pilot episode became the most watched non-sport program in subscription television history. Also in 2013, McTighe wrote episodes for the second series of "The Doctor Blake Mysteries".

</doc>
<doc id="20650916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650916" title="Wrestling at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg

The Men's Freestyle bantamweight at the 1968 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Insurgentes Ice Rink. The bantamweight was the second-lightest weight class, allowing wrestlers up to 57 kilograms.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.

</doc>
<doc id="20650918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650918" title="Cathedral of Saint Lawrence (Lugano)">
Cathedral of Saint Lawrence (Lugano)

The Cathedral of Saint Lawrence () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Lugano, Ticino, Switzerland. It was founded in the High Middle Ages but rebuilt in the late 15th century, with the façade completed in 1517. It is the seat of the Diocese of Lugano, and dedicated to Saint Lawrence of Rome.
History.
The church is known on this site from 818. In 1078 it was made a collegiata, becoming a cathedral in 1888. The original Romanesque building was oriented the opposite way to the present church, as is shown by remains of the apse discovered under the current parvise. In the 15th century the church was expanded and the entrance moved to the present position, while the open roof was covered by a groin vaulted ceiling.
There were extensive renovations in 1905-1910, when some Baroque chapels were demolished and the interior received frescoes by Ernesto Rusca.
Architectural details.
The church's main feature is its facade, which was inspired by Giovanni Antonio Amadeo's Certosa di Pavia. It is made of white stone from Saltrio and Viggiù and of Carrara marble, and is divided in three sectors by four false columns supporting the entablature. In the middle sector is the main portal and a large rose window with decoration of cherubs executed after 1578. The decorations of the portals' frames are of high quality, with figures of puttoes, birds and lion-protomes. The central portal, called the "Saints Portal", has five medallions with reliefs, depicting four saints and, in the middle, the Virgin with Child. Between the portal's frame and the entablature are two angels carrying torches, resembling the decoration of the Roman triumphal arches.
Between the portals, inside square frames, are busts of the Four Evangelists and of the Kings Solomon and David. The entablature frieze has 17 figures, including biblical characters and the Sibyls. Also present are animal figures, while a restoration in 2002 showed traces of a fresco. The main portal of the Romanesque church is now moved to the sacristy.
The bell tower dates, in its lower part, to the Romanesque church. The two upper storey are in the Baroque style with an octagonal lantern covered by a cupola, designed by Costante Tencalla.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20650929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650929" title="Index of Brazil-related articles">
Index of Brazil-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the Federative Republic of Brazil ().

</doc>
<doc id="20650933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650933" title="Itinerant teacher">
Itinerant teacher

Itinerant teachers (also called "visiting" or "peripatetic" teachers) are traveling schoolteachers. They are sometimes specialized to work in the field of special education, providing individual tutoring to students with visual or hearing impairments. Historically, the term has also been used to describe traveling teachers in regions without formal schools, as well as the sophists of Ancient Greece, the disciples of Jesus of Nazareth, and even Jesus of Nazareth himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20650959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650959" title="Franz Woepcke">
Franz Woepcke

Franz Woepcke (May 6, 1826, Dessau – March 25, 1864) was a German Orientalist and mathematician. Woepcke is remembered for edition of numerous Arabic mathematical manuscripts. 
He studied mathematics at the University of Berlin, gaining his doctorate in 1847. Under the tutelage of archaeologist Ernst Heinrich Tölken (1786–1869) he penned his dissertation involving sundials of antiquity ("Archaeologico-mathematicae circa solaria veterum"). Afterwards he studied Arabic at the University of Bonn, where in 1850 he received his habilitation.
Woepcke spent much of his subsequent career studying and working outside of Germany, particularly in Paris. In 1856 he returned to Berlin and taught classes at the "Französischen Gymnasium" until 1858. He died in Paris on March 25, 1864 at the age of 37.
Among his better known works were an edition of Persian polymath Omar Khayyám ("L'algèbre d'Omar Alkhayyami, publiée, traduite et accompagnée d'extraits des manuscrits inédits", 1851) and an edition of Fakhri Muhammad Alkarajî ("Extrait du Fakhrî, traité d'algèbre par Mohammed Alkarkbi, précédé d'un mémoire sur l'algèbre indéterminée chez les Arabes", 1853). He was also author of several essays involving Italian mathematician Leonardo Pisano's relations with the Arabs (1856–61). 

</doc>
<doc id="20650972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650972" title="Barstovian">
Barstovian

The Barstovian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 16,300,000 to 13,600,000 years BP, a period of . It is usually considered to overlap the Langhian and Serravallian epochs of the Middle Miocene. The Barstovian is preceded by the Hemingfordian and followed by the Clarendonian NALMA stages.
The Barstovian can be further divided into the substages of: 

</doc>
<doc id="20650978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650978" title="Cory Wade (music producer)">
Cory Wade (music producer)

Cory Wade is a former American record producer and songwriter, known for producing some of the biggest hits in disco in the 1970s. A producer for TK Records, Wade co-produced the 1977 single "Do Ya Wanna Get Funky With Me" by Peter Brown, which became the first 12-inch single to sell a million copies. Wade also produced hit recordings for KC and the Sunshine Band, T-Connection, Foxy and made a comeback in the 1990s with a remake of Peter Brown's "Crank It Up" by Lawrence Leritz, released on Spectrum Records. Residing in Horn Lake, Mississippi, Cory Wade is currently working on a 3D feature films

</doc>
<doc id="20650990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20650990" title="António Ribeiro dos Reis">
António Ribeiro dos Reis

António Ribeiro dos Reis (19 July 1896 – 1961) was a Portuguese footballer and journalist.
Career.
Playing career.
Reis played for Benfica between 1914 and 1925. He also represented the Portuguese national side in 1921, and managed his nation between 1921 and 1923, and 1925 and 1926. The Taça Ribeiro dos Reis, held between 1961 and 1971, was named after him.
Journalism.
Reis co-founded the sports newspaper "A Bola" in 1945, alsongside Cândido de Oliveira.

</doc>
<doc id="20651007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651007" title="Wishes (disambiguation)">
Wishes (disambiguation)

Wishes may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20651035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651035" title="Wisher">
Wisher

Wisher is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20651062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651062" title="Vertigo ventricosa">
Vertigo ventricosa

Vertigo ventricosa, common name the five-tooth vertigo, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20651085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651085" title="Yukagir">
Yukagir

Yukagir () is a rural locality (a "selo"), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Yukagirsky National (Nomadic) Rural Okrug of Ust-Yansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located from Deputatsky, the administrative center of the district. Its population as of the 2010 Census was 154, of whom 84 were male and 70 female, down from 106 recorded during the 2002 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="20651089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651089" title="Community psychiatric nurse">
Community psychiatric nurse

In the United Kingdom a community psychiatric nurse is a psychiatric nurse based in the community rather than a psychiatric hospital. They form an integral part of community mental health teams. They are often patients' key workers within the NHS mental health system and are often the first port of call for further referrals to psychiatrists, psychotherapists and other mental health professionals. Community psychiatric nurses mainly visit people in their own homes but they also see people in other settings such as GP surgeries or the community mental health team base.
Community psychiatric nurses are fully trained psychiatric nurses who have several years' experience working in a psychiatric hospital or ward. They also work with the police.

</doc>
<doc id="20651091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651091" title="Haglund's deformity">
Haglund's deformity

Haglund’s deformity (aka the Mulhulland Deformity) is a bony enlargement on the back of the heel that most often leads to painful bursitis, which is an inflammation of the bursa (a fluid-filled sac between the tendon and bone). In Haglund’s deformity, the soft tissue near the Achilles tendon becomes irritated when the bony enlargement rubs against shoes.
Haglund’s deformity is often called “pump bump” because the rigid backs of pump-style shoes can create pressure that aggravates the enlargement when walking. In fact, the deformity is most common in young women who wear pumps.
Symptoms.
Haglund’s deformity can occur in one or both feet. The signs and symptoms include:
Causes.
To some extent, heredity plays a role in Haglund’s deformity. People can inherit a type of foot structure that makes them prone to developing this condition.
For example, high arches can contribute to Haglund’s deformity. The Achilles tendon attaches to the back of the heel bone, and in a person with high arches, the heel bone is tilted backward into the Achilles tendon. This causes the uppermost portion of the back of the heel bone to rub against the tendon. Eventually, due to this constant irritation, a bony protrusion develops and the bursa becomes inflamed. It is the inflamed bursa that produces the redness and swelling associated with Haglund’s deformity.
A tight Achilles tendon can also play a role in Haglund’s deformity, causing pain by compressing the tender and inflamed bursa. In contrast, a tendon that is more flexible results in less pressure against the painful bursa.
Another possible contributor to Haglund’s deformity is a tendency to walk on the outside of the heel. This tendency, which produces wear on the outer edge of the sole of the shoe, causes the heel to rotate inward, resulting in a grinding of the heel bone against the tendon. The tendon protects itself by forming a bursa, which eventually becomes inflamed and tender.
Diagnosis.
After evaluating the patient’s symptoms, the foot and ankle surgeon will examine the foot. In addition, x-rays will be requested to help the surgeon evaluate the structure of the heel bone.
Treatment.
Non-surgical treatment of Haglund’s deformity is aimed at reducing the inflammation of the bursa. While these approaches can resolve the bursitis, they will not shrink the bony protrusion. Non-surgical treatment can include one or more of the following:
If non-surgical treatment fails to provide adequate pain relief, surgery may be needed. 
surgical treatment: Debridement of affected tendon and excision of retrocalcaneal bursa and haglund deformity. A central approach facilitates such debridement but necessitates detachment of 50% of the tendo achilies from calcaneus which is usually sutered back using bone anchors. In severe cases after debridement of substantial portion of the tendo achilies, augmentation may be done with the transfer of the flexor hallusis longus muscle.
Prevention.
A recurrence of Haglund’s deformity may be prevented by:

</doc>
<doc id="20651092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651092" title="Linwood Boulevard (Kansas City, Missouri)">
Linwood Boulevard (Kansas City, Missouri)

Linwood Boulevard, Linwood, or 32nd Street is a major west/east main street that runs in Kansas City, Missouri from Broadway Boulevard to Van Brunt Boulevard.
Linwood is one of the few named east-west streets in the Kansas City grid south of the Missouri River. It is one of the original boulevards designated by George Kessler's City Beautiful design in the late 19th century for Kansas City. It derives its name from the Linden trees.
Overview.
Two large historic districts on either side of the bouldevard are on National Register of Historic Places -- the Old Hyde Park Historic District between Central and Baltimore on the south side and the Santa Fe Place Historic District (on a section of the Santa Fe Trail) on the north between Indiana and Prospect. Other National Register Places include the Ivanhoe Masonic Temple at 2301 East Linwood and the Kansas City Athenaeum at 900 East Linwood.
The boulevard lost much of its leafy charm in the 1930s when City U.S. Route 40 was routed down it.
In 1955, Ray Lamar opened his donut shop in a converted gas station at 240 East Linwood. The LaMar's Donuts store remained a simple low-tech landmark on the boulevard even as branches expanded through the Midwest and it drew national attention from Jay Leno and Calvin Trilling.

</doc>
<doc id="20651098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651098" title="Oohs &amp; Aahs">
Oohs &amp; Aahs

Oohs & Aahs (2009) is the sixth full-length album by Say Hi and was released on March 3, 2009. "Oohs & Aahs" was written and recorded entirely by Eric Elbogen in his home studio over the course of 2008.
It was Say Hi's first release on Barsuk Records, with whom they signed on December 2, 2008.
On January 16, 2009, Say Hi released "November Was White, December Was Grey" as an exclusive download on Spin.com and updated the layout on their website.
"Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh", "November Was White, December Was Grey" and "The Stars Just Blink for Us" were used in the television show "Gossip Girl". "Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh" was also used in a scene with Analeigh Tipton in the 2011 movie "Crazy, Stupid, Love".
On September 29, 2009, a music video for "One, Two ... One" was posted on YouTube.

</doc>
