<doc id="20840721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840721" title="Wer Dank opfert, der preiset mich, BWV 17">
Wer Dank opfert, der preiset mich, BWV 17

History and words.
Bach wrote the cantata in 1726, his fourth year in Leipzig, for the fourteenth Sunday after Trinity. The prescribed readings for the Sunday were from the Epistle to the Galatians, Paul's teaching on "works of the flesh" and "fruit of the Spirit" (), and from the Gospel of Luke, Cleansing ten lepers. ().
That year, Bach presented 18 cantatas by his relative Johann Ludwig Bach who was court musician in Meiningen. Bach seems to have been impressed also by the texts of those cantatas and follows similar structures: seven movements, divided in two parts to be performed before and after the sermon, both parts opened by Bible words, Part I by a quotation from the Old Testament, Part II by one from the New Testament. Bach composes some texts that his relative set before, including this cantata, which was written by Ernst Ludwig, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, according to Christoph Wolff. The cantata is regarded as part of Bach's third annual cycle.
The poet derived from the gospel the idea that thanks to God for his goodness are man's obligation. A profound scholar of the Bible, he quotes for the opening chorus a verse from Psalm 50 () and for the first recitative in Part II verses 15 and 16 from the gospel. He alludes to the Bible several times, for example telling about God's creation by in movement 2 and in movement 3, to in movement 6, "" (Love, peace, righteousness and joy in Your spirit). The closing chorale is the third stanza of "" (1525) by Johann Gramann (Poliander).
Bach first performed the cantata on 22 September 1726. He later used the opening movement for the movement "Cum sancto Spritu" in the "Gloria" of his Missa in G major, BWV 236.
Scoring and structure.
The cantata is scored for four vocal soloists (soprano, alto, tenor and bass), a four-part choir, two oboes, two violins, viola, and basso continuo.
Music.
The opening chorus presents the verse from the psalm in two choral sections, preceded by an instrumental sinfonia. All recitatives are secco. In the first aria, soprano and two obbligato violins illustrate in raising lines the text "" (as far as the clouds soar), adding extended coloraturas on "" (praise) and "" (indicate way).
The recitative beginning Part II is of narrative character and therefore given to the tenor voice, similar to the Evangelist in Bach's Passions. The second aria is accompanied by the strings. Both arias share a structure of three vocal sections, avoiding a vocal da capo, but combining the last section with the ritornello, thus achieving a unity of the movement. John Eliot Gardiner admires particularly the closing chorale for its "wonderful word-painting for the 'flower and fallen leaves' and 'the wind only has to pass over. He compares it to the central movement of the motet "Singet dem Herrn ein neues Lied", BWV 225.
Sources.
The first source is the score.
Several databases provide additional information on each cantata:

</doc>
<doc id="20840728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840728" title="Robert Manuel Cook">
Robert Manuel Cook

Robert Manuel Cook FBA (1909 – 2000) was a classical scholar and classical archaeologist from England with expertise in Greek painted vases. He was Laurence Professor of Classical Archaeology at the University of Cambridge, the author of several academic texts and was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 1976.
Biography.
Robert Cook was born in Sheffield on 4 July 1909, the son of a clergyman, and educated at Marlborough College and Clare College, Cambridge where he graduated with a double first in Classics. After pre-war lecturing positions at the University of Manchester and wartime service in the Civil Service, in 1946 Cook took up the position of Laurence reader in classical archaeology at Cambridge University, which he held until his elevation in 1962 to the Laurence chair where he remained until his formal retirement in 1976. Cook published extensively during his career; his "Greek Painted Pottery" (1962) remains a standard textbook for students of the subject.
In retirement Cook acted as chairman of the British School at Athens (1983-1987). He died in Cambridge on 10 August 2000 aged 91.

</doc>
<doc id="20840748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840748" title="Information Security Engineering Certified Professional">
Information Security Engineering Certified Professional

Information Security Engineering Certified Professional (ISECP) is a designation awarded by INFINIDOX.
Relevant information security background, both theoretical and practical, is required to pass the ISECP examination. 
The major domains of the CBK covered by ISECP certification are:
Candidates are recommended to have a minimum of 3 years of experience in one or more of the six topic areas that the exam covers. 

</doc>
<doc id="20840754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840754" title="Moira MacLeod">
Moira MacLeod

Moira MacLeod (born October 16, 1957) is a retired female field hockey player from England, who was a member of the British squad at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20840759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840759" title="Projection poi">
Projection poi

Projection poi is a theatrical branch of kinetic art combining projection and live interaction to create an optical illusion, incorporating prop manipulation inspired by poi, martial arts weaponry and dance. This unique technique allows the audience to see projected light without a screen or surface (although a screen or surface can be used) instead relying on high speed movement and prop interaction with the projector beam to make the light visible. This technique enables images, words, film or animation to appear as if floating in the air. 
Props.
To maximise and create the effect thin, flexible, white props are used, although variations on size and colour offer a different effect. White props allow the greatest reflection of projected light, and when the prop repeatedly intercepts the light beam at high speed the flexibility and thinness of the prop give the illusion that a whole image can be seen (if the prop were to stop you'd only see a section of the image). Ropes, bungee chords, staffs, pvc conduit and the edges of handheld fans have been used publicly, although a number of props have been used in theatre laboratory. Ideally the flexibility will become more apparent when the prop is manipulated for example: the curve of a rope when it is spun.
Backgrounds.
Visible
Being able to see the projected light on a surface with the live performer interacting with the beam in-between the surface and the projector. The performer brings forward and highlights specific areas of the projection as the audience can see what is on the surface behind the performer and an image where the performer is interacting.
Non-visible
Distorting, obscuring or destroying the projected light by using a surface that is not flat or specifically designed to do so, or by overpowering the light with an alternative source such as theatre lights. This allows for choreography to reveal the image with the greatest, most appropriate dramatic effect, as the image is only visible when interacted with. 
The two background types can be combined.
History.
Projection poi was developed and first performed by Kylie Ann Smith and Ricky White of Welsh theatre group "gaijin-san company", at Chapter Arts Centre in April 2007 who have since developed and performed the effect in venues across Wales with commissions from Welsh Independent Dance for 'Animangamon' and the Arts Council of Wales for 'Mr. Foreigner'. During the first International Festival of Emerging Artists hosted by the Theatre Royal Stratford East in 2008 Projection Poi was investigated in theatre laboratory by artists from across the globe. The effect was first described in theatre critic Michael Kelligan's review of gaijin-san company's production 'Ma Lau' as "colourful stick bending" in April 2007.
References.
Theatre Wales Website-Ma Lau Review

</doc>
<doc id="20840764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840764" title="2002 Speedway World Cup Race-off">
2002 Speedway World Cup Race-off

The 2002 Speedway World Cup Race-off was the fourth race of the 2002 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 8, 2002 in the Peterborough Speedway Stadium in Peterborough, Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20840767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840767" title="Thomas Congdon">
Thomas Congdon

Thomas Boss Congdon Jr. (March 17, 1931 – December 23, 2008) was an American book editor who worked on Russell Baker's memoir "Growing Up", Peter Benchley's bestselling novel "Jaws", and David Halberstam's 1986 work "The Reckoning", ultimately establishing his own publishing house.
Congdon was born on March 17, 1931 in New London, Connecticut and later earned a degree from Yale University. He dropped out of Yale during his sophomore year to work on a gold mine in Fairbanks, Alaska. He served in the United States Navy on the battleships and . He attended Columbia University, where he studied journalism.
Congdon became an editor at "The Saturday Evening Post", where he worked for 12 years. In 1968, he took his first position in book publishing at Harper & Row, and was hired by Doubleday in 1971.
At Doubleday, Congdon had read a number of articles written by Peter Benchley and invited Benchley to lunch to discuss some ideas for books. Benchley wanted to write a non-fiction book about pirates, but Congdon wasn't interested. Congdon asked if he had any ideas for fiction, and Benchley respond with his idea of a novel about a great white shark terrorizing a beach resort. Congdon offered Benchley an advance of $1,000, leading to the novelist submitting the first 100 pages. After extensive rewriting based on Congdon's guidance, "Jaws" was published in 1974 and stayed on the bestseller list for some 44 weeks.
In April 1974, Congdon was named as editor in chief of adult trade books at E. P. Dutton.
He worked with author A. Scott Berg, who was writing a book about Maxwell Perkins. Congdon reviewed Berg's original manuscripts, which had been written in the varying styles of several notable authors, and finally circled a paragraph that he felt captured what he was looking for, saying "You know who this sounds like? Nobody. Write the whole book like this. That's your voice." The published book, "Maxwell Perkins: Editor of Genius", won the 1980 National Book Award.
Russell Baker, who had been a columnist for "The New York Times" worked with Congdon on his best-selling memoir "Growing Up", which Baker said would never have been written without Congdon's assistance. Baker said that "After a lot of wine, I’d start talking about my uncles; I had a lot of uncles. And Tom said, 'This really ought to be a book.'" Baker wrote a draft, which Congdon rejected as "a piece of reporting", insisting that Baker rewrite the stories and the characters as they were when they were young. Baker recounted that "I threw the whole thing away and started over. A lot of the success of that book is due to him."
Congdon & Lattes (later known as Congdon & Weed) was established in 1979, but went bankrupt in the mid-1980s. Congdon edited books for other publishers, editing David Halberstam's "The Reckoning" published in 1986 by William Morrow and Company.
In 1994, Congdon's non-fiction book "Having Babies" was published by Simon & Schuster, described by Kirkus Reviews as "A look at pregnancy and childbirth as they are experienced by patients of an obstetrical practice in a wealthy New Jersey town." 
He died at age 77 on December 23, 2008 at his home in Nantucket, Massachusetts due to congestive heart failure and Parkinson's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20840772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840772" title="Christopher C. Horner">
Christopher C. Horner

Christopher C. Horner is an attorney in Washington, D.C., a Senior Fellow at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, and an outspoken political critic of climate science. Horner is also the author of three books disputing the scientific evidence for man made global warming.
Horner has represented CEI as well as Members of the U.S. House and Senate on matters of environmental policy in the federal courts, including the Supreme Court. He has written on numerous topics in publications such as law reviews, legal and industrial trade journals, and opinion pages. He is the author of four books.
The last was on the New York Times Bestseller list for many weeks.
Horner has testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, and works on a legal and policy level with numerous think tanks and policy organizations throughout the world. He has given numerous addresses to audiences in the European Parliament in Strasbourg and Brussels, and before policymakers in European capitals including London, Rome, Prague, Copenhagen, Madrid, and Warsaw; topics range from rail deregulation and unfunded pension liability to energy and environment issues. He has provided legal, policy, and political commentary several hundred times each on both television and radio, in the United States, Europe, Canada, and Australia, including on the Fox News Channel, Court TV, MSNBC (with repeat visits on The News Hour with Jim Lehrer), BBC, CNN, CNN International, ITN, CBC, Bloomberg, and Reuters Television.
Horner received his Juris Doctorate from Washington University in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="20840775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840775" title="John Cossins">
John Cossins

John Cossins (1697–1743) was an early map maker, renowned for the following city maps:
His notebook (1726) including subscriptions and sketches is in the York City Archives[http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/nra/searches/subjectView.asp?ID=B25956]
In 1993 Sothebys offered for sale a notebook written by John Cossins. It contained notes on his maps of Scarborough, York and Leeds and also a list of the people who subscribed to those maps. This was bought by the City Archivist for York. Originally 138 people subscribed to 192 copies of the Leeds plan; only one copy is now accessible, in Leeds City Museum. It has been suggested that Thoresby was instrumental in hiring Cossins, and a copy of the map is kept at the Thoresby Society.
It is not clear whether this is the same John Cossins as the one after whom Cossins Road in Bristol is named. This commemorates John Cossins, who acquired the estate in 1732. The son of a well-to-do London grocer, he married the daughter of a Bristol merchant and made his home in Redland. He replaced the old manor house with Redland Court, a house of Classical design. Redland Court still stands and is now used as a school and has been much changed and enlarged though its well known Bath stone frontage is still visible from the streets that now cover most of the original grounds. Cossins was also responsible for the building of Redland church, which was originally the Court's private chapel. It was built of Bath stone like the Court to a very simple, yet elegant design. Thomas Paty, the well known local architect was involved in its construction. In 1898 the Bishop of Bristol's palace was built on the site, only to be bombed in December 1940 and later demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="20840794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840794" title="2005 Premier League Snooker (2004/05)">
2005 Premier League Snooker (2004/05)

The 2005 Betfred Premier League Snooker professional non-ranking snooker tournament in the 2004/05 season was played from 6 January to 8 May 2005. This was the first Premier League event to use the shot clock.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won in the final 6–0 against Mark Williams.
__TOC__
League phase.
Top four qualified for the play-offs. If points were level then most frames won determined their positions. If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions. If that ended 3–3 then the player who got to three first was higher. (Breaks above 50 shown between (parentheses), century breaks shown in bold.)
Play-offs.
7–8 May – G-Mex, Manchester, England
Century breaks.
Each century break was worth a £1,000 per break.

</doc>
<doc id="20840806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840806" title="Pro-Nicene Theology">
Pro-Nicene Theology

The characterization, “Pro-Nicene,” points to one of the central tenets of the new approach to fourth century Trinitarian theology advocated by Lewis Ayres and Michel René Barnes, among others. The designation, “pro-Nicene,” classifies and describes Trinitarian theological accounts of the mid to late 4th century (ca. 360s to 380s) that supported the propositions in the Creed of Nicaea. Some scholars prefer to utilize a middle category, or stage in theological development, that provides further differentiation between Nicene theologies and pro-Nicene theologies: Barnes labels this middle category “neo-Nicene” theology. Nevertheless, all the scholars who utilize the pro-Nicene category stress the logical compatibility that exists within different theologies of the period, rather than one particular theology. The feature of these like-minded theological accounts that has garnered the most attention is the understanding that in sharing the one power of God, the Father and Son must share the same nature. 
This new approach contrasts itself with narratives that describe the orthodox Trinitarian theologies of this period as utilizing different arguments of logic. For instance, this new approach would disagree with the contention that some orthodox accounts start from the affirmation of distinction within the Godhead and argue toward unity, while other orthodox accounts start from the affirmation of unity within the Godhead and argue toward distinction. 

</doc>
<doc id="20840820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840820" title="Windows MultiPoint Server">
Windows MultiPoint Server

Windows MultiPoint Server is a Microsoft Windows Server-based operating system using Remote Desktop Services technology to host multiple simultaneous independent computing stations or terminals connected to a single computer.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2010.
This version was released in February 2010 and is based on Windows Server 2008 R2. Multiple stations can be added to a WMS 2010 host computer by connecting a single monitor, USB 2.0 hub, keyboard and mouse for each station. Hardware requirements for MultiPoint stations are non-proprietary, and virtually any multi-monitor video card, mouse, keyboard and monitor that is supported on Windows Server 2008 R2 can be used to build a station.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2010 is available for purchase via either OEMs or Academic Volume Licensing. The Academic version, acquired via Academic Volume Licensing, supports domain join and no licensing restrictions on station count (however, hardware limits still apply), but requires a Windows Server 2008 R2 CAL "and" a Windows MultiPoint Server 2010 CAL per station, while the non-Academic version that is acquired via OEMs is limited to 10 stations maximum and does not support domain join, but only requires a Windows MultiPoint Server 2010 CAL per station and no Windows Server 2008 R2 CALs.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2011.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2011, based on Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, was released to manufacturing on 10 March 2011. New features in Windows MultiPoint Server 2011 include:
In addition, unlike Windows MultiPoint Server 2010, Windows MultiPoint Server 2011 has Standard and Premium editions. The following table compares the two editions' differences; they share all other features equally.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2012.
On November 27, 2012, Microsoft released Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 to manufacturing. This is the first version of MultiPoint to be based on Windows Server 2012, and contains several new features and upgrades from previous versions: 

</doc>
<doc id="20840826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840826" title="Shetland Arts">
Shetland Arts

Shetland Arts Development Agency or Shetland Arts for short, is a charitable organisation formed in 2006 (to replace the Shetland Arts Trust) with a remit to "encourage and assist in promoting and advancing the creation, practice and presentation and study of all forms of art - visual, performing and creative."
The organisation, based in an office in Lerwick, manage the Weisdale Mill (an art gallery, museum and cafe), the Garrison Theatre and the Mareel cinema, music and education venue.
Music is an important aspect of their work and the "Fiddle Frenzy" traditional music summer school and cultural event is now in its fifth year, the 2008 event building on earlier successes. Shetland Arts intend to produce a comprehensive database of Shetland music.
Shetland Arts' annual programme of events also includes the Peerie Willie Guitar Festival, the ScreenPlay Film Festival (curated by Mark Kermode and Linda Ruth Williams) and the WordPlay Literature Festival.
Shetland Arts' OSCR Charity Number is SC037082

</doc>
<doc id="20840863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840863" title="Reid and Sigrist">
Reid and Sigrist

Reid and Sigrist was a British engineering company based at Desford, Leicestershire, England. They were an instrument manufacturer in the interwar era, specialising in aircraft applications mainly producing aircraft parts and instruments but later became a Camera manufacturer. During the second world war it was also involved in aircraft maintenance.
History.
Fred Sigrist was a Managing Director of Hawker Aircraft and the company was set up to supply parts for Hawker aircraft.
Aircraft instruments.
The company main product was aircraft instruments with the most notable being a Turn & Slip indicator
Aircraft production.
In 1937 the company formed an aviation division at the New Malden, Surrey factory site. The first product was a twin-engined advanced trainer, the R.S.1 "Snargasher" (1939) which was eventually relegated to company "hack" used primarily at the factory and Desford aerodrome.
Cameras.
After the Second World War the company were requested by the British government to produce the Reid camera based on the Leica patents and drawings which had been seized by the Allies. The first camera went on general sale in 1951 and the company produced cameras until 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20840874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840874" title="The Punisher (2004 series)">
The Punisher (2004 series)

The Punisher (titled The Punisher: Frank Castle after issue #66, sometimes referred to as The Punisher MAX) was a comic book ongoing series published under the MAX imprint of Marvel Comics, featuring vigilante anti-hero, the Punisher.
Publication history.
Garth Ennis, also writer of the 2000 and 2001 "Punisher" series, wrote issues #1-60 of the series. Also like the earlier series, Tim Bradstreet provided the covers for those issues. Continuing his run on the character, Ennis used the freedom of the MAX imprint to write more realistic and hard-edged stories than had previously been seen. Ennis also wrote two miniseries accompanying the main series, "The Punisher Presents: Barracuda" and "". Several one-shots were also produced, some written by Ennis and some by other writers.
With issue #61, Gregg Hurwitz replaced Ennis as writer joining artist Laurence Campbell to do a five-issue story arc. With issue #66 released on January 21, 2009, the series was retitled "Punisher: Frank Castle", with writer Duane Swierczynski and artist Michel Lacombe coming to the series. Victor Gischler came on board for the storyline "Welcome to the Bayou" in issues #71-74 before the title finished with issue #75, a double-length issue with stories by Thomas Piccirilli, Gregg Hurwitz, Duane Swierczynski, Peter Milligan, and Charlie Huston.
The title was relaunched as "PunisherMAX" in late 2009, with writer Jason Aaron and artist Steve Dillon.
Differences with mainstream Punisher.
The series explicitly does not use a floating timeline like the Marvel Universe, instead presenting a Punisher who ages in real time. Gravestones and other references indicate that his family was killed in 1976. The Punisher has been active for almost 30 years at the time presented in most stories, with issue #19 specifying that he has killed approximately 2,000 people. "The Punisher: Born" also establishes that the Punisher's service in the Vietnam War is still in MAX continuity.
Promotional art for the cover of "Punisher" vol. 6, #44 (March 2007), gives Frank Castle's birth date as February 16, 1950, but that was removed for the published issues. The story "Valley Forge, Valley Forge" corroborates this date, referring to Castle as "a twenty one year old Captain" in April 1971. 
Another major difference is the complete lack of superheroes and supervillains in the series, although non-superpowered characters from the Punisher's past, most notably Microchip, do make appearances. Nick Fury also makes several notable appearances, with his characterization echoing Ennis's MAX-imprint Fury stories. However, the character Jen Cooke, a social worker, appeared in the Marvel Knights storyline "Hidden". She then appeared in the MAX storyline "Slavers". The character Yorkie Mitchell made appearances in both the Marvel Knights and the MAX Punisher comics.
In the "Civil War Files" comic, just before the "Civil War" took place, Iron Man talked about events in the Punisher’s past from the Marvel Knights and MAX comic:
Whereas the traditional Punisher stories remained within the United States and involved antagonists and settings of conventional domestic crime, stories of the MAX Punisher often focus on current events, ranging from corporate fraud to sexual slavery, and the War on Terror. Many characters are past or current intelligence and military operatives from governmental agencies like the CIA, KGB, Secret Intelligence Service, SAS, militaries and militias from the Balkans and Middle East, also including the IRA, all with agendas rooted in past conflicts like the Cold War or the Yugoslav wars.

</doc>
<doc id="20840880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840880" title="Darrin Govens">
Darrin Govens

Darrin Govens is a shooting guard for the Ikaros of the Greek Basket League. Govens was named the Class 4A Pennsylvania Player of the Year in both 2005 and 2006 was a 2006 All-State 1st Team selection by Associated Press, along with teammate Garrett Williamson in high school. 
During his sophomore year in college, he averaged 9.8 points per game. He scored 1,360 points over his four-year career. His career high came against La Salle University when he scored 26 points. He was not drafted in the 2010 NBA D-League Draft, but made the Reno Bighorns roster.

</doc>
<doc id="20840890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840890" title="2002 Speedway World Cup Final">
2002 Speedway World Cup Final

The 2002 Speedway World Cup Final was the fifth and last race of the 2002 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 10, 2002 at the East of England Showground in Peterborough, Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20840892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840892" title="Forefront Identity Manager">
Forefront Identity Manager

Microsoft Forefront Identity Manager (FIM) is a state-based identity management software product, designed to manage users' digital identities, credentials and groupings throughout the lifecycle of their membership of an enterprise computer system. FIM integrates with Active Directory and Exchange Server to provide identity synchronization, certificate management, user password resets and user provisioning from a single interface.
Part of the Microsoft Identity and Access Management platform product line, FIM superseded Microsoft Identity Lifecycle Manager (ILM), and was known as ILM 2 during development. ILM 2007 was created by merging Microsoft Identity Integration Server 2003 (MIIS) and Certificate Lifecycle Manager (CLM).
FIM 2010 utilises Windows Workflow Foundation concepts, using transactional workflows to manage and propagate changes to a user's state-based identity. This is in contrast to most of the transaction-based competing products that do not have a state-based element. Administrators not only can create workflows with the web-based GUI of ILM 2 portal but also include more complex workflows designed outside of the portal by importing XAML files
FIM 2010 R2 (Release 2) was released in June 2012 and has extra capabilities:
Codeless Provisioning.
Forefront Identity Manager introduces the concept of "codeless provisioning" which allows administrators to create objects in any connected data source without writing any code in one of the .NET framework languages.
The codeless provisioning provided in ILM 2 should be able to sustain most of the simple to medium complexity scenarios for account lifecycle management. ILM 2 fully honors existing MIIS implementations and supports "traditional" coded provisioning side-by-side with code-less provisioning methods.
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20840898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840898" title="Michel René Barnes">
Michel René Barnes

Michel René Barnes is Associate Professor of Historical Theology at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He focuses on Latin and Greek Patristic Theology, in particular, Gregory of Nyssa, Augustine of Hippo, and pneumatological development in the early church. 
Biography.
Michel Barnes attended St. John's College, Santa Fe, New Mexico, and earned his PhD under the direction of Joanne McWilliam and John Rist at the University of St. Michael's College, Toronto. He also holds an M. Div. and Th. M. from St. Michael's in Toronto.
Barnes lives in Milwaukee with his wife and two of his three daughters.
Theological project.
Barnes’s research first focused on fourth century Trinitarian theology on which he published several articles and the monograph, "The Power of God: A Study of Gregory of Nyssa's Trinitarian Theology". He co-edited with Daniel H. Williams, a colleague and friend from St. Michael’s, "Arianism After Arius: Essays on the Development of Fourth Century Trinitarian Conflicts". he was working on a study of Augustine's Trinitarian theology, and a monograph on the doctrine of the Holy Spirit in the early church. 
Barnes wrote a paper on the narrative that developed from nineteenth-century scholar Theodore DeRégnon’s characterization of Eastern and Western Trinitarian theology as starting from distinction and unity, respectively. DeRégnon had said that Western Trinitarian theology had emphasized God's oneness, while Eastern Trinitarian theology had emphasized his threeness. In the "Harvard Theological Review" Khaled Anatolios acknowledged that “The assertion of a substantive rift between Eastern and Western trinitarian theologies… is not found in either Hanson or Simonetti ... and its genealogy ... has been famously exposed by Michel Barnes.” Matthew Drever also noted the attempt by Barnes, Ayres, and others to argue that many of the traditional categories for analyzing pre- and post-Nicene thought were inadequate. This paper is probably Barnes's most influential publication to date.
Barnes proceeded, with Lewis Ayres in particular, to cast Pro-Nicene Trinitarian theologies (found in the East and West) as possessing a harmonious logic, as seen in the independent accounts of Gregory of Nyssa and Augustine of Hippo. He then focussed on two different, though connected, pursuits: the development of Latin Trinitarian theology in the third and early fourth centuries, and the development of pneumatology in the early church. His article, "Irenaeus' Trinitarian Theology", which was in press in 2008, covered these topics.
Collaboration with Lewis Ayres.
Along with Lewis Ayres, professor of Catholic and historical theology in the University of Durham, and Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, Barnes is part of a rereading of Augustine's trinitarian theology that contradicts the older, neoplatonic-centered account. In his 2007 doctoral dissertation, Keith Edward Johnson referred to his new reading as "New Canon" Augustine scholarship. From a footnote in Johnson's dissertation (p. 108 n. 189), that name would appear to have been taken from a publication by Barnes; however, the bibliography does not provide further details. Barnes's and Ayres's work suggests that Augustine has been read primarily with a non-theological focus, and needs a theological or doctrinal re-reading. Some have expressed hope that their work will eventually result in a new theological biography of Augustine. The basis of the New Canon reading of Augustine was worked out from 1995 to 2000, during which Ayres and Barnes conducted an almost daily common reading and discussion, via e-mail, of Augustine's trinitarian writings.
The mutuality of Barnes' and Ayres' partnership is evident from the following comments in their respective papers, "Remember you are Catholic" and "Rereading Augustine on the Trinity":
Collaboration with Alexander Golitzin.
Barnes shares with Alexander Golitzin the opinion that early Christianity is best understood as a phenomenon within Jewish sectarianism of the late Second Temple period.

</doc>
<doc id="20840914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840914" title="Information Security Management Certified Professional">
Information Security Management Certified Professional

Information Security Management Certified Professional (ISMCP) is a designation awarded by INFINIDOX.
Relevant information security background, both theoretical and practical, is required to pass the ISMCP examination. 
The major domains of the CBK covered by ISMCP certification are:
Candidates are recommended to have a minimum of 5 years of experience in one or more of the six topic areas that the exam covers. 

</doc>
<doc id="20840938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840938" title="Mount Aqraa">
Mount Aqraa

Mount Aqra` ( ǧabal al-Aqra` ); the biblical Hor H'har הר ההר or Zaphon, Kel Dağı in Turkish , Mount Casius to the Greeks, and Mount Hazzi to the Hurrians) is a mountain located near the mouth of the Orontes River on the Syrian-Turkish border around north of Ras al-Bassit (ancient Posideium) and around north of Ras Shamra (ancient Ugarit). 
Rising directly from a narrow coastal plain, "Jebel Aqra" is a mariners' landmark with a long history as a sacred mountain. 
According to Ugaritic texts it was the sacred mountain of the storm god Baal (Baal-Hadad in ancient Canaanite mythology), where his palace was erected of blue lapis and silver and where his lightning overcame the nearby sea (Yam) and Death (Mot) himself. The thunderstorm-gathering mountain was an object of cult itself, and on it dwelt also the goddess Anat. On its bare limestone peak the cult-site is represented by a huge mound of ashes and debris, 180 feet wide and 26 feet deep, of which only the first 6 feet have been excavated, in which the excavators reached only as far as Hellenistic strata before closing down.
The mountain, Robin Lane Fox observes, had an earlier sacred history among the Hurrians, who had known the mountain as "Hazzi" and placed their own storm god Teshub on its summit. Hittite rulers took up the name of its storm king and his victory over the sea by which he established his "kingship in heaven", according to texts found at the Hittite capital Hattusa.
Baal-zephon.
According to Isaiah 14:13 the mountain "Zaphon" is the location where the gods assembled. The old Semitic name "" was used by the conquering Assyrians in the 8th century BCE and by the Phoenicians. As a prominent peak in the northern part of the Canaanite world, its name was used, for example in Psalm 48, Genesis 13:14 and Deuteronomy 3:27, as a synonym for the direction north. "Tzaphon" (צפון) is in fact the basic word for "north" in Hebrew, due to the location of the mountain and the relation between the Hebrew and Canaanite languages. 
The "Lord of the north", confusingly, could be attested far to the south. Through individuals travelling on errands of diplomacy and trade, the "Lord of Zephon", "Ba`al Zephon" protected his adherents far and wide: the temple of Baal at Ugarit had a sandstone relief, dedicated by a royal scribe to Ba`al Ṣapān, that had been sent from Egypt. The king of Tyre in 677 called to witness Baal Saphon in his treaty with the king of Assyria "" is also mentioned as the abode of Ba`al in the Ugaritic Ba`al cycle.
The earliest Hellenic foothold in the Levant, at Al Mina, lies at the beach on its northern flank. Here Euboeans and Cypriotes experienced some of their earliest on-site experience of northwest Semitic cultures, from the early eighth century BCE onwards. "The Hittite name persisted in neo-Hittite culture into the ninth century BC and so when Greeks settled on the north side of Mount Hazzi they continued to call its main peak 'Mount Kasios'", Robin Lane Fox points out, observing that it was the Mount Olympus of the Near East.
The cult of the god of the mountain was transferred, by "interpretatio graeca", to Zeus Kasios, the "Zeus of Mount Kasios", similar to Ras Kouroun in the Sinai. Tiles from the Greco-Roman sanctuary at the site, stamped with the god's name, were reused in the Christian monastery that came to occupy the eastern, landward slopes of Kazios.
When kings and emperors climbed Mount Kasios to sacrifice at its peak sanctuary, it was a notable cultural occasion. Seleucus I Nicator sought there the advice of Zeus in locating his foundation, a Seleuceia (one of many) on the coast. Coins struck there as late as the first century BCE still show the city's emblem, the thunderbolt, sometimes placed upon the cushion of a throne. In the winter of 114/15 CE Trajan was spared in a major earthquake that struck Antioch; commemorative coins were struck featuring the shrine of Zeus Kasios, with its pointed roof on pillars, and a representation of its rounded sacred stone, or "betyl". Trajan's adoptive son Hadrian accompanied him; he returned in 130 CE to scale the mountain at night, no doubt, Fox remarks, to witness the rising of the sun, visible for several minutes from the peak, while the land below lay still in darkness; it was said later that a thunderbolt at the peak struck the animal he was about to sacrifice. In spring 363 the last pagan emperor, Julian, scaled the mountain, where he had an epiphanic vision of Zeus Kasios, according to his friend and correspondent Libanius. 
Greek theophoric names "Kassiodora" and "Kassiodorus", equally a "gift of Kasios", recall a vow of one or both parents made to ensure fertile conception.
Christian hermits were drawn to the mountain; Barlaam challenged its demons by founding a monastery near the treeline on its eastern slopes, and Simeon Stylites the Younger stood for forty years on a pillar near its northern flanks until his death in 592.

</doc>
<doc id="20840943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840943" title="One Flew Over the Cuckoo Clock">
One Flew Over the Cuckoo Clock

One Flew Over the Cuckoo Clock is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 25 December 2005, as the 2005 Christmas Special.
Synopsis.
After receiving an invitation to the Agricultural Ball in Somerset Boycie and Marlene decide to attend and take Bryan as their driver. Boycie begins to worry that the Driscoll Brothers might be at the ball. Upon arriving they soon begin to settle in until they meet two men who run a polo club who tell Boycie he could become a partner for a few million pounds and could even be knighted ‘Sir Aubrey’.
The snob in Boycie comes rushing to the top and he agrees to meet them in Switzerland for a Christmas holiday but unfortunately on Christmas Eve, Boycie and Marlene are snowed in. So, they are forced to spend Christmas with Mrs Cakeworthy, Bryan, Jed and Llewellyn. The snow doesn’t lift quickly so the realisation that they’ve missed their flight annoys Boycie.
Meanwhile, Elgin has gone into hospital to have his appendix removed therefore, Llewellyn is filling in as farm manager for him. Also, Boycie and Marlene sit down to watch a festive edition of Watchdog only to find that the two men who had invited Boycie abroad were con men and that the Driscoll Brothers had followed them to Switzerland. They had recognised Boycie’s picture in a country magazine that just happened to mention where they would be this Christmas. So, Boycie insists that God looked after him and made it snow on purpose. Therefore, the Boyces are safe and sound, for now, and can continue to celebrate a Christmas Driscoll-free.
Production, broadcast and reception.
Writing.
This episode was written by John Sullivan, writer of "Only Fools and Horses". The whole of the first series was written entirely by John Sullivan. He was asked by the BBC mid-way through the first series being aired to write an hour-long episode for Christmas Day.
Broadcast.
During its original airing, the episode had a viewing audience of 4.59 million, in the 8pm timeslot it was shown. This is the same audiences that sitcoms such as "My Family" attract.
This episode has since been re-run on BBC1, BBC HD and GOLD. The show received one of the highest ratings of the week making it into the top thirty.
DVD release.
The UK DVD release was released on 23 October 2006. The release includes the 2005 Christmas Special, a short special entitled 'Grass Roots' and a short documentary on 'Rocky'.
Conception.
The episode was commissioned part way through the original broadcast of the first series. John Sullivan was asked to produce an hour-long special that would be aired on Christmas Day. The special was written, filmed and aired at 8pm on Christmas Day. The episode was designed for the Driscoll Brothers to make a return and for Boycie is narrowly miss them.
Filming.
The episode was filmed late 2005 and featured a guest appearance for Only Fools and Horses regular, Sid as played by Roy Heather. The set of The Nag’s Head was used for the short cameo appearance. Also, Roy Marsden and Christopher Ryan appeared as their irregular Only Fools and Horses characters Danny and Tony Driscoll. This marked the Driscoll Brothers first appearance in the show. This episode was also the last episode as of 2009, to feature a regular Only Fools character.
The episode also featured a large cast of nineteen credited actors/actresses. This is the largest cast that the series has seen so far.
Locations.
This episode was filmed at Pinewood Studios, and on location in Shropshire. The episode featured the use of Only Fools and Horses set, The Nag’s Head, but only briefly. The only character to be seen in this scene was Roy Heather’s Sid. The second series onwards was filmed at Teddington Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="20840944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840944" title="Phillip Gaensslen House">
Phillip Gaensslen House

The Phillip Gaensslen House is a historic house in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, located at 3050 Prospect Avenue east of downtown. Built in about 1870, the Italianate house features a primarily brick exterior and a stone foundation. As suggested by its name, the house was constructed for Phillip Gaensslen, who owned Cleveland's only German-language newspaper. After the Gaensslen family lived in the house, it served a succession of different organizations: after being a home for unwed mothers, the property was used as a church for a time. From the 1960s to the 1980s, on the other hand, it was a headquarters of a steel fabrication company.
Historic preservation has played an important part of the Gaensslen House's recent history: since the 1990s, the house has been restored to an older appearance, and it has become recognized for its historic significance. Along with several other nearby houses, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 1, 1984; it has also received the AIA's Restoration Award and is listed on the Cleveland Landmark Register. Today, the house serves as the offices of TG Embedded Systems, a wireless Internet company.

</doc>
<doc id="20840948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840948" title="San Bernardino Associated Governments">
San Bernardino Associated Governments

San Bernardino Associated Governments (SANBAG) is an association of local San Bernardino County governments. It is the metropolitan planning organization for the county, with policy makers consisting of mayors, councilmembers, and county supervisors, and the funding agency for the county's transit systems, which include Omnitrans, Victor Valley Transit Authority, Morongo Basin Transit Authority, Mountain Area Regional Transit Authority, Barstow Area Transport, and Needles Area Transit.

</doc>
<doc id="20840954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840954" title="Portland Naughty Dogs">
Portland Naughty Dogs

The Portland Naughty Dogs were an American professional paintball team that competed in the NPPL up until the 2011 season. Portland is featured in the video game NPPL Championship Paintball 2009. They also go under the name the Seattle Naughty Dogs. Portland joined the NPPL in 2003 and have won 2 tournaments.
The Naughty Dogs are one of the teams in the NPPL with the best win record next to the San Diego Dynasty. In the 2008 season, the Naughty Dogs were struggling and were in line to drop down to the Semi-Pro division of the NPPL. After having been out of the professional league for almost a year on August 11, 2009 they rejoined. 

</doc>
<doc id="20840956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840956" title="Trailer Bride">
Trailer Bride

Trailer Bride was a Chapel Hill, North Carolina-based alternative country rock band signed to Bloodshot Records. Formed in 1993, the band consisted of Melissa Swingle (vocalist, guitarist), Robert Mitchener (bass guitar), Brad Goolsby (drummer), Bryon Settle (guitarist) and Scott Goolsby (guitarist). In the summer of 1997, after the release of their first album, Daryl White replaced Mitchener as bassist.
The band is known for a southern gothic sound, with lyrics reminiscent of the works of Flannery O'Connor. Their songs are described as "spooky", and often contained dark themes of death, sin and sex. The first album, "Trailer Bride", features songs of local character that celebrate Chatham County, North Carolina, and the main route to the nearby town of Chapel Hill, US 15-501. The first track of their album "High Seas", "Jesco" is a homage to Jesco White, the Appalachian "Dancing Outlaw". The band met White while playing a show with Hasil Adkins. White told Swingle, "I don't get out much on account of being famous", which was used as a line in the song.
Swingle started playing music when she was pregnant with her child, Isabel. She learned that fumes from her oil painting could affect the baby, so while looking for another creative outlet, she began to play guitar. Isabel's artwork is on the album "High Seas".

</doc>
<doc id="20840968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840968" title="Kolovec">
Kolovec

Kolovec () is a settlement northeast of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
History.
Kolovec was the site of two castles in the past. Both are mentioned and depicted by Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in his "The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola" as "Gerlachstein". The older castle stood on a hill northeast of the settlement and was built in the 12th century. It was burned down in 1560 and the site was abandoned. The ruins of the castle are still visible. The second castle, built just outside the settlement to the southwest, was built in 1530. It burned down in 1679, but was rebuilt by the owners. In the Second World War it was used by the German army as its local headquarters until 1942, and was burned down by the Partisans in April 1943 to prevent the army from using it again. The remains are hardly visible today.

</doc>
<doc id="20840975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840975" title="Kinniya">
Kinniya

It is a small town in the Trincomalee District of the Eastern province of Sri Lanka. It is located about 20 km from the town of Trincomalee and 240 km from the national capital Colombo. 
With over 35,000 inhabitants, 97% of Kinniya residents are ethnic Muslims with the remaining being Tamils. 
Located in Sri Lanka's dry zone, the Kinniya region often experiences hot and dry weather with very little precipitation. Sri Lanka's longest bridge is situated in this town, which is a tourist attraction in the area.
Being located on the Trincomalee Harbor, Kinniya was badly devastated by the massive Tsunami that resulted from the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake.
www.kinniya.net is the first website which is being published from kinniya since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20840978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840978" title="From Here to Paternity">
From Here to Paternity

From Here to Paternity is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 25 December 2006, as the 2006 Christmas Special. 
Synopsis.
When Llewellyn arrives accusing the Boyce’s dog, Earl, of seducing his pedigree collie, Blodwyn, who is now pregnant, trouble starts to brew in the village. Boycie doesn't want his reputation to be scarred by having a sexually orientated pet so he denies everything until Llewellyn produces a photograph of the crime to which Marlene replies ‘that’s canine pornography!’
Things get a whole lot worse, when Mrs Cakeworthy overhears the Boyces talking about it and she assumes they’re talking about Tyler getting Beth pregnant. Then when Marlene and Boycie confront Tyler he thinks that they mean that Mrs Cakeworthy is pregnant. Spiralling out of control, the rumours get more and more wild until Ray, Beth’s dad, decides to get nasty. When Boycie decides to tell the staff that Mrs Cakeworthy is pregnant her husband shows up and the following conversation leads to Boycie receiving another black eye.
Meanwhile, Mrs Cakeworthy is named Tai Chi Student of the Month, Tyler has a real Christmas surprise for Beth - a horse, and Jed, Elgin and Bryan are convinced that the strange, terrible creature Old Bones has come back to stalk the land, consuming everything in its path. Or maybe they’re just trying to scare Boycie and pocket some extra money.

</doc>
<doc id="20840986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840986" title="UK National Defence Association">
UK National Defence Association

The UK National Defence Association (UKNDA) is a pressure group campaigning in support of Britain's Armed Forces and calling for an increase in the UK Defence budget. It is politically independent and Tri-Service (Navy, Army, Air Force).
Formed in 2007, its Patrons include former Chiefs of the Defence Staff - Admiral The Lord Boyce, and General The Lord Guthrie. Its Founder-President was Winston S. Churchill (grandson of former Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill) and Vice-Presidents include Sir Richard Dearlove (former head of the Secret Intelligence Service), General Sir Michael Rose (Falklands and Bosnia), Major-General Patrick Cordingley (commander of the Desert Rats in the Gulf War), Colonel Tim Collins (commander of 1st Royal Irish Regt in the Iraq War), Colonel Bob Stewart,DSO, MP,(commander of United Nations forces in Bosnia) and Professor Richard Holmes. The UKNDA Chief Executive is Kees van Haperen, its Secretary is Lieutenant Commander David Robinson RN. Its Public Relations Officer and Deputy CEO is Andy Smith. Board members include Prof Richard Holmes, Air Commodore Andrew Lambert, Tony Edwards (ex-Defence Industries Council) 
The UKNDA's 2008 policy paper, "Overcoming the Defence Crisis", argues that the shrinking of the Defence budget from 5% of the UK's Gross Domestic Product in the 1980s to barely 2% in 2008 has left Britain's Armed Forces chronically under-funded and over-stretched. It calls for UK Defence policy to be "threat-driven, not budget-driven".

</doc>
<doc id="20840996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20840996" title="Sara Leib">
Sara Leib

Sara Leib (born December 21, 1981) is an American-born vocalist and music educator, best known as a jazz singer and acclaimed for her improvisation.
Biography.
Born and raised in Los Angeles, CA, Leib became interested in jazz when she was in high school, and attended music college at Berklee College of Music, New England Conservatory, and USC, all on scholarships. In high school, she participated in the NARAS Foundation's Grammy In The Schools jazz choir, which performed at several GRAMMY events. While in school, Leib won a Downbeat Student Music Award for Outstanding Performance by a College Jazz Vocalist, and went on to participate in the Jazz Aspen Snowmass Academy in Aspen CO where she worked with artists Christian McBride, Allan Harris, and Cyrus Chestnut.
As a professional, Leib has released one album as a leader, entitled "It's Not The Moon". She has toured Japan, South Africa, Guatemala, and the United States, and worked with other notable musicians as Art Lande.
Leib works as a music educator.
Discography.
2003 - It's Not The Moon
2012 - Secret Love

</doc>
<doc id="20841003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841003" title="Things Could Be Worse">
Things Could Be Worse

Things Could be Worse is an autobiographical novel by Lily Brett about a family of Polish Jews who migrated to Melbourne in the late 1940s.
Plot introduction.
The novel chronicles the story of a family of Jewish immigrants in Melbourne over a period of several decades. The novel describes meticulously the problems the family has with coping with its traumatic past.
Plot summary.
Renia and Josl Bensky grow up in the Polish town of Łódź, Poland. Shortly after their marriage, they are forced to move to the Ghetto of Łódź, and soon, they are deported to the concentration camp of Auschwitz. After the downfall of the Third Reich, they meet again, and their first daughter Lola is born in a DP camp in 1946.
In 1948, The Benskys move to Melbourne and try to start a new life, far away from the horrible crimes they had to endure during the Holocaust. They find good friends among fellow Jewish Immigrants, and with this tight group of friends, they try to live as normal a life as possible.
Josl and Renia both try to live with their past; in this mixture of trying to forget and to commemorate, they raise Lola to be an Australian girl. Lola knows she will never understand her parents completely since she will never experience what they had to live through. She has her own problems. She has overweight, weird boyfriends and a first husband whom she does not love.
When she turns 19, Lola starts to write for a rock magazine and gets to travel around the world to interview the stars of her time. Apart from her job, she raises her children and tries to figure out her life. Finally, she marries the artist Garth and moves to New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20841010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841010" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2009">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2009

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information. This data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, Internet sales (both physical and digital) and verifiable sales from concert venues in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20841013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841013" title="China Northwest Airlines Flight 2303">
China Northwest Airlines Flight 2303

China Northwest Airlines Flight 2303 was a domestic flight from Xi'an to Guangzhou, People's Republic of China. On June 6, 1994, this aircraft, a Tupolev Tu-154M, broke up in-flight and crashed as a result of an autopilot malfunction which caused violent shaking and overstressed the airframe.
Accident.
Approximately eight minutes after takeoff (ten minutes in some reports), the control tower at Xianyang Airport lost contact with the plane and it crashed in a field 18 miles southeast of the airport. All 146 passengers and 14 crew died. As of 2013, it remains the deadliest airplane crash ever to occur in mainland China.
Investigation.
Flawed maintenance of the aircraft is the probable cause of the sequence of events. The previous evening, the autopilot yaw-channel had been erroneously connected to the bank control, and the bank-channel to the yaw controls. Additionally, this incorrect maintenance was not done in a properly approved facility.
Passengers.
Among the passengers, 133 were from mainland China, four were from Italy, three were from Hong Kong, one was from Taiwan, and nine were from other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20841029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841029" title="A Rocky Start">
A Rocky Start

A Rocky Start is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 16 September 2005, as the second episode of series one.
Synopsis.
Having now met the farm manager, Elgin Sparrowhawk, Boycie is now convinced that he is of Gentlemen Farmer material. However, he finds himself reluctant to meet the other staff which he also didn’t know existed. Worst of all, he needs to buy some animals but getting some of those won’t be a problem... will it?
After Elgin’s fantastic idea of getting the bull owner drunk and getting a lower price of around nine thousand pounds, Boycie stills ends up paying more. He ends up paying around eighteen thousand pounds as he got more drunk. He then attempts to return home but Marlene has locked up and Elgin has taken his car keys so it looks like he’s going to have a night out in the wild.
The next morning, the bull(Rocky) arrives and Boycie finds himself face to face with it but the staff find out that Rocky is Gay
Production, broadcast and reception.
Writing.
This episode was written by John Sullivan, writer of "Only Fools and Horses". The whole of the first series was written entirely by John Sullivan.
Broadcast.
During its original airing, the episode had a viewing audience of 6.34 million, in the 8:30pm timeslot it was shown. This is the same audiences that sitcoms such as My Family attract.
This episode has since been re-run on BBC1, BBC HD and GOLD. The show received one of the highest ratings of the week making it into the top thirty.
DVD release.
The UK DVD release was released on 23 October 2006. The release includes the 2005 Christmas Special, a short special entitled 'Grass Roots' and a short documentary on 'Rocky'.
Conception.
This episode was designed to introduce the characters of Bryan, Jed and Mrs Cakeworthy – staff that Boycie didn’t know existed. The episode works as a set-up that shows the viewers the Boyce’s new lives and how their sudden move to Winterdown Farm has affected them. The episode was also needed to introduce Boycie’s first animal – Rocky the Bull.
Locations.
The Green Green Grass is filmed at two main locations. Teddington Studios is used to film interior scenes whilst John Challis’s actual manor house. The surrounding area is also used for filming whilst a local farmer provides the livestock.
Casting.
This episode sees the first appearance of Bryan as played by Ivan Kaye. The episode all sees the first appearance of Jed as played by Peter Heppelthwaite and Mrs Cakeworthy as played by Ella Kenion. This episode is the only episode in the first series to only feature the main cast. No guest stars or regulars appear in this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="20841038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841038" title="Xarnego">
Xarnego

Xarnego (, from or "nocharniego" 'nocturn') is a pejorative or descriptive term used primarily in the 1950s-70s in the Catalonia region of Spain to denote a person who had immigrated to Catalonia (typically due to a depressed economy in their place of origin) from other parts of Spain, often Andalusia, but who did not speak or learn Catalan, the primary language spoken in the region and one of Spain's four official languages. A xarnego can also be someone born in Catalonia with immigrant or mixed heritage. The word is never used to refer to the latest wave of immigrants from outside of Spain - it has a historical nature.
The original meaning of the word in Spanish was a type of 'greyhound', although this has changed a great deal over the course of several centuries of use. The latest meaning of the word came about in the 1950s and 1960s due to massive immigration from other Spanish speaking regions of Spain to Catalonia. 
The majority of immigrants did not take up speaking Catalan or learning Catalan traditions based upon the premise that while they had moved, they were still within Spain, which at the time, due to fascist policies of Franco, considered Spanish the only official language of the country. Catalan was banned from being taught in schools and even being spoken in public, although it was spoken in private and returned to the public sphere upon the death of Franco and democratization of Spain in 1978.
The Spanish counterpart to "xarnego" in the despective sense is "polaco" to designate the Catalans.
A related word is "guiri", used throughout Spain to designate a foreigner, usually a tourist from the Anglo-Saxon or Northern European sphere. In the Land of Valencia, the term "xurro" (from Spanish "churro") is used for the speakers of inland Valencia who do not speak Valencian/Catalan, but speak a Castilian dialect with Aragonese and Valencian features (Churro Castilian).

</doc>
<doc id="20841040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841040" title="The Country Wife (The Green Green Grass)">
The Country Wife (The Green Green Grass)

The Country Wife is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 23 September 2005, as the third episode of series one.
Synopsis.
Marlene tries her hand at country cooking, despite the warnings from her husband and her son. She demands Boycie goes and picks some berries of the many bushes in their fields even though he is reluctant to do so Boycie takes the basket and leaves. Whilst Boycie is picking berries he meets their next door neighbor - the mad Welsh man, Llewellyn who holds a shotgun to his head whilst giving a lecture about Wales.
Llewellyn latter holds Rocky for ransom when he wanders onto his land. Boycie then seeks legal advice and is told that he has to pay the mad Welsh man.
Production, broadcast and reception.
Writing.
This episode was written by John Sullivan, writer of "Only Fools and Horses". The whole of the first series was written entirely by John Sullivan.
Broadcast.
During its original airing, the episode had a viewing audience of 5.86 million, in the 9pm timeslot it was shown. This is the same audiences that sitcoms such as "My Family" attract.
This episode has since been re-run on BBC1, BBC HD and GOLD. The show received one of the highest ratings of the week making it into the top thirty.
DVD release.
The UK DVD release was released on 23 October 2006. The release includes the 2005 Christmas Special, a short special entitled 'Grass Roots' and a short documentary on 'Rocky'.
References To Only Fools and Horses.
This episode is the first episode of the spin-off comedy series to follow an individual storyline. The episode sees the introduction of series regular, Llewellyn as played by Alan David. The plot of this episode is later referred to in the fourth series episode, ‘Please Miss, I Don’t Want Anymore’. The last episode in the series to make reference to Only Fools and Horses.

</doc>
<doc id="20841059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841059" title="Star Wars Weekends">
Star Wars Weekends

Disney's "Star Wars" Weekends is a festival held annually at the Disney's Hollywood Studios theme park of the Walt Disney World Resort. Included with park admission, the event typically occurs on Friday, Saturday and Sunday for four consecutive weekends in May and June and features appearances by cast and crew members from Disney's "Star Wars" franchise created by George Lucas. Many original Disney characters also appear dressed as "Star Wars" characters, such as Jedi Mickey, Minnie as Leia, Donald as a Stormtrooper, Goofy as Darth Vader and R2-MK (Mickey Mouse stylized astromech droid). The festival began in 1997 and has been held in 2000, 2001, and annually since 2003.
Attractions.
Jedi Training Academy.
Despite being featured daily throughout the year, this attaction is especially popular during "Star Wars" Weekends. Sixteen or more children are chosen from the audience as Jedi Younglings to participate in a training session by the Jedi Master. They are provided training lightsabers and Jedi robes. As the master completes the instruction of a simple combination of lightsaber attacks to the children, Darth Vader, Darth Maul and a pair of stormtroopers appear. Each Jedi trainee faces off in turn with either Maul or Vader until the villains retreat back to the stage, outnumbered. The children, now Padawans, are congratulated on their mastering of the Force by Yoda, then return the training lightsabers and robe, and are given a diploma for their participation. A duplicate version of the interactive show also occurs daily, as a standalone event at the Tomorrowland Terrace in Disneyland.
Character appearances.
In addition to traditional Disney characters dressed in their "Star Wars" costumes, a number of "Star Wars" characters from the films and television series appear for photo opportunities and autograph signing. Characters have included "Clone Wars"‘ Captain Rex, Ahsoka Tano, Queen Amidala, Aurra Sing, Boba Fett, Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes, Princess Leia, Luke Skywalker, R2-D2, C-3PO, Chewbacca (often has a sack containing a busted C-3PO), Clonetroopers, Darth Maul, Darth Vader, Ewoks, Jango Fett, Jawas, Palpatine, Shaak Ti, Greedo, Stormtroopers, Tusken Raiders, Kit Fisto, Mace Windu, Anakin Skywalker, Boushh and Zam Wesell. Most appearances are in preset locations in front of themed backdrops but some characters freely roam the parks and pose for photos with guests as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20841064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841064" title="Weligama">
Weligama

Weligama is a town in Matara District, Southern Province, Sri Lanka, governed by an Urban Council. The term "Weligama" literally means "sandy village" which refers to the area's sandy sweep bay. Tourism & Fishing are two main business. Situated at a distance of 144 km from Colombo, Weligama is a popular tourist destination and hosts several boutique hotels. It is most famous for its distinct stilt fishermen and an off shore islet known as "Taprobane", where a dream house of French Count de Mauny was built, and is owned today by Geoffrey Dobbs (www.taprobaneisland.com). There are many sites of historical importance and tourist attractions within Weligama and its vicinity.
In Weligama there are Sinhalese, Moors (Arabs), Tamils, Malays and Burghers. Also, all major religions are represented in Weligama including Islam, Buddhism, Christianity (both Catholics and Protestants) and Hinduism.

</doc>
<doc id="20841065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841065" title="List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2009">
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2009

The "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks is a chart that ranks the best-performing Latin singles of the United States. Published by Billboard magazine, based collectively on each single's airplay. There were a total of 18 number-one Latin singles in 2009, although 19 claimed the top spot as Luis Fonsi's "No Me Doy Por Vencido" reached its peak position in 2008, and thus is excluded.
In 2009, six acts achieved their first U.S. number-one single either as a lead artist or a featured guest: Tito El "Bambino", Makano, Aleks Syntek, Noel Schajris, and Espinoza Paz. Nelly Furtado earned her first number-one Latin single as a solo artist in Spanish with "Manos Al Aire" from her first Spanish language album "Mi Plan". Luis Fonsi and Banda El Recodo each earned two number-one singles, while duo Wisin & Yandel earned 3 number-one singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20841093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841093" title="Ryan Podesta">
Ryan Podesta

Ryan Podesta is a professional paintball player, and founder of the company "Thirty First Paintball".
Paintball career.
Ryan Podesta was a member of the North Californian "Momma's Boys" paintball team, in which they won the rookie division during its first year. Podesta completed a psychology degree at Sonoma State University in 2005, and in 2006 Podesta joined the "Orange County Bushwackers". With his paintball experience, he started the "Thirty First Paintball" company located in Petaluma, California, helps paintball venues design fields (such as at "Escape Entertainments" facility in Rohnert Park, California), and assists the United States military around the world by constructing team-building programs for soldiers transitioning from war. Podesta appears in the Activision video game NPPL Championship Paintball 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20841103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841103" title="George Kahler">
George Kahler

George Runnells "Krum" Kahler (September 6, 1889 – February 7, 1924) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball from Athens, Ohio. He played for the Cleveland Naps from 1910 to 1914.
The spelling of Kahler's last name has varied in different newspapers, yearbooks and publications throughout his entire life. Kahler is sometimes spelled "Kaler" depending on the publication. The origin and spelling of his nickname "Krum" is unknown. It was occasionally spelled "Crum" in some articles.
Early life.
Kahler attended Athens High School and Ohio University of his hometown. His sister also became a faculty member in OU's English department later in her life. He grew up as a three-sport athlete, playing baseball, football and basketball. He was originally a third baseman, but eventually made the move to pitcher. In football, Kahler was a remarkable fullback. A local newspaper named him the "best OU fullback of the past twenty-five years" in the 1920s.
The student body admired Kahler for his athletic ability and good character. An article about him in the 1909 Ohio University Athena yearbook described him as talented at a young age: "At the age of 2 months he could walk. At the age of 2 years he could throw a stone from his back window hitting 4 out of 6 passersby. At the age of 4 years he never missed."
Professional baseball career.
Upon his graduation from OU, Kahler signed with Lima, a semi-professional baseball team. In late 1909 he moved to the Columbus Senators of the American Association, making $150 per month to start. He had an outstanding 20-7 record starting for the Senators. In 1910 he was sold to the Cleveland Naps, boosting his salary to $300 per month and making him the first OU graduate to make it to the MLB.
Kahler was the second pitcher to use the emery ball, after Russ Ford. This now-illegal pitch consisted of scarring the ball to be able to achieve unnatural movement. He learned this trick while playing in the minors.
Kahler had a relatively large stature for a pitcher; he was listed as about 6 feet tall and weighed approximately 183 pounds. This was sometimes a disadvantage for him. His large stature delayed his pitching delivery, making base stealing much easier for base runners.
Kahler joined the majors during a period known as the dead-ball era, a time when pitching dominated and batting was more strategic. In 1911 he was awarded a $600 bonus for finishing the season with an even or above pitching record.
Kahler had a confrontation with Detroit Tigers outfielder Ty Cobb in the 1912 season. Kahler hit Cobb with a pitch early in the season, infuriating Cobb and causing him to plan his retaliation. On April 22, 1912, Cobb and Kahler faced off again. This time Cobb hit a grounder to first base. As Kahler ran to cover the first base bag, Cobb tried to injure him with his cleats but missed in his attempt and fell to ground. Kahler, knowing Cobb's intention, stood over him and threatened to "put him out for the rest of the season" if he did it again.
Kahler was known for his toughness on the mound. He played through a slipped tendon in his throwing arm for 14 innings against Toledo. In one game, he knocked down a line drive with his bare hand and was also hit in the ankle and shoulder by hard hit balls yet still pitched 11 innings against Minneapolis.
Hall of Fame player and manager Connie Mack described Kahler as "a man who can win against odds; one who will live through a lot of hits and come out with a victory."
From Cleveland, he was sold to Portland of the Pacific Coast League where he immediately became the highest paid player in the league. He bounced around several minor league teams, going 13-7, until he was released by the Columbus Senators on June 11, 1917.
Post-baseball career.
When his baseball career ended, Kahler enrolled in the American School of Osteopathy in Kirksville, Missouri. While pursuing his degree, Kahler also managed the school's baseball team and assisted in coaching the basketball and football teams. He also was the president of the Student Athletic Association, president of the Study Body of the National Osteopathic Organization, business manager of the annual student publication and class valedictorian. He graduated in 1921.
He also enrolled in the School of Osteopathy in Detroit where he met his wife. He practiced osteopathy for the remainder of his life. One of his most famous practices was his treatment of fellow baseball player Marvin Goodwin.
Though strong and athletic, Kahler still suffered from chronic nephritis and diabetes, leading to his death on February 7, 1924 in Battle Creek, Virginia at the age of 34. He is buried in the West Union Street cemetery in Athens, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20841115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841115" title="Shahnaz">
Shahnaz

Shahnaz or Shehnaz is a given name, generally to a baby girl. It means "Pride of a king" from Persian elements Shah "king" and Naaz "pride".
Shahnaaz is a female Dari name that can be translated in English as "sweet music".
Also spelled Shahnaz or Shaanaaz-Shaan in Hindi means: stately, elegant, a style of eloquence, "Naaz": pride

</doc>
<doc id="20841116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841116" title="Rothesay Regional Police Force">
Rothesay Regional Police Force

Rothesay Regional Police Force (RRPF) is the police force responsible for Towns of Rothesay and Quispamsis in the province of New Brunswick, Canada. The 31-men force is currently headed by Chief of Police Stephen N. McIntyre with the support of 7 auxiliary members.
The force was originally created in 1951 as the Rothesay Police Department with only one police officer. The department eventually expanded in 1984 to six neighbouring communities and the RRPF was established. The seven communities amalgamated in 1998 into two towns which is the basis of existence of the current RRPF. 
The force currently operates with 5 sections - General Investigations, Firearms, Traffic, Identification and Court section. Additionally, there are victim services unit, a dispatch centre and a public relations department. The force also operates 3 community policing offices that are run by volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="20841136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841136" title="Branden Nadon">
Branden Nadon

Branden Nadon is a Canadian actor who first appeared in the 2001 Canadian film "Jet Boy".
Branden was born in Calgary, but moved to Kelowna, B.C. when he was very young. He started out by attending a modeling workshop in Kelowna. From there, the instructors sent him to an agent, who promptly got him work doing TV commercials and enrolled him in an acting workshop in Vancouver. This led to an audition for the role in "Jet Boy".
Nadon has also appeared in the mini-series "Living with the Dead" and "Taken" as well as a role in "Agent Cody Banks".
Nadon, took a break from acting to go and work for his father, however in 2010 Nadon, told David Schultz (writer and director of JetBoy) that he's back in Vancouver and working as a stuntman.

</doc>
<doc id="20841137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841137" title="Bob Kaiser">
Bob Kaiser

Robert Thomas Kaiser (born April 29, 1950 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher, a left-handed reliever who appeared in five games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1971 season. Kaiser stood tall and weighed .
Selected in the second round in the 1968 Major League Baseball Draft, Kaiser was recalled by Cleveland after spending the 1971 season at three levels of minor league baseball, Class A through Triple-A. In his MLB debut, he surrendered a home run to the first batter he faced, Duane Josephson of the Boston Red Sox. But he finished the inning strongly by striking out a future Hall of Famer, Carl Yastrzemski.
All told, he allowed eight hits and three earned runs in six MLB innings pitched, with three bases on balls and four strikeouts. He did not record a save.

</doc>
<doc id="20841138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841138" title="Crimidine">
Crimidine

Crimidine is a convulsant poison used as a rodenticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20841164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841164" title="Paul Kardow">
Paul Kardow

Paul Otto Kardow (September 19, 1915 – April 27, 1968), nicknamed "Tex", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1936 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20841168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841168" title="Stuart Flinders">
Stuart Flinders

Stuart Flinders (born December 1960, Bolton) is a journalist, reporter and occasional presenter for BBC North West Tonight. Flinders grew up in Bolton and is a supporter of Bolton Wanderers Football Club. In 2008 he spent six months working for the BBC News channel and presented some weekend bulletins on BBC 1 during that period. He also occasionally presents BBC Radio 4 program You and Yours. Prior to working for the BBC he spent a short period working for printed media in Australia. He also regularly presents concerts for BBC Radio 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20841176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841176" title="Darrin Doyle">
Darrin Doyle

Darrin Doyle is an American writer and college professor. Doyle grew up in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Doyle graduated from Western Michigan University with an MFA (1999), and the University of Cincinnati with a Ph.D. in comparative literature (2006). During his time at Western Michigan University, Doyle performed in local bands. Doyle currently teaches at Central Michigan University, where he is an assistant professor, and has had short stories published in Puerto del Sol, The Long Story, Cottonwood, Night Train, Alaska Quarterly Review, The Laurel Review, H_NGM_N, Harpur Palate, and other journals.
Work Available Online.
http://www.nighttrainmagazine.com/contents/doyle_7_2.php
http://www.waccamawjournal.com/pages.html?x=152
http://www.h-ngm-n.com/h_ngm_n-7/darrin-doyle.html
References.
http://www.darrindoyle.com/ 
http://www.lsu.edu/lsupress/bookPages/9780807134344.html
http://www.mlive.com/entertainment/kalamazoo/index.ssf/2009/04/author_darrin_doyle_no_there_r.html
http://www.keyholemagazine.com/interview/writers-respond/darrin-doyle

</doc>
<doc id="20841187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841187" title="Dave Keefe">
Dave Keefe

David Edwin Keefe (January 9, 1897 – February 4, 1978) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for five seasons. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics in 1917 and from 1919 to 1921 and the Cleveland Indians in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20841200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841200" title="Association of American Physicians">
Association of American Physicians

The Association of American Physicians (AAP) is a politically liberal medical society founded in 1885 by the Canadian physician Sir William Osler and six other distinguished physicians of his era, for "the advancement of scientific and practical medicine." Election to the AAP is an honor extended to individuals with outstanding credentials in biomedical science and/or translational biomedical research, and is limited to 60 persons per year. The AAP includes about 1000 active members and 550 emeritus and honorary members. The great majority are US citizens. However, other countries are also represented. The AAP holds a joint meeting each year with the American Society for Clinical Investigation (ASCI), another honorary medical society with closely related goals. AAP was the parent organization that gave birth to ASCI in 1908, with the latter organization intended as a more inclusive body, accessible to younger members of the medical research community. Membership in ASCI is also an honor conferred by election, and often precedes membership in AAP.
The overarching goals of the AAP include the promotion of professional and social interaction among biomedical scientists, the dissemination of important information related to biomedical science and teaching, the recognition of outstanding scientists through membership, and the establishment of role models to kindle new generations of high achievers in medicine and medical science.
The range of topics studied by members of the AAP is as broad as medicine itself, ranging from fundamental biological questions to translational research (development and testing of new treatments) to public policy issues. The Transactions of the Association of American Physicians, published until 1995, recorded the presentations of members at the annual meeting. In that year, the Transactions was replaced by a bimonthly publication (Proceedings of the Association of American Physicians). The Proceedings is no longer published.
The AAP honors selected scientists with the George M. Kober medal, for outstanding contributions to medicine or medical science.
History.
The AAP held its first meeting in 1886. Some of the most important advances in biomedical science were first reported at annual AAP meetings. These included the discovery of insulin by Banting and Macleod in 1922, and discovery, by Minot and Murphy in 1926, that pernicious anemia could be treated by feeding patients extracts of raw liver.
Members of the AAP have included Nobel laureates, and members of the United States National Academy of Sciences and the Institute of Medicine. Living members of the AAP who have also been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine include Barry Marshall, Stanley Prusiner, Michael S. Brown, Joseph L. Goldstein, E. Donnall Thomas, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20841201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841201" title="Amalda northlandica">
Amalda northlandica

Amalda northlandica, common name the Northland olive, is a medium-sized sea snail, a gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae, the olives.

</doc>
<doc id="20841204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841204" title="Oliver Bernard">
Oliver Bernard

Oliver Bernard (6 December 1925 - 1 June 2013) was an English poet and translator. Bernard is most famous for translating Arthur Rimbaud into English as part of the Penguin Classics collection.
Oliver Bernard was born in London, the son of Oliver Percy Bernard OBE (architect, scenic, graphic and industrial designer) and (Edith) Dora Hodges (opera singer, stage name Fedora Rosell). He and his two brothers, art critic and photographer Bruce Bernard and the journalist Jeffrey Bernard, were prominent in London's literary and artistic scene in the mid-twentieth century.
Bernard published a book of memoirs. Tony Benn wrote of Oliver Bernard, "Oliver Bernard's "Peace Poems" are sensitive and perceptive in their description of the militaristic society which imprisons us all. They also offer some comforting visions of life as it could be if we release the compassion that is in us all."
Bernard was a third cousin to the celebrated film and stage actor Stanley Holloway by way of his father, Oliver Percy Bernard, who was Holloway's second cousin. He was distantly related to the former model Sophie Dahl, the granddaughter of Stanley Holloway.

</doc>
<doc id="20841210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841210" title="Mehar Chand Bhaskar">
Mehar Chand Bhaskar

Mehar Chand Bhaskar is a former Indian national weight lifter.
He won gold medal at 1982 and 1988 Commonwealth Games. He also participated in 1986 Asian Games Bronze medallists at Seoul . He was awarded Arjuna Award. He hails from Rajasthan and served Indian army.

</doc>
<doc id="20841211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841211" title="Weisdale Mill">
Weisdale Mill

Weisdale Mill is a watermill in the village of Weisdale, Shetland. It is located near the head of Weisdale Voe on the west of the island, a twenty-minute drive from the main town of Lerwick.
History.
Weisdale Mill was built in 1855 and was Shetland's largest corn mill.
The Weisdale Mill was a busy working mill for many years until the early 1930s. Crofters and farmers came from some considerable distance to get their oats and corn ground into meal and flour. With very little in the way of transport people walked long distances with their crops which then had to be left at the mill and collected at a later date. Some crofters came up the Weidale Voe by boat as far as they could and then walked the short distance to the mill. 
In 1936 it was bought by a local farmer (Tony Anderson) and was converted into a slaughter house and butcher shop. The slaughter house was in the basement(where the cafe is now). The ground floor was used for the butcher shop. The top floor was used for storage and was often used to salt sheepskins before they were sold. The butcher shop and slaughter house were very busy particularly during the war years when large numbers of men from the forces were stationed at Scatsta. They also ran a large walk-in butcher van which visited many areas of Shetland daily selling beef and lamb.
During the war the mill was actually hit by enemy fire and some bullets came in the back door which was open at the time. Fortunately no one was hurt.
In 1982 it ceased to function as a butcher shop and slaughter house. It stood empty for some time but after extensive renovations, completed in 1994, the site is now managed by Shetland Arts and contains the Bonhoga Gallery (an art gallery whose name means "my spiritual home"), the Mill Cafe and a gift shop.

</doc>
<doc id="20841213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841213" title="Tom Kelley (baseball)">
Tom Kelley (baseball)

Thomas Henry Kelley (born January 5, 1944 in Manchester, Connecticut) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for seven seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1964 to 1967 and the Atlanta Braves from 1971 to 1973. The right-hander stood tall and weighed .
Kelley appeared in 104 Major League games and 408 innings pitched, allowing 400 hits and 207 bases on balls, with 234 strikeouts. His best MLB season was , when he won nine of 14 decisions for the Braves, with five complete games and an earned run average of 2.96.

</doc>
<doc id="20841228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841228" title="Contemporary Music Project">
Contemporary Music Project

In 1957, the Ford Foundation began to explore the relationship between arts and American society. Resulting from a suggestion by Norman Dello Joio, the Young Composers Project (YCP) was founded in 1959. Funded by the Ford Foundation and administered by the National Music Council, the project placed young composers (age 35 and under) in public school systems as composers-in-residence.
From 1959 to 1962, 31 composers participated in the project. They discovered that many music educators were not prepared to deal with contemporary music. In 1962 the YCP was elevated from a pilot program to one of the ten major projects of the Ford Foundation. The Music Educators National Conference () submitted a proposal to the Ford Foundation that the project be expanded to include seminars and workshops on contemporary music in the schools, and that pilot programs be established in public schools. In 1963 the Ford Foundation awarded MENC a grant of $1,380,000 to organize the Contemporary Music Project for Creativity in Music Education. YCP continued under the title Composers in Public Schools. By 1968, 46 more composers had been matched with public school systems. 
One of the first activities of the Contemporary Music Project was the establishment of 16 workshops and seminars held at various colleges throughout the country to help teachers better understand contemporary music. Six pilot projects were established in schools, including the Baltimore, San Diego, and Farmingdale, New York systems. 
In 1965 the Seminar on Comprehensive Musicianship was held at Northwestern University. Its purpose was to develop and implement means of improving the education of music teachers. In 1967 a symposium was held at Arlie House in Warrenton, Virginia to discuss means of evaluating Comprehensive Musicianship. The resultant document, "Procedures for Evaluation of Music in Contemporary Education", offers guidelines for the evaluation of techniques and attitudes acquired through comprehensive musicianship studies. 
In 1968 the Ford Foundation gave MENC a grant of $1,340,000 to administer the Contemporary Music Project for an additional five years. MENC contributed $50,000 per year. From 1968 to 1973 the Contemporary Music Project consisted of three programs: Professionals-in-Residence to Communities, the Teaching of Comprehensive Musicianship, and Complementary Activities.
Bibliography.
Mark, M. (1986). Contemporary Music Education. New York: Schirmer Books.

</doc>
<doc id="20841238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841238" title="Bob Kelly (baseball)">
Bob Kelly (baseball)

Robert Edward Kelly (born October 4, 1927) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons for the Chicago Cubs from 1951 to 1953, the Cinacinnati Redlegs in 1953 and 1958, and the Cleveland Indians in 1958.
Kelly led East Cleveland Shaw High School to a state title in 1944, compiling a 7-2 record in 13 games with 75 strikeouts. He attended Purdue University, where he played college baseball for the Boilermakers from 1946–1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20841242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841242" title="Norbormide">
Norbormide

Norbormide (Raticate, Shoxin) is a toxic compound used as a rodenticide. It has several mechanisms of action, acting as a vasoconstrictor and calcium channel blocker, but is selectively toxic to rats and has relatively low toxicity to other species, due to a species specific action of opening the permeability transition pores in rat mitochondria.

</doc>
<doc id="20841251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841251" title="2005 Premier League Snooker (2005/06)">
2005 Premier League Snooker (2005/06)

The 2005 Betfred Premier League Snooker professional non-ranking snooker tournament in the 2005/06 season was played from 15 September to 4 December 2005.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won in the final 6–0 against Stephen Hendry.
__TOC__
League phase.
Top four qualified for the play-offs. If points were level then most frames won determined their positions. If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions. If that ended 3–3 then the player who got to three first was higher. (Breaks above 50 shown between (parentheses), century breaks shown in bold.)
Play-offs.
3–4 December – G-Mex, Manchester, England

</doc>
<doc id="20841271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841271" title="Lotus Flower Tower">
Lotus Flower Tower

The Lotus Flower Tower is a peak in the Cirque of the Unclimbables, Northwest Territories, Canada. It is located on the ridge one km southwest of Mount Sir James MacBrien, and though it is not prominent in relation to surrounding peaks, it is noted for its sheer rock walls which are home to classic alpine rock climbs.
The first ascent was made by William J. Buckingham and party on July 16, 1960, via a traverse from "Tathagata Tower" along the ridge which connects Lotus Flower Tower to Mount Sir James MacBrien. The peak's second ascent and first ascent of the sheer 2200 foot southeast face was made in 1968 by Harthon "Sandy" Bill, Tom Frost, and James McCarthy. 
The first free ascent of the McCarthy-Frost-Bill route was completed by Steve Levin, Mark Robinson and Sandy Stewart in 1977.
The striking route was recognized as one of the "Fifty Classic Climbs of North America" and has been called "one of the most aesthetically beautiful rock faces in the world".

</doc>
<doc id="20841273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841273" title="Tuninter Flight 1153">
Tuninter Flight 1153

Tuninter Flight 1153 was a Tuninter Airlines flight from Bari International Airport in Bari, Italy, to Djerba-Zarzis Airport in Djerba, Tunisia. On 6 August 2005, the Tuninter ATR-72 ditched into the Mediterranean Sea about 18 miles (29 km) from the city of Palermo. 16 of the 39 people on board died. The accident resulted from engine fuel exhaustion due to the installation of fuel quantity indicators designed for the ATR 42, in the larger ATR 72.
History.
The flight was under the command of 45-year-old Captain Chafik Al Gharbi (شفيق الغربي), a skilled and experienced pilot with a total of 7,182 flight hours. The co-pilot, 28-year-old Ali Kebaier Al-Aswad (علي كبيّر الأسود), had logged 2,431 flight hours. Both the captain and co-pilot were well-acquainted with the ATR 72, having accrued 5,582 hours and 2,130 hours in it, respectively. 
The aircraft, an ATR 72-202, had its fuel quantity indicator (FQI) replaced the night before the flight, but technicians inadvertently installed a FQI designed for the ATR 42, a similar but smaller airplane with smaller fuel tanks. Ground crews and the flight engineer, relying on the incorrect readings from the newly installed FQI, loaded the aircraft with an inadequate amount of fuel for the flight.
On the flight from Bari to Djerba, both engines cut out in mid-flight. The aircraft's right engine failed at 23,000 feet (7,000 metres). The aircraft began to descend to 17,000 feet, but 100 seconds after the right engine failure, the left engine also failed. The flight crew did not detect the fuel exhaustion because the incorrectly installed ATR 42 gauge indicated an adequate amount of fuel in the tanks, even after all of the usable fuel had been consumed. After the engine failure, the Captain requested an emergency landing in Palermo, Sicily. The crew tried repeatedly but unsuccessfully to restart the engines as they navigated to Palermo. The ATR glided for 16 minutes, but was unable to reach the runway and the plane was forced to ditch into the sea, 23 nautical miles (43 kilometres) northeast of Palermo International Airport. The aircraft broke into three sections upon impact.
The entire aircraft floated for some time after the crash, but only the central fuselage and the wings remained floating. Patrol boats from Palermo arrived 46 minutes after the ditching and began the rescue and recovery.
Passengers.
One of the four crew members died—a flight attendant—and 15 out of the 35 passengers died. The engineer who died was not a part of the flight crew but had been called to the flight deck by the pilot and copilot after both engines failed; because he was not officially part of the crew, his death was accounted for as a passenger death. The flight's other flight attendant survived. All of the paying passengers were Italian, while the crew and the engineer were Tunisian. Autopsies indicated that many of the dead succumbed to the impact. Autopsies established that eight passengers who received injuries during the impact were unable to escape from the aircraft due to their injuries and ultimately drowned. Most of the survivors were seated in the rear of the ATR 72, while most of the passengers who died were in the front. Three dead passengers, including the engineer who tried to help the plane's crew, were found on the seabed. The ANSV stated that the cause of death of these passengers was difficult to determine.
Investigation.
The investigation revealed several factors leading to the crash.
Simulation results suggest that handled optimally, the ATR could have reached Palermo with the tail wind of that day. Two crews flew a simulator at ATR's facility in France from the same starting conditions. By feathering the propellers and reducing the speed to the optimal gliding speed, one made a landing at Palermo and one ditched one mile short of the runway. The fundamental difference was that the simulator pilots knew what was happening and responded accordingly. In contrast, the Captain of the Tuninter ATR focused initially on trying to restart the engines in the hope they would respond, not knowing that this was impossible as the aircraft was out of fuel. When the engines could not be restarted, the Captain focused on selecting a place to ditch the aircraft. Unlike the simulator pilots, Gharbi had a lack of instruments and experienced radio interruptions. The final investigative report suggested that airlines train their pilots to deal with unusual situations.
Aftermath.
Tuninter compensated each family of a victim or survivor with €20,000. On 7 September 2005 the Italian government banned Tuninter from flying into Italian airspace. Tuninter rebranded itself as Sevenair and had scheduled flights into Italy again as of 2007.
Criminal conviction.
In March 2009, an Italian court sentenced the pilot, Chafik Garbi, to 10 years in prison for manslaughter. Prosecutors said that after the plane's engines stopped functioning, Garbi failed to follow emergency procedures, and that he could possibly have reached runway 25 of Palermo "Punta Raisi" Airport, or even the standard runway 20. Witnesses say he succumbed to panic and began praying out loud, rather than attempting to maneuver the plane to the nearest airport. The last five minutes of the cockpit voice recorder audio have a few scattered seconds of religiously oriented interjections such as "God save us!", with the pilot repeatedly telling ATC that the plane is too far out to make it to land, carefully selecting a ship to splash down near to, and repeatedly trying to restart the engines.
Six others, including the co-pilot as well as the Chief Operating Officer of Tuninter Airlines, were sentenced to between eight and 10 years. They will not serve time until the appeals process is completed.
Controversy.
Criminal investigation and subsequent sentencing caused considerable controversy in Tunisia and in lesser extent, also in civil aviation world. Official investigation was blamed as one-sided and ignoring mistakes made by Italian air traffic controllers. Unedited cockpit recordings leaked to public demonstrated Palermo Air Traffic Controller having poor grasp of English, failing to assign flight in distress its own frequency, and giving them incomplete or useless information about their position. These recordings were omitted from official investigation report. The International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations protested the flight crews' criminal sentences, calling investigation "injustice" and sentences "flawed".
Dramatization.
The story of the disaster was featured on the seventh season of Canadian National Geographic Channel show "Mayday" (known as "Air Emergency" in the US, "Mayday" in Ireland and "Air Crash Investigation" in the UK and the rest of world). The episode is entitled ""Falling Fast"".

</doc>
<doc id="20841277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841277" title="Jaume Fort">
Jaume Fort

Jaume Fort Mauri (born July 25, 1966) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Cardedeu.
In 1988 he was a member of the Spanish handball team which finished ninth in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches as goalkeeper.
Four years later he was part of the Spanish team which finished fifth in the 1992 Olympic tournament. He played five matches as goalkeeper.
At the 1996 Games he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played six matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20841285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841285" title="Harry Kirsch">
Harry Kirsch

Harry Louis Kirsch (October 17, 1887 – December 25, 1925), nickname "Casey", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in two games for the Cleveland Naps during the 1910 Cleveland Naps season.

</doc>
<doc id="20841286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841286" title="Avery Stafford">
Avery Stafford

Avery Stafford is a gospel and R&B vocalist from the United States.
Stafford was born in Los Angeles, CA in 1965, and grew up in Madera, California. He began singing Gospel music in church during his youth. In 1987, Stafford recorded an album with his singing group The Enlighteners in Fresno, CA entitled "So Good Inside." Two years later, Stafford moved to Abilene, TX, where he completed a Bachelor of Science degree in Christian Ministry from Abilene Christian University. In 1992, Stafford moved to Port Orchard, WA where he served as Youth Minister for the Port Orchard Church of Christ. There he wrote several songs that would later be recorded on his second and third albums, "Lift Up Your Voice" ('95) and "Come Bless Da Lord" ('96). In 1995, Stafford moved to Portland, OR where he enrolled in Multnomah Biblical Seminary, where he recorded second and third albums before completing a Master of Arts degree in Pastoral Studies in 1998. He created a vocal praise team called One A'Chord, featuring several voices of Portland area college students. That same year, he accepted the worship pastor position at El Camino Christian Church in Sunnyvale, CA. While there, he recorded his fourth album "Bridges".
During his tenure at Valley Church in Cupertino, CA, he recorded the album that began to give him recognition. "Undignified" was recorded in 2004 and released in 2005. Produced in the studio owned by Michael Toy, Avery was able to utilize Bay Area musicians who assisted in creating an award winning Independent release. Artists included Mark Kenoly, Tim Abbott, Tony Bolivar, Patrick Collins (also co-producer), and several others. "Undignified" earned Stafford two nominations from the 16th Annual Los Angeles International Awards for Christian Contemporary Male Vocalist of the Year and Song of the Year, as well as praise for his rendition of "How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved by You)". "Eyes of a Child" earned Stafford the March 2007 Winner award for Best Song in the Song of the Year International Songwriting Competition. In 2003 and 2006, Stafford was a featured performer at a Bay Area All Faiths Gospel Music Festival, and was a featured performer in a 2008 benefit concert for Castro Valley High School. In the Fall of 2008, he was also chosen by the Pure Gospo Awards Show as Best Solo Artist.
Stafford is now recording a new album being produced by Eddie M, in collaboration with Jon Gibson, tentatively entitled "End of Five". His albums are now distributed by Bookworld Music.He currently serves as Pastor of Worship Ministries for Trinity Church of Sunnyvale in the California Bay Area, where he began in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20841303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841303" title="Hopin, Kachin State">
Hopin, Kachin State

Hopin (; also Hobin) is a town in Mohnyin Township, Kachin State, in northeast Burma (Myanmar). It is situated on the main Mandalay – Myitkyina railway line, 745 miles north from Yangon. It is on the road between Mohnyin and Mogaung where the road to Ywathit and Indawgyi Lake takes off. It is 27 miles by road from Indawgyi Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20841305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841305" title="Samuel Beatty (mathematician)">
Samuel Beatty (mathematician)

Samuel Beatty (1881–1970) was dean of the Faculty of Mathematics at the University of Toronto Mississauga, taking the position in 1934.
Early life.
Beatty was born in 1881. In 1915, he graduated from the University of Toronto with a PhD and a dissertation entitled "Extensions of Results Concerning the Derivatives of an Algebraic Function of a Complex Variable", with the help of his adviser, John Charles Fields. He was the first person to receive a PhD in mathematics from a Canadian university. In 1926, he published a problem in the "American Mathematical Monthly", which formed the genesis for the Beatty sequence.
University of Toronto.
Beatty was dean of the Faculty of Mathematics at the University of Toronto Mississauga, taking the position in 1934. He invited Harold Scott MacDonald Coxeter to the University of Toronto with a position as an assistant professor, which Coxeter took; he remained in Toronto for the rest of his life. In June 1939, he was one of the founding members of the Committee of Teaching Staff. Beatty was appointed the 21st Chancellor of the University of Toronto in 1953, holding the position until 1959. He was associated with the university from 1911 to 1952, and a scholarship was established in his honor. He died in 1970.
Nobel Prize in Chemistry winner Walter Kohn, a student at the university while Beatty was a dean, expressed his appreciation in 1998 to the dean when accepting the prize for his development of the density functional theory. In 1942, when Kohn could not access the university's chemistry buildings during World War II because of his German nationality, Beatty had helped him to enroll in the Mathematics Department at the University.
Canadian Mathematical Society.
Beatty was one of the founders of the Canadian Mathematical Congress and was elected to serve as the first president of the congress in 1945. Under his presidency, the Canadian Mathematical Congress began to promote mathematical development in Canada. Beatty served as the president of the Canadian Mathematical Congress until 1978 at which point the congress was renamed the Canadian Mathematical Society to avoid further confusion with the quadrennial mathematical congresses. 
References.
Overview of the Canadian Mathematical Society http://cms.math.ca/Docs/cms-eng.html

</doc>
<doc id="20841317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841317" title="Fernando Hernández (handballer)">
Fernando Hernández (handballer)

Fernando Hernández Casado (born February 24, 1973) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Valladolid.
In 1996 he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played one match and scored three goals.
Eight years later he was a member of the Spanish handball team which finished seventh in the 2004 Olympic tournament. He played all eight matches and scored 15 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20841332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841332" title="Alpha-Naphthylthiourea">
Alpha-Naphthylthiourea

α-Naphthylthiourea (ANTU, Dirax) is an organosulfur compound. It is a derivative of thiourea and used as a rodenticide. It acts by inducing pulmonary edema and has relatively selective toxicity for rats.
Safety.
The substance is banned for use in plant protection by the UK government.

</doc>
<doc id="20841343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841343" title="Largo Bay">
Largo Bay

Largo Bay is on the northern shore of the Forth Estuary, on the coast of Fife in Scotland.
Lower Largo is a village right on the bay, with small harbour.
Upper Largo is adjacent, just inland and above the bay and at the foot of Largo Law "(an extinct volcano)".

</doc>
<doc id="20841360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841360" title="Wreck Island">
Wreck Island

Wreck Island is a small coral cay. It is located near the Tropic of Capricorn in the southern Great Barrier Reef, 93 km due north east of Gladstone, Queensland, Australia, and 460 km north of the state capital Brisbane.
The island is part of the Great Barrier Reef chain of islands, and is part of the Capricorn and Bunker Group of island and forms part of the Capricornia Cays National Park. It is also part of the Capricornia Cays Important Bird Area.
General.
Wreck Island is mainly formed from beach rock which is well developed along the southern beach. The island is situated on the south west end of a coral reef platform which is about 3.5 km by 1.5 km in size. The vegetation is similar to that on Tryon Island except that the Pisonia grandis forest is less well developed.
Geomorphology and landscape.
The Capricorn and Bunker Cays form part of a distinct geomorphic province at the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef. The cays and their reefs lie on the western marginal shelf, and are separated from the mainland by the Curtis Channel. The cays are not generally visible from the mainland, although Masthead Island may be viewed from Mount Larcom on a clear day.
Geologically the cays are young, having developed during the Holocene period; they are mostly around 5000 years old. The sea level was much lower during the last Ice Age (at the end of the Pleistocene period) and the coastal plane on which today's reefs and cays developed was completely exposed. Early in the Holocene (around 10,000 years ago) the sea level began to rise, until it stabilised at its present level around 6000 years ago. Once the sea level stabilised, it was possible for reef flats to expand and provide potential sites for the formation of cays.
Wreck Island is a shingle cay and part of a platform reef.
History.
Discovery.
In 1803, Captain Eber Bunker of the whaling ship "Albion" was the first European to discover the region and gave his name to the southern group.
During a second whaling voyage from England in the "Albion", he discovered the Bunker Islands off the Queensland coast.
The "Albion" was 362 tons and registered in London, the ship was fitted with 10 guns, and a crew of 26; she was built in Deptfordand, Britain ownered by, Messrs. Champion; and used for general cargo
The southern cays and reefs were first chartered between 1819 and 1821 by Lieutenant Phillip Parker King RN initially in the "Mermaid" and later in the "Bathurst". The main charting exercise for all the islands and reefs was carried out in 1843 under the command of Captain Francis Price Blackwood in which was accompanied by the "Bramble". The naturalist, Professor J. Beete Jukes, was on board the "Fly" and his published journal provides valuable information on some of the cays.
Other uses.
Wreck Island has been used for oil exploration and has a capped drill-hole dating from oil exploration activities which occurred over 30 years ago
There is also a derelict hut at Wreck Island from when the island was used as a private residence.
Ecology.
Natural.
Green turtle rookeries are located at Wreck Island, West Fairfax Island, and West Hoskyn Islands; these are maintained in a natural condition, free from human disturbance.
Up to eight seabird species breed on Masthead Island, One Tree Island and Wreck Island, and seven species are recorded from Tryon Island, Erskine Island and West Fairfax Islands. The Capricorn Silvereye, a small bird endemic to the southern Great Barrier Reef, is present.
White-bellied Sea Eagle Haliaeetus leucogaster breeds during the winter months on Wreck Island. While this species once nested on most of the cays of the Capricorn and Bunker Group but nest sites are now restricted to Tryon, North West, Wilson, Wreck, East Fairfax and West Hoskyn Islands.
Pests.
A population of black rats "Rattus rattus" was eradicated from Wreck Island in the late 1980s
Known shipwrecks on the reef.
America A Ship of 391 tons. The vessel was built Quebec, Canada, in 1827. Captain Robert Donal. The vessel "America" had taken convicts to Sydney in 1829 and to Hobart in 1831. En route from Sydney to Batavia, the vessel struck a reef near Bunker Island and was wrecked on 20 June 1831. The crew launched two boats and eventually reached Morton Bay. The whaling barque "Nelson" and the "Caledonia" were involved in salvage.
The Governor Philip, which arrived on Saturday last, from Moreton Bay and Port Macquarie, has brought up the crew of the ship "America", bound from Hobart Town to Batavia, which was unfortunately wrecked on a coral reef, on the Northern Loo Islands. This disastrous occurrence took place about 1 o'clock in the morning of the 20th of June, when the vessel was running under three topsails and a foresail, in the midst of a black showery squall. All the sails were immediately clewed up and stowed, the stream anchor stocked, and every exertion made to endeavour to heave off, but without effect; particularly as the darkness of the night and the heavy sea, rendered it quite impossible to lower a boat. The ship, meanwhile, continued heavily beating on the reef, and in about an hour after she struck, began to fill very fast. At 3 o'clock, there was about four-feet-water in the hold, and all the rudder-bands, the rudder-trunk, and part of the counter had been carried away. At day light, it was found that the ship had bilged, as the fore-hold was nearly half full of water. With considerable difficulty the long-boat and pinnace were got out, together with some provisions and other necessaries with which the crew made for a small island, on the same reef, about two miles N.N. W. of the wreck, where they remained until the boats were rigged, when they set sail for Moreton Bay, which place they reached on the 27th of June. 
The following are some interesting particulars of the proceedings of the crew, from the time the vessel struck up to their safe arrival at Moreton Bay:
Monday, June 20th_Early this day the ship's company were employed in getting out the long- boat and pinnace, which they at length accomplished, and loaded them with a few casks of provisions and water, and all the people's clothes. About 11 o'clock a. m. they left the ship and made for a small island about two miles off, and landed, after tome difficulty, on the reef, and the. crew employed themselves in carrying the light goods to the island, until high-water, when the long-boat und pinnace were safely discharged. The long-boat was anchored outside the reef, and the pinnnce hauled upon the beach. At high-water the reef is quite covered, but is dry at low-water. A tent was erected on the island, and the dry goods placed under it. The people caught a turtle this evening.
21st.-The pinnace was manned and proceeded to the wreck, out of which various goods were taken. A party was also sent in search of water, and to ascertain what the island produced. Not the least sign of water, nor a single fruit, of any kind, were found. The reef was covered with turtle, and the island abounded with birds, consisting, principally, of doves, magpies and sea fowl. This "day the people shifted their tent to a more convenient spot among some trees, and. Under all the circumstances, made a tolerably comfortable abitation. Weather hot and sultry. Lat."23 44'.
22d.-The pinnace and her crew were again dispatched to the wreck, and brought off various articles. A party also walked across the reef, to a dry part of which a rope was passed from the wreck, and by this means a great deal of property was saved. The labour, however, was excessive, owing, particularly, to the difficulty of walking on the reef, as the coral gave way almost at every step. The people's feet were dreadfully cut. A turtle was caught to-day, weighing: nearly 4 cwt. Crew all in good heath, and excellent spirits.
23d.-Every thing of any use had been removed by this time, and the long-boat made ready for sea. The water began to get very low, without any prospect of obtaining a further supply. All the boats were got ready, and the people determined to make for Moreton Bay.
24th to 30t/i.-Ready for sea, but waiting for a fair wind.
July 1st to 6th.-Wind still foul.
7th.-Early this morning the people put to sea with a fair wind at N.W. The day was remarkably fine, with a steady breeze throughout.
8th.-The weather very unfavourable ; sea running high, with a fresh breeze. A quantity of provisions, and other stores, had been thrown overboard, from the long boat, to keep her from swamping. In the course of the night of the 7th, the boats passed an island, for which they this day bore up, and towards night, got under its lee.
9th.-The crew landed ; took out all the boats cargo, and set to work to make them more sea-worthy. The main land of New South Wales was discernable from this island, on which the people remained till the 16th, when they were obliged to leave for want of water.
16th:-Sailed, and on the following morning the boats were under the main land. Nothing particular occurred this day (l7th) or night, during the whole of which the boats sailed under the land.
18th-About 12 o'clock p. m. the people went ashore on an island close to the main, where they fortunately found water, and having taken in a supply proceeded on their voyage.
The weather was in general fine from this time up to the 27th, when the shipwrecked mariners reached Moreton Bay in safety, where they were most kindly received, and every assistance afforded them by the Commandant, of whose gentlemanly and humane conduct the sailors are loud in praise.
This is the vessel (or the wreck) that gave the island its name during the main charting exercise for all the islands and reefs in this area carried out in 1843 under the command of Captain Francis Price Blackwood in which was accompanied by the "Bramble".
In 1841, Blackwood was appointed to command the corvette HMS "Fly" in the first hydrographic survey commissioned by the Admiralty for exploring and charting the north-east Australian coast. The "Fly", fitted with costly instruments, and carrying two scientists, Joseph Jukes, geologist, and John MacGillivray, zoologist, sailed from Falmouth in April 1842 with the cutter "Bramble", under the charge of Lieutenant Charles Bampfield Yule. After a stop in Hobart Town from August to October, the two ships called at Sydney and began the survey in December 1842.
In the next three years the "Fly" charted from Sandy Cape to Whitsunday Island, including Swain Reefs and Capricorn Islands and the broad passages between. On 7 January 1843 was the first time that the crew of the "Fly" set foot on the First Bunker Island (Lady Elliot Island) 
Jan 18 – Landed with Captain Blackwood on Wreck Island. This was so named for part of a vessel 6 or 700 tons. The island was about a quarter of a mile long and not more than 100 yards broad; a pile of sand covered by thick bushes.
Jan 21 Captain Blackwood and Mr Evans being ashore to "take sights" for the chronometers, found on the island some traces of the wrecked crew. On one tree was cut “The America, June 1831;” on another “Mary Ann Broughton;” on another “Capt. E. David;” and “Nelson November, 1831.” There were likewise the soles of a pair of child's shoes, some bottles, some broken dishes, and an old cask. I believe the wreck was that of a whaler, and that the crew were taken off by another whaler, as there were no signs of either graves or bones.

</doc>
<doc id="20841363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841363" title="Jordi Nuñez">
Jordi Nuñez

Jordi Núñez Carretero (born 19 September 1969 in Granollers, Barcelona) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played five matches as goalkeeper.
Four years later he won his second bronze medal with the Spanish handball team in the 2000 Olympic tournament. He played four matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20841367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841367" title="Gort cloud">
Gort cloud

The gort cloud is "a vast, largely invisible and growing (environmentally-aware) 'community' that sieves, measures and exchanges information on environmental (green) products and services." "The community includes NGOs, government agencies, certifying groups, academics, eco-tech specialists, business alliances, green media including green business news, sustainable designers, foundations, other social networks, conferences, trade shows, events, competitions, green blogs, special interest groups, and trendspotters—to name just a few." The book examines the marketing and brand-building experiences of sustainable businesses in America and discusses the gort cloud concept. It was critically reviewed by TreeHugger in December 2008.
The gort cloud is analogous to a social network: "A social network is a social structure made of nodes (which are generally individuals or organizations) that are tied by one or more specific types of interdependency, such as values, visions, ideas, financial exchange, friendship, kinship, dislike, conflict or trade." In this case, the shared values of the gort cloud are a concern for the environment and the desire for more sustainable products and services.
The gort cloud can thus be thought of as a particular type of social network with inherent social value. According to Robert Putnam, "social networks have value. Just as a screwdriver (physical capital) or a college education (human capital) can increase productivity (both individual and collective), so too social contacts affect the productivity of individuals and groups". In this case, the group goal is the increased production of sustainable and socially responsible goods and services, and the decreased use of unsustainable or socially irresponsible goods and services. The gort cloud is not limited to social networks; it contains green social networks.
Function.
Unlike social network services like Facebook or MySpace that "focus on building online communities of people who share interests and activities, or who are interested in exploring the interests and activities of others", nobody created the gort cloud, and no person or organization controls it. "The gort cloud is simply an interconnected group of people with a common cause: the health and preservation of our planet. But unlike consciously created social networks, no one dreamed up the gort cloud or organized it for a specific purpose. In fact, it's not organized. It just exists as a fluid community."
An example of the use of the gort cloud can be seen in the marketing of the book, The Green Collar Economy, written by Van Jones. Jones used outreach to the green community (gort cloud) and to other special interest communities to push his book up and onto the New York Times bestseller list. "Using a Web-based, viral marketing strategy, Jones and Green For All, an environmental organization he recently founded, worked to get the word out about his book far and wide. The result was a place—number 12 to be exact—on the New York Times Best Seller list in the book's first week."
How the gort cloud vets individual products and services.
The gort cloud vets green products and services in a process similar to academic peer review. Once a new green product is introduced, the 'community' will analyze it and judge it. Both experts and non-experts may investigate claims and check facts. "All this is made possible, of course, by the Internet — although the gort cloud is not simply a collection of websites. It is not an aspect of the Internet at all. It uses email and the Internet as well as book publishers, magazines, radio, television, trade shows and green events to communicate. The gort cloud is ultimately people and their organizations."
Origin of the term "gort cloud".
According to the book, "The Gort Cloud", the author created the name: 
The inspiration for that moniker lies in the Oort cloud, named after the astronomer Jan Hendrik Oort. The Oort cloud is a vast field of stellar debris that orbits the Solar System. We can only detect it electronically and view its effects, mostly in the form of the occasional comet it tosses back into our neighborhood. This seems to perfectly describe the gort cloud, a vast green network made up of untidy bits that is most easily detected through electronic means and that has a huge effect on the evolution of green business.

</doc>
<doc id="20841370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841370" title="Nonradiation condition">
Nonradiation condition

Classical nonradiation conditions define the conditions according to classical electromagnetism under which a distribution of accelerating charges will not emit electromagnetic radiation. According to the Larmor formula in classical electromagnetism, a single point charge under acceleration will emit electromagnetic radiation, i.e. light. In some classical electron models a distribution of charges can however be accelerated so that no radiation is emitted. The modern derivation of these nonradiation conditions by Hermann A. Haus is based on the Fourier components of the current produced by a moving point charge. It states that a distribution of accelerated charges will radiate if and only if it has Fourier components synchronous with waves traveling at the speed of light.
History.
Finding a nonradiating model for the electron on an atom dominated the early work on atomic models. In a planetary model of the atom, the orbiting point electron would constantly accelerate towards the nucleus, and thus according to the Larmor formula emit electromagnetic waves. In 1910 Paul Ehrenfest published a short paper on "Irregular electrical movements without magnetic and radiation fields" demonstrating that Maxwell’s equations allow for the existence of accelerating charge distributions which emit no radiation. The need for a nonradiating classical electron was however abandoned in 1913 by the Bohr model of the atom, which postulated that electrons orbiting the nucleus in particular circular orbits with fixed angular momentum and energy would not radiate. Modern atomic theory explains these stable quantum states with the help of Schrödinger's equation.
In the meanwhile, our understanding of classical nonradiation has been considerably advanced since 1925. Beginning as early as 1933, George Adolphus Schott published a surprising discovery that a charged sphere in accelerated motion (such as the electron orbiting the nucleus) may have radiationless orbits. Admitting that such speculation was out of fashion, he suggests that his solution may apply to the structure of the neutron. In 1948, Bohm and Weinstein also found that charge distributions may oscillate without radiation; they suggest that a solution which may apply to mesons. Then in 1964, Goedeke derived, for the first time, the general condition of nonradiation for an extended charge-current distribution, and produced many examples, some of which contained spin and could conceivably be used to describe fundamental particles. Goedeke was led by his discovery to speculate:
The nonradiation condition went largely ignored for many years. Philip Pearle reviews the subject in his 1982 article "Classical Electron Models". A Reed College undergraduate thesis on nonradiation in infinite planes and solenoids appears in 1984. An important advance occurred in 1986, when Hermann Haus derived Goedeke’s condition in a new way. Haus finds that all radiation is caused by Fourier components of the charge/current distribution that are lightlike (i.e. components that are synchronous with light speed). When a distribution has no lightlike Fourier components, such as a point charge in uniform motion, then there is no radiation. Haus uses his formulation to explain Cerenkov radiation in which the speed of light of the surrounding medium is less than "c".

</doc>
<doc id="20841377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841377" title="Ciccioli">
Ciccioli

Ciccioli is a food prepared from pig fat in the Italian district of Emilia Romagna and elsewhere in northern and central Italy. It is popular in Modena, Reggio Emilia, Bologna, Parma and Romagna.
"Ciccioli" is made by compressing, drying, and aging fatty, leftover pieces of pork. These scraps are compressed using a special press where the meat is wrapped in sack cloth, then slowly squeezed over several weeks to remove excess liquid. They can either be prepared in a wet preparation that can be sliced and served, or in a very dry, crunchy, chip-like form often called "ciccioli frolli".

</doc>
<doc id="20841380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841380" title="Middlesex College">
Middlesex College

Middlesex College was a fake college, established in 2003 for the purpose of issuing long-tern student visas to the UK. The college was originally based in Hayes, but later moved to premises in central London.
The college allegedly were offering courses in anything from fashion and business to computing and law at undergraduate and post-graduate level. The college claimed that some of these courses were being run on behalf of genuine universities.
The college ran only a small number of courses in basic English, and was largely a front for conning genuine students who wished to study in the UK and the authorities into granting visas for bogus students.
The founders of the college were arrested at their home addresses by the officers of the UK Border Agency from the criminal and financial investigation team in February 2009.
At the same time, the officers raided the premises of the college, seizing hundreds of documents relating to students and the college. They found the teaching areas at the college consisted of 4 small rooms. At the time, the college claimed to have around a thousand students enrolled.
The founders were also printing the signatures of genuine former members of staff on bogus qualification certificates and enrolment forms to add a cover of respectability.

</doc>
<doc id="20841393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841393" title="Egyptian–Ottoman War (1839–41)">
Egyptian–Ottoman War (1839–41)

The Second Egyptian–Ottoman War or Second Turko–Egyptian War lasted from 1839 until 1841 and was fought mainly in Syria, whence it is sometimes referred as the (Second) Syrian War.
In 1839, the Ottoman Empire moved to reoccupy lands lost to Muhammad Ali in the First Turko-Egyptian War. After suffering a defeat at the Battle of Nezib, the Ottoman Empire appeared on the verge of collapse. Britain, Austria and other European nations, rushed to intervene and force Egypt into accepting a peace treaty. The Ottoman Empire invaded Syria, and Hafiz Pasha, accompanied by Moltke, marched an army into Syria. Battle of Nezib: Hafiz Pasha's army was routed by the Egyptian army under the command of Ibrahim Pasha. On July 1, the Ottoman fleet sailed to Alexandria and surrendered to Muhammad Ali. From September to November 1840, a combined naval fleet, made up of British and Austrian vessels, cut off Ibrahim's sea communications with Egypt. This is followed by the occupation of Beirut and Acre by the British. On November 27, 1840, the Convention of Alexandria took place. British Admiral Charles Napier reached an agreement with the Egyptian government, thereby abandoning claims to Syria and returned the Ottoman fleet. In February 1841, Ibrahim left Syria and returned to Egypt.
Origins.
The war was the climax of the long power-struggle between the Ottoman Empire and the wily, aggressive Pasha of Egypt, Mehmet Ali, which had reached a point of crisis that threatened to destabilize the whole of the Levant.
On June 29, 1839 an invading Ottoman army was destroyed in Syria by Mehmet's general Ibrahim Pasha at the Battle of Nezib, putting him in possession of the whole of Syria, which threatened to place Constantinople itself and the rule of the entire Eastern Mediterranean within his grasp. A few days after the battle the Ottoman Sultan, Mahmud II, died, leaving his Empire in the hands of his 16-year-old heir Abdülmecid. Meanwhile the Ottoman fleet had defected to Mehmet Ali. Britain, Russia and Austria were all pledged to support the tottering Ottoman Empire and to force Mehmed Ali (who had the support of France and Spain) to withdraw from Syria.
Although the new Sultan's ministers moved to resolve the crisis by offering to cede the rule of Syria to Mehmet, the British, Austrian and Russian ambassadors forced them to rescind this offer and stand firm against him. There was even a possibility of war with France, who looked to Mehmet's success to increase its sphere of influence in the Near East.
Naval intervention in Syria.
In June 1840 Admiral Sir Robert Stopford, commanding the British Mediterranean Fleet, sent Commodore Charles Napier with a small squadron to the Syrian (now the Lebanese) coast. He was then ordered to proceed to Beirut to compel the Egyptians to withdraw. The situation on the ground was extremely volatile, and called for quick and decisive action; this Napier provided, acting as if his was an entirely independent command.
On August 11, 1840, Napier's ships appeared off Beirut and he called upon Suleiman Pasha, Mehmet's governor, to abandon the town and leave Syria, whose population shortly revolted against Mehmet's occupying army. With such a small force, there was little that Napier could do against fifteen-thousand Egyptian troops until September, when the Stopford's ships joined up with him. Open war broke out on September 11, when Napier bombarded Beirut and effected a landing at Junieh with 1,500 Turks and Marines to operate against Ibrahim, who was prevented by the revolt from doing more than trying to hold the coastal cities.
Sidon, Nahr-el-Kelb and Boharsef.
Due to the illness of the Brigadier-General of the army, Sir Charles Smith, Napier was instructed to command the land force and made a successful sortie against a force of Albanians at Nahr-el-Kelb (Kelbson). He then, with a mixed squadron of British, Turkish and Austrian ships, bombarded Sidon on September 26 and landed with the storming column. Sidon capitulated in two days. While preparing to attack the Egyptian positions on the heights of Boharsef, Napier received an order to retire from the command of the land forces to make way for Brigadier-General Smith, who had recovered from his illness, and also had received command of the Turkish force in the allied army. To do this, Napier would need to retreat from his position; he decided to disobey the order and continued with the attack against Ibrahim's army. The fighting, on October 9 was furious but victory was secured. Napier then left the land forces to Smith. Meanwhile the Egyptians had abandoned Beirut on October 3.
Bombardment of Acre.
The fleet was then instructed to retake Acre, which was the only coastal position left in Egyptian hands. The Mediterranean Fleet, commanded by Stopford, and supported by small Austrian and Turkish squadrons, moved into position against the western and southern sides of Acre on November 3 and opened fire at 14:00. The ships anchored closer to the shore than expected, at 450–800 metres, and the Egyptian guns were aimed too high. The fire of the ships was devastatingly accurate thanks to the training associated with the Royal Navy's new gunnery school, HMS "Excellent". The Egyptians had no opportunity to correct their error; their guns were disabled by direct hits and by the walls of the fortifications falling on their crews. The sailing ships of the line were in two lines with steamers manoeuvring in between. At 16:20 a shell penetrated the main magazine in the south of the city, which exploded killing 1,100 men. The guns ashore fell silent and that night the city was occupied. British losses were light: 18 men killed and 41 wounded. The ships had fired 48,000 rounds.
Resolution of the conflict.
The rapid collapse of Mehemet Ali's power, with the prospect of bloody chaos in Egypt, was not part of the Allies' plan, and Stopford sent Napier to command the squadron at Alexandria and to observe the situation. Here, acting independently again, he appeared before the city with part of his squadron on November 25 and enforced a blockade. Then without reference to his Admiral or the British government he personally negotiated a peace with Mehemet Ali, guaranteeing him and his heirs the sovereignty of Egypt, and pledging to evacuate Ibrahim's beleaguered army back to Alexandria, if Mehemet in turn renounced all claims to Syria, submitted to the Sultan and returned the Ottoman fleet. Stopford and the British ambassador were furious with this outcome. Stopford repudiated it immediately when he had heard the news and several of the Allied powers declared it void. Despite Napier’s long-standing personal friendship with Lord Palmerston, the arrangement was at first denounced by the British government; but the formal treaty later concluded and confirmed by the Sultan used Napier’s original as the basis for negotiations and differed from it only in minor ways.

</doc>
<doc id="20841397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841397" title="Jesús Olalla">
Jesús Olalla

Jesús "Josu" Olalla Iraeta (born July 15, 1971) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Irun.
In 1996 he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played all seven matches and scored 14 goals.
Four years later he won his second bronze medal with the Spanish handball team in the 2000 Olympic tournament. He played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20841406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841406" title="Vinny Staples">
Vinny Staples

Vinny Staples (born 1945 in Piercestown, County Wexford) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club St. Martin's and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1965 until 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20841437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841437" title="Ali Mutashar">
Ali Mutashar

National Team debut.
On September 2010, Abdul-Amir was called up for Iraq National team and made his first International debut against Oman national football team, Iraq won the match 3-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20841438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841438" title="Poetry and the Microphone">
Poetry and the Microphone

"Poetry and the Microphone" is an essay by English writer George Orwell. It refers to his work at the BBC’s Eastern Service broadcasting half-hour long literary programmes to India in the format of an imaginary monthly literary magazine. Written in 1943, it was not published until 1945, in "New Saxon Pamphlet". Orwell had by then left the BBC.
Notable for including Orwell’s sentence: "Poetry on the air sounds like the Muses in striped trousers.", the article mentions some of the material used in the broadcasts, mainly by contemporary or near-contemporary English writers such as T. S. Eliot, Herbert Read, Auden, Stephen Spender, Dylan Thomas, Henry Treece, Alex Comfort, Robert Bridges, Edmund Blunden, and D. H. Lawrence. Whenever possible, the authors themselves were invited to read their poems on the air.
Orwell refers to the fact that by placing the poet in front of a microphone and having to read his poem out loud has an effect not only on the audience but also on the poet. He states that over the past two hundred years poetry had come to have less connection with music and the spoken word, with lyrical and rhetorical poetry having almost ceased to exist. 
The key to broadcasting poetry was to engage the audience – of one – in order to avoid the "atmosphere of frigid embarrassment" of the “grisly” poetry readings which always contained some people who were bored or “all but frankly hostile and who couldn’t remove themselves by the simple act of turning a knob.” He points out that the unpopularity of poetry contrasts with the "good-bad" poetry, "generally of a patriotic or sentimental kind" and with "folk poetry", as in nursery rhymes, etc.
One number of the programme was on the subject of war and included two poems by Edmund Blunden, Auden’s "September 1941",
extracts from "A Letter from Anne Ridler” by G. S. Fraser, Byron’s "Isles of Greece", and an extract from T. E. Lawrence’s "Revolt in the Desert".
The essay goes on the refer to the fact that broadcasting is under the control of governments or great monopoly companies “actively interested in maintaining the status quo and therefore preventing the common man from becoming too intelligent.”
He gives the example of the British Government which, at the beginning of the World war had declared its intention of keeping the literary intelligentsia "out of it" but that after three years of war, almost every writer "however undesirable his political history or opinions" had been "sucked into" various ministries or the BBC, or if already in the armed forces, in public relations, etc.
He points out a small consolation in that the bigger the machine of government, the more loose ends there are to it in and that as long as they are forced to maintain an intelligentsia, there will also be a minimum of freedom. Finally, he urges those "who care for literature to turn their minds to this much-despised medium" which has "powers for good". 
The Indian Section of the BBC published a collection of the broadcasts, "Talking to India" (1943), which was edited by Orwell.

</doc>
<doc id="20841441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841441" title="Page Cavanaugh">
Page Cavanaugh

Page Cavanaugh (January 26, 1922, Cherokee, Kansas – December 19, 2008, Los Angeles) was an American jazz and pop pianist, vocalist, and arranger.
Cavanaugh began on piano at age nine and played with Ernie Williamson's band in 1938–39 before moving to Los Angeles and joining the Bobby Sherwood band at age 20.
While serving in the military during World War II, Cavanaugh met guitarist Al Viola and bassist Lloyd Pratt, with whom he formed a trio. After the war's end they performed together in the style of the Nat King Cole Trio, scoring a number of hits in the late 1940s including "The Three Bears", "Walkin' My Baby Back Home", and "All of Me". The trio appeared in the films "A Song Is Born", "Big City", "Lullaby of Broadway" (with Doris Day) and "Romance on the High Seas" (Doris Day's first film, in 1948).
Additionally, they played on Frank Sinatra's "Songs by Sinatra" radio program and on "The Jack Paar Show". He played in Los Angeles area nightclubs through the 1990s, both in a trio setting (with Viola for many years) and as a septet, the Page 7. He also recorded with Bobby Woods & Les Deux Love Orchestra. Cavanaugh recorded for MGM, Capitol, RCA, Star Line, Tiara and Dobre Records over the course of his career, releasing his final Page Cavanaugh Trio CD, "Return to Elegance", in 2006. The Page Cavanaugh Trio may also be seen and heard in the 1958 horror movie, "Frankenstein's Daughter", directed by Richard E Cunha and produced for $60,000 by Layton Film Productions.
His Page Cavanaugh Trio played in various formations, one of the with Las Vegas bassist Milan Rezabek in Sahara Casino in Lake Tahoe, NV (1968-1970).
Cavanaugh died December 19, 2008 of kidney failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20841444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841444" title="Hal Kleine">
Hal Kleine

Harold John Kleine (June 8, 1923 – December 10, 1957) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He pitched in 11 games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1944 Cleveland Indians season and three games during the 1945 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20841447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841447" title="Arnaud Anastassowa">
Arnaud Anastassowa

Arnaud Anastassowa (born January 23, 1988 in Forbach, Moselle) is a French-Bulgarian professional football Defender, who currently playing for US Forbach.
Career.
Anastassowa began his career by US Forbach before transferred in 2005 to FC Metz. After four years was released from Metz and signed on 4 July 2009 with F91 Dudelange.

</doc>
<doc id="20841454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841454" title="Juan Pérez (handballer)">
Juan Pérez (handballer)

Juan "Juancho" Pérez Márquez (born January 3, 1974) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Badajoz.
In 1996 he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played three matches and scored five goals.
Four years later he won his second bronze medal with the Spanish handball team in the 2000 Olympic tournament. He played five matches and scored four goals.
At the 2004 Games he was part of the Spanish team which finished seventh in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20841457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841457" title="Richard L. Huganir">
Richard L. Huganir

Richard L. Huganir (born March 25, 1953) is a Professor and Director of the Solomon H. Snyder Department of Neuroscience, as well as an Investigator with Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He has joint appointments in the Department Biological Chemistry and the Department of Pharmacology.
Dr. Huganir completed his undergraduate work in biochemistry at Vassar College in 1975. He received his Ph.D. degree in Biochemistry, Molecular and Cell Biology from Cornell University in 1982 where he performed his thesis research in the laboratory of Dr. Efraim Racker. He was a postdoctoral fellow with the Nobel Laureate, Dr. Paul Greengard, at Yale University School of Medicine from 1982-1984. Dr. Huganir then moved to the Rockefeller University where he was an Assistant Professor of Molecular and Cellular Neurobiology from 1984-1988. 
Dr. Huganir became the Director or the Solomon H. Snyder Department of Neuroscience in 2006. Dr. Huganir received the Young Investigator Award and the Julius Axelrod Award from the Society for Neuroscience, the Santiago Grisolia Award and is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences, and a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Dr. Huganir has published over 200 papers in peer-reviewed journals.

</doc>
<doc id="20841459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841459" title="Madison Civic Commercial District">
Madison Civic Commercial District

The Madison Civic Commercial District is a area of downtown Madison, Morris County, New Jersey, United States. It includes 450 buildings and one structure in an area roughly bounded by Main Street (NJ 124), Kings Road, Green Avenue, Waverly Place, Lincoln Place and Prospect Street.
It had been the historic core of Madison starting in the late 19th century. In 1930 its most significant property, the Hartley Dodge Memorial Building that currently serves as Madison's borough hall, was donated by local landowner Geraldine Rockefeller Dodge in memory of her son Marcellus, who had died at age 22. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20841465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841465" title="Midwest Kings">
Midwest Kings

Midwest Kings (aka MWK) is a touring band based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, whose most notable member is David Cook, winner of the seventh season of American Idol. Described as a "regional touring band", the Midwest Kings play throughout the midwest, including gigs in states ranging from their home base of Oklahoma, through Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, and Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20841470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841470" title="Arthur McKenzie">
Arthur McKenzie

Arthur McKenzie was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League. He later moved to South Africa, and was killed during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20841474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841474" title="Comprehensive Musicianship">
Comprehensive Musicianship

In 1965 the Seminar on Comprehensive Musicianship was held at Northwestern University. Its purpose was to develop and implement means of improving the education of music teachers. In 1967 a symposium was held at Airlie House (a conference center) in Warrenton, Virginia to discuss means of evaluating comprehensive musicianship. The resultant document, "Procedures for Evaluation of Music in Contemporary Education", offers guidelines for the evaluation of techniques and attitudes acquired through comprehensive musicianship studies.
There are two curricula that are examples of the Comprehensive Musicianship methodology: The Manhattanville Music Curriculum Program and the Hawaii Music Curriculum Program.
Manhattanville Music Curriculum Program.
The Manhattanville Music Curriculum Program (MMCP) was funded by a grant from the U.S. Dept. of Education and was named for Manhattanville College in Purchase, New York. Its objectives were to develop a music curriculum and related materials for a sequential music learning program for the primary grades through high school. The project produced the "Synthesis", a comprehensive curriculum for grades 3 through 12, "Interaction", an early childhood curriculum, and three feasibility studies: The Electronic Keyboard Laboratory, the Science-Music Program, and the Instrumental Program.
MMCP began in 1965 with an exploratory of 92 innovative and experimental music programs. Phase One (1966) dealt with perspectives of student learning potentials, problems of curriculum reform, and classroom procedures. Phase Two (1967) dealt with the refinement and synthesis of information gained in the first exploratory period and the organization of information into a feasible curriculum. Phase Three (1968) consisted of the refinement and field testing of all curriculum items, the initial investigation of a separate curriculum for early childhood, the preparation and testing of plans for teacher retraining, and the development of an assessment instrument that reflected the program objectives.
Hawaii Music Curriculum Program.
The Hawaii Music Curriculum Program began in 1968 under the sponsorship of the Hawaii Curriculum Center in Honolulu. Its purpose was to create a logical, continuous educational program ensuring the competent guidance of the music education of all children in the state's public schools and to test and assemble the materials needed by schools to realize this program. Students are to be involved with music in school in the same ways that people are involved with music in the outside world. The curriculum is based on seven basic concepts: tone, rhythm, melody, harmony, form, tonality, and texture, that are presented in the form of a spiral curriculum. The taxonomy of concepts was translated into a curriculum by means of division into five "zones."

</doc>
<doc id="20841481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841481" title="Rich Gunning">
Rich Gunning

Rich Gunning (born 1966) is an American voice actor. He is also a traffic reporter, weeknights on CBS-owned KYW-AM News Radio 1060 in Philadelphia, USA.
He began his broadcasting career as a radio disc-jockey with former oldies station WBUX in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, USA, followed by a brief stint on AFRTS while serving with the U.S. Army. In addition to part-time on-air work at radio stations WDEL and WSTW (Wilmington, Delaware, USA), Gunning served as production manager and on-air personality with suburban Philadelphia news/talk radio station WNPV from 1994-2010.
Since 1998, Gunning has voiced hundreds of radio and television commercials. Voice-over clients have included AOL, BMW Seattle, Hawaii Tourism, The Peabody Hotel/Memphis, Pontiac, Sears Auto Center, Taylor University, Triumph Motorcycles and Wyeth Labs.
He has been employed as a radio traffic reporter, on KYW News Radio 1060 in Philadelphia since 2004.
References.
1. Meet The Staff - WNPV AM 1440

</doc>
<doc id="20841489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841489" title="Kim Nielsen-Parsons">
Kim Nielsen-Parsons

Kim Nielsen-Parsons (born 1964) is an American hard rock bassist known for being a member of the all-female band Phantom Blue.
Biography.
Kim Nielsen first picked up the bass guitar at the age of 12. In the years to come, she played with local bands in Los Angeles, California, while taking lessons from Racer X bassist John Alderete. In 1988, following a recommendation by Alderete, Nielsen joined the all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue. The band with Nielsen on bass recorded two albums and toured successfully in Europe.
Following her departure from the band on April 1994, Nielsen moved to England, where she married former Belladonna drummer Adam Parsons, now an artist manager in the music business. In 1996, she joined the Nottingham-based metal band Wraith and recorded their "Schizophrenia" album. After years of living in England, she returned to Los Angeles in 2000, where she had brief stints with the all-female AC/DC tribute band ThundHerStruck and a Queensrÿche tribute called Jet City Woman. In 2004, she collaborated with the supergroup Asia as a guest bassist on their album "Silent Nation".
Nielsen-Parsons joined former Phantom Blue members Linda McDonald, Gigi Hangach and Tina Wood for a reunion at a benefit concert on May 26, 2009 at the Whisky a Go Go in Hollywood, California. The concert was for the benefit of brain research in memory of Phantom Blue co-founder Michelle Meldrum, who died of a cystic growth in her brain on May 21, 2008.
Nielsen-Parsons cites Geezer Butler, Pete Way, Steve Harris and Eddie Jackson among her musical influences.

</doc>
<doc id="20841504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841504" title="Ray Knode">
Ray Knode

Robert Troxell "Ray" Knode (January 28, 1901 – April 13, 1982) was an American Major League Baseball baseball and college football player. He played for four season as a first baseman with the Cleveland Indians from 1923 to 1926.
Knode attended the University of Maryland, where he played on the football team as a quarterback from 1916 to 1919. He later attended the University of Michigan, where he also played quarterback from 1921 to 1922.
His older brother, Kenneth T. Knode followed a similar career path. He played professional baseball with the St. Louis Cardinals and as a quarterback at both Maryland and Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20841505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841505" title="Garrison Theatre">
Garrison Theatre

The Garrison Theatre is a 280 capacity venue in Lerwick, Shetland, Scotland, with a sprung proscenium stage with fixed raked seating. It has 19 rows, named A to S which either has 8, 12, 13, 15 or 16 seats in each row.
The venue hosts dance, drama, stand up comedy, pantomime and music productions together with regular film screenings (Shetland currently has no dedicated cinema so the Garrison Theatre has monthly film screenings. A new cinema opened in 2012 - see Mareel).
It was opened in 1903 and used as a Drill Hall and gymnasium during the First World War. It was also the headquarters of the 7th Volunteer Battalion Gordon Highlanders. The building was converted to a theatre by ENSA in 1942 to be used as a venue to entertain troops during the Second World War. During the 50s and 60s it was owned by the Zetland County Council, who decided to repair and refurbish the theatre in 1989, and was programmed by Islesburgh Drama Group and an Entertainments Committee. Ownership was then transferred the Islesburgh Trust before coming under Shetland Arts management in April 2007.
Technical specifications.
The stage width is 6.7 metres and the depth is 5.5 metres. It has four lighting bars above the stage and one (plus the sidebars) in the auditorium.
At the entrance there is a mini food and drink stall plus a box-office to buy tickets for those who have not yet bought a ticket for the event on in the theatre.
Backstage there are two large dressing rooms, three toilets and two showers.

</doc>
<doc id="20841512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841512" title="Rudy Gestede">
Rudy Gestede

Rudy Gestede (born 10 October 1988) is a professional footballer who plays for Championship club Blackburn Rovers.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Essey-lès-Nancy, Gestede started at youth level at the age of 16, in 2004, where he played for FC Metz. A year later, he signed a professional contract, with Metz's B Team. In 2007 he was promoted to play for the first team, whilst still also continuing to play for the B Team but in 2010, he ended his five years playing for the B team, when he was sent on loan to AS Cannes.
Cardiff City.
Gestede joined Football League Championship side Cardiff City on a week-long trial, during City's training camp in Seville, Spain. Gestede scored his first goal for the Bluebirds in the 25th minute against Charlton Athletic On 23 July 2011, Gestede passed his medical and was unveiled as a Cardiff City player three days later. On 7 August 2011, Gestede came on for his debut against West Ham, in the 68th minute in replace of Robert Earnshaw, setting up Kenny Miller for the match's only goal. His first start came the following game against Oxford United in the League Cup. He made his 50th appearance in a 5–3 victory over Huddersfield Town, putting in a man of the match performance. Gestede scored his first goal for Cardiff City and in English football against Leicester City in the Football League Cup, where he later scored a penalty in a shoot out to help Cardiff to a 7–6 victory. His first league goal came on 15 October, on his first league start against Ipswich Town. The following game, Gestede suffered another hamstring injury, which meant he would be out for a few weeks. He returned in a goalless draw at Millwall on 10 December. Gestede found his 3rd Cardiff goal in a 3–1 win over Peterborough. He would come on and score a penalty in Cardiff City's semi-final victory against Crystal Palace in the League Cup. Gestede scored his third goal for Cardiff on 14 February 2012, in a 3–1 win over Peterborough United. In the Carling Cup Final against Premier League Liverpool at Wembley Stadium on 26 February, City went down 3–2 on penalties, with Gestede missing one of the Bluebirds' spot-kicks. On 19 April, Gestede signed a two-year deal keeping him at Cardiff City Stadium until 2014.
Gestede suffered a pre-season injury which kept him out of the first two months of the 2012–13 campaign. He made his return on 6 October coming on in the second half against Ipswich Town, where he helped the Bluebirds to come back from a 1 goals deficit. Gestede's first goal of the season came on 15 December, in a 2–1 loss against Peterborough United. In what has been described as his finest performance yet in a Cardiff City shirt, Gestede scored two headers as City beat Nottingham Forest 3–0 at Cardiff City Stadium. He collected a winners' medal as City won the Championship title and were promoted to the Premier League in April 2013.
Blackburn Rovers.
On 26 November 2013 Gestede joined Blackburn Rovers on loan until the end of 2013 under an emergency loan arrangement after he found his playing time at Cardiff reduced since their promotion to the Premier League.
Blackburn Rovers manager Gary Bowyer stated that Gestede was the type of player the team needed to assist talisman Jordan Rhodes in an important season for the club.
Gestede scored his first goal for Rovers on 1 January 2014 against Leeds United via a header in a 2–1 victory for Rovers.
On 1 January 2014, Gestede signed for the club permanently, on a three and a half year deal, along with Tom Cairney, who was also on loan at Blackburn at the same time as him, from Hull City.
International career.
Gestede played for the France under-19 national team between 2006 and 2008. He was called up for the Benin national team in February 2013 for the World Cup qualifiers due to a parent being of Beninois origin.
Personal life.
In the summer of 2012, Rudy's wife, Hawa, gave birth to their first child, Elijah Gestede.
Honours.
Cardiff City

</doc>
<doc id="20841515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841515" title="Unessential Listening">
Unessential Listening

Unessential Listening is a 2-disc compilation album by the comedy duo Hamish & Andy. It features segments included on their radio show between 2006 and 2008. The album won Best Comedy Release at the ARIA Music Awards of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20841534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841534" title="Vidar Vang">
Vidar Vang

Vidar Andre Vang (born 22 September 1976) is a Norwegian songwriter and musician. He has recorded six full length albums.
Early life.
Vidar Vang began his musical career by singing lead vocals in various local bands as a teenager. By the age of 17 he was writing his own songs. As his songwriting abilities progressed, he left his teaching job and set out to become a full time musician, relocating to Oslo. Some of his earlier work can be heard on his very limited release, the 1999 album "Blue".
The Northern Men.
In 2000, Vang and several of his friends came together to form "Vidar Vang & friemann". Apart from bassist Eirik Bjarghov, all band members were natives of Vangs hometown Bjerkvik. During this period, friemanns lead guitarist Gaute Fredriksen and Vang started to collaborate on music and lyrics, a collaboration which continues to this day. They embarked on a Norwegian tour in August 2001, selling their eponymously titled EP at shows.
In the summer of 2002, the band released a four-title EP in anticipation of their first full-length album "Rodeo". By now, "Vidar Vang & friemann" had become "Vidar Vang & The Northern Men", and this would be the official name and lineup during 2002, 2003 and 2004.
Solo career.
In 2005, Vang split amicably from The Northern Men, hired session musicians and recorded an acoustic self-titled album. Compared to the all out rocking on his two preceding albums, "Vidar Vang" was toned down, had more introspective lyrics than its predecessors and was met with good, sometimes rave reviews in the Norwegian musical press.
Touring.
In May and June 2005, Vang opened for Madrugada on their Norwegian and European tour in support of The Deep End. He has also toured extensively on his own behalf, amongst other for the Norwegian cultural project Concerts Norway. In September 2007, he opened for The Waterboys on the three dates of the Norwegian leg of their European tour.
Discography.
Albums
EPs
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="20841543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841543" title="Upstairs/Downstairs">
Upstairs/Downstairs

Upstairs/Downstairs is the second and final full length album by The Ergs!.
Artwork.
One version of the cover had a slash upstairs / downstairs on the artwork with words inside two arrows on the stairs, but other versions remove the slash and are simply upstairs downstairs inside the two arrows. 

</doc>
<doc id="20841547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841547" title="The Mouse That Jack Built">
The Mouse That Jack Built

The Mouse That Jack Built is a 1959 Warner Bros. "Merrie Melodie" cartoon short starring Jack Benny and the regular cast of "The Jack Benny Program" as mice. It was written by Tedd Pierce and directed by Robert McKimson, with music by Milt Franklyn.
Plot.
Somewhere in Beverly Hills, in the house of Jack Benny (a sign out front proclaims, "Star of Stage * Screen * Radio * Television...also cartoons"), a mouse version of Jack is practicing his violin---off key---and saying to himself, "Who is this guy Isaac Stern?" (In real life Benny and Stern were good friends.) Outside Jack's mouse hole, a cat is lying in wait, wearing ear muffs to filter out the discordant sound of Jack's violin. 
Jack calls his servant, Rochester (portrayed as a dark brown mouse) to get his white suit, which Rochester is wearing at the time. Jack tells the valet that his rental period is up (a week for $5.00, equal to $ today) and he needs the suit because he is taking Mary Livingstone out for her birthday, and, true to character, is looking for a good "cheap" restaurant. 
While waiting for Mary, Jack decides to count his cheese in a basement vault. Using a coin on a string, he opens the lock, which appears to be a coin-operated lock from a pay toilet. As soon as he walks through the door, he takes a cane from a nail on the wall and starts humming "We're in the Money". When he reaches the bottom of the stairs, he reaches through a hole and trips a razor blade hanging above the passageway like a guillotine. He then comes up to a derringer and uses the cane to trip the trigger on the derringer. Finally, he comes up to another hole, reaches through with the cane and trips a mousetrap. He then reaches the vault door, opens a combination lock, pulls the door open and numerous sound effects including various alarms, a foghorn and machine gun noises are heard. Ed, the vault guard, asks "who goes there?", and then an exchange is heard where Ed, apparently having been in the vault for a long time, asks "did we win the war yet?" When Benny assures Ed that the war had been won, thinking that Ed was referring to World War II, Ed says: "That's good. What do you think we'll do with the Kaiser?"
Mary arrives while Jack is inspecting his cheese vault, and he emerges wondering who has been pilfering his gorgonzola. A fat rodent version of Don Wilson attempts to deliver a commercial when Jack advises him that this is a movie and not a television program. When Mary suggests a place, Jack's eyes ring up like an old cash register with a dollar sign ($) and "no sale", they discuss other options. As they were discussing the options, the cat writes a message extolling the "Kit Kat Club" ("entertainers "free"") and sends it to Jack as a paper airplane. Jack and Mary putter off in his Maxwell with Rochester behind the wheel until they reach the Kit Kat Club by following the arrows pointing to it. While en route, Mary asks for champagne, while Jack says that he prefers a good "mousecatel". Unbeknownst to them, the "club" is actually the maw of a real cat, and as they enter, the cat's mouth closes on them.
Jack cries: "Help! Help!" as the camera cuts to the live-action Jack Benny, who wakes up and, breaking the fourth wall, tells the audience: "Gosh, what a crazy dream! Imagine- Mary and me as two little mice trapped inside a cat's mouth! And me playing the violin!" At that point, Jack is interrupted by the sound of a discordant "Rock-a-Bye Baby" played on the violin, coming from within Jack's live-action cat. From there, the rodent versions of Jack and Mary emerge unharmed from the live-action cat. Following one last bit of animation (where the rodent Jack and Mary return to their mousehole), the real Jack Benny does one of his famous "takes" as the cartoon fades out.
Production.
The cartoon was released on April 4, 1959. Written by Tedd Pierce, it is a parody of "The Jack Benny Program" starring the voices of Jack Benny, Mary Livingstone, Don Wilson and Eddie "Rochester" Anderson as rodent caricatures of their respective radio and television characters, with Mel Blanc reprising his imitation of Benny's Maxwell automobile (also assuming the voice of "Ed", Jack's underground vault guard, usually portrayed on radio and TV by Joseph Kearns). The title is a play on the nursery rhyme "This is the House that Jack Built".
Home video.
"The Mouse That Jack Built" is available on "", Disc 2.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20841549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841549" title="Finders Keepers (1981 UK game show)">
Finders Keepers (1981 UK game show)

Finders Keepers is a children's game show broadcast by the BBC from 1981 to 1985. The show combined a quiz element with a computerised version of the game Battleships.
Two teams of three primary school-aged pupils would compete against each other. On scoring a "hit" at the Battleships game, the team had to answer a question to gain the associated points.
The show was also notable for host Richard Stilgoe playing the theme on a synthesiser live in the studio at the beginning, as well as the use of the phonetic alphabet to indicate the square on the battleship grid.
The game of Battleships was played on a 7x7 grid and ran on a BBC Microcomputer.
According to the Kaleidoscope Children's Guide, some editions of the series were wiped from the BBC archives in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20841557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841557" title="Bill Nolan (footballer)">
Bill Nolan (footballer)

Bill Nolan was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20841569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841569" title="O Gosto da Criação">
O Gosto da Criação

O Gosto da Criação is the seventeenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 2002.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Zé Ramalho.

</doc>
<doc id="20841577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841577" title="Covina massacre">
Covina massacre

The Covina massacre occurred on December 24, 2008, in Covina, a city in the suburbs of Los Angeles, California, United States. Nine people were killed from either gunshot wounds or an arson fire inside a house on 1129 East Knollcrest Drive where a Christmas Eve party was being held. The perpetrator, 45-year-old Bruce Jeffrey Pardo, who entered the house while wearing a Santa suit, committed suicide, dying from a gunshot wound to the head at his brother's residence in the early morning hours after the attack. Authorities have cited marital problems as a possible motive for the violence; reports indicate Pardo's divorce had been finalized December 18, one week prior to the massacre. Three people, including Pardo's ex-wife and his former in-laws, were initially declared missing pending identification of their bodies.
Details.
Attack.
At approximately 11:30 p.m. PST, Bruce Jeffrey Pardo, dressed in a Santa Claus suit, knocked on the door of his former in-laws' house, occupied with about 25 people, with a gift-wrapped package (containing a homemade flamethrower) in one hand and a 9mm semi-automatic handgun in the other hand; he also had three additional 9mm semi-automatic handguns in his possession. When the door opened, Pardo fired the handgun at the eight-year-old daughter of Leticia Yuzefpolsky, a sister of Sylvia Pardo, as she ran to greet him, injuring her in the face. He then fired indiscriminately at fleeing party-goers. Police speculate that Pardo may have stood over and pointedly executed some of the victims, using the other handguns.
After the shootings, Pardo unwrapped the package containing the homemade flamethrower, and used it to spray racing fuel gasoline to set the home ablaze. Nine people died from either gunfire or flames, and three others were wounded: the eight-year-old girl who was shot in the face with severe but non-life-threatening injuries, a 16-year-old girl shot and wounded in the back, and a 20-year-old woman who suffered a broken ankle jumping out of the second-floor window. There was one survivor who called the authorities during the attack after escaping to a neighbor's house. The resulting fire soared approximately 40 to 50 feet and took 80 firefighters an hour-and-a-half to extinguish. Due to the intensity of the fire, identification of the victims were done with dental and medical records. 
Suspect's death and aftermath.
After the attack, Pardo put on his street clothes and drove his Dodge Caliber rental car to his brother's house in Sylmar, approximately 30 miles away from the crime scene, where he was later found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. His brother was not present in the home at the time of Pardo's death. It was initially believed that Pardo intended to flee to Canada by plane as he had bought an airline ticket to a flight on Air Canada; however, subsequently it was discovered the flight was from Los Angeles to Moline, Illinois (with a layover in Minnesota). Pardo had called days before to tell his high school friend that he was planning to visit, but investigators are unsure if he intended to visit or if the flight was to fool investigators. He had visited the friend before in October 2008. Other reports stated that the Santa suit had melted during the flamethrower portion of the attack and had adhered to his skin and not all of it could be removed.
However, due to suffering from severe third-degree burns on his arms stemming from the blaze, he decided to go against the initial plan. Police found $17,000 in cash cling-wrapped on his legs inside a girdle, and his rental car that had been parked one block from his brother's house, which had been rigged by remnants of his Santa suit that would ignite a flame and detonate the car with black powder if removed. Also recovered from the scene were four 13-round capacity handguns that were each empty, and at least 200 rounds of ammunition. Suggesting that what had been inside the car was being treated as a threat, a bomb squad fired an incendiary device into it, destroying and burning it. At Pardo's house in Montrose, police had recovered five empty boxes for semiautomatic handguns, two shotguns, and a container for high-octane fuel tank gasoline. They also found what was described as a "virtual bomb factory" in his home.
Fatalities.
At least three victims' deaths were caused by gunshot wounds alone, while four others died from a combination of both gunshot wounds and fire; two other deaths stemmed from the fire alone. The victims include: 
Motive.
Police speculate that the motive of the attack was related to marital problems. Pardo's wife of one year had settled for divorce in the prior week. However, Pardo held no criminal record and had no history of violence. He had been fired from his job as an electrical engineer at ITT Electronic Systems Radar Systems in July. There is some speculation that the divorce may have been caused by Pardo concealing a child from a previous relationship. This child was severely injured in a swimming pool accident several years previous.
The couple wed on January 2006, but soon grew apart after their marriage, when Mr. Pardo refused to open a joint account with Mrs. Pardo; he also expected his wife to take care of her own three children with her own finances.
In June 2008, divorce court had ordered Bruce Pardo to pay $1,785 a month in spousal support. During the divorce proceeding, Bruce had confided to a friend his wife was "taking him to the cleaners." In July, Mr. Pardo was fired for billing false hours and the court suspended the support payments due to job hardship.
It was revealed that he had planned to kill his own mother after the massacre at Sylvia's home due to her apparent sympathy for Sylvia during the divorce proceedings.
Pardo was required to pay Sylvia $10,000 as part of the divorce settlement, according to court documents. Sylvia kept the wedding ring and the family dog. In a court declaration, Pardo complained that Sylvia was living with her parents, not paying rent, and had spent lavishly on a luxury car, gambling trips to Las Vegas, meals at fine restaurants, massages, and golf lessons.
Popular culture.
Poly Styrene, the lead singer of X-Ray Spex, recorded a song in 2010 called "Black Christmas", which contains references to the massacre.
Boombox Poets recorded a song in 2010 called "Santa Syndrome", which is loosely based on references to the massacre and also to their own lives.
In the 2012 film "Silent Night", a character tells the story of a man who donned a Santa suit, and used a homemade flamethrower to attack a Christmas party being attended by his ex-wife.

</doc>
<doc id="20841584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841584" title="Diagné Fallou">
Diagné Fallou

Serigne Fallou Diagne (born 14 August 1989 in Dakar) is a Senegalese football midfielder. He currently plays for SC Freiburg.
Career.
He began his career with AS Génération Foot in Dakar before being scouted by FC Metz in January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20841586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841586" title="Pyrinuron">
Pyrinuron

Pyrinuron (Pyriminil, Vacor) is a chemical compound formerly used as a rodenticide. Commercial distribution was voluntarily suspended in 1979 and it is not approved by the Environmental Protection Agency for use in the United States. If it is ingested by humans in high doses, it may selectively destroy insulin-producing beta cells in the pancreas causing type 1 diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="20841590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841590" title="Chancellor of the University of Glasgow">
Chancellor of the University of Glasgow

The Chancellor is the titular head of the University of Glasgow and President of the General Council, by whom he is elected. The office is intended to be held for life. His principal duty is to confer degrees upon those presented to him by the Senate, although this role is usually carried out by the Vice-Chancellor, the appointment of whom is the Chancellor's second-most important duty. The current Vice-Chancellor is the Principal, Professor Anton Muscatelli.
The current Chancellor is Professor Sir Kenneth Calman.
History.
From the University's establishment in 1451, the office was held by the Archbishop of Glasgow, except in the case of Lord Blantyre, who held all the powers of the Archbishop as 'Lord of Glasgow'. This trend ceased with the appointment of the Duke of Hamilton as Chancellor in 1642, although resumed from 1661 to 1692 for a subsequent run of seven archbishops, from Andrew Fairfoul to John Paterson.
Four of the seven Chancellors in the past hundred years have been alumni of the University. The Earl of Roseberry, a former Prime Minister, was educated at Oxford; Sir Daniel Macauley Stevenson did not attend university but was a generous benefactor of the University; and Sir Donald MacAlister, who studied at the University of Cambridge served as Principal between 1909 and 1929. Sir William Kerr Fraser had also been Principal prior to his appointment and, other than the present Chancellor, is the only holder in the past hundred years not to have died in office.

</doc>
<doc id="20841598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841598" title="Thackley railway station">
Thackley railway station

Thackley railway station was a railway station in Thackley, West Yorkshire, England.
History.
During the 1860s, two small railway companies were formed to promote suburban railways in Bradford, the "Bradford, Eccleshill and Idle Railway" and the "Idle and Shipley Railway". Their schemes - and the companies themselves - were taken up by the Great Northern Railway, which built a line looping through the villages to the north-east of Bradford: from , through , and Thackley to Shipley.
The line was open to goods traffic on 4 May 1874, and to passengers on 18 January 1875.
Thackley railway station was rebuilt in 1890-1894.
Passenger service on the line ceased on 2 February 1931 and the passenger station closed, though goods traffic continued on the whole line until October 1964 and between Shipley and until 1968.
The line is now a public footpath, with only ruined buildings and partially demolished platforms at track level to show that this was a railway station. The 1894 building still exists and is now a private dwelling, situated next to the 1874 humped back Crag Lane bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20841603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841603" title="Sir Arthur Gooch, 14th Baronet">
Sir Arthur Gooch, 14th Baronet

Brigadier Sir Arthur Brian Sherlock Heywood Gooch, 14th Baronet DL, (born 1 June 1937) is an English baronet and retired regular officer of the British Army. He was also an aide-de-camp to Queen Elizabeth II.
Gooch is descended from Sir William Gooch, 1st Baronet, Royal Lieutenant Governor of Virginia from 1727 to 1749, for whom Goochland County, Virginia is named.
The son of Colonel Brian Sherlock Gooch DSO TD and of Monica Mary (née Heywood), Gooch was educated at Eton and Sandhurst, before serving in The Life Guards, the senior regiment of the British Army, which he commanded from 1978 to 1981. 
In 1963, he married Sarah Diana Rowena Perceval JP and they have two daughters. Lady Gooch serves as Under Sheriff of Wiltshire.
On 14 March 1989, Gooch was appointed as aide-de-camp to Queen Elizabeth II, replacing Brigadier Robert Baddeley. He was Honorary Colonel of the Kent and County of London Yeomanry from 1992 to 1999 and was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for Wiltshire in 1999.
When his cousin Major Sir Timothy Robert Sherlock Gooch MBE, 13th Baronet, late the Life Guards, died on 9 April 2008, Gooch inherited the baronetcy. His heir presumptive is a brother, Thomas Sherlock Heywood Gooch, who was born on 12 November 1943, in 1971 married Elizabeth Clarice Joan Peyton, and has one son (Robert Brian Sherlock, born 1976) and one daughter. 
He is a member of the Army and Navy Club and lives at Chitterne, Wiltshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20841611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841611" title="Elmer Koestner">
Elmer Koestner

Elmer Joseph Koestner (November 30, 1885 – October 27, 1959) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps in 1910 and the Chicago Cubs and Cincinnati Reds in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="20841624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841624" title="Orbiliaceae">
Orbiliaceae

The Orbiliaceae are a family of saprobic sac fungi in the order Orbiliales. The family, first described by Nannfield in 1932, contains 288 species in 12 genera. Members of this family have a widespread distribution, but are more prevalent in temperate regions. Some species in the Orbiliaceae are carnivorous fungi, and have evolved a number of specialized mechanisms to trap nematodes.
Description.
Orbiliaceae do not have stromata, dense structural tissue that produces fruit bodies. They have small disc-shaped apothecia, that are typically convex, brightly colored or translucent. Their ascospores are small (typically less than 10 x 1 µm), hyaline, and have an oval or ellipsoidal shape.
Species are usually found in wood on both wet and dry habitats.
Anamorph species are hyphomycetous.
Nematophagy.
This family is well known for its many nematophagous species. Shortly after coming into contact with its prey, fungal mycelia penetrate the nematode and spontaneously differentiate into functional structures, known as traps, which will ultimately digest the nematode's internal contents. There are 5 types of trap mechanisms recognized in this family:
Genera.
According to the most recent classification of Ascomycota, the Orbiliaceae contain only two (teleomorph) genera, the "Hyalorbilia" and the "Orbilia". "Hyalorbilia" is distinguished from "Orbilia" by having asci without a stalk that arise from croziers, a hemispherical to broadly conical, thin-walled apex, asci and paraphyses in a gelatinous matrix, and an ectal excipulum (the outer surface of a cup-like apothecium) of horizontal textura prismatica.
Anamorph genera of the Orbiliaceae include "Anguillospora", "Arthrobotrys", "Dactylella", "Dactylellina", "Dicranidion", "Drechslerella", "Helicoön", "Monacrosporium", and "Trinacrium". It has been suggested that the anamorph specialization illustrates convergent evolution occurring among mycelial fungi in aquatic and low-nitrogen habitats. This hypothesis has been borne out by recent phylogenetic and morphological studies.
In 2007, a new species was described from southwestern China with morphological features intermediate between "Orbilia" and "Hyalorbilia". This species, named "Pseudorbilia bipolaris" Y. Zhang, Z.F. Yu, H.O. Baral & K.Q. Zhang, was placed into its own genus in the Orbiliaceae to accommodate its distinctive features.

</doc>
<doc id="20841631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841631" title="Willie Murphy (Wexford hurler)">
Willie Murphy (Wexford hurler)

Willie Murphy (born 1944 in Wexford, Ireland) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Faythe Harriers and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1965 until 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20841665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841665" title="Joe Krakauskas">
Joe Krakauskas

Joseph Victor Lawrence Krakauskas (March 28, 1915 – July 8, 1960) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for seven seasons. He played for the Washington Senators from 1937 to 1940 and the Cleveland Indians from 1941 to 1942 and 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20841667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841667" title="Lorenzo Diamond">
Lorenzo Diamond

Lorenzo Diamond (born December 15, 1979 in Biloxi, Mississippi) is a former American football tight end of the National Football League. He was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2003. He played college football at Auburn.
Diamond also played for the Miami Dolphins.
He made only 11 receptions in 21 career games.

</doc>
<doc id="20841671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841671" title="Heather Nicholson">
Heather Nicholson

Heather Nicholson (born 30 January 1967), also known as Heather James, is a British animal rights activist. She is best known for having co-founded three pivotal animal rights campaigns in the UK in the 1990s. In 1997, Consort Kennels in Hereford, which bred beagles for animal-testing labs, was closed after a ten-month campaign led by Nicholson and her husband at the time, Greg Avery. In 1999, Save the Hill Grove Cats closed Hill Grove Farm in Oxfordshire, which bred cats for laboratories, after a two-year campaign, also led by Nicholson and Avery. In the same year, Nicholson, Avery, and Natasha Dellemagne set up Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty (SHAC) with the aim of closing Huntingdon Life Sciences (HLS), a contract animal-testing company based in Cambridgeshire.
Nicholson was sentenced to 11 years imprisonment in January 2009 for conspiracy to blackmail in connection with the SHAC campaign. Six other senior SHAC activists, including Avery and Dellemagne, were jailed for the same offences; all seven were alleged by police to be key figures within the Animal Liberation Front. Nicholson pleaded not guilty to the charges. She expects to be released in November 2012, taking into account time spent on remand.
Early life.
Nicholson was born in Dunvant and raised in Killay, Swansea, the daughter of George Barwick, a teacher and vegan, and his wife, Shirley Barwick, née Nicholson. She attended Olchfa Comprehensive School. A lifelong ovo vegetarian, then vegan, she spent time as a teenager working for the RSPCA in Singleton Park, Swansea, but left because she couldn't bear to see the animals euthanized. Her mother told the "Western Mail": "She used to come home crying her eyes out because they had a policy then of putting down healthy dogs they could not find homes for."
Activism.
Consort beagles and Save the Hill Grove Cats.
Nicholson became involved in the animal rights movement when she was 26, after attending a demonstration at Swansea airport to protest against live animal exports. During a similar demonstration at Coventry airport, she met her future husband, Greg Avery, another animal rights activist. She joined Avery to found a campaign against Consort, a company in Ross-on-Wye that bred beagles for laboratories, which closed 10 months later. Nicholson and Avery co-founded a subsequent campaign, Save the Hill Grove Cats, which saw the closure two years later of Hill Grove Farm near Oxford, which bred laboratory cats. The couple then set up SHAC in 1999, along with Natasha Constance Dellemagne, a friend of Nicholson's, with the aim of forcing Huntingdon Life Sciences to capitulate using the Consort and Hill Grove tactics. The company was saved when the British government stepped in to provide it with banking facilities, after the UK's major banks severed ties with it as a result of the campaign.
Nicholson and Avery divorced in or around 2002, but continued to live and work together. In 2002, Avery married Natasha Dellemagne, now known as Natasha Avery, and the three of them lived for a time together in a rent-free cottage in Woking, Surrey. The cottage was owned by Virginia Jane Steele, also known as Alexander, a wealthy supporter of the animal rights movement.
SHAC.
Huntingdon Life Sciences is Europe's largest contract animal-testing company, testing everything from pesticides to drugs, on behalf of a wide range of commercial clients, on around 75,000 animals a year, including rats, rabbits, pigs, dogs, and primates. 
HLS was the subject of an undercover investigation by the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection in 1989, which alleged that workers routinely mishandled the animals, shouted at them, threw them into their cages, and mocked them for having fits during toxicity tests. Nicholson, Avery, and Dellemagne set up SHAC in November 1999, after People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals obtained undercover footage showed HLS staff punching, shaking, and laughing at beagles in the company's main laboratory in Cambridge, England, while, in the HLS New Jersey facility in the U.S., staff were shown dissecting a twitching monkey who was still alive and screaming, and one of the technicians can be heard saying, "shut your noise, or I'll bite your face off. " This is captured on video.
The SHAC campaign was marked by the practice of secondary and tertiary targeting, whereby not only primary targets and their families were subjected to intimidation, but also anyone who did business with them, along with "their" families and business contacts. A pub where one of the primary targets went to relax, for example, might become a secondary target, with tertiary targets developing among anyone who supplied the pub with goods and services. Nicholson and Avery had used similar tactics during previous campaigns.
Being targeted meant crowds of protesters standing outside the home, blowing whistles and letting off fireworks throughout the night, spraying graffiti on property, breaking windows, spreading rumours to neighbours that the target was a paedophile, and sending hoax bombs and obscene mail. Threats of violence were sent, signed on behalf of the Animal Liberation Front or Animal Rights Militia. Action against a target would stop only when they told SHAC in writing that they had severed ties with the person or company that had brought them to SHAC's attention; their statements would be posted on the SHAC website, and the threat against them was withdrawn. The aim was the total economic and social isolation of Huntingdon Life Sciences. The police and courts regarded the SHAC campaign as an example of "urban terrorism" and "a vehicle used to terrorize ordinary decent traders carrying out perfectly lawful businesses." Nicholson described it as "a straightforward battle between good and evil, mercy and money, compassion and cruelty."
Convictions and injunctions.
Nicholson has said she has received 50 injunctions in connection with her activism. In January 2005, she was given a five-year Anti-Social Behaviour Order (ASBO), an injunction instructing her to stay away from animal research laboratories. She was not allowed to go within 500 metres of Huntingdon Life Sciences's facilities in Cambridgeshire and Suffolk, or contact the owners, shareholders, employees, or their families. She reportedly breached the injunction in 2006 and was held on remand. Also in 2006, she was jailed for affray for assaulting a family, including a 75-year-old woman, whose car displayed a sticker supporting fox hunting.
2009 conviction.
In January 2009, after pleading not guilty at Winchester Crown Court, Nicholson was jailed for 11 years for conspiracy to blackmail during the SHAC campaign. Police said they had obtained evidence to secure the conviction by bugging a 2007 meeting in a cottage in Moorcote, near Hook, Hampshire, attended by Nicholson and six other SHAC activists, as well as hired cars they had used. The bugging was part of Operation Achilles, a police operation against animal rights activists that led to 32 arrests in May 2007, carried out by 700 officers in England, Amsterdam, and Belgium. Nicholson was in Swansea visiting her parents when she heard about the arrests. She drove to her home in Eversley, Hampshire to give herself up, where she was arrested and denied bail.
The court heard that Nicholson was among seven people who made false paedophile accusations, caused criminal damage and used bomb hoaxes to intimidate companies associated with HLS. Two hundred and seventy companies severed ties to HLS as a result of becoming secondary and tertiary targets of SHAC. Avery and Dellemagne were jailed for nine years, and four other activists received sentences of between four and eight years. Nicholson was also served with an ASBO, restricting future contact with companies targeted in the campaign. After sentencing, one activist, Adrian Radford, also known as Ian Farmer, told "The Sunday Times" that he had infiltrated SHAC on behalf of the police. He said that Nicholson had acted as a courier within SHAC, transporting cash to animal rights activists in other parts of the country. 
In an interview with "Wales on Sunday", Nicholson defended her role in SHAC. "We were right to take a stand against big business torturing animals for profit." She told the newspaper it was, in her view, incredible that, as someone protesting to end cruelty, she had been jailed with child killers such as Rosemary West. "Even the judge said I was not accused of actually intimidating anyone. It was just this amazing charge they came up with, 'conspiracy to blackmail,' that was some kind of catch-all." A spokesman for Huntingdon Life Sciences told "The Guardian" after Nicholson's trial: "Freedom of expression and lawful protest are important rights, but so is the right to conduct vital biomedical research or to support organisations that perform such research without being harassed and threatened." Nicholson's father defended her activism. "She formed SHAC ... simply because the thought of animals being tortured for financial gain broke her heart," he told the "Western Mail" after learning of her sentence. "The campaign group ... had every right to stick up for trusting animals being subjected to pain. In my view, she’s a saint." Her parents are now looking after her four rescue dogs.
Further reading.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20841678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841678" title="Nicolas Farina">
Nicolas Farina

Nicolas Farina (born 9 August 1986 in Metz) is a French football defender playing for FC Energie Cottbus in the German 2. Bundesliga.
Career.
Farina began his career at FC Metz and was loaned out to AS Cannes in 2007–08. After a few years with FC Metz, he was released and signed on 2 July 2009 with Évian Thonon Gaillard FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20841681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841681" title="Phosacetim">
Phosacetim

Phosacetim is a toxic organophosphate compound which acts as an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and is used as a rodenticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20841683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841683" title="Double escrow">
Double escrow

Double escrow is a set of real estate transactions involving two contracts of sale for the same property, to two different back-to-back buyers, at the same or two different prices, arranged to close on the same day. At close of escrow, all participants, lenders, sellers, buyers and brokers are informed of all parties involved and all monies that change hands. 
For example, a double escrow might be arranged in which Alpha sells Greenacre to Beta, the sale to close at 10:00 am this morning; and Beta then immediately sells Greenacre to Gamma at 2:00 pm this afternoon. Because the two escrows are arranged to close back-to-back on the same day, they are regarded as one "double escrow." 
If the underlying purpose of the double escrow is legal, the double escrow will be legal. If the double escrow is undertaken for a criminal purpose, it will not be legal. Otherwise, whether legal or not, a double escrow may not be physically possible. 
By definition, both escrows must close on the same day, or it is not "double" escrow but two single escrows. The second sale cannot close until the deed from the first sale is recorded, which means the deed must be recorded on the same day that both closings happen. If a county clerk or recorder's office has a 10:00 am deadline for same-day recording, and if the first sale does not close until after that deadline; then the deed will not be recorded until the next day, and the second escrow cannot close on the same day as the first. This is one situation in which double escrow is impossible.
Another, possible more common reason for double escrow to be impossible is that the county clerk's office might not do same-day recording of deeds, especially if the county is understaffed. Many counties have a time lag of several days to several weeks (even a month or more) between accepting a deed for recording and actual recording (as of the date it was received). In these jurisdictions, double escrow will be completely impossible because the back-to-back sales may not even close during the same week or month, let alone on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="20841704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841704" title="Jack Berry">
Jack Berry

Jack Berry (1944–2003) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club St. Anne's and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1968 until 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20841714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841714" title="2004 Premier League Snooker">
2004 Premier League Snooker

The 2004 Betfair Premier League Snooker professional non-ranking snooker tournament was played from 10 January to 14 March 2004.
Stephen Hendry won in the final 9–6 against John Higgins.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: 
League phase.
Top four qualified for the play-offs. If points were level then most frames won determined their positions. If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions. If that ended 4–4 then the player who got to four first was higher. (Breaks above 50 shown between (parentheses); century breaks are indicated with bold.)
Play-offs.
13–14 March – Colwyn Bay Leisure Centre, Colwyn Bay, Wales
Century breaks.
The highest break was worth £6,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20841716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841716" title="Bert O'Connell">
Bert O'Connell

Bert O'Connell was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20841731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841731" title="Glenn Liebhardt">
Glenn Liebhardt

Glenn Liebhardt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20841750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841750" title="Buckhaven and Methil">
Buckhaven and Methil

Buckhaven and Methil was a Burgh of Scotland, centred on the towns of Buckhaven and Methil. It formed in 1891 and was abolished in 1975.
Buckhaven and Methil exist today as two towns although both are within the Levenmouth area according to a description given by Fife Council.
See also.
Levenmouth

</doc>
<doc id="20841755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841755" title="Adrienne de La Fayette">
Adrienne de La Fayette

Marie Adrienne Françoise de Noailles, marquise de La Fayette (2 November 1759 – 24 December 1807), the daughter of Jean de Noailles, and Henriette Anne Louise d'Aguesseau, married Gilbert du Motier, marquis de Lafayette.
They had four children: Henriette (1776–1778), Anastasie Louise Pauline du Motier (1777–1863), Georges Washington Louis Gilbert du Motier, (1779–1849), and Marie Antoinette Virginie du Motier (1782–1849). She was a great grand daughter of Françoise Charlotte d'Aubigné, niece of Madame de Maintenon.
Early life.
Adrienne was born, and grew up in the Hôtel de Noailles, the family residence in Paris, where was also celebrated, on 11 April 1774, her arranged marriage with Gilbert du Motier, marquis de Lafayette. The orphan Lafayette had inherited large estates that yielded an annual income of 150,000 "livres" ($1.5 million). Her mother, concerned with their youth, kept them apart for a year while she managed their courtship. In 1776, the young couple had a daughter, Henriette.
Lafayette went to visit his uncle, Emmanuel Marie Louis de Noailles, Ambassador to England. During a ball at Lord George Germain's, he met Lord Rawdon, met Sir Henry Clinton at the Opera, and met Lord Shelburne at breakfast. He left to return to France, and then America.
Adrienne was pregnant with Anastasie. The duc de Noailles got Lafayette orders to report to Italy. But, Lafayette left for Spain and America on 26 April 1777. In a letter to Adrienne, Lafayette wrote: 
Daughter Henriette died aged 22 months; she was to have six children in total, amongst whom (b. 1779) Georges Washington de La Fayette was eldest son.
In 1778, Adrienne is reported to have met Voltaire at the home of the duc de Choiseul: 
From July 1779 to March 1780, Lafayette returned to France to present a plan for French support of the Americans. An army was dispatched under the comte de Rochambeau. Lafayette drew 120,000 "livres", and gave Adrienne power of attorney. On 6 March 1780, Lafayette left for America.
After the victory at the Siege of Yorktown, Lafayette returned to France. On 22 January 1782, he was received at Versailles.
French Revolution.
In 1783, Lafayette bought a townhouse, at 183 rue de Bourbon, for 200,000 "livres" ($2 million). He and Adrienne were active in their salon, at the Hôtel de La Fayette, the headquarters of Americans in Paris, such as Benjamin Franklin, Mr. and Mrs. John Jay, and Mr. and Mrs. John Adams who met every Monday, and dined in company with family, and the liberal nobility, such as Clermont-Tonnerre, Madame de Staël, Morellet, and Marmontel.
Adrienne took a dislike to the pessimistic Gouverneur Morris, calling him an 'aristocrat'.
Lafayette joined the French abolitionist group Society of the Friends of the Blacks ("Société des amis des Noirs"), which advocated the end of the slave trade and equal rights for free Blacks. In 1783, in correspondence with Washington, he urged the emancipation of slaves; and to establish them as farmer tenants. Although Washington demurred, Lafayette purchased land in the French colony of Cayenne to "experiment" with education, and emancipation, at his plantation "La Belle Gabrielle".
On 15 July 1789, he was acclaimed commander-in-chief of the National Guard ("Garde nationale"). His moderate (Constitutional Monarchist) views were rejected by the Royalists (Legitimists or Orléanist), and he became marginalized, with the rise of the Girondists, and then Jacobin radicals, and the increasing polarisation of politics. Adrienne went with Lafayette to Chavaniac, in October 1791, after he lost the mayoral election.
After war was declared on Austria on 20 April 1792, Lafayette left for command of the army at Metz. After returning to Paris to defend the King, he was then accused of treason, and sought to escape to the Dutch Republic, but was arrested on 19 August by the Prussians at Rochefort, Belgium, and imprisoned at Wesel, and Magdeburg, Prussia. He was later transferred to the Austrians, and held at Olmutz. An escape attempt was unsuccessful.
Imprisonment.
On 10 September 1792, she was held under house arrest at Chavaniac. On 12 September 1792, she wrote M. Jacques Pierre Brissot: 
After March 1793, Adrienne met Jean-Baptiste Lacoste :fr:Jean-Baptiste Lacoste, a representative of the National Convention, at Brioude: 
Reign of Terror.
In May 1794, during the Reign of Terror, she was transferred to La Force Prison in Paris. Her grandmother, Catherine de Cossé-Brissac duchesse de Noailles, her mother, Henriette-Anne-Louise d'Aguesseau, duchesse d'Ayen, and sister, Anne Jeanne Baptiste Louise vicomtesse d'Ayen, were guillotined on 22 July 1794. She was transferred to the "Collège du Plessis" prison, then to a house on "rue des Amandiers", then to the Desnos house, "rue Notre-Dame des Champs". She was released on 22 January 1795, due to the efforts of Gouverneur Morris, James Monroe, and Elizabeth Monroe, who visited Adrienne in jail. In April 1795, Georges was sent to America, studied at Harvard, and stayed with George Washington.
Gouverneur Morris advanced her 100,000 "livres" of his own money. On 1 September 1795, Monroe issued Adrienne American passports for her and the Lafayette family, (since they had been granted Citizenship), and she traveled to Lafayette's place of imprisonment.
Prisoners of Olmütz.
Adrienne travelled to Vienna where, on 10 October 1795, she met with the Emperor. She obtained permission to join her husband, "I grant it to you, but as for his liberty, that would be impossible - my hands are tied, it is a complicated affair."
On 15 October 1795, she joined her husband, along with Anastasie, and Virginie, in the prison fortress of Olmütz. All of their money and baggage were confiscated. Their confinement became a "cause célèbre". A play about them was written: "The Prisoners of Olmütz, or Conjugal Devotion." John Parish, the United States consul in Hamburg, provided aid, but was unable to negotiate a release. (The United States did not have diplomatic relations with either Prussia or Austria).
On 18 September 1797, the family was released, under the terms of the Treaty of Campo Formio (18 October 1797).
Recovery.
They recuperated at Lhemkuln, Holstein near her sister Madame de Montagu, and aunt Madame de Tessé. At Mme de Tessé's Witmold, Anastasie married, Juste-Charles de la Tour-Maubourg, younger brother of another Olmütz detainee Charles César de Fay de La Tour-Maubourg, and Marie Victor de Fay, marquis de Latour-Maubourg. In 1798, Georges returned from America. Adrienne helped Mme de Montagu in her financial scheme to help the émigrés. In 1799, they moved to Vianen, near Utrecht. Lafayette remained exiled, but Adrienne returned to France.
Adrienne was active recovering properties in France, including from her mother's estate, "La Grange". Her sister, Mme de Montagu, settled at "Fontenay" :fr:Château de Fontenay. In 1799, with the fall of the Directory, she secured a passport for her husband's return to France. After Napoleon's plebiscite, on 1 March 1800, he restored Lafayette's citizenship, and removed his name from the "émigrés" list, along with the members of the Assemblée Nationale. Many of the returned exiles, and Charles James Fox came to visit at "La Grange".
They were about 200,000 "livres" in debt. Adrienne negotiated an indemnity for the seized Cayenne property. She recovered 500,000 "francs" in compensation of the confiscated Noailles property. She negotiated the sale of Brittany properties for 61,200 "livres", and monthly rents of 4,800 "livres". James Monroe brought Congress's grant of in the Ohio territory, and secured a loan from Baring Brothers & Co to repay creditors, including Morris.
In 1802, Georges de Lafayette married Emilie de Tracy, daughter of the Comte de Tracy. Georges entered the army, was wounded at the battle of Mincio, in 1800, and later was aide-de-camp to General Grouchy, and was with him at the Battle of Eylau, 1807, where he gave up his horse, after Grouchy's had been killed, at the risk of his own life. After that, he resigned his commission.
On 20 April 1803, Virginie married Louis de Lasteyrie at "La Grange". Their son, Jules de Lasteyrie (1810–1883) married Olivia de Rohan-Chabot (1813–1899), and lived at the château de la Grange-Bléneau for fifty-four years.
Adrienne found out from a lacemaker, Mlle Paris, the burial place of her relatives and other victims of the Terror. She was active with Mme de Montagu in raising funds to build memorials at the Picpus Cemetery.
Illness.
She was chronically ill after her incarcerations, suffering from stomach pains, blisters, sores and abscesses. A Dr. Sautereau stayed at "La Grange", and Dr. Lobinhes was on call from Paris. In 1807, during a trip to the Auvergne region, Adrienne became ill; she became delirious but recovered enough on Christmas Eve to gather the family around her bed; her last words to Lafayette were: ""Je suis toute à vous"" ("I am all yours"). Given the purchase of "saturne" (lead), Burton concludes that lead poisoning was the cause of death. She was buried at the Picpus cemetery, after her death on 24 December 1807.
Assessment.
Her husband wrote to M. de La Tour-Maubourg: 
Descendants of Adrienne de La Fayette.
Georges de Lafayette married Emilie de Tracy, daughter of the Comte de Tracy, in 1802; they had three daughters and two sons: Natalie, who married Adolphe Perrier, Malthilde, who married Maurice de Pusy (1799–1864), (son of Jean-Xavier Bureau de Pusy), Clémentine, who married "Gustave" Auguste Bonnin de La Bonninière de Beaumont, Oscar Thomas Gilbert, marquis de La Fayette (1815–1881), liberal politician, and Edmond.
Virginie married Louis de Lasteyrie on 20 April 1803. They had four children: Pauline, who married Charles de Rémusat, Mélanine, who married Francisque de Corcelle (a friend of de Tocqueville), in 1831, Octavie, and their son, Adrien Jules de Lasteyrie (1810–1883) married Olivia de Rohan-Chabot (1813–1899), the daughter of the "émigré" Louis de Rohan, Vicomte de Chabot, and Lady Charlotte Fitzgerald, daughter of the second Duke of Leinster.
Mélanine and Francisque had a daughter Marie Henriette Hélène "Marthe" Tircuy de Corcelle (6 June 1832, Paris - 17 November 1902, Paris), who married Charles Adolphe Pineton de Chambrun (10 August 1831, Marjevols - 13 September 1891, New York), a lawyer from New York, at the Église de la Madeleine on 8 June 1859.
Adrien Jules and Olivia had a son, Louis de Lasteyrie who married Olivia Mills Goodlake; they had two children, Gui de Lasteyrie (born 1878), and Louis de Lasteyrie (1881–1955). Louis married Louise Chodron Courcel, in 1908.
Anastasie de Lafayette married Juste-Charles de Fay de La Tour-Maubourg (Motte-Galaure, Drôme 8 June 1744, 28 May 1824); they had two children: Célestine Louise Henriette de Fay de La Tour-Maubourg (1799 - 16 July 1893), and Jenny de Fay de La Tour-Maubourg (6 September 1812 - 15 April 1897). His father was Claude Florimond de Faÿ (1712–1790), and his mother was Marie Françoise Vacheron Bermont (born 1712). His brother, Marie Victor de Fay, marquis de Latour-Maubourg, was a Cavalry Corps commander, survived the Russian Campaign and was wounded at the battle of Leipzig. His other brother, Charles César de Fay de La Tour-Maubourg was a prisoner at Olmutz. Their descendants include: Princess Donna Paola Ruffo di Calabria (born 11 September 1937, Forte dei Marmi, Italy), who married HRH Prince Albert, Prince of Liège, in Brussels, Belgium, on 2 July 1959, later King Albert II of Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="20841764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841764" title="Scilliroside">
Scilliroside

Scilliroside is a toxic compound derived from the plant "Drimia maritima" (syn. "Urginea maritima"), which is sometimes used as a rodenticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20841785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841785" title="Sid O'Neill">
Sid O'Neill

Sid O'Neill was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League. He played his only league game against University, in the back pocket. He was killed in action in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20841798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841798" title="Scott Davidson (musician)">
Scott Davidson (musician)

Scott Davidson played keyboards with Bros and Pet Shop Boys, before founding the Trade-It free advert paper and becoming a director and then chairman of Bristol City FC from 1996-2001. In 2003 Davidson was a co-founder of "The Big Fundraiser", now known as "The Invitation Book", a discount voucher annual which aims to raise money for charities, based on an American publication, "Entertainment". He also has interests in software development, property, manufacturing and publishing in Ireland. His current project is vouchercloud.com the digital voucher and discount platform which is responsible for the iPhone and Android app vouchercloud.

</doc>
<doc id="20841906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841906" title="Cistanthe parryi">
Cistanthe parryi

Cistanthe parryi (formerly "Calyptridium parryi") is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Parry's pussypaws. It is native to the southwestern United States and Baja California. It is a small annual herb producing spreading stems up to about 11 centimeters long. There is a basal rosette of small, thick, spoon-shaped leaves no more than about 3 centimeters long, with many along the stems as well. The inflorescence is a cluster a few centimeters wide, with each bearing three white petals surrounded by a few thin sepals. The fruit is a capsule less than a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="20841920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841920" title="Handsworth riots">
Handsworth riots

The Urban area, Handsworth, Birmingham UK, has suffered several riots and is notorious for its high crime rates and ghettoised attitudes towards the area. 
The Handsworth riots may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20841927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841927" title="Jim Pender">
Jim Pender

Jim Pender was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). One of four brothers to play in the VFL (the others being Dan, Mick and Laurie), Pender played with East Perth Football Club in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL) and in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) after his one season with Carlton. He was killed in action in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20841953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841953" title="Yale Seminar">
Yale Seminar

The Yale Seminar took place at Yale University, June 17-28, 1963 to consider the problems facing music education and to propose possible solutions. The National Science Foundation had sponsored science curriculum development in the late 1950s. President John F. Kennedy appointed the Panel on Educational Research and Development, which recommended that the K-12 music curriculum of previous decades be examined to discover why school music programs had not produced a musically literate and active public. The U.S. Office of Education Cooperative Research Program awarded a grant to Yale University, and Claude V. Palisca was appointed director of the Yale Seminar. Two areas of concern were identified: music materials and music performance.
Juilliard Repertory Project.
After the conclusion of the Yale Seminar, Dean Gideon Waldrop of Juilliard applied for a grant from the U.S. Office of Education to develop a large body of authentic and meaningful music materials to augment and enrich the repertory available to music teachers in the early grades. The grant was approved and the Project was established in July, 1964 with Vittorio Giannini as director. The Music Educators National Conference (MENC) indicated its support in the "Music Educators Journal". The purpose of the Project was to collect music of high quality to be used for teaching grades K-6. The repertory was complied by three groups: musicologists, music educators, and public elementary school music teachers. 230 vocal and instrumental works were included in the "Juilliard Repertory Library."

</doc>
<doc id="20841954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841954" title="AllStar">
AllStar

AllStar, sometimes referred as La Secta AllStar is the second album released by the Puerto Rican rock band of the same name. The album was released independently in 2001 and featured the hit songs "Dame lo Que Quieras", "Asesino", "Eso es Vivir", and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20841957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841957" title="Matt Yallof">
Matt Yallof

Matt Yallof (born September 24, 1968) is an American sportscaster for MLB Network, where he debuted June 3, 2009. Yallof hosts the regular season studio show "The Rundown" and also appears on "MLB Tonight" and "Quick Pitch."
Previously, he was the lead host of the New York Mets pre- and post-game show as well as a fill-in host for "The WheelHouse" and "Geico SportsNite" on SportsNet New York. Before that, he worked at Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia, where he won four regional Emmy awards. He also worked at WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York, CNN and CNN/SI.
Matt Yallof is a graduate of Muhlenberg College in Allentown, PA.

</doc>
<doc id="20841988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841988" title="Tyr, Russia">
Tyr, Russia

Tyr (; ) is a settlement in Ulchsky District of Khabarovsk Krai, Russia, located on the right bank of the Amur River, near the mouth of the Amgun River, about upstream from Nikolayevsk-on-Amur.
Tyr has been known as a historically Nivkh ("Gilyak") village, since no later than the mid-19th century.
Tyr's main claim to fame is that its location had been visited by both Yuan and Ming Dynasty expeditions, which sailed down the Sungari and Amur Rivers to establish a foothold in this region. Both times the visitors built temples and monuments on the spectacular Tyr Cliff south of today's settlement.
The remains of the Yuan era temple unearthed at the site by modern archaeologists date to the 1260s, while the two Ming temples, built during the Amur expeditions by the admiral eunuch Yishiha, were constructed in 1413 and 1433–1434, respectively.
The Ming Dynasty stelae and a column, put at the Tyr cliff by Yishiha, could still be seen "in situ" by the members of Russian Amur expeditions in the 1850s, but in the late 19th century the stelae were moved to the Arsenyev Museum in Vladivostok. A number of archaeological excavations have been conducted at the site since.

</doc>
<doc id="20841996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20841996" title="Qasimiya">
Qasimiya

Qasimiya or The Qasmi order, is a Naqshbandi in origin, and is based in a small village called Mohra Shareef located in the Murree hills of Punjab, Pakistan outside the Pakistani capital of Islamabad. It was made into a spiritual center by "Baba Ji" Muhammad Qasim Sadiq (b. 1263 A.H.). 
After the death of "Baba Ji" Muhammad Qasim Sadiq on 20 November 1943 the order at Mohra Sharif was led by his beloved son Pir Muhammad Zahid Khan Also sometimes referred as "Pir Khan Sahib Khawaja Gharib Nawaz". According to the followers of the order, Pir Muhammad Zahid Khan was chosen by "Baba Ji" Muhammad Qasim Sadiq in his lifetime. 
During his lifetime, Pir Muhammad Zahid Khan appointed his eldest son, Pir Aftab Ahmed Qasmi, his successor. But Pir Aftab Ahmed Qasmi died a year before Pir Muhammad Zahid Khan.
Pir Muhammad Zahid Khan died on 9 December 1993 and the order was led by his second son Hazrat Pir Keumras Badshah also known as Khawaja Pir Badshah Sahib, who died on 13 August 2008. After Pir Badshah's death, Pir Auliya Badshah Farooq Sahib become the third Sajjada Nasheen (Custodian of Saint's Tomb) of Mohra Sharif.
Religious festivals.
Twice a year, in last week of May and November, there are congregations, attended by thousands, held to commemorate Pir "Baba Ji" Muhammad Qasim Sadiq, Pir Muhammad Zahid Khan,Khawaja Pir Aftab Ahmed Qasmi and Khawaja Pir Badshah. 
External links.
Mohra Sharif Darbar
Mohra Sharif

</doc>
<doc id="20842008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842008" title="Xiamen BRT">
Xiamen BRT

Xiamen's Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) was formally put into operation on August 31, 2008 in the Chinese city of Xiamen and is considered China's first elevated BRT network. 
The system uses some dedicated elevated roadways as well as dedicated lanes on bridges which allow buses to reach speeds of 60 km/h. Due to its success, the city has won honors as the China's top transportation city for six years running with more than 30% of trips taken by public transport. 
Line.
The system currently has 3 operational lines.
BRT 1.
From No.1 Port to Xiamen North Railway Station in Jimei 
21 stops over 33.4 km and takes about 90mins
From Diyi Matou (No.1 Port) and ends at Wenxing Dong Rd (Qianpu)
17 bus stops over 18.7 km and takes about 50mins
BRT 2.
From Diyi Matou (No.1 Port) and ends at Xike. 
9 stops over 15.3 km and takes about 40 minutes
The fare is calculated by distance travelled.
The basic fare is 0.3rmb per km in non-air condition bus and 0.6rmb in air conditioned bus 
BRT 3.
From No.1 Port and ends at Qianpu.

</doc>
<doc id="20842009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842009" title="King Abdullah Canal">
King Abdullah Canal

The King Abdullah Canal is the largest irrigation canal system in Jordan and runs parallel to the east bank of the Jordan River. It was previously known as the East Ghor Main Canal and renamed in 1987 after Abdullah I of Jordan.
Water sources and technical features.
The main water source for the King Abdullah Canal (KAC) is the Yarmouk River and the Al-Mukhaibeh wells within the Yarmouk valley: farther south, additional water flows from Wadi el-Arab and from the Zarqa River, and its reservoir behind King Talal Dam. As a result of the 1994 Israel–Jordan peace treaty, some Yarmouk River water is also stored seasonally in Lake Tiberias, being conveyed through a pipe. The canal’s design capacity is 20 m3/second at the northern entrance of the Canal and 2.3 m3/second at its southern end. Water flows by gravity along its 110 km length, ranging in elevation from about 230 meters below sea level to almost 400 meters below. The Canal supplies water for irrigation and 90 million cubic meters/year of drinking water for Greater Amman through the Deir Allah-Amman carrier, which has been constructed in two phases in the mid-80s and in the early 2000s. The Zarqa River contains a mixture of treated wastewater and natural water flow, which influences the water quality downstream of the Zarqa River intake into the KAC.
History.
The canal was designed in 1957 and was built in phases. Construction began in 1959, and the first section was completed in 1961. By 1966, the upstream portion to Wadi Zarqa was completed. The canal was then 70 km in length, and was subsequently extended three times between 1969 and 1987. The United States, through United States Agency for International Development (USAID) provided financing for the initial phase of project, after obtaining explicit assurances from the Jordanian government that Jordan would not withdraw more water from the Yarmouk than the amount allocated to it according to the Johnston Plan. It was also involved in later phases.
The original canal was part of a larger project - the Greater Yarmouk project - which envisioned two storage dams on the Yarmouk, and a future West Ghor Canal, on the West Bank of the Jordan. This other canal was never built, because Israel captured the West Bank from Jordan during the 1967 Six-Day War. After the Six-Day War, the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) operated from bases within Jordan, and launched several attacks on Israeli settlements in the Jordan Valley, including attacks on water facilities. Israel responded with raids in Jordan, in an attempt to force king Hussein to rein in the PLO. The canal was the target of at least four of these raids, and was virtually knocked out of commission. The United States intervened to resolve the conflict, and the canal was repaired after Hussein undertook to stop PLO activity in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20842010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842010" title="The Moaners">
The Moaners

The Moaners are a Chapel Hill, North Carolina-based Indie rock band. They were previously signed to Yep Roc Records. In 2004, Melissa Swingle's band Trailer Bride broke up, and she formed The Moaners with drummer Laura King, formerly of the Chapel Hill band Grand National. 
The band is often compared to The White Stripes, as they are also a two-piece and employ a similar garage rock, bluesy style. The dark, southern gothic elements of Trailer Bride are also evident; however a major difference is that The Moaners have more an electric, punk rock style.
The band's first album, "Dark Snack" was produced by Rick Miller of the band Southern Culture on the Skids. Their next release, "Blackwing Yalobusha" was produced by former Squirrel Nut Zippers member Jimbo Mathus.

</doc>
<doc id="20842023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842023" title="Tryon Island">
Tryon Island

Tryon Island is a coral cay located in the southern Great Barrier Reef, 86 km northeast of Gladstone, Queensland, Australia, and 465 km north of the state capital Brisbane. The island is a protected area and forms part of Capricornia Cays National Park. It is part of the Capricornia Cays Important Bird Area. The cay covers an area of 0.21 square kilometres and is surrounded by a coral reef that is partially exposed at low-tide.
Geomorphology and landscape.
On Tryon Island, there is beach rock along the north western and south eastern beaches. The cay has in the past been covered with dense vegetation. 
The Capricorn and Bunker Cays form part of a distinct geomorphic province at the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef. The cays and their reefs lie on the western marginal shelf, and are separated from the mainland by the Curtis Channel. The cays are not generally visible from the mainland, although Masthead Island may be viewed from Mount Larcom on a clear day.
Geologically, the cays are young, having developed during the Holocene period, they are mostly around 5000 years old. The sea level was much lower during the last Ice Age (at the end of the Pleistocene period) and the coastal plane on which today’s reefs and cays developed was completely exposed. Early in the Holocene (around 10,000 years ago), the sea level began to rise until it stabilised at its present level around 6000 years ago. Once the sea level stabilised, it was possible for reef flats to expand and provide potential sites for the formation of cays. 
Tryon Island is a vegetated sand cay placed atop of a platform reef.
History.
Discovery.
In 1799, the new ship "Albion", owned by Messrs Champion, spent the two winters whaling, first off the Australian and then the New Zealand coasts. In 1803 Captain Eber Bunker of the whaling ship "Albion" was the first European to discover the region and gave his name to the southern group.
During a second whaling voyage from England in the "Albion", he discovered the Bunker Islands off the Queensland coast.
The "Albion" weighed 362 tons and registered in London, the ship was fitted with 10 guns, and a crew of 26; she was built in Deptfordand, Britain ownered by, Messrs. Champion; and used for general cargo
The southern cays and reefs were first chartered between 1819 and 1821 by Lieutenant Phillip Parker King RN initially in the "Mermaid" and later in the "Bathurst". The main charting exercise for all the islands and reefs was carried out in 1843 under the command of Captain Francis Blackwood in HMS "Fly", which was accompanied by the "Bramble". The naturalist, Professor J. Beete Jukes, was on board the "Fly" and his published journal provides valuable information on some of the cays.
Guano Mining 1890–1900s.
Tryon Island was probably mined for guano from 1898 to 1900, but it has been suggested that those operations must have been small, since few indications of mining remain in the landscape compared with some of the other islands within the group Fairfax Islands, Lady Elliot Island and North West Island.
Shell and coral collecting during the 1960s.
In the 1963–1969, the eastern portion of the reef surrounding Tryon Island was used for coral collecting on a lease by Joyce Burnett & Sirian Hamilton Harlow. In 1968 Harold Frederick Manning was also given a lease for the below low water mark on the northwestern corner of Tryon reef.
Tryon Island anti-influenza drugs 1969.
At the end of 1969, Graeme Laver, Professor of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the Australian National University in Canberra, organised a trip to Tryon Island and discovered that sea birds on the Great Barrier Reef are riddled with influenza viruses. He collected sera from 201 shearwaters, tested them on the spot, and to his surprise, he discovered some birds had antibodies against antigens of Influenzavirus A and some of these avian antibodies are inhibitory to specific viral neuraminidases. Live viruses were also harvested from these birds on Tryon Island and a novel N9 neuraminidase was identified. Crystals of this neuraminidase were later prepared for X-ray diffraction analysis to elucidate the enzyme's three-dimensional structure, yielding information useful to many pharmaceuticals, such as Gilead Sciences, Hoffmann La Roche, BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoWellcome, Eli Lilly and Company, Abbott Labs., ZymeTx Corporation and Pfizer Ltd. in the design and synthesis of novel neuraminidase inhibitors which these companies hoped to market as anti-influenza drugs. In particular, Gilead Sciences in the United States developed a carbocyclic, orally bioavailable neuraminidase inhibitor currently marketed under the name Tamiflu.
Scale insect outbreak 1993.
In August 1993, shortly before Tryon Island was incorporated into the Capricornia Cays National Park in 1994, an outbreak of the scale insect "Pulvinaria urbicola" was detected on the island’s pisonia forest. At this time, Tryon’s pisonia covered nearly half the island. 
This was the first known scale outbreak in a pisonia forest of the Capricornia Cays, and one of the world’s earliest records. Expectations were that natural predators, such as ladybirds and parasitic wasps, would bring the outbreak under control. At various points the forests appeared to be recovering, with previously affected trees showing new growth. Ultimately the repeated scale infestations killed many pisonia, taking 7–8 years before scale numbers subsided. 
Even after the outbreak had ended, the forest did not regenerate as might have been expected. Today, 90 percent of Tryon Island’s original pisonia forest has gone. 
Once it became clear that the forest could not recover naturally, Queensland Parks & Wildlife Service began a revegetation program, with trial plantings in 2004 and 2005 and then a more comprehensive trial in July 2006. A successful ant-baiting program has also significantly reduced Tryon Island’s introduced ant population, with no visible effects on native species. 
The main lesson was that like a wildfire, once underway, outbreaks of this kind apparently will not subside before most, if not all, of the island’s pisonia is gone.
Current uses.
Much of this area comes under the Capricornia Cays National Park with current usages including camping, permitted on four cays up to the following limits:
The area also has many visits by both passing vessels cruising the Queensland cost and day trippers in fast jet catamarans (typically Lady Musgrave Island).
The area is also of significances as a fishery particularly for king prawns.
Ecology.
Flora.
The centre of the island is dominated by a dense forest of "Pisonia" (both Birdcatcher Pisonia and "Pisonia grandis") vegetation while Screwpine tree, Velvet Soldierbush and she-oaks are found around the island fringes.
Fauna.
The Capricorn Silvereye, a small bird endemic to the southern Great Barrier Reef, is found on the island.
Introduced ants.
Introduced ants have been found at Tryon Island and the site of other scale outbreaks in Australia and elsewhere. Their role in farming scale and interfering with natural parasites and predators may be central to maintaining an outbreak. In the Capricornia Cays, the African big-head ant "Pheidole megacephala" is associated with all outbreaks, whereas in the Coral Sea it is the guinea ant "Tetramorium bicarinatum".
Known shipwrecks on the reef.
Agnes was a 2 mast wooden schooner 82 feet in length and 96 tons. Built in Singapore in 1875 was wrecked on North Reef or Tryon Island reef on a voyage from Sydney to Townsville with general cargo of wool on the 16th of September 1878

</doc>
<doc id="20842030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842030" title="Bombón de Azúcar (album)">
Bombón de Azúcar (album)

Bombón de Azúcar is the first album released by the Puerto Rican rock band La Secta AllStar. The album was released in 1999. The title song, written by lead singer Gustavo Laureano, was previously released by Ricky Martin.
The album was re-released in 2007 with new cover art.

</doc>
<doc id="20842042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842042" title="Apple Store (disambiguation)">
Apple Store (disambiguation)

Apple Store can refer to several retail operations of Apple Inc.:

</doc>
<doc id="20842045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842045" title="Hugh Plowman">
Hugh Plowman

Hugh McDonald Plowman (21 April 1889 – 19 July 1916) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League. Also an adept cricketer, he enlisted in the army during World War I. He met the Prince of Wales after receiving his commission as an officer, but was killed in action in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20842053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842053" title="Solar thermal energy in Australia">
Solar thermal energy in Australia

Australia is well placed to harness solar thermal energy. Solar thermal energy is used in three main ways: solar hot water heating, production of steam for electricity generation and space heating through building design.
Environmental importance.
85% of electricity in Australia is generated by coal-fired power stations. They produce 42% of Australia's greenhouse gas emissions. The IPCC has recommended that developed nations such as Australia cut greenhouse gas emissions by 25 to 40% by 2020 and 80 to 95% by 2050. The Garnaut Climate Change Review found that Australia is highly vulnerable to global warming caused by climate change because of the effects of global warming on Australia. The Great Barrier Reef, Kakadu and Murray Darling Basin are all threatened by climate change. Sea level rise threatens much of the highly populated Australian coast line, including the Gold Coast. The Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme and Mandatory Renewable Energy Target are intended to reduce Australia's emissions and the further development of techniques to harness solar thermal energy are critical to that effort.
Solar resources of Australia.
Of all the continents, Australia has the highest average amount of solar radiation per square metre per annum. The amount is from 1500 to 1900 kWh/m2/yr, mainly depending on location. Australia’s total current primary energy consumption of approximately 5500 PJ/a could be met by an area of 4000 km2 of solar collectors with an average of 20% conversion efficiency. If this were built as a power station with land coverage of 20% it would be 138 × 138 km. The collector area has been described as being approximately the same as the area of domestic house roofs available nationally.
Research.
The CSIRO conducts research into solar thermal energy. The newly established UNSW Centre for Energy Research and Policy Analysis also conducts research into solar thermal energy and associated topics.
The ANU Solar Thermal Group at Australian National University in Canberra works on solar thermal energy, with emphasis on high-temperature concentrators, solar air conditioning, and thermochemical energy storage.
Development.
2009 Commonwealth budget announcement.
The Australian Government, under the Clean Energy Initiative and the Solar Flagships Program, will invest $1.5 billion in up to 4 large-scale solar power generation projects. The Program will aim to create an additional 1000 megawatts of solar power generation capacity in Australia. The largest solar energy project currently operating anywhere in the world is only one third of that size.
Commercial applications.
Domestic.
Solar hot water.
Australia has a small but long established solar hot water industry.
Industrial.
Electricity generation.
Liddell Power Station, New South Wales has a concentrating solar thermal adjunct to the coal-fired power station. It was designed by Solar Heat & Power Pty Ltd, now part of AUSRA 
Cloncurry, Queensland is to be the site of a 10 MW power station using 8,000 mirrors to reflect sunlight onto graphite blocks. Water pumped through the blocks will be turned into steam to power a conventional steam turbine connected to a generator. The estimated cost is AUD30M of which the Queensland government has committed AUD7M.

</doc>
<doc id="20842081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842081" title="Aldis Hodge">
Aldis Hodge

Aldis Hodge (born September 20, 1986) is an American actor best known for portraying Alec Hardison on the TNT series "Leverage".
Life and career.
Aldis Alexander Basil Hodge was born in Onslow County, North Carolina on September 20, 1986. Both of his parents, (Aldis Basil Hodge and Yolette Evangeline Richardson), served in the U.S. Marine Corps. Hodge's mother is from Florida, while his father is originally from Dominica.
Hodge played both the clarinet and the violin as a child, but as an adult, his focus is on the violin; he purchased his first at the age of 18. In addition to acting, Hodge designs watches, writes, paints, and attends the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, although he does take breaks from attending full-time due to his acting work.
In 2007, Hodge was awarded the role of Alec Hardison on the day of his twenty-first birthday. In 2010, he received a Saturn Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor in Television for this role on "Leverage" The win went to Aaron Paul of AMC's "Breaking Bad".
As of June 2012, Hodge expressed interest in playing the lead role in a "Black Panther" film.
Aldis is the younger brother of actor Edwin Hodge.

</doc>
<doc id="20842088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842088" title="Golgi II">
Golgi II

A Golgi II or Golgi type II neuron is a neuron having either no axon or else a short axon that does not send branches out of the gray matter of the central nervous system.

</doc>
<doc id="20842101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842101" title="Germantown, North Carolina">
Germantown, North Carolina

Germantown is a community in Hyde County, North Carolina. It is at the intersection of Swindell Rd. (NC-1141) and NC-1140. Germantown is approximately 52.66 miles east-southeast of Greenville, North Carolina, 44 miles southeast of Williamston, North Carolina, and 240.4 miles south-southeast of Washington, D.C., at an elevation of 1 meter. Germantown is also known for having a lot of German Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20842126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842126" title="2003 Premier League Snooker">
2003 Premier League Snooker

The 2003 Hasseröder Premier League Snooker professional non-ranking snooker tournament was played from 11 January to 11 May 2003.
Marco Fu won in the final 9–5 against Mark Williams.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: 
League phase.
Top four qualified for the play-offs. If points were level then most frames won determined their positions. If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions. If that ended 4–4 then the player who got to four first was higher. (Breaks above 50 shown between (parentheses); century breaks are indicated with bold.)
Play-offs.
10–11 May – Crowtree Leisure Centre, Sunderland, England

</doc>
<doc id="20842151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842151" title="Walter Russell Bowie">
Walter Russell Bowie

Walter Russell Bowie (October 8, 1882–April 23, 1969), was a priest, author, editor, educator, hymn writer, and lecturer in the Episcopal Church (United States).
Biography.
Walter Russell Bowie was born in Richmond, Virginia. He received a B.A. (1904) and M.A. (1905) from Harvard University and an B.D. (1909) and D.D. (1919) from Protestant Episcopal Theological Seminary, now known as Virginia Theological Seminary. He was married to Jean Laverack on September 29, 1909.
Bowie was ordained as a priest in 1909, serving at three Episcopal churches and two theological seminaries. He served as a Red Cross chaplain at Base Hospital 45 in France during World War I. Bowie's advocacy for what was becoming known as the Social Gospel was given expression in his support for the League of Nations, advocacy for US immigration reform, his opposition to the Ku Klux Klan and Fundamentalism.
As a Harvard undergraduate Bowie was co-editor of The Harvard Crimson, with Franklin D. Roosevelt. While in Richmond he was editor of The Southern Churchman. He was a member of the editing team for Interpreter's Bible series and the Editorial Committee for Revised Standard Version of the Bible.

</doc>
<doc id="20842172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842172" title="A Boyfriend for Christmas">
A Boyfriend for Christmas

A Boyfriend for Christmas is a 2004 American romantic Christmas film starring Patrick Muldoon and Kelli Williams, which aired November 27, 2004 on the Hallmark Channel.
Plot.
When she was 13, after she helped a boy take his little sister to see Santa, Holly Grant told a shopping mall Santa Claus that she would like to have a boyfriend for Christmas. Twenty years later, Holly is a romantic skeptic and is more focused on her career as a social worker. At the time, she is in court helping a mother get her children back from foster care. When the mother's lawyer, Ryan Hughes, does not show up in court, Holly is extremely angry and sends Hughes a letter via her secretary. On Christmas Day, she opens her door to a man carrying a Christmas tree and a bow on his chest. He hands her a note that says, "As promised, one boyfriend for Christmas," and introduces himself as Douglas Firwood. She assumes he is a gag present from her friend Diane, and invites him into her home. Later that day she takes him with her to her parents' house for Christmas dinner. Hoping to keep her matchmaking family, especially her manipulative sister-in-law Carol, off her back, she tells everyone that Douglas is her long-term boyfriend, and Douglas plays along. On New Year's Eve, Holly learns from her scheming ex-boyfriend Ted that Douglas is really Ryan Hughes, who was sent to her by Santa Claus. She accuses him of lying to her and tells him to leave. After persuasion by Santa Claus and refusing Ted's marriage proposal, she follows Ryan. They meet up at a park, where they finally remember where they first met - at age 13 when she helped him take his little sister to see Santa - and they watch the New Year's fireworks together.
Release.
Television.
"A Boyfriend for Christmas" was a made-for-TV production, which aired on the Hallmark Channel November 27, 2004. It earned a 2.7 Nielsen Media Research household rating, placing it as the number two broadcast for its time period for ad-supported cable networks, and the number one broadcast for adults aged 25–54 and women aged 25–54.
Critical reviews.
A review in "TV Guide" says of the film "like fruitcake, is sweet but full of empty calories."
In "The New York Times", "A Boyfriend for Christmas" is identified as bland, yet pleasant and harmless."
DVD.
The DVD was released on November 8, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20842193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842193" title="Golgi I">
Golgi I

A Golgi I or Golgi type I neuron is a neuron which has a long axon that begins in the grey matter of the central nervous system and may extend from there. Golgi II neurons, in contrast, are defined as having short axons or no axon at all. This distinction was introduced by the pioneering neuroanatomist Camillo Golgi, on the basis of the appearance under a microscope of neurons stained with the Golgi stain that he had invented. Santiago Ramón y Cajal postulated that higher developed animals had more Golgi type II cells in comparison to Golgi type I neurons.

</doc>
<doc id="20842203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842203" title="Yishiha">
Yishiha

Yishiha (, Wade-Giles: Ishiha or I-shih-ha; also Išiqa or Isiha Jurchen: ) (fl. 1409–1451) was a eunuch in the service of the Ming Dynasty emperors of China who carried out several expeditions down the Sungari and Amur Rivers, and is credited with the construction of the only two Ming Dynasty Buddhist temples ever built on the territory of today's Russia.
Early life.
It is believed that Yishiha was a Haixi Jurchen by origin,
and was captured by the Chinese forces in the late 14th century.
He worked under two important eunuchs, Wang Zhen and Cao Jixiang.
It is speculated by modern historians that he rose to prominence by participating in the court politics and serving Yongle's concubines of Manchurian (Jurchen) origin.
Amur expeditions.
Yishiha's Amur expeditions belong to the same period of the Yongle Emperor's reign (1402–1424) which saw another eunuch admiral, Zheng He, sail across the Indian Ocean, and Chinese ambassadors reach the Timurid capital Herat (in today's Afghanistan) overland.
By 1409, Yongle's government, who had already established relations with the Haixi and Jianzhou Jurchens in southern Manchuria, ordered Yishiha to start preparations for an expedition to the lower Amur River region, to demonstrate the power of the Ming Empire to the Nurgan Jurchen populating the area and induce them to enter into relations with the empire, and to ensure that they would not create trouble for the Ming state when the latter went to war with the Eastern Mongols.
In 1411, after two years of preparations, Yishiha's fleet of 25 ships with 1000 men aboard sailed from Jilin City down the Sungari and into the Amur. The "Nurgan Jurchens" offered little oppositions to Yishiha's expedition. He gave generous gifts to their tribal leaders, and established a Nurgan Regional Military Commission, at the place the Chinese called Telin (特林), near today's village of Tyr in Russia's Khabarovsk Krai. This was the same place where in 1260–1320 the Yuan had the headquarters of their Marshal of the Eastern Campaigns. The commission's authority covered much of the Amur basin, including the shores of the Sungari, Ussuri, Urmi, Muling, and Nen Rivers. Yishiha then returned to the empire, taking with him a tribute-bearing mission of 178 "Nurgan Jurchens".
In 1413–1414, during his second expeditions to the lower Amur, Yishiha stayed almost a year at Tyr. He built a Buddhist temple (sometimes described as a "monastery") named Yongning Si (永宁寺, the Temple of Eternal Peace) dedicated to Guanyin on the Tyr Cliff, and erected a stele describing his expedition, with the text in Chinese, Mongol, and Jurchen languages. The stele, presently kept in the Arseniev Museum in Vladivostok, described the locals as good archers and fishermen, and their clothes as made of fishskin. According to some evidence (a seal issued by the empire's Ministry of Rites, found in Yilan County, Heilongjiang), in 1413 Yishiha also visited the nearby coast of the Sakhalin Island, and granted Ming titles to a local chieftain.
While no detailed ethnographic data about the "Nurgan Jurchens" has been found in Chinese records, it was, apparently, a collective name for the Tungusic peoples and possibly other groups (e.g. Nivkh) populating the area. As of the mid-19th century, Tyr was a Gilyak (Nivkh) settlement, as attested by a contemporary encyclopedia and the book by E.G. Ravenstein, based on the accounts of the Russian explorers of the 1850s. Another ethnic group native to the Ulchsky District (where Tyr is located) are the Ulch people, a Tungusic people, but their home villages are all located upstream from Tyr.
During the rest of Yongle's reign, Yishiha carried out three more expeditions to Nurgan, while the Nurgan natives sent some more tribute and trade missions to the Ming court.
Yongle's successor (short-lived Hongxi (r. 1424–25), or, more likely, Xuande (r. 1425–35)) continued Yongle's policy toward the "Wild Jurchens". In 1425, the Liaodong regional commissioner, Liu Qing, was ordered to build ships for another expedition down the river, and in 1426 Yishiha sailed again.
Yishiha's last mission was connected to the retirement of the Nurgan chief and the "inauguration" of his son as his successor. Yishiha attended at that event in 1432, presenting the new chief a seal of authority and giving gifts to subordinate chieftains. This time Yishiha's fleet included 50 big ships with 2,000 soldiers, and they actually brought the new chief (who had been living in Beijing) to Tyr.
As Yishiha's first (1413) Yongning Si temple had been destroyed by that time, Yishiha had a second temple of the same name built. According to the modern archaeologists, his second temple was not built at the site of his first temple (as it had been commonly believed), but rather at the site of its ancient predecessor – the Yuan Dynasty Yongning Si temple. As the archaeological research has revealed, the 1413 temple was located some 90 meters to the west of the top of the Tyr Cliff, where Yishiha's 1430s temple (and its Yuan predecessor) were located. A second stele was put next to the second temple. The stele has also survived, and has been moved south by the Russians for keeping at the Arsenyev Primorye Museum in Vladivostok.
According to modern historians, Yishiha made the total of nine expeditions to the Lower Amur. 
Later career.
In the 1430s the Xuande government stopped sending sea and river expeditions, and the naval (or, rather, riverine) career of Yishiha came to an end, as did that of his more famous colleague Zheng He. In 1435 Yishiha was put in charge of the defense of the Liaodong region; he remained at this post for over 15 years. Apparently, his performance during the raids of the Oirad Mongol chief Esen Tayisi was considered unsatisfactory, and some time between 1449 and 1451 his was relieved of his duties. No later traces of him have been found by modern historians.

</doc>
<doc id="20842209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842209" title="Mark Paul Deren">
Mark Paul Deren

Mark Paul Deren (born June 23, 1980), more commonly known as MADSTEEZ, is an artist and designer based in California.
His visual style has attracted clients such as Nike, Inc., Target Corporation, Red Bull, Boost Mobile, Honda, Boosted, Volkswagen, MCA Records, Interscope Records, Stüssy, Evisu, Ben Sherman, Capita Snowboards, Armada Skis, Rusty, Salomon, Lemonade Magazine, Wallin Surfboards, ActivEmpire, ActionSports Group, So Sweet Records, 411VM, Palace 5ive, and Bl!SSS Magazine.
As an artist, he has held solo exhibitions in New York City, Los Angeles, and Tokyo. He has had group showings in London, Germany, Seattle, Portland, Vancouver, Calgary and Art Basel, Miami.
Timeline.
In 2005, Deren was featured in the "New York Times".
In 2006, under his moniker "MADSTEEZ", Deren made an exclusive content deal with cellular company Boost Mobile, "offering its youth wireless customers an opportunity to own a piece of limited edition artwork on their Boost Mobile phone for a fraction of the gallery price."
In 2007 he completed a creative collaboration with the actor/artist Dennis Hopper.
In July 2009, Deren partnered with Nike, Inc. and released a signature series shoe named the "STINKWEEN".
Acclaim.
Madsteez has received recognition in the following publications and websites: "The New York Times, Flaunt, Dazed and Confused, Nylon, Black Book, Vapors, Paper, Mass Appeal, Death and Taxes, Time Out, Stuff, URB, Vice, Apparel News, AlternativePress, Happy, SG, Get On, XLR8R, Lemonade, OC Weekly, 411, Riviera," woostercollective.com, thefader.com, dorkmag.com, knowngallery.com, highsnobiety.com and boostedmobile.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20842212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842212" title="Terrier Orion">
Terrier Orion

The Terrier Orion is a combination of the Terrier booster rocket with the Orion rocket used as a second stage. This spin stabilized rocket configuration is most often used by the Goddard Space Flight Center, who operate out of the Wallops Flight Facility for sounding rocket operations. The system supports payloads ranging from , and is capable of achieving altitudes as high as , but at least , depending on payload size.
Technical details.
The Terrier Orion system is designed to be rail launched, and can be supported at most fixed and mobile launch sites. The Terrier MK 12 Mod 1 or Mk70 rocket used for the first stage uses an diameter motor along with or cruciform configured tail fins. The Improved Orion motor used in the second stage is in diameter and long. The system typically uses spin motors and has a total weight of approximately , excluding payload.
The Improved Orion motor uses a "bi-phase propellant" system which provides it with around of thrust during the first four seconds of motor burn. The thrust then tails off to approximately of thrust until burnout occurs at around 25 seconds. The fins are normally configured so that the rocket will have a stabilizing spin rate of approximately four cycles per second.

</doc>
<doc id="20842220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842220" title="It Started With a Love Affair">
It Started With a Love Affair

"It Started with a Love Affair" is a 1989 song first performed by Swedish singer Jerry Williams. The song was written by Norell Oson Bard.
Chart performance.
The song charted for three weeks (from June 10-24, 1989) on the Swedish "Trackslistan" and peaked at number seven in its final week before the summer hiatus.
Covers.
A Swedish version, with lyrics by Keith Almgren, called "En kärleksaffär" (eng. "A Love Affair") has been recorded by Mats Rådberg & Rankarna and later by Matz Bladhs (1991 on the album "Leende dansmusik 91").

</doc>
<doc id="20842231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842231" title="Juan Cañete">
Juan Cañete

Juan León Cañete (born 27 July 1929 in Paraguay) is a former football forward from Paraguay.
Cañete started his career in Club Presidente Hayes before playing for Brazilian sides Botafogo and Vasco da Gama, in which he won the Campeonato Carioca. In 1951, he was one of several Paraguayan footballers to play for Boca Juniors de Cali.
At the national team level, Cañete was part of the Paraguay squad that competed in the 1950 FIFA World Cup; as well as taking part in the 1955 Copa America, 1956 Copa America and 1959 Copa America.

</doc>
<doc id="20842236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842236" title="Christian demons in popular culture">
Christian demons in popular culture

References to supernatural evil - the devil, hell, demons and angels and the occult - from the Hebrew Bible and later Jewish and Christian literature have repeated reference in popular culture. Although many of these references share only the name and a loose connection with supernatural and or evil with the source.
Christian demonology has had appeared many times in popular culture. This is reflected in:
Otherwise names of gods and demons from Jewish and Christian sources are taken up in film, TV, comics and video games.
Hebrew Bible.
The god Adramelech is a variant of Moloch mentioned in 2 Kings
Graeco-Roman Literature.
Demogorgon is a god mentioned in a commentary on a Greek poem.
In the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, Demogorgon is considered Prince of Demons, though this title doesn't grant him absolute authority. In the video game "NetHack", Demogorgon is considered the most difficult monster. Demogorgon also appears as the final enemy of the Commodore 64 game "Forbidden Forest" and its sequel, "Beyond the Forbidden Forest".
Demogorgon is also shown in the game "". He is found in the bottom floor in Watcher's Keep. He is considered the strongest monster in the game. Demogorgons appear as enemies in "Progress Quest", though often with various prefixes and suffixes to denote how strong they are.
Demogorgon's name was earlier invoked by Faustus in Scene III of Christopher Marlowe's "Doctor Faustus" (1590) when the eponymous Doctor summons Mephistopheles with a Latin incantation.
Edmund Spenser mentioned him briefly in "The Faerie Queene":
A bold bad man, that dar'd to call by name
<br>Great Gorgon, Prince of darknesse and dead night,
<br>At which Cocytus quakes, and Styx is put to flight. (Canto I, stanza 37)
He is also the protagonist of an opera by Vincenzo Righini (1786) with a libretto by Lorenzo da Ponte.
Demogorgon is the title of a poem by Álvaro de Campos, in which the writer is afraid of becoming mad by learning the true nature and unveiling the mystery of life.
Demogorgon also appears in the book "Olympos" by Dan Simmons, where it is also described as a dark and shapeless mass. It is portrayed as being neither good nor evil, but all-knowing.
Demogorgon is the title of a 1987 horror novel by English author "Brian Lumley". In this it is a demon manifesting Satan's reproductive power and is used by the anti-christ on earth as a herald and weapon.
Demogorgon also appears in Samuel Taylor Coleridge's Poem "Limbo" written in 1799.
Demogorgon is mentioned in Hunter S. Thompson's novel "The Rum Diary", by the character Moberg:
"'Lotterman thinks I'm a Demogorgon,' he would say. 'You know what that is? Look it up - no wonder he doesn't like me.'"
Medieval Christian demonology.
Gressil was a demon named in the Loudun possessions in 1634:
'List of succubi in fiction

</doc>
<doc id="20842244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842244" title="Tanglewood Symposium">
Tanglewood Symposium

The Tanglewood Symposium was a conference that took place from July 23 to August 2, 1967 in Tanglewood, Massachusetts. It was sponsored by the (MENC) in cooperation with the Berkshire Music Center, the Theodore Presser Foundation, and the School of Fine and Applied Arts of Boston University. The purpose was to discuss and define the role of music education in contemporary American society and to make recommendations to improve the effectiveness of music instruction. Participants included sociologists, scientists, labor leaders, educators, representatives of corporations, musicians, and people involved with other aspects of music. 
The Symposium.
Position papers had been published in the March and April, 1967 issues of the "Music Educators Journal". The papers served as the bases for discussion at the 1967 MENC divisional conferences and for the Tanglewood Symposium. The sessions were moderated by Max Kaplan, Wiley Lee Housewright (1913–2003), Allen P. Britton, David P. McAllester, and Karl D. Ernst. Three broad questions were considered:
The Tanglewood Declaration.
The Tanglewood Symposium is summarized in the statement entitled "The Tanglewood Declaration," which provided a philosophical basis for future developments in music education. Of particular importance, the Declaration called for music to be placed in the core of the school curriculum. 

</doc>
<doc id="20842245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842245" title="KFG">
KFG

KFG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20842246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842246" title="Robert McKechnie">
Robert McKechnie

Dr. Robert E. McKechnie (April 25, 1861 – May 24, 1944) was a physician and the second chancellor of the University of British Columbia.
Early life.
McKechnie was born in Brockville, Ontario on April 25, 1861. After completing his secondary school education in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, he began his studies at McGill University in 1886. After receiving his medical degree from McGill in 1890, he moved to British Columbia the following year, and practiced medicine in the Nanaimo area for 10 years. He was later elected to the Council of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of British Columbia in 1896, and served as its president in 1897, 1906, and 1910. McKechnie also held the positions of senior surgeon, member of the Board of Directors, and Life Governor at Vancouver General Hospital. He was elected the first president of the British Columbia Medical Association in 1899. He later moved to Vancouver in 1904, where he remained for the rest of his career.
He helped found the American College of Surgeons and the North Pacific Surgical Society, and was president of the Canadian Medical Association in both 1914 and 1920. McKechnie was awarded the Honour of "Prince of Good Fellows" by the Vancouver Medical Association in 1928. Becoming a charter member of the Royal College of Surgeons of Canada in 1931, he presented later that year the Osler Lecture in Vancouver.
In addition to his medical career, McKechnie also ventured into politics. He was elected the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Nanaimo in 1898, and served as a Minister without portfolio in the provincial government of Premier Charles Augustus Semlin.
University of British Columbia.
He lectured in medical history at the University of British Columbia before being elected to its senate in 1912 and becoming its second chancellor in 1918, holding the latter position until his death in 1944. He was the university's longest-serving chancellor, serving for 26 years. During this time, he wrote several articles for medical journals, published a book about the history of medicine on the Northwest Coast, and started the British Columbia Place Names project. McKechnie received several accolades, including honorary degrees from McGill University in 1912 and the University of British Columbia in 1925, the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal for services to Canada, and was later made Commander of the Order of the British Empire. He died on May 24, 1944 in Vancouver. An elementary school named in his honor, the Dr. R. E. McKechnie Elementary School, was opened by Dr. Wallace Wilson on November 22, 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20842279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842279" title="Buffalo Killers">
Buffalo Killers

Buffalo Killers are an American rock band comprising guitarist and vocalist Andrew Gabbard, bass guitarist and vocalist Zachary Gabbard and drummer Joseph Sebaali. The band was formed in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 2006 following the dissolution of Thee Shams, of which the trio were members. Buffalo Killers were quickly signed by Alive Records and their self-titled debut album was released in October 2006; "Buffalo Killers" drew the attention of Chris Robinson, who invited the band to open a string of dates for The Black Crowes in 2007. Buffalo Killers' second album, "Let It Ride", was produced by Dan Auerbach of The Black Keys and released in July 2008.
History.
Early years and formation.
Andrew and Zachary Gabbard grew up in a musical household with a guitar-playing father, who taught them to play the instrument at an early age. Zach recalls growing up "listening to Neil Young, The Grateful Dead, CSNY and New Riders of the Purple Sage from as long back as I can remember." With access to their father's record collection and musical instruments, Zach says he and his brother were "groomed" to make a career of playing music. Zach formed the garage rock band Thee Shams in 1999; the five-piece band included the other two future members of Buffalo Killers. Thee Shams released four albums on four record labels before the Gabbard brothers broke up the band in late 2005. "In the end it was broke and the road only made it worse", said Zach, adding, "It was best to move on, take a break and re-evaluate the situation". In early 2006, the Gabbard brothers recruited Sebaali to plays drums (he had played keyboards in Thee Shams) and formed Buffalo Killers. The new band's sound was a "more polished version" of Thee Shams' minimalist garage rock, but "still rooted in that great sweaty and swampy blues-rock inspired by '60s garage rock psychedelia", wrote Rick Bird of "The Cincinnati Post". Other reviewers compared the band to Blue Cheer, Mountain and The Rolling Stones.
"Buffalo Killers"–present.
Shortly after the band's formation, Buffalo Killers began gigging throughout Ohio and recorded a five-song demo with producer John Curley. Though the band intended to release the demo independently, Zach sent copies to record labels on a lark. Less than a week later the band received a call from Alive Records; the label "liked the recordings so much that they wanted to release them as they were", according to Zach. Alive Records subsequently signed Buffalo Killers, who scrambled to write and record five more songs to flesh out an LP. The album, "Buffalo Killers", was released on October 10, 2006. Chris Robinson heard the album and invited the band to open a string of dates for The Black Crowes in 2007. Buffalo Killers had just finished booking their own tour, but then their booking agent "started calling me back frantically" recalled Zach. "He said that The Crowes had called and invited us on the whole fall tour. I was like, 'Well, cancel all that other shit.'"
While on tour with The Black Crowes, Buffalo Killers wrote half of what would become "Let It Ride". The band entered the studio, with Black Keys guitarist/vocalist Dan Auerbach serving as producer, immediately following the tour. The recording session took "only a few days", according to Auerbach, who downplayed his role in making the album. "These are the kind of guys that don't need a lot of help when it comes to making records or sparking their imagination." Auerbach felt his most important contribution was in capturing "the raw live sound of this band". A concert tour, on which Buffalo Killers opened for The Black Keys, preceded the July 22, 2008, release of "Let It Ride". A bonus live CD, sourced from a fan's bootleg, was included in a limited edition vinyl pressing of the album. The inclusion was made (even though the bootleg "sounds like shit", said Zach) to show that the band can play live and is not studio-enhanced. Another tour opening for The Black Crowes followed in November.
"Dig. Sow. Love. Grow." was released in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20842289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842289" title="Terrence Oglesby">
Terrence Oglesby

Terrence Rønnestad Oglesby (born March 12, 1988) is an American-Norwegian professional basketball player. He is a shooting guard for the team Saint-Brieuc Basket. Before moving to Europe to play professionally, he had played U.S. college basketball at Clemson University. Born in Kongsberg, Norway, Oglesby holds dual citizenship with the United States and Norway.
High school career.
Oglesby played basketball at the Bradley Central High School in his hometown of Cleveland, Tennessee. He was selected to the All-Region team three times and received Most Valuable Player honors twice. He was selected to the Tennessee Sports Writers Association (TSWA) All-State boys basketball team as a junior and senior. Oglesby is the all-time leading scorer at his high school with 2,256 career points. He was a finalist for the 2007 Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association (TSSAA) Mr. Basketball Award at the class AAA level. Oglesby was the 26th-ranked shooting guard on Rivals.com's rankings for the high school class of 2007. He signed with Clemson along with Demontez Stitt and Jerai Grant, the latter of whom Oglesby played against in the Capital Classic All-Star Game.
Collegiate career.
As a freshman—in the 2007–08 season—Oglesby played 18.2 minutes per game and averaged 10.5 points per game; he was the team leader in three-point field goals made (85) and three-point field-goal accuracy (40.5%). He was a two-time Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) Rookie-of-the-Week selection, the most selections received by a Clemson player since Cliff Hammonds was selected four times in the 2004–05 season. Oglesby was also named as Honorable Mention to the ACC All-Freshman Team. In his sophomore season (2008–09), Oglesby played in every game. He averaged 13.7 points per game and led the team in three-point field goals made and free throw percentage. On December 30, 2008, Oglesby scored a career-high 25 points, making 6 of 10 three-pointers, in a 98–87 Clemson victory over South Carolina. In what turned out to be his final college basketball game, against the Michigan Wolverines in the first round of the NCAA tournament, Oglesby was ejected early in the second half for intentionally throwing an elbow against an opposing player.
International play.
Oglesby played for Norway at the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship and was the leading scorer of the team's Division B with an average of 24.4 points per game. Norway finished in 11th place.
Professional career.
On May 26, 2009, Oglesby announced that he had decided to forgo his final two seasons at Clemson and play professional basketball in Europe. Fifteen teams from Italy and Spain had been interested in signing Oglesby, who had not yet signed with an agent at the time of his departure from Clemson. Ultimately, he signed with NSB Napoli in the Italian Serie A.

</doc>
<doc id="20842304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842304" title="Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation">
Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation

Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) is a public sector passenger road transport corporation based in Uttar Pradesh, India operating intrastate and interstate bus services. 
In Hindi UPSRTC is known as "Uttar Pradesh Rajya Sarak Parivahan Nigam", it is also called as 'Roadways' in State (due to old name UP Government Roadways).
With a fleet size of around 7688 buses it operates over 2.5 million kilometers catering to the travel needs of over 1.3 million people and earning over Rs. 38.3 million everyday.
History.
Passenger road transport services in the state of U.P. started on 15 May 1947 with the operation of bus service on the Lucknow - Barabanki route by the erstwhile U.P. Government Roadways.
At the time of establishment of the Corporation it had a fleet of 4253 buses which were operating on 1123 routes. The corporation's earned kilometers operated at that time were 228.8 million kilometers. While the total number of passengers carried by its buses totaled 251.3 million.
By the end of the decade the fleet of the corporation had attained a strength of 5679 buses, the operations had increased to 1782 routes. As a result of this increase in operations, the earned kilometers totaled about 395.3 million kilometers, while the total numbers of passengers carried totaled over 449.1 million.
During the IV five year plan, the erstwhile UP Government Roadways was renamed as 'Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation' (UPSRTC) on 1 June 1972 under the provisions of the Road Transport Act, 1950.
The end of the VI five year plan saw a further increase in all operational parameters being achieved by the corporation. With the increase in fleet strength of 6198 buses, the earned kilometers of the corporation rose to 425.7 million kilometers.
The Corporation has been reconstituted on 30 Oct 2003 with the services in the state of Uttarakhand forming a separate corporation.
Organization.
U.P.S.R.T.C. is headquartered at Lucknow and has 23 regions operating out of 107 depots .
Fleet.
UPSRTC operates a fleet of around 7668 Buses primarily manufactured by Ashok Leyland. Some TATA and Volvo buses are also in service.

</doc>
<doc id="20842315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842315" title="2002 Premier League Snooker">
2002 Premier League Snooker

The 2002 Daily Star Premier League Snooker professional non-ranking snooker tournament was played from 5 January to 12 May 2002.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won in the final 9–4 against John Higgins.
__TOC__
League phase.
Top four qualified for the play-offs. If points were level then most frames won determined their positions. If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions. If that ended 4–4 then the player who got to four first was higher. (Breaks above 50 shown between (parentheses), century breaks are indicated with bold.)
Play-offs.
10–11 May – Rothes Halls, Glenrothes, Scotland

</doc>
<doc id="20842340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842340" title="Picnic boat">
Picnic boat

A Picnic boat is a type of ferry boat. Picnic boats are manufactured by companies such as Hinckley Yachts.
Carl Sandburg in his 1919 collection "Chicago poems" wrote a poem entitled "Picnic boat", about the arrival of a Picnic boat back to the hometown harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="20842345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842345" title="Colt Roberts">
Colt Roberts

Colt Roberts was born on May 12, 1982 in San Diego, to Donald Vail Roberts and Deborah Chase Roberts. Colt Roberts is currently a professional paintball player for the San Antonio X-Factor. Roberts has played for a number of notable teams, such as TBA, Fuel, TX Storm, St. Louis Avalanche, Arsenal, the Portland Naughty Dogs and Escondido Aftermath. In 2006, Roberts was NXL All-Star, and he also runs many paintball clinics across the country.
Achievements.
Roberts was a member of San Antonio X-Factor when the team won their second event as a pro team, National Professional Paintball League Huntington Beach 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20842365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842365" title="Bill Rogers (footballer)">
Bill Rogers (footballer)

Bill "Willie" Rogers (15 April 1893 – 22 September 1918) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League. He spent the 1913 season at Carlton before moving to play with Victorian Football Association side Brunswick in 1914. He was killed in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20842379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842379" title="The Mayflies USA">
The Mayflies USA

The Mayflies USA are a Chapel Hill, North Carolina-based power pop rock band signed to Yep Roc Records. The band is a classic example of power pop, as their songs featured catchy melodies, vocal harmonies, and prominent guitar riffs. Their style was influenced by older bands such as The Beatles, Big Star, and also more contemporary groups like Teenage Fanclub and Velvet Crush.
The band released their debut EP in 1997, and their next three albums were released by Yep Roc. North Carolina producer Chris Stamey (formerly of the The dB's, and credited by the band as the "fifth" Mayfly) produced their first two records for Yep Roc, "Summertown" and "The Pity List".
Spin Magazine called "Summertown" "r-o-c-k like they don't make anymore, in love with early Eagles and Bob Welch, in bed with Wilco but dreaming of the Replacements and Pure Prairie League and proud of it."
Keith Cleversley, who produced The Flaming Lips and Mercury Rev, worked on their 2002 record "Walking in a Straight Line". The band's albums garnered favorable reviews in publications such as "The Washington Post", "Spin", "The Village Voice", Allmusic and "The Boston Phoenix";. In 2007 and 2009, the band reunited for some shows.
On May 16, 2012 Billboard Magazine announced that the band will reunite in October 2012 as part of Yep Roc Records' 15 Year Anniversary celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="20842382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842382" title="Jim Hawkins (character)">
Jim Hawkins (character)

James "Jim" Hawkins is a fictional character in Robert Louis Stevenson's novel "Treasure Island". He is both the protagonist and narrator of the story.
Appearances.
Jim Hawkins is the young son of the owners of the Tortuga (Admiral) Benbow Inn. An old drunken seaman named Billy Bones becomes a long-term lodger at the inn. Jim quickly realizes that Bones is in hiding, and that he particularly dreads meeting an unidentified seafaring man with one leg. Bones is visited by his crewmates twice during the following months, the second visit being by Pew, who gives Bones the Black Spot, a pirates' summons, with the warning that he has until ten o'clock, and he drops dead of apoplexy on the spot. Jim and his mother open Bones' sea chest to collect the amount due for Bones's room and board, but before they can count out the money due them, they hear pirates approaching the inn and are forced to flee and hide, Jim taking with him a mysterious oilskin packet from the chest. Jim comes to the house of local landlord Squire Trelawney and his mother's friend and patron Dr. Livesey. Together, they examine the oilskin packet, which contains a logbook detailing the treasure looted during Captain Flint's career, and a detailed map of an island, with the location of Flint's treasure caches marked on it. Squire Trelawney immediately plans to outfit a sailing vessel to hunt the treasure down, with the help of Dr. Livesey and Jim.
When Jim goes to Bristol and visits Long John Silver at the Spy Glass tavern, his suspicions are immediately aroused: Silver is missing a leg, like the man Bones warned about, and Black Dog is sitting in the tavern. Black Dog runs away at the sight of Jim, and Silver denies all knowledge of the fugitive so convincingly that he wins Jim's trust. Despite Captain Smollett's misgivings about the mission and Silver's hand-picked crew, the "Hispaniola" sets sail for the Caribbean Sea. As they near their destination, Jim crawls into the ship's apple barrel to get some apples. While inside, he overhears Silver talking secretly with some of the other crewmen. Silver admits that he was Captain Flint's quartermaster and that several of the other crew were also once Flint's men, and he is recruiting more men from the crew to his own side. After Flint's treasure is recovered, Silver intends to murder the "Hispaniola's" officers, and keep the loot for himself and his men. When the pirates have gone back to their berths, Jim warns Smollett, Trelawney, and Livesey of the impending mutiny.
When they reach Treasure Island, the bulk of Silver's men go ashore immediately. Although Jim is not yet aware of this, Silver's men have given him the Black Spot and demanded to seize the treasure immediately, discarding Silver's own more careful plan to postpone any open mutiny or violence until after the treasure is safely aboard. Jim lands with Silver's men, but runs away from them almost as soon as he is ashore. Hiding in the woods, Jim sees Silver murder Tom, a crewman loyal to Smollett. Running for his life, he encounters Ben Gunn, another ex-crewman of Flint's who has been marooned three years on the island, but who treats Jim kindly in return for a chance of getting back to civilization. Later, Jim joins Trelawney, Livesey, and their men at an abandoned, fortified stockade on the island, until Silver and his pirates assault the stockade, but they are repulsed in a furious battle.
During the night, Jim sneaks out of the stockade, takes Ben Gunn's coracle and approaches the "Hispaniola" under cover of darkness. He cuts the ship's anchor cable, setting her adrift and out of reach of the pirates on shore. After daybreak, he manages to approach the schooner again and board her. Of the two pirates left aboard, only one is still alive: the coxswain, Israel Hands. He agrees to help Jim helm the ship to a safe beach in exchange for medical treatment and brandy, but once the ship is approaching the beach, Hands tries to murder Jim. Jim escapes him by climbing the rigging, and when Hands tries to stab him with a dirk, Jim shoots Hands dead. Having beached the "Hispaniola" securely, Jim returns to the stockade under cover of night and sneaks back inside. Because of the darkness, he does not realize until too late that the stockade is now occupied by the pirates, and he is easily captured. Silver, whose always-shaky command has become more tenuous than ever, seizes on Jim as a hostage, refusing his men's demands to kill him or torture him for information.
The following day, the enraged pirates turn on Silver and Jim, but Ben Gunn, Dr. Livesey and his men attack the pirates by surprise, killing two and dispersing the rest. Silver surrenders to Dr. Livesey, promising to return to his duty. They go to Ben Gunn's cave home, where Gunn has had the treasure hidden for some months. The treasure is divided amongst Trelawney and his loyal men, including Jim and Ben Gunn, and they return to England, leaving the surviving pirates marooned on the island. Silver escapes with the help of the fearful Ben Gunn and a small part of the treasure. Remembering Silver, Jim reflects that "I dare say he met his old Negress and perhaps still lives in comfort with her and Captain Flint [his parrot. It is to be hoped so, I suppose, for his chances of comfort in another world are very small."
Jim returns to the Benbow Inn with his share of the treasure. Eventually he takes over the inn but later sells it. In his old age, he still lives by the sea, and at night he can still hear Silver's parrot's voice.
Adaptations.
Disney version.
Jim Hawkins appears in Disney's 2002 animated film, "Treasure Planet", a science fiction adaptation of "Treasure Island". The film's prologue depicts Jim as a five-year-old (voiced by Austin Majors) reading a storybook in bed. Jim is enchanted by stories of the legendary pirate Captain Flint and his ability to appear from nowhere, raid passing ships, and disappear in order to hide the loot on the mysterious "Treasure Planet". Twelve years later, Jim (now voiced by Joseph Gordon-Levitt) has grown into an aloof and alienated teenager, helping his mother Sarah run an inn and deriving amusement from "solar surfing" (a hybrid of skysurfing and windsurfing atop a board attached to a solar-powered rocket), a pastime that frequently gets him in trouble. One day, a spaceship crashes near the inn. The dying pilot, Billy Bones, gives Jim a sphere and tells him to "beware the cyborg". Shortly thereafter, a gang of pirates raid and burn the inn. Jim, his mother, and their dog-like friend Dr. Delbert Doppler barely escape. The sphere turns out to be a holographic projector, showing a map that Jim realizes leads to Treasure Planet.
Doppler commissions a ship called "RLS Legacy" on a mission to find Treasure Planet. The crew is a motley bunch, secretly led by cook John Silver, whom Jim suspects is the cyborg of whom he was warned. Jim is sent down to work in the galley; despite his mistrust of Silver, they soon form a tenuous father-son relationship. As the ship reaches Treasure Planet, mutiny erupts, led by Silver. Jim, Doppler, and Amelia abandon the ship, accidentally leaving the map behind. Silver, who believes that Jim has the map, has a chance to kill Jim, but refuses to do so because of his attachment to the boy. While exploring Treasure Planet's forests, the fugitives meet B.E.N, an abandoned, whimsical robot who claims to have lost most of his memory and invites them to his house to care for the wounded Amelia. The pirates corner the group here; using a back-door, Jim and B.E.N. return to the ship to recover the map. Upon their return, they are captured by Silver, who has already captured Doppler and Amelia.
When Jim is forced to use the map, the group finds their way to a portal that can be opened to any place in the universe. The treasure is at the center of the planet, accessible only via the portal. In the stash of treasure, Jim comes across a missing part of B.E.N's cognitive computer. Jim replaces this piece, causing B.E.N. to remember that the planet is set to explode upon the treasure's discovery. In the ensuing catastrophe, Silver finds himself torn between holding onto a literal boat-load of gold and saving Jim, who hangs from a precipice after a fall. Silver saves Jim, and the group escapes to the Legacy, which is damaged and lacks the motive power required to leave the planet in time to escape. Jim attaches a rocket to a narrow plate of metal and rides it toward the portal to open it to a new location while Doppler pilots the ship behind him. Jim manages to open the portal to his home world's spaceport, through which all escape the destruction of Treasure Planet.
After the escape, Amelia has the surviving pirates imprisoned aboard the ship and offers to recommend Jim to the Interstellar Academy for his heroic actions. Silver sneaks below deck, where Jim finds him preparing his escape. Jim lets him go, inheriting Silver's shape-changing pet called Morph. Silver predicts that Jim will "rattle the stars", then tosses him a handful of jewels and gold he had taken from Treasure Planet to pay for rebuilding the inn. The film ends with a party at the rebuilt inn, showing Jim a military cadet. He has changed his ways and is escorted home by two cop robots that arrested him before. The change is evident as the cops greet him with respect unlike before. He looks to the skies and sees an image of Silver in the clouds.

</doc>
<doc id="20842384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842384" title="Dick Carroll (baseball)">
Dick Carroll (baseball)

Richard Thomas (Dick) Carroll (July 21, 1884 – November 22, 1945), nicknamed "Shawdow", was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Carroll played for the New York Highlanders in . In 2 career games, he had a 0–0 record with a 3.60 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Carroll was born and died in Cleveland, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20842401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842401" title="December 2008 North American snowstorms">
December 2008 North American snowstorms

The Late December Snowstorms of 2008 were a series of snowstorms that struck across Canada and the US. The snowstorms caused snow to fall across Canada and many parts of the United States, and broke records for the amount of snow accumulated in many cities on Christmas Day.
Canada.
The snowstorms caused Canada to have the first "nation-wide" white Christmas since 1971.
British Columbia.
Vancouver.
The series of snowstorms broke a 44-year old record for the snowiest Christmas ever, with up to of snow accumulated in some parts of the South Coast. It was the first white Christmas in Vancouver since 1998. Also, on December 21st and 24th Vancouver International Airport recorded 22.4cm and 26.8cm of snow respectively and the monthly snowfall for December was almost 90cm (35 in).
Fernie.
Two avalanches occurred near Fernie, British Columbia, as a result of the snowstorms that dumped approximately in the region. The first avalanche buried a group of seven men, and a second avalanche buried a group of four that were trying to help the first group. Three men pulled themselves out of the snow, but eight died in the avalanches.
Ontario.
Areas of Southern Ontario saw above average snowfall throughout much of December 2008. Areas like Toronto saw over in December and near Lake Huron and Georgian Bay snowfall amounts were in excess of 100+cm. Many areas near London, Ontario and near the shorelines of Lake Huron had seen above average snowfall as well.
United States.
Illinois.
Chicago.
Thick fog caused by the storms were responsible for flight cancellations in both the Chicago Midway Airport and the US's second busiest airport, O'Hare International Airport. On December 26th hundreds of flights were canceled. Operations began to return to normal the following day, though over a hundred flights were still canceled.
Oregon.
Portland.
The snowstorms were responsible for the most December snowfall in Portland, Oregon in 40 years (however, the snowiest December in Portland was 1884, with over of snow). The City of Portland reported spending an estimated $2.17 million on snow removal, deicing of roads, and employee overtime due to the record levels of snowfall.
Tri-Met suspended two-thirds of its bus lines. Hundreds of flights arriving and departing from Portland International Airport were canceled, leaving passengers and luggage stranded. Garbage services, privately run in the Portland area, were also canceled for over two weeks.
Washington.
Seattle.
The winter weather greatly affected the Seattle area, where snow brought the city to a standstill and temperatures reached record lows. Many holiday travelers were unable to reach their destinations when Greyhound canceled bus service, airlines canceled flights at Sea-Tac International Airport, and Amtrak shut down passenger service between Eugene, Oregon and Vancouver, British Columbia.
The city of Seattle was criticized over its response to the snowfall. Mayor Greg Nickels initially gave the city a "B" for its response to the snowstorm, but the director of the Department of Transportation admitted the city should have done things differently. The Seattle Department of Transportation did not use salt on the icy roads, opting instead to put sand and a chemical de-icer on the roads. The snowplows used by the city did not clear the roads entirely of snow, instead creating a hard snow-packed surface; this was done to minimize damage to the roads. The mayor later stated the city would use salt during future snowstorms, but the heavy criticism may have contributed to incumbent Mayor Nickels coming in third place in the next primary election.

</doc>
<doc id="20842407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842407" title="Minuscule 44">
Minuscule 44

Minuscule 44 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 239 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. It has complex contents and full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains complete text of the four Gospels on 259 leaves with size . The text is written in one column per page, 21-22 lines per page. In Gospel of Matthew verses ("signs of the times") are omitted. 
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234 sections, the last numbered section in 16:9), with references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It contains synaxaria, Menologion, pictures, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), subscriptions at the end of the Gospels, and numbers of στιχοι. 
It is a palimpsest. The text of minuscule 395 is the upper text of the palimpsest. The lower text is unidentified, written in two columns with 30 lines in column.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Family E. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20. It belongs to the textual cluster 1434 in Luke 20.
History.
The codex was brought from Athos to England by César de Missy (1703-1775), French chaplain of George III, King of England, who spent his life in collecting materials for an edition of the New Testament. It was examined by Amelotte, Simon, Wetstein in 1746, Scholz, and Bloomfield (1860). Wettstein gave a collation, but very imperfect.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
It is currently housed in at the British Library (Additional Manuscripts 4949), at London.

</doc>
<doc id="20842411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842411" title="List of current ACC football announcers">
List of current ACC football announcers

The ACC football announcers are the radio commentators for college football games within the ACC.

</doc>
<doc id="20842415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842415" title="His Boy Elroy">
His Boy Elroy

His Boy Elroy (HBE) is an American alternative rock band from Seattle, Washington. The band's name is taken from the lyrics to the theme song of the American cartoon "The Jetsons", referring to George Jetson and his son, Elroy Jetson.
History.
The band was founded in January 1992 in Seattle by Johnny Fly (alias Johnny Stevens). The group's 1993 self-titled Epic Records album was constructed mainly in the studio. Most of the album was recorded at Scotland Yard Studios and produced by Karl Stephenson. Clark Stiles recorded and produced the tracks, "Fade to Black" and "Don't Leave Me". Stiles and Stephenson co-produced the track "Closer to You". Also, with production remix work from Phil Harding and Ian Curnow on the "Chains" remix. Duncan Sheik made an appearance on the record, playing guitar on the song, "Closer to You". The record was similar in sound to groups such as Jesus Jones, EMF, and the Soup Dragons. The lead single from the record, "Chains", was a dance hit, reaching No. 7 on the "Billboard" Dance Club Play charts and No. 25 on the Maxi Singles charts. The song was also used during a party scene in the film "Beethoven's 2nd". Another big song of theirs was "Fade to Black" which reached the Top 10 on "Billboard" as well. The song "Fly" appears almost in full length in the opening scene showing windsurfers on the TV series Baywatch in Episode S04E06, Tentacles. 
Johnny Fly moved to Los Angeles and a band was assembled to tour behind the record, which included Forrest Breese on bass, Mario Rossi on drums, Scott Doyle on keyboards and percussion. The band went through four guitarists in that same year. Starting with "a guy named Dave" who did not last long, then with Charlie Longhi on guitar, then another guitarist who only lasted for a radio interview, and then finally Matt Waldrum on guitar. The group first toured the United States in the summer of 1993. All band members are still active musicians and still perform independently and as His Boy Elroy. Fly, Breese, Waldrum and another drummer, Adrian Musolf have also written songs as Pumping Ethyl, the alter ego punk band of His Boy Elroy. The current line up consists of Johnny Fly, Forrest Breese, Scott Doyle, Adrian Musolf, Mario Rossi and Matt Waldrum.
Discography.
Albums.
Track listing:

</doc>
<doc id="20842424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842424" title="Gerald J. Ryan">
Gerald J. Ryan

Gerald Ryan (24 May 1887 – 6 February 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League. He died while on active service during World War I, due to head injuries sustained after falling on ice in England.

</doc>
<doc id="20842425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842425" title="Dr. William Gifford House">
Dr. William Gifford House

The Dr. William Gifford House is a historic Tudor Revival house in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Located east of downtown, the house sits in a neighborhood of historic houses and is a part of the Upper Prospect Multiple Resource Area. It was designed by Cleveland architect William W. Sabin and built in about 1901. The Gifford House is actually atypical of Sabin's style: working in Cleveland from 1888 to 1923, he is known better as a designer of large public buildings, especially churches (including the First Church of Christ in Euclid, also listed on the National Register) and police stations.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 1, 1984, primarily because it was a "property that embodies the distinctive characteristics of a type, period, or method of construction or represents the works of a master, or possess high artistic values, or represents a significant and distinguishable entity." The house retains its historic appearance with brick and stucco walls and the half timbers typical of the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
Unlike other neighborhood houses listed on the National Register, some of which are now offices, the Gifford House remains a residence. It has been owned and used as a fraternity house since 1960 by the Delta Epsilon chapter of Tau Kappa Epsilon, which includes students from the nearby Cleveland State University.
In December 2011, a planned renovation of the house received an Ohio Historic Preservation Tax Credit. It will be renovated as offices for Ziska Architecture and one apartment.

</doc>
<doc id="20842431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842431" title="Nina Live! DVD">
Nina Live! DVD

Nina Live! is the second video release by Filipino singer Nina. It is a recording of her most successful album "Nina Live!", which was released in February 2005. It was released in Karaoke-VCD and DVD formats on May 28, 2005 by Warner Music Philippines. "Nina Live!" is the first ever complete live DVD that was released in the Philippines. It contains the whole live session and several bonus features.
This material was also released as the studio album "Nina Live!".
Personnel.
Credits were taken from "Nina Live!" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20842433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842433" title="Sir William Mahon, 7th Baronet">
Sir William Mahon, 7th Baronet

Colonel Sir William Walter Mahon, 7th Baronet, LVO (born 4 December 1940) is an baronet and retired regular officer of the British Army.
Mahon is descended from Sir Ross Mahon, 1st Baronet (1763-1835), Member of Parliament for Ennis, who was created a baronet on 14 April 1819.
The son of Sir George Edward John Mahon, 6th Baronet, and of Audrey Evelyn (née Jagger), Mahon was educated at Eton and Sandhurst, before being commissioned into the Irish Guards in 1960. He served with the British Army in the United Kingdom, Germany, Malaysia, Aden, Hong Kong, Pakistan, and Spain. From 1993, he was a member of HM the Queen's body guard, the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen at Arms, and served as the unit's Clerk of the Cheque and Adjutant from 2006 to 2008 and as its Standard Bearer from 2008. For these services, he was appointed Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order (LVO) in the 2011 New Year Honours.
He was active as a fundraiser for Macmillan Cancer Relief from 1993 to 2002 and became Chairman of the National Army Musical Development Trust in 2003.
In 1968, he married Rosemary Jane, younger daughter of Lt-Colonel M. E. Melvill OBE of Symington, Lanarkshire, and they have one son (James William Mahon, born 29 October 1976) and two daughters.
Mahon is a member of the Army and Navy Club and lives at Codford, Wiltshire. 
He succeeded his father to the baronetcy in 1987, and his heir is his only son, James William.

</doc>
<doc id="20842446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842446" title="2001 Premier League Snooker">
2001 Premier League Snooker

The 2001 Sportingbet.com Premier League Snooker professional non-ranking snooker tournament was played from 6 January to 13 May 2001. The highest break of the tournament was 143 made by Marco Fu against Stephen Hendry on 25 March 2001.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won in the final 9–7 against Stephen Hendry.
__TOC__
League phase.
Top four qualified for the play-offs. If points were level then most frames won determined their positions. If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions. If that ended 4–4 then the player who got to four first was higher.
Play-offs.
10–11 May – Inverness Leisure Centre, Inverness, Scotland

</doc>
<doc id="20842449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842449" title="San Diego Dynasty">
San Diego Dynasty

San Diego Dynasty (also referred to as "Team Dynasty", or simply "Dynasty") is an American professional paintball team, generally considered the most dominant in the history of professional paintball; the team holds three Triple Crown world championships. The team travels internationally to promote and teach paintball, and was featured in the video games "NPPL Championship Paintball 2009" and the "Greg Hastings Tournament Paintball MAX'D" series.
Professional play.
San Diego Dynasty currently competes in the Paintball Sports Promotions (PSP) "Race to 7" professional division, and select events in the National Professional Paintball League's (NPPL) 7 man professional division. Individual members of Dynasty compete in events around the world as "special guests".
and is owned by phillip casas
History.
Team Dynasty was formed when JT USA executive Chuck Hendsch offered members of the team "KAPP Factory" a professional contract, with overseas competition obligations, corporate support, and the name "Team Dynasty". The team consisted of Alex Fraige, Angel Fragoza, Brad Maughan, Brian Cole, Chuck Hendsch, Johnny Perchak, Kevin Bredthaur, Richard "Opie" Loughran, Rodney Squires, Ryan Greenspan, and Sonny Lopez.
At the 2001 NPPL LA Open, Team Dynasty were involved in a physical altercation with "Team Aftershock", sparking a rivalry. The team placed third at the "NPPL LA Open", "Millennium Series" in France and England, and placed fourth at the "NPPL Chicago Open". They scored first place at the "NPPL World Cup" in Florida.
After the "NPPL LA Open" Glenn Forster (formerly of Team Avalanche), and Markus Nielsen (formerly of Team Aftershock) joined the team. However, Markus only played two tournaments before leaving. After the "NPPL Chicago Open", Sonny Lopez also left the team due to sponsorship conflicts, and his job at Worr Games Products; followed by Richard Loughran, who left to join "The Ironmen". Andy Kopcok (formerly of Team Image) would round out the teams roster for the final NPPL World Cup event.
In 2002, Team Dynasty added former Ironkid Oliver Lang and previous member Richard Loughran; however, Andy Kopcok left due to sponsorship conflicts and the distance between Canada and Southern California. The team placed first at the "Mardi Gras Top Gun", "NPPL Los Angeles Open", "Millennium Max Masters Germany", "Millennium Megacampo Portugal". During the "Mardi Gras Open" however, while playing an unofficial 5-Man season opener, two team players were banned from future events for shooting from the dead box. The NPPL series was tied in 2002 between Dynasty and Team Ironmen.
In 2006 the "San Diego Dynasty" team name was adopted for league requirements.
In 2011, at the NPPL Surf City Open in Huntington Beach, California, Dynasty captured its historic 50th professional win, beating Sacramento XSV in the finals.
San Diego Dynasty are the reigning 2011 PSP and NPPL Series Champions.
San Diego Dynasty are the 2013 PSP World Series Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="20842457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842457" title="San Antonio X-Factor">
San Antonio X-Factor

The San Antonio X-Factor are an American professional paintball team who competes in the NPPL and PSP. X-Factor is featured in the video game NPPL Championship Paintball 2009. One of the team's premier players is Colt Roberts. In their first season at the Pro level of the NPPL, the X-Factor have won 1 out of 3 events. X-factor won NPPL DC 2012 and Huntington Beach 2013, and has generally been a top tier competitor in the professional leagues. The team is owned and run by Alex Martinez and coach Ryan Brand with the help of coach Paul Richards who was the former coach of Tampa Bay Damage.
Roster
Grayson Goff
Demetri Nininos
Todd Morrow
Dixon Yang
Colt Roberts
Billy Bernacchia
Alex Martinez
Archie Montemayor
Scott Kemp
Jesse Stephens

</doc>
<doc id="20842463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842463" title="Tanzania Civil Aviation Authority">
Tanzania Civil Aviation Authority

The Tanzania Civil Aviation Authority (TCAA) is the government body that regulates air services and airport services, and provides air navigation services, in Tanzania. It was founded by an Act of Parliament in 2003 and operates under the purview of the Ministry of Infrastructure Development. The TCAA is responsible for the disposition of air safety and for the licensing of aviation personnel. It is also responsible for contributing to the financial oversight of Tanzania's air infrastructure development; the registration of aircraft; for the investigation of air accidents; for local area search and rescue; and in conjunction with the Tanzania Airports Authority, for the operation of airports and aerodromes.
The head office of the TCAA is located in the Aviation House building in the Banana Ukonga Area of Dar es Salaam. Previously the head office was located jointly on the second floor of the IPS Building and the fourth floor of the TETEX Building in Dar es Salaam. 
The director general of the agency is Fadhili J. Manongi.

</doc>
<doc id="20842484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842484" title="Reggie Bynum">
Reggie Bynum

Reginald Deshain "Reggie" Bynum (born February 10, 1964 in Greenville, Mississippi) is a former professional American football Wide Receiver in the National Football League. He was the 9th round draft pick (#222 overall) of the Buffalo Bills in the 1986 NFL Draft, playing Wide Receiver there in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20842506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842506" title="The Wings of Merlin">
The Wings of Merlin

The Wings of Merlin is a children's fantasy novel by T.A. Barron. It is the fifth book in the Lost Years of Merlin epic about the legendary wizard Merlin's youth. It was published by Philomel in 2000, and republished by Puffin Books in 2011 under the title "A Wizard's Wings". 
Though the character Merlin is world famous as an ancient wizard, this story of his lost youth is original to the author. In this series Merlin searches for his true identity while overcoming perilous odds. One can watch Merlin as he learns to use his powers for good and discovers his strengths and weaknesses. Merlin is also given the task of ending evil in the land and finds out secrets of his past that change his life. A screenplay is being written.
Plot summary.
As winter's long night approaches, Merlin is met with his most difficult challenge - unifying all of Fincayra against an evil invasion by Rhita Gawr. With time exceedingly short, how can one young man possibly bring them all - dwarves, canyon eagles, walking trees, and more - together? Added to this already huge task is the appearance of the mysterious slayer, who has been hunting down the children of Fincayra.
As he struggles to unite the Fincayrans and save the children, Merlin must also find the secret of the long lost wings that will enable him - and his people - to choose their true destiny.

</doc>
<doc id="20842513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842513" title="Riverwalk Augusta">
Riverwalk Augusta

Riverwalk Augusta is a city park along the Savannah River in Augusta, Georgia ( Richmond County) (United States). The park is alongside and on top of Augusta's levee. Sites along the Riverwalk include St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Fort Discovery, and the Morris Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="20842539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842539" title="Carol Gray">
Carol Gray

Carol Gray is the Director of the Gray Center for Social Learning and Understanding in Grand Rapids, Michigan. She is best known for her creation of social stories, short stories used as a teaching tool for autistic children that describe a potentially challenging situation, skill, or concept in terms of relevant social cues, perspectives, and common responses. Gray has also published several resources on topics related to children and adults with autistic spectrum disorders, including articles on bullying, death and dying, and how to teach social understanding. Before establishing her own organization, Gray was employed as a teacher and later an educational consultant who worked with children with autistic spectrum disorders in the Jenison, MI public school district. Gray obtained a B.S. from Central Michigan University in 1973; completed additional coursework at Grand Valley State University (from which she received an endorsement for special education for mentally impaired, learning impaired, and emotionally impaired individuals) and Western Michigan University (from which she received an endorsement to teach autistic individuals; and completed postgraduate work at Calvin College.

</doc>
<doc id="20842542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842542" title="Bill Crooks">
Bill Crooks

William Crooks (Mutford, Lowestoft, Suffolk, England 12 April 1908 – Gisborne, New Zealand, December 1986), known as Bill Crooks was manager of Eastwoodhill Arboretum, Ngatapa, Gisborne, from 1967-1974. For the previous forty years he was the assistant of William Douglas Cook, founder of the arboretum.
England.
Bill Crooks was born in Mutford, Lowestoft, East Suffolk as the son of James and Jane Elizabeth Crooks (née Hale). He had six brothers and sisters. His father was a fisherman on a smack. During World War I his father was appointed to the Trawling Reserve of Britain's seagoing defences. He won a Distinguished Service Medal for sinking a German submarine by ramming it with his ship and his name was honoured in Lowestoft as "one of the bravest fishermen of the fleet". He died shortly after the war, on the 27th of December, 1919 from a pneumonia, that was aggravated by wartime injuries.
Flock House.
In New Zealand, Edward Newman, Member of Parliament, encouraged the establishment of the "New Zealand Sheep Owners Acknowledgement of Debt to British Seamen Fund", to support relatives of British seamen that died during the war. The Crooks family was among the dependants of the Fund. The Fund bought Flock House, with the intention to bring sons of seamen to New Zealand, offer them the opportunity to learn farming skills, and place them on farms around New Zealand. Bill Crooks, then 16 years old, was among the first to apply. With his 15-year old sister Gertrude, he sailed aboard the SS Remuera to New Zealand. 
Their mother's parting instruction to Bill was “look after your sister!”. They disembarked on 22 May 1924. Gertie headed into domestic service, Bill to Flock House, “and that was the last they saw of each other for about the next thirty years”.
After a year at Flock House, Bill found a job at a station at Tahunga, in the headwaters of the Hangaroa River, west of Gisborne. Heworked there for a year. 
“It is also understood by his family that he spent some time working at Whakapunake Station, near Tiniroto.
Eastwoodhill.
In 1927 Bill Crooks came to Eastwoodhill, and he would stay there for most of his life. He would serve for 47 years. 38 years he worked for William Douglas Cook, and nine years for H.B. (Bill) Williams. 
In the 1920s Eastwoodhill was still a farm. It covered just over . Bill came to live in a small room in the workshop cum was-house on the back lawn of the homestead. “When the dilapidated structure was demolished in 1992, the linoleum floor coverings were lifted in Bill's old room to reveal copies of The Poverty Bay Herald newspapers from 1912″.
Douglas Cook.
Over the years he served as a farmhand, but also as an assistant plantsman, chauffeur, drinking companion and, above all, as the right-hand man of Douglas Cook. Douglas Cook was blinded in the right eye in World War I and could not drive a car. So he was dependent on Bill Crooks for driving the car they shared between them.
Douglas Cook was not an easy employer at all. He was not a patient man and known to his neighbours and friends for his outbursts of ill temper. Apart from that there were always financial problems, with Cook exceeding his budget buying trees. 
William Douglas Cook “employed a series of farm managers who came and went, labour relations not being his strong point. There was an explosive relationship between him and his assistent Bill Crooks. They had the most frightful rows, but unlike Cook's own family, Bill Crooks stayed for nearly 50 years”.
Marriage and children.
Bill Crooks married Josephine Inez Richardson (Gisborne, 17 December 1910) who was the youngest daughter of a pioneer farmer at Wharekopae, not far from Ngatapa. Her father was Eric U'Ren Richardson and her mother Florence Adelaide Richardson (née Davies). 
Douglas Cook organised Christmas and Guy Fawkes parties at Eastwoodhill, to which the locals were invited. Bill and Jo met here. They married in March 1940 at the Cook Street Anglican Church in Gisborne. When Crooks had plucked up enough courage to tell his employer about his marriage, Douglas Cook was furious at first, but after a while he wrote to Jo and said “he would welcome her to Eastwoodhill, that Bill was like a son to him. The flowery words were probably the only onse of such a kind promising nature that Jo received from Douglas Cook and did not portend the nature of the life she was about to lead”.
Bill and Jo had four sons and a daughter. 
They lived in a small, two-bedroom cottage at "Pear Park", with little comfort. A poor water supply, never more than an outside toilet, and no laundry facilities, apart from a copper. 
“The wages paid to Bill were meagre and did not go anywhere to meeting the needs of the family. Jo's two sisters Phyll and Helen used to pay for the children's clothes. Over the years Bill was promised much by Douglas Cook, a home for Bill was supposed to have been built opposite McLean's, in amongst the trees that had been planted there. Later Douglas Cook said that he was going to buy the hills that are now Eivers' and Sherratt's as a farm for Bill. None of this eventuated. Douglas Cook had money to spend on furniture, antiques, trees, rugs, crystal, silver, paintings, book etc. but Bill had to wait. On Douglas Cook's death he received the contents of the house. That though was hardly compensation to either Bill or to Jo and the children for the years of frugal living”.
Establishing an arboretum.
The impact of Bill Crook's arrival on the development of Eastwoodhill can hardly be overestimated. While Bill attended to much of the farm work, Douglas Cook had more time for such things as planning the arboretum, writing out orders to nurseries, and labeling. Bill assisted with planting as well.
Immediately after his arrival in 1927 the first plantings of "Corner Park" were made. From 1934 "Cabin Park" was planted, and at the end of World War II "Douglas Park" was included in the plantings. 
In 1952, at age 71, Douglas Cook sold of his property. The money was used for making ponds throughout the arboretum and for the development of "Pear Park", "The Circus", "Orchard Hill" and "Glen Douglas".
H. B. (Bill) Williams.
In the 1960s, when Douglas Cook was aging and desperately seeking ways to secure the future of Eastwoodhill, Bill Crooks still worked for him. He first tried to offer the arboretum to the Royal New Zealand Institute of Horticulture. But after long negotiations, this did not became reality. One of the other things Douglas Cook considered was selling to Bill Crooks, knowing the difficulties implied in this solution. Finally, in 1965, H. B. (Bill) Williams bought Eastwoodhill to preserve it for the future. With the money, Douglas Cook wanted to upgrade and paint his house and Bill Crooks', and put in an "inside lav" for Bill.
But soon after selling Eastwoodhill, William Douglas Cook had two heart attacks. Arrangements were made for the Crooks to move into his home so that they could be constantly on hand.
In 1966 his health got worse. He spent some time in a hospital. Bill and Jo Crooks paid him almost constant attention. Douglas later wrote that his doctor wanted him to engage someone to look after him "but I said NO. Bill will look after me. HE and his wife do all I need... Bill is like a most attentive son to me.". 
Douglas Cook died in 1967. Crooks would remain the manager of the arboretum until 1974.
He helped Bob Berry to create the first catalogue of Eastwoodhill in the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20842544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842544" title="Official Women's Squash World Ranking">
Official Women's Squash World Ranking

WSA world rankings is the official world ranking for women's squash. The ranking is to rate the performance level of female professional squash player. It is also a merit-based method used for determining entry and seeding in women's squash tournaments. The rankings are produced monthly. The current world number one is Nicol David of Malaysia, who replaced Vanessa Atkinson in July 2006.
WSA Ranking Policy.
Players competing in WSA tournaments earn ranking points according to how far they get in the draw. The points available depend on the prize money and the draw size. The monthly rankings (issued on the 1st of the month) are used in selecting entries to tournaments and in determining the seeds.
The total number of points a player earns in a year (52 weeks) is divided by the number of tournaments played (a minimum of eight are required) to give a ranking average. Where a player has played more than 8 tournaments the best scores may be selected (i.e., the lowest are not included).
For example, a player who has competed in 13 events will have selected her best 10 scores, which will be accumulated and divided by 10.
Players competing in WSA World Tour Events earn ranking points according to the prize money, classification of the event, and the final position in the draw the player reaches. 
Divisor.
The total number of points a player accumulates in any year (52 week period) is divided by the number of tournaments played (minimum 8 tournaments in 52 weeks) to give an average score:
Current world ranking.
Note: The monthly ranking for the women's squash (world ranking) is taken directly from the Women's Squash Association (WSA) official website.
World number 1 since 1983.
Number one ranked players.
The following is a list of players who have achieved the world number one position since May 1983 (active players in green):
"Last update: March 2014"
Year end world top 10 players and ranking point tallies since 1994.
2006–2008.
Note: 
1) Natalie Grinham changed her nationality in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20842553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842553" title="Glenn Liebhardt (1900s pitcher)">
Glenn Liebhardt (1900s pitcher)

Glenn John Liebhardt (March 10, 1883 – July 13, 1956) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps from 1906 to 1909.
Glenn's son, Glenn Ignatius Liebhardt, was also a major league pitcher.

</doc>
<doc id="20842566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842566" title="GO Project">
GO Project

The Goals and Objectives Project was established in 1969 to implement the recommendations of the Tanglewood symposium. Paul Lehmen led the project. A steering committee was appointed along with eight subcommittees, each of which was charged with the investigation of, and recommendations for, specific aspects of music education. 
After the recommendations had been considered, the Music Educators National Conference () appointed two commissions: The MENC National Commission on Organizational Development and the MENC National Commission on Instruction. The Commission on Organizational Development was to prepare the way for recommended changes in organization, structure, and function of the Conference, including all of its federated and affiliated units. The National Commission on Instruction was created to monitor the way music was being taught in the schools. Its first study resulted in the publication of "The School Music Program: Description and Standards" (1974, revised in 1986). 
The School Music Program: Description and Standards.
The two editions of "The School Music Program" are considered to be the precursors of the National Standards for Arts Education, published in 1994 in line with Goals 2000. The document includes ten rationales for music, ten outcomes of the successful music program (which closely resemble the nine National Standards of 1994), and a description of the guidelines for curriculum and implementation. Throughout the publication, two levels of standards are provided: basic and quality. The body of the publication is devoted to the following areas:
There are a few paragraphs devoted to beyond high school, conceding the difficulty in provided explicit standards for musical learning beyond high school. The four main sections include the following:
The conclusion of the document is a brief description of evaluation, including six principles of evaluation. 
Bibliography.
Mark, M. (1986). "Contemporary Music Education." New York: Schirmer Books. 
Further reading.
Goals and objectives for music education (1970). "Music Educators Journal, 57(4)," 24-25.
The GO Project: Where is it heading? (1970). "Music Educators Journal, 50(6)," 24-25.
Hoffman, M.E. (1980). Goals and objectives for the Eighties. "Music Educators Journal, 67(4)," 48-49, 66.
Mark, M.L. (1980). The Go Project: Retrospective of a decade. "Music Educators Journal, 67(4)," 42-47.

</doc>
<doc id="20842572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842572" title="Acrylic rubber">
Acrylic rubber

Acrylic rubber, known by the chemical name alkyl acrylate copolymer (ACM) or the tradename Hytemp, is a type of rubber that has outstanding resistance to hot oil and oxidation. It belongs to specialty rubbers. It has a continuous working temperature of and an intermittent limit of . ACM is polar and doesn't contain unsaturation. It is resistant to ozone and has low permeability to gases.
Its disadvantage is its low resistance to moisture, acids, and bases. It should not be used in temperatures below .
It is commonly used in automotive transmissions and hoses. It is also used in shaft seals, adhesives, beltings, gaskets and O-rings. It is used in vibration damping mounts due to the damping properties.

</doc>
<doc id="20842576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842576" title="Julio Pinedo">
Julio Pinedo

Julio Pinedo (born 1953) is the ceremonial king of the Afro Bolivian people of the Nor Yungas province, crowned in 1992, thirty years after the death of the previous king, his ancestor Bonifacio Pinedo. His position gained official recognition in 2007 when he was sworn in by the prefect of La Paz.

</doc>
<doc id="20842596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842596" title="Glenn Liebhardt (1930s pitcher)">
Glenn Liebhardt (1930s pitcher)

Glenn Ignatius Liebhardt (July 31, 1910 – March 14, 1992) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics in 1930 and the St. Louis Browns in 1936 and 1938.
Glenn's father, Glenn John Liebhardt, was also a major league pitcher.

</doc>
<doc id="20842603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842603" title="Hurricane Henriette (1995)">
Hurricane Henriette (1995)

Hurricane Henriette was the ninth tropical cyclone, eight named storm and fifth hurricane of the 1995 Pacific hurricane season. Henriette developed from a tropical wave that emerged from the west coast of Africa on August 15. After crossing the Atlantic and moving into the eastern Pacific on August 29, it developed a low-level circulation that was designated a tropical depression on September 1. The next day, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Henriette, and it was further upgraded to a hurricane on September 3. The storm peaked as a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, and crossed the southern tip of Baja California. On land, wind gusts of 100 mph (160 km/h) were reported, knocking out power and water supplies. Heavy rainfall and strong storm surge contributed to flooding that damaged many roads; throughout the region, 800 people were forced from their homes.
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 15. It traversed westward and entered the eastern Pacific Ocean on August 29. The system quickly developed deep convection and a low-level circulation, and on September 1 it organized into Tropical Depression Nine-E while located about 170 miles (270 km) off the southwest coast of Mexico. The depression initially moved west-northwestward, and shortly after forming it turned to the north-northwest. Under favorable conditions, the depression slowly strengthened to become Tropical Storm Henriette on September 2 while located 220 miles (350 km) west of Manzanillo. By later that day, the convection wrapped around the center of circulation. Henriette quickly organized and intensified into a hurricane on September 3 while located 135 miles (235 km) west-southwest of Puerto Vallarta in Jalisco. Upon reaching hurricane status, one computer model predicted Henriette to continue moving northward through the Gulf of California, though most forecast a turn to the northwest.
Late on September 3, an eye began to form in the center of the deep convection as Henriette turned to the northwest. The eye became better defined the next day, and Henriette attained a peak intensity of 100 mph (160 km/h) as the northern portion of the eyewall moved over southern Baja California. The hurricane quickly crossed the southern tip of Baja California and emerged into the Pacific Ocean again as a weakened 85 mph (135 km/h) cyclone with disrupted convection near the center. Convection gradually waned as the hurricane moved over progressively colder waters, and on September 6 Henriette weakened to a tropical depression. The storm turned to the west, and gradually weakened until dissipating on September 8.
Preparations and impact.
On September 2, a few hours after Henriette became a tropical storm, the government of Mexico issued a tropical storm watch for Baja California from La Paz southward. Early the next day it was changed to a hurricane watch, and 18 hours before Henriette made landfall the watch was upgraded to a hurricane warning. Early on September 4, the hurricane warning was extended northward to 25°N. The threat of Hurricane Henriette prompted a Carnival Cruise Line ship to alter their route. Originally planned to tour Mexican ports, the captain turned the ship to tour the southern California coastline. Many upset passengers demanded refunds, to which the cruise line offered discounts for future cruises and a $40 credit card during their cruise.
Winds of up to in southern Baja California Sur left much of Cabo San Lucas without water or power. Overall, 2,000 people were directly affected by the hurricane. A strong storm surge produced flooding and heavy road damage in the state. Approximately 800 people were forced from their homes, and crop damage was reported. Generally up to 10 inches (250 mm) of rain fell on land, though peak precipitation exceeded . No damage estimates are available, and no deaths were reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20842607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842607" title="Bob Gaddis">
Bob Gaddis

Robert C. (Bob) Gaddis (born January 20, 1952 in Jackson, Mississippi) is a former professional American football wide receiver. He was the 13th round draft pick (#337 overall) of the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 1975 NFL Draft. He would play wide receiver with the Buffalo Bills in 1976 and then five seasons in the CFL for three different teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20842609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842609" title="Charles Walton (murder victim)">
Charles Walton (murder victim)

Charles Walton (12 May 1870 - 14 February 1945), a native of Lower Quinton in Warwickshire, was found murdered on the night of 14 February 1945 at a farm known as The Firs, situated on the slopes of Meon Hill. Chief Inspector Robert Fabian was asked to lead the investigation into Walton's death but failed to gather sufficient evidence to charge anyone with his murder. The case has earned considerable notoriety because some believe Walton was killed as a blood sacrifice or as part of a witchcraft ceremony or, indeed, because he was suspected of being a witch himself. However, it is known that the chief suspect was the manager of The Firs, a man named Alfred John Potter, for whom Walton was working on the day he died. It is presently the oldest unsolved murder on the Warwickshire Constabulary records.
Background.
Charles Walton, was a 74-year old agricultural worker who had lived in and around Lower Quinton all his life. He was a widower who shared a small cottage, known as 15 Lower Quinton, with his thirty-three-year-old niece, Edith Isabel Walton, whom he had adopted thirty years previously upon the death of her mother. He was something of a loner who, as a young man, had earned a reputation as a trainer of horses. It is said that he did not socialise to any great extent with his neighbours but that he was far from being disliked.
On 14 February 1945 he left home with a pitchfork and a slash hook – a double-edged pruning implement with a sharpened straight edge on one side and concave cutting edge on the other. He was seen by two witnesses to have passed through the churchyard between 9 am and 9.30 am. Charles walked with a stick because of his rheumatic joints. However, he sought casual farm work wherever he could find it and, for the previous nine months, had been working for a local farmer, Alfred Potter, whose farm was known as The Firs. On this particular day, he was slashing hedges in a field known as Hillground on the slopes of Meon Hill.
Edith Walton, meanwhile, was working as a Printer's Assembler at the Royal Society of Arts which had relocated to Lower Quinton for the duration of the War. Charles was expected to be home by 4 pm. Edith returned home at about 6 pm and was worried to find that Charles was not there. His solitary nature and regular habits gave her no solace that he might be in the local pub or visiting a friend.
Edith went to see her neighbour, an agricultural worker by the name of Harry Beasley who lived at 16 Lower Quinton. Together they made their way to The Firs to alert Alfred Potter. Potter claimed to have last seen Charles earlier in the day, slashing hedges in Hillground. The three of them set out in the direction of the spot where Charles had last been seen and eventually found his body near a hedgerow.
The scene was a shocking one because the murderer had beaten Walton over the head with his own stick, had cut his neck open with the slash hook, and driven the prongs of the pitchfork either side of his neck, pinning him to the ground. The handle of the pitchfork had then been wedged under a cross member of the hedge and the slash hook had been buried in his neck.
Edith was overcome with grief and began to scream loudly: Beasley tried to pacify her and to make sure that she did not venture too close to the scene. At that moment a man named Harry Peachey happened to be passing on the other side of the hedge. Potter called to him and directed his attention to the body. He told Peachey to go and alert the police.
It was quickly decided that Potter should stand guard over the murder site until the police arrived, while Beasley took Edith back down the hill. The first policeman on the scene was PC Michael James Lomasney who arrived at 7.05 pm. Members of Stratford-upon-Avon CID arrived later in the evening, while Professor James M. Webster, of the West Midlands Forensic Laboratory, arrived at 11.30 pm. The body was removed at 1.30 am.
The Early Investigation.
At 11 pm on 14 February, Detective Inspector Tombs took a statement from Alfred Potter. Potter said he had been at the farm for about five years and had known Walton for all that time. He had employed Walton casually for the last nine months: Walton worked when he could, that is, when the weather was good. Walton had been engaged on hedging for the last few months and Hillground was the last field needing attention.
Potter said he had been in the College Arms with Joseph Stanley, a farmer of White Cross Farm, until noon that day: he had noticed the time as he left the pub. He had gone straight across to a small field adjoining Hillground and saw Walton working about 500–600 yards away. He said he noticed that Walton had about 6–10 yards of hedge to cut and that, when he found his body later that day, about four additional yards of hedge had been slashed, which would be about half-an-hour's work.
Potter said he knew it was Walton's habit to stop for lunch at around 11 am and that he would then would work continuously until about 4 pm. He described Walton as an "inoffensive type of man but one who would speak his mind if necessary".
The decision to bring in assistance from Scotland Yard was made at an early stage. The Deputy Chief Constable of Warwickshire sent a message on 15 February which stated that:
The Chief Constable has asked me to get the assistance of Scotland Yard to assist in a brutal case of murder that took place yesterday. The deceased is a man named CHARLES WALTON, age 75, and he was killed with an instrument known as a slash hook. The murder was either committed by a madman or one of the Italian prisoners who are in a camp nearby. The assistance of an Italian interpreter would be necessary, I think. Dr Webster states deceased was killed between 1 and 2 pm yesterday. A metal watch is missing from the body. It is being circulated.
The details of the watch that were passed to pawnbrokers and jewellers described it as:
Gents plain white metal pocket watch, snap case at back, white enamel face, with "Edgar Jones, Stratford on Avon" thereon. Second hand. English numerals. Valued at 25/- about ten years ago.
On 16 February, assistance arrived in the shape of Chief Inspector Robert Fabian, the foremost police detective of the era, and his partner, Detective Sergeant Albert Webb. Later that day, Detective Sergeant Saunders of Special Branch, who was a fluent Italian speaker, also arrived.
It has been consistently claimed that, at an early stage of the investigation, Fabian was acquainted with two pieces of local history. The first related to the murder of eighty-year old Ann Tennant, a resident of Long Compton, some fifteen miles from Lower Quinton. Seventy years previously, in 1875, Ann had been killed with a pitchfork by one James Heywood, on the grounds that she was a witch. In many accounts it has been said that Ann was pinned to the ground with a pitchfork and slashed with a bill-hook.
In the second instance, Detective Superintendent Alex Spooner, Head of Warwickshire C.I.D., is said to have drawn Fabian’s attention to a 1929 book entitled "Folklore, Old Customs and Superstitions in Shakespeare Land", written by the Rev. James Harvey Bloom, Rector of Whitchurch, and father of author Ursula Bloom. This included the story of how, in 1885, a young plough boy named Charles Walton had met a phantom black dog on his way home from work on several nights in succession. On the last occasion the dog had been accompanied by a headless woman. That night Walton had heard that his sister had died.
It seems that Alfred Potter quickly came under suspicion. PC Lomasney, the local policeman who knew Alfred and his wife, Lillian Elizabeth Potter, was asked to stay close to them to see what they might unwittingly reveal.
Meanwhile, Detective Sergeant Saunders began what were to be scores of interviews with the Italian prisoners held at Long Marston. The picture that emerges is of a prison camp regime that was entirely "laissez faire". Prisoners seemed able to roam the area at will, on foot or on bicycle, and although, officially, there were days on which they were supposed to work in camp and days on which they were free, in practice, no record was kept of who was and was not in camp. On the afternoon concerned (Professor Webster had determined that Walton died between 1 and 2 pm) some prisoners had gone into Stratford to see a play, while others had visited the cinema. However, it does not appear that any of the Italians was ever seriously considered to have killed Walton.
The Autopsy.
Professor Webster's autopsy on Walton found grave injuries to Walton's neck – the fact that his trachea had been cut was plainly evident – and to his chest, including bruising and several broken ribs. However, Webster's report makes no specific mention of the cross supposedly carved on Walton's chest which has figured in so many later accounts. However, his shirt had been opened, his trousers had been unfastened at the top and his fly was unbuttoned. He also bore some defensive wounds: a cut on his left hand and bruises on the back of his right hand and forearm. Webster concluded that Walton's wounds had been caused by a stabbing weapon and a cutting weapon, presumably the pitchfork and the slash hook. He had also been hit over the head with his own walking stick which was found three-and-a-half yards from his body with blood and hair adhering to it.
Alfred Potter's Evidence.
On 17 February, Potter was interviewed for a second time, on this occasion by Detective Sergeant Webb. Potter stated that he was forty years old, managed The Firs for L. L. Potter & Co., of which his father was proprietor, and that Walton had usually worked on about four days each week, but never in wet weather. Potter said he paid him eighteen pence per hour and usually at the end of each fortnight, although sometimes by the week. He said that he left it to Walton to say how many hours he had completed and implied that Walton was sometimes paid for hours he had not actually worked. He had last paid Walton for the fortnight ending 10 February when he had given him £2.15s.0.
Potter said that, on 14 February, he had left the College Arms and gone across to a field known as Cacks Leys to see to some sheep and to feed some calves. When he reached the field it was 12.20 pm and he then saw Walton, working in his shirtsleeves. He was sure of this because it was the first time he had seen him so dressed and had said to himself, 'He's getting on with it today'. Potter added that he would have gone over to see Walton were it not for the fact that he had a heifer in a ditch nearby that he needed to attend to. He went straight home and arrived there at about 12.40 pm. He then went to attend to the heifer.
On 20 February, PC Lomasney was at The Firs and mentioned the fact that the police were still hoping to take fingerprints from the murder weapons. At this, Alfred Potter said that he had touched the handle of the slash hook, and possibly the pitchfork, when he first came across the body, although he claimed he had already mentioned this to the police. He said he had handled the weapons in response to a comment from Harry Beasley that "You'd better have a look to make sure he is gone". Mrs. Potter had displayed considerable annoyance at this revelation, stating that the police were bound to suspect him if his prints were on the murder weapon. Potter, meanwhile, told Lomasney that the murder was "the work of a fascist from the camp". A short time later, a serviceman came to the door and asked for Potter who was in the yard. Lomasney recorded that, when Potter came in he said, "That soldier has just told me that the Military Police at the Camp have caught an Italian coming out with a suit of clothes and detained him and sent for the Civil Police who came dashing out. They have taken him away with them." At this, "Potter affected great glee and his wife became almost hysterical with delight".
Fabian recorded in his initial report on the crime that, on 23 February, Potter stated that he had come home on 14 February, following his visit to Cacks Ley, read the paper for five minutes, and had then gone to help one of his workers, Charles Henry "Happy" Batchelor, to pulp some mangolds for a few minutes. Subsequently, both men had gone to look at the church clock and seen that it was 1 pm. This account was confirmed by Mrs. Potter who stated that Alfred Potter had arrived home soon after 12.30 pm and had read the paper for a few minutes. He had then asked how long dinner would be and she had replied "Not long". On hearing this, Potter had gone to help Batchelor at about 12.40 pm and returned at 1.05 pm. Batchelor also confirmed that Potter had come to help him at around 12.40 pm.
On 27 February, Fabian asked that enquiries be made of Stubbs & Bradstreet about any debts recorded against Alfred Potter or L. L. Potter & Co., Farmers of Campden, Gloucestershire. (Alfred Potter's father, Levi Potter, was the licensee of the Lygon Arms in Chipping Campden.) Subsequently it was confirmed that there were no such debts. Fabian also asked for enquiries to be made at the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries about the result of a "test wages investigation made on 12 January 1945 at Firs Farm by Inspector R. G. Elliott" who was apparently reluctant to reveal the information to Fabian without authority from his Headquarters.
Again, in his initial crime report, Fabian recorded that, at the inquest on Charles Walton on 20 March, Potter had told the Coroner that he had seen someone in shirtsleeves in his field at 12.30 pm and that they were stationary.
The Police's Other Enquiries.
When Edith Walton was interviewed she told the police that she had lived with Charles Walton since she was three years old, although her father was still alive and lived at 30 Henley Street, Stratford. Walton had occupied his cottage since the Great War and his wife had died on 9 December 1927. Walton had given Edith £1 per week housekeeping, but also paid the 3s. per week rent on the cottage, as well as buying their coal and meat. In addition to his casual earnings, Walton received 10s. a week old age pension. Edith stated that Charles had left his purse at home on 14 February.
Edith quoted Potter as saying, as they made their way to Hillground with Harry Beasley on the night of the murder, that, 'I have to do the milking on a Wednesday. I came to the field to cut some hay at 12 o'clock and saw your uncle at his work'. Finally, she said she had never heard Charles Walton say he had lent anyone any money and she had not seen any IOUs. Subsequent enquiries of the Midland Bank revealed that Charles Walton had deposited £227.10s.0 in June 1930 but that by 1939 this had dwindled to £11.11s.9d. Walton had made numerous withdrawals during the intervening years, but never more than £10 or so at a time.
Fabian's investigations also revealed that Charles Walton's best friend was seventy-two-year-old George Higgins of Fairview, Lower Quinton, although the pair had not seen each other since the previous Christmas. Higgins was employed by a Mr. Valender of Upper Quinton and at the time of the murder had been working in a barn just 300 yards from Walton. Fabian speculated that Higgins might have made his way across the fields, unseen, and killed Walton. However, he doubted that the old man would have had the strength to mount such an attack, far less sufficient motive.
When Harry Beasley was interviewed he told the police that he was employed by Harry Ball of Henney's Farm in the village. He said that "Potter had a reputation as a decent man to work for". On the night of 14 February he recalled Potter saying of Walton, "I saw him at work at 12.15". Beasley also confirmed that Edith Walton had been going out with one Edgar Goode for some years, although Goode was later eliminated from the police enquiries. Beasley said he was confident that Potter realised Walton was dead from the moment he saw Walton's body.
The police took statements from two former employees of Potter's – William George Dyde and George Purnell. Both confirmed that, from time to time, Potter had experienced difficulties in paying their wages.
Joseph Stanley confirmed that Potter had assisted him with the castration of two calves on the morning of 14 February and that they had subsequently visited the College Arms where Potter had drunk two glasses of Guinness between 11.45 am and noon.
Statements were also taken from 500 or so residents of Lower Quinton, some as young as eleven years old, as well as other individuals who were in and around the area on 14 February. A detailed search of the entire area surrounding the murder scene was undertaken, with the help of the Royal Engineers using mine detectors, in an attempt to find Walton’s pocket watch or some other clue, but to no avail.
Eventually Fabian and Webb returned to London while, it is said, Detective Superintendent Alex Spooner continued to search for the murderer. Indeed, the murder so fascinated him that it is claimed he continued to return to the village long after the rest of the world had concluded that the perpetrator would never be found. It is also said that, in 1960, Charles Walton’s pocket watch turned up in the outhouse of his cottage, despite an extensive search by the police at the time of the murder. However, to this day the murder is still unsolved.
The Myths.
1. Ann Tennant was murdered in exactly the same way as Charles Walton
On 15 September 1875, at about 8 o'clock in the evening, Ann Tennant left her house in Long Compton to buy a loaf of bread. On her way back, she met some farm workers returning home from harvesting in the fields. One of the group was a local man, James Heywood, who had known Ann's family for many years. Heywood was simple-minded and was seen as something akin to a village idiot. It is known that he had also been drinking cider. Without warning he attacked Ann Tennant with a pitchfork, stabbing her in the legs and head.
A local farmer named Taylor heard the commotion and ran to Ann's aid. He restrained Heywood until a constable arrived. Ann was taken to her daughter's house but died of her injuries at around 11.15 that night. Heywood claimed that Ann was a witch and that there were other witches in the village whom he intended to deal with in the same way. Although committed to trial for murder, he was found not guilty on the grounds of insanity and spent the rest of his life in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum. He is recorded as dying there, at the age of 59, in the first half of 1890.
Any suggestion that Ann was pinned to the ground with a pitchfork or slashed with a bill-hook is pure invention. She was killed in the view of several witnesses and practically the only similarities with Walton's murder are the facts that a pitchfork was used in both instances and that Heywood believed Ann to be a witch and some of Walton's neighbours apparently had the same view of him.
2. Walton was the boy mentioned in the Reverend James Harvey Bloom's book
There is no evidence that the Charles Walton mentioned in Bloom’s book was one and the same as the murdered Charles Walton. The latter had three older sisters and two younger brothers. If the Charles Walton in the story was subsequently the murder victim, he would need to have had a sister who died during 1885. However, his sisters Mary Ann and Martha Walton both married in 1891 and lived for some years thereafter, while Harriett – in reality Charles’s half-sister – was still alive in 1901. Consequently, the story must have related to another Charles Walton unless Emma, his mother, gave birth to a fourth daughter between the April 1881 Census and the end of 1885.
The 1841 Census, taken on 7 June 1841, conveniently records Charles’s mother as being just 9 months old, implying that she was born around August or September 1840. In April 1881 she would have been almost 41 years old, without having given birth – at least to a living child – for some five or six years. It is highly unlikely that she did so during the next five years, especially since a detailed study of the birth, marriage and death records held by the Office for National Statistics has failed to produce any likely Walton births or deaths being registered in the Shipston or Stratford-upon-Avon areas during that period.
3. Walton was murdered close to a Druid stone circle in a Druidical ceremony
Many supporters of this myth quote Robert Fabian himself who said in "Fabian of the Yard" that:
One of my most memorable murder cases was at the village of Lower Quinton, near the stone Druid circle of the Whispering Knights. There a man had been killed by a reproduction of a Druidical ceremony on St. Valentine's Eve.
As Gerald B. Gardner said in his book, "The Meaning of Witchcraft":
... the Whispering Knights are not a circle; they are not Druidical, and they are about twelve miles away, as the crow flies, from Lower Quinton. Nor was Charles Walton killed on St. Valentine's Eve; and as no one knows for certain just what the Druid's ceremonies were, it is impossible to say that his death was a reproduction of one. Apart from these details, the description is accurate.
4. Fabian met a wall of silence over the crime
As evidenced above, the police took numerous statements from individuals and while Fabian was happy in later years to suggest that he had met 'a wall of silence', the most he would say in 1945 was that "The natives of Upper and Lower Quinton and the surrounding district are of a secretive disposition and they do not take easily to strangers". However, the truth may be that no one had seen anything and therefore had nothing to tell. After all, given that Fabian spent several weeks on the case and yet could not solve it, it clearly helps his case to suggest that he was faced with a wall of silence – a whole community bent on frustrating him because of its allegiance to pagan ways or fear of retribution if they told him the truth.
The Case against Potter.
There are a number of reasons why Robert Fabian concluded that Alfred Potter was the likely killer of Charles Walton.
The key question for the police was "What were Potter's movements between 12 noon, when he parted company from Joseph Stanley at the College Arms, and 12.40 pm when Charles Batchelor said he saw him at The Firs?" Despite Potter changing his story in various ways, Fabian concluded that there was "no real evidence to connect him with the murder itself, and no reasonable motive can be found for his committing it". He was also forced to concede that there was no evidence that Potter was violent or that he and Walton had ever quarrelled. He described Potter as morose and sullen at his interviews although, even when "closely interrogated", he "never lost his temper" and was civil. He wrote that Potter was "unkempt" and "on the surface dull witted" although "I am convinced he is far from that". Indeed, Fabian believed Potter to be a "man of considerable strength" and an "extremely cunning individual".
Although a number of writers have suggested that Charles Walton had lent Potter money and its repayment was overdue, there is no proof that this was the case. Edith clearly did not believe it and the £300 that Walton was said to have inherited from his wife, Isabella, in 1927, was all but gone by the time he and Potter first crossed paths.
Charles Walton's Relationship with Ann Tennant.
An article that appeared in the Daily Mirror on 13 February 1954, the eve of the ninth anniversary of Charles Walton’s murder, revisited the killing of Ann Tennant and the alleged similarity between it and Charles Walton's murder. The report contained one sentence that read: "The police have found one other link between the killings, but I am pledged not to reveal it." One possible explanation is that the police had discovered that Charles Walton and Ann Tennant were related.
Their true relationship is admittedly remote: Charles Walton had a first cousin, twice removed, named John Haynes. In December 1867, John Haynes married Sarah Cook whose first cousin, once removed, was Elizabeth Clifton, the wife of Joseph Tennant, Ann Tennant's eldest son.
Alternatively, the police may have believed there was a closer connection: Charles Walton’s great-grandparents were Thomas Walton and Ann Smith. Ann Smith was Ann Tennant’s maiden name and she was born in 1794. It is feasible that it was she who married Thomas Walton on 2 January 1812 in Ebrington, Gloucestershire, when she would have been 17 or 18. She could then have given birth to William Walton, the victim’s grandfather, in 1814 and, assuming that her husband subsequently died, could have married John Tennant in April 1819 in Long Compton. If this tenuous possibility were to be proved true, Ann Tennant was Charles Walton’s great-grandmother.
The Witchcraft Diversion.
Amongst the theories and rumours that have surrounded this case for the last sixty-five years are the following:
One of the things that bedevils an objective view of this case is the fact that Robert Fabian was a considerable self-publicist. For instance, in 1946, the year after Charles Walton's murder, Fabian visited George Bernard Shaw on his ninetieth birthday and insisted on taking his fingerprints. When Fabian retired he began to write popular books based on his experiences, including "Fabian of the Yard" (1950), "London After Dark" (1954) and "The Anatomy of Crime" (1970), while the first British TV police procedural series, the BBC's Fabian of the Yard, which was broadcast between 1954 and 1956, was also based on the detective's memoirs.
The two reports that Fabian wrote on the case in 1945 and which are preserved on the police file, make no mention of witchcraft, ritualistic killing, black dogs, natterjack toads or blood sacrifices. He may have been aware of some of the rumours and may even have had some personal experiences but, if so, cared too much about his reputation to include any references in official reports. However, twenty-five years later he felt able to write the following:
I advise anybody who is tempted at any time to venture into Black Magic, witchcraft, Shamanism – call it what you will – to remember Charles Walton and to think of his death, which was clearly the ghastly climax of a pagan rite. There is no stronger argument for keeping as far away as possible from the villains with their swords, incense and mumbo-jumbo. It is prudence on which your future peace of mind and even your life could depend.
Did Fabian really believe that an old man was killed in a pagan rite, in broad daylight, on a Wednesday afternoon in a Warwickshire field, or had he been seduced by some of the sensationalist press reporting of the case? Alternatively, was he merely trying to sell books?

</doc>
<doc id="20842611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842611" title="List of awards and nominations received by Siti Nurhaliza">
List of awards and nominations received by Siti Nurhaliza

Siti Nurhaliza is one of the best-selling and most well-known artists in the Malay Archipelago and Nusantara region. She has been Malaysia's most award winning artist when her record was included in the Malaysia Book of Records in 2001 and remained the record holder till now. To date, she has garnered more than 200 local awards as well as international awards.
She is a multiple record holders for various awards and accolades, so far she has received – 34 Anugerah Industri Muzik awards, 23 Anugerah Bintang Popular awards, 23 Anugerah Planet Muzik awards, 18 Anugerah Juara Lagu awards, four MTV Asia Awards and the holder of two records in the Malaysia Book of Records.
Music.
Anugerah ERA (ERA Awards).
First organized in 2001, Anugerah ERA is an award ceremony that was throwned by one of Malaysia's radio company, Era FM annually from 2001 until 2007. The show was somehow absent for years of 2008 and 2009. Artistes were voted through SMS, phone call, and also through online and manual form, which can be faxed or mailed to their head office. In her debut in the award in 2001, she won all the categories that she was nominated, which is five out of ten categories overall. She also holds the record of highest amount of winning for the category of "Vokal Wanita Pilihan" (Best Choice for Female Vocalist) with five times winning.
Anugerah Industri Muzik (Music Industry Awards).
Anugerah Industri Muzik (AIM) is an annual event similar to Grammy Awards which recognized Malaysia's finest artists. Since her participation in 1997 with her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", she has won 34 awards, where she holds the record of highest frequency of winning "Persembahan Vokal Terbaik di Dalam Album/Lagu (Wanita)" (Best Vocal Performance in an Album/Song (Female)) with 11 times winning out of 13 years of participation with some of the years with multiple nominations in the same category. She also holds the record of winning the most in the category of "Album Terbaik" (Best Album) with five times winning out of six nominations.
The year indicates the ceremony year, awarding the previous years' works.
Anugerah Juara Lagu (Song Champion Awards).
Anugerah Juara Lagu (AJL) is a yearly event which recognized the musical composition of a song based on the collaborations of three parties - lyricist, composer and the artiste. Its weekly programme will gather singles and songs nominations from various artistes where they will compete till their songs will be included as the finalists before ultimately nominated to be judged by professional judges. From 1986 until 1991, the finalists for the final were chosen based on monthly winners, and from 1992 until 2008, the songs were separated into three main categories - Ballad, Irama Malaysia and Ethnic Creative Song and also Pop Rock. However, from 2009 onwards, all of the categories were revamped and all final 12 finalists were made to compete against each other with no category limitations. Siti Nurhaliza holds three records of AJL - most times of overall winning (three times), most number of songs and singles participate in the finals (18 songs) and artistes with the highest frequency of winning "Persembahan Terbaik" (Best Performance) with five times winning. In addition, her winning performance of "Cindai" during the final of AJL in 1998 won the title Champion of Champions where all past winners from 1986 till 2004 were voted by the viewers in 2006.
Anugerah Planet Muzik (Planet Music Awards).
Anugerah Planet Muzik (APM) is an annual event with the collaborations of three different countries - Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. Each year, different country will play host where it will gather all artists from the trio participating countries to compete for two main parts of the categories - Best Achievement (judged by professional judges from all three countries) and Most Popular (voted by voters from all participating countries and through Short Message Service (SMS) and forms in magazines). Since her participation in the very first version of APM, she has won 20 awards - nine times in a row for the category of Most Popular Female Artiste and five times winning the category of Best Female Artiste. In 2009, she was chosen by voters from all participating countries, for a new category as Regional Most Popular Artiste.
Bintang HMI.
Bintang Hiburan Minggu Ini (Bintang HMI) is a singing competition organized by RTM in search of new singers for the Malaysian music industry. In 1995, Siti competed into this competition before ultimately revealed as the winner. During this competition, she met Adnan Abu Hassan, whom she received tutelage from him during the competition. She also received offers of four singing contracts from four different labels, before ultimately choosing Suria Records, at the age of 16.
Hits 1.
Formerly known as Hits 1, Gah 1 is an annual competition where the top ten finalists will be competing against each other in the final. First broadcast by RTM in 2004, it bears a minor similarity with the concept of Anugerah Juara Lagu where the final ten contestants are placed in the finals based on weekly votes from viewers before ultimately judged by the professionals during the final.
Mentor.
Mentor is a singing competition by TV3 where successful artistes will recruit one protégé each to teach and train them to become a better singer. Siti participated in this competition twice where in 2005 with Mohd. Fahmi Hj. Jaafar (Fahmi) and in 2006 with Siti Khadijah Hassan (Kat) where they end up winning the second runner up overall.
Popularity and commerciality.
Anugerah Bintang Popular Berita Harian (Berita Harian's Most Popular Star Awards).
An annual event that was launched in 1987 which was known as Anugerah Pelakon/Penyanyi Popular (Popular Actor/Singer Award), Anugerah Bintang Popular Berita Berita Harian (ABPBH) is an award ceremony that recognizes the most popular artistes of the year. The award is a yearly ceremony organized by one of Malaysia's newspapers, Berita Harian with results entirely based on votes cast by readers. For this award, Siti holds three records - highest winning of the cetegory "Artis Wanita Paling Popular" (Most Popular Female Artiste) with consecutive 13 times since her debut, and highest winning overall for "Bintang Paling Popular" (Most Popular Star) with seven times winning., and the highest amount of awards won overall which is 23 awards. On 2012, she received her 23rd award from ABPBH, a special award by the organizer for their Silver Jubilee celebration.
The organizers of the awards ceremony also presented awards to both designer and artist who has created and worn respectively the Best Dress during the award ceremonial event. The artist’s dress designer will be awarded with the Most Popular Fashion Designer award. For the Best Dressed Artist category, there are two subcategories, which are Best Dressed Artist (judged by professional judges) and Most Voted Best Dressed Artist (voted by readers and online voting). For three years in a row, from 2008 until 2010, Siti hired the same designer duo, Rizman Ruzaini who managed to win three times in a row the Most Popular Designer with the artist who worn the design was awarded Most Voted Best Dressed Artist. 
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
Anugerah Pilihan Pembaca Media Hiburan (Media Hiburan's Readers' Choice Awards).
Anugerah Pilihan Pembaca Media Hiburan (APPMH) or formerly known as - Anugerah Media Hiburan, Anugerah Ceria Media Hiburan, Anugerah Personaliti Pilihan Pembaca Media Hiburan or Anugerah Personaliti Hiburan is an event where it recognized the artistes based on their aesthethical values. The event is under the responsibility of one of Malaysia's celebrity magazine, Media Hiburan.
Nickelodeon Kid's Choice Awards.
First organized in 2004, Siti Nurhaliza is the first ever winner of the Malaysian version of Nickelodeon Kid's Choice Awards where she was voted by children and young teenagers as their favourite role model. She tied with Mawi for the most winning of the same category of Wannabe Award but she was chosen as the Most Nominated Artiste for that category with three nominations in 2006.
Shout! Awards.
Shout! Awards was first organized by 8TV in 2009 as a mean for the viewers and fans to vote for their favourite artistes for 15 different categories with finalists that have been chosen by a panel of professional judges where Siti was nominated for two categories. One new category was added in 2010 edition, which is the Mobile Artiste of The Year award.
International accolades.
MTV Asia Awards.
Since its inaugural debut in 2002, MTV Asia has nominated Siti for the category of Favourite Artiste Malaysia five times, where she won four times consecutively from 2002 till 2005. She holds the record of the most winning, second to Stephanie Sun who has won six times. She also has been making performances for the awards thrice - 2003, 2004 an 2005.
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
International awards.
Anugerah Musik Indonesia also known as AMI or colloquially AMI Awards is an annual Indonesian major music awards. They have been compared to the American Grammy Awards.
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
SCTV Music Awards is an award by SCTV, an Indonesian TV station, for the most popular songs, albums, and artists based on the audience's vote.
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
Intuned Music Awards is an online award event where fans can cast their votes online for their favourites. For the inaugural event, with over 132 000 votes cast, Siti Nurhaliza won all seven awards out of seven nominations that she received. 
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
The Shorty Awards "honor the best of social media, recognizing the people and organizations producing real-time short form content across Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, YouTube, Foursquare, and the rest of the social Web". According to the award rules, the six nominees with the highest rank in a selected Featured Categories at the end of the nomination period are the Shorty Awards finalists in that category. The most popular, relevant, and interesting categories will be submitted to The Academy for judging. The Academy does not choose a winner in every category. 
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
The World Music Awards is an international awards show founded in 1989 that annually honors recording artists based on worldwide sales figures provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI). The awards show is conducted under the patronage of Albert II, Prince of Monaco and is based in Monte-Carlo, Monaco. On December 13, 2012 she was nominated for the first time for World Music Awards 2012 in two categories, which will be held in Miami, USA. However, the awards ceremony were postponed from 22 December 2012 to a later announced date. 
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
International singing competitions.
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
Asia New Singer Competition (simplified Chinese: 亚洲新人歌手大赛; traditional Chinese: 亞洲新人歌手大賽) is a singing competition established by Shanghai Cultural Development Foundation in Shanghai, China, featuring younger and relatively unestablished contestants from many Asian countries, although contestants from Europe and Oceania have also participated and won awards.
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
Voice of Asia (Kazakh: Азия Дауысы, Azïya Dawısı; Russian: Голос Азии, Golos Azii) is a music festival, held annually in Almaty, Kazakhstan. Dozens of acts from all over Asia each take the stage over a period of several days and nights to perform their hit songs. 
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
Tv Shows.
Inaugurated in 1996, Asian Television Awards (ATA) is an award ceremony which is to recognize achievement by Asian television productions be it in performance, programming or even production. The winners are selected by a panel of more than 50 judges from the Asian region, where the results are tabulated and audited by an auditing firm, PriceWaterhouseCoopers. 
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
!Host Country
Product.
Halal Journal Awards.
First launced in 2006 by The Halal Journal, one of the main objectives of this award is to give out support to the halal products and services from all over the world. Being the only Malaysian winner, her cosmetic and skincare range, SimplySiti took home the Best Product category.
Halfest Awards.
Halal Fiest Malaysia or more commonly known as Halfest is an annual five-day trade show first launched in 2011 to promote Malaysian's Small and Medium-sized Business that are certified to be Halal. In 2012, SimplySiti cosmetic range was placed second in the Best Packaging category of Halfest 2012 Awards. 
Brandlaureate - SME's Chapter Awards.
On January 11, 2011, she received two awards from The BrandLaureate - Small and Medium Enterprises Chapter Awards (The BrandLaureate - SME's Chapter Awards), one for her SimplySiti range, for Most Promising Brand and another one for herself, first time introduced in 2011, The BrandLaureate Tun Dr. Siti Hasmah SME’s Women of The Year 2010 which was presented by Tun Dr. Siti Hasmah, wife of Malaysia's fourth Prime Minister, Tun Dr. Mahathir herself.
UDC Business Awards.
On October 8, 2011, she received an award by UDC Business Awards (Universo De Comercio Business Awards) under the category of “UDC Best Upcoming Cosmetic Product” presented by former Prime Minister, Tun Mahathir.
Miscellaneous.
Accolades from media.
Radio Stations.
Anugerah Pilihan Hits Pendengar Radio Malaysia Kuala Lumpur dan Radio Muzik (Radio Malaysia Kuala Lumpur and Radio Muzik Listeners' Hits Choice Award).
First held in 2002, Anugerah Pilihan Hits Pendengar Radio Malaysia Kuala Lumpur dan Radio Muzik is an award ceremony of the collaboration of two radio stations - Radio Malaysia Kuala Lumpur and Radio Muzik where finalists were shortlisted based on their popularity on both stations.
Anugerah Radio24 BERNAMA (BERNAMA Radio24 Awards).
In order to celebrate their fifth anniversary, one of BERNAMA's radio stations, Radio24 presented five special awards for five special categories (Media Icon, Sports Icon, Governmental Agency/Department Icon, National Institution Icon and Entertainment Icon).
Carta Radio 3 Shah Alam (Shah Alam's Radio 3 Chart).
The songs chosen for this competition were chosen by fans where 30 songs competed in three main categories and three professional judges will evaluate 10 songs for each category - solo performance, group performance and dangdut songs. Two songs of her compete in this competition, "Aku Cinta Padamu" and "Cindai" where "Aku Cinta Padamu" won Best Performance (Solo) and also as the runner-up for an additional category, Carta Pujaan (Most Demanded Song Chart).
TV Program.
Anugerah Meletop ERA.
Anugerah Meletop ERA is an award ceremony that made its début in 2014. It is a collaboration between Meletop (television programme) and Era FM to recognize local Malaysian celebrities "in various platforms including music, radio, television, film, and digital." It is a voting-based awards, where fans are free to vote for their favourites through the awards' official website and short message service (SMS).
Anugerah Melodi.
Anugerah Melodi (Melodi Awards) is a special award ceremony that was held in conjunction with Melodi Raya 2013 (special TV show of Melodi for Eid-ul-Fitr). 
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
Anugerah Parti HIP TV (HIP TV Party Awards).
It was first organized in 2010 by TV9 for celebrating artistes in non-conventional categories where it received positive and negative feedback from the people in the entertainment industry, where winners were voted by viewers through SMS. In its inaugural event, Siti won one award from one nomination received out of 10 categories available.
Bella Awards.
In 2013, at the inaugural award competition, she beat nine other contenders in the category of "Bella On-Stage Award" based on the votes by fans via SMS and online voting. This is the first ever all-women award ceremony in Malaysia which was held in conjunction of International Women's Day to "celebrate, honour, and recognise the contributions of women in the country".
Breakfast With The Stars.
In 2006, she was picked as the Best Dressed Artiste in an event by Astro and STAR Movies, Breakfast With The Stars which is in conjunction with the 78th Academy Awards where she won a ticket for two to watch the 49th Grammy Awards.
NEF-Awani ICT Awards.
NEF-Awani ICT Awards is an award-giving ceremony that was introduced to give recognitions to companies via an integrated media platform. There are two main sections of the awards, which are ICT Awards (by juries) and People’s Choice Awards (by voting). In 2013, Siti won the only category that is opened for local celebrities and artistes' - Favourite Local Celebrity@ICT.
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
TV Shows.
Anugerah Seri Angkasa (Seri Angkasa Awards).
An award for television and radio in Malaysia, that was initially triggered by the Ministry of Information Malaysia in 1972. In early involvement, the awards only for publishing radio programs and publications of Televisyen Radio Malaysia. However starting in 2004, the ministry has opened up opportunities to others host broadcasters to participate.
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
Anugerah Skrin.
An annual event that was launched in 1995 which was organized by TV3. The awards to recognized the best Malaysia’s television program, film, actors, personalities and productions. In early involvement, the awards only for publishing television programs and publications of TV3. However starting in 2006, TV3 has opened up opportunities to others host broadcasters to participate.
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result
Accolades from organizations.
Anugerah Persatuan Perlindungan Hak Cipta Karyawan Muzik (Music Authors Copyright Protection Awards).
Anugerah Persatuan Perlindungan Hak Cipta Karyawan Muzik, or commonly known as MACP, is an event that was first launched in 1996, to recognize the best lyricists and music composers based on their royalty collections and acknowlodging their contributions to the music industry The royalty collections are based on the amount received from airing or broadcasting songs made by them through radio airwaves, television shows and even public performances.
Anugerah Festival Filem Malaysia (Malaysian Film Festival Awards).
In 2008, her song that was used as a theme song for film, won the award for the category of "Lagu Tema Asal Terbaik" (Best Original Theme Song) from Anugerah Festival Filem Malaysia ke-21 (21st Malaysian Film Festival) where this song was included in her twelfth album, Hadiah Daripada Hati.
Anugerah Oskar.
Not to be confused with Oscars of the Academy Awards, Anugerah Oskar is a Malaysian award that recognizes the technical aspects of a film. 
!Year
!Recipient
!Award
!Result

</doc>
<doc id="20842618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842618" title="Adi Thadi">
Adi Thadi

Adidhadi is an Indian Tamil film released in 2004. It starred Sathyaraj, Abbas, Napoleon and Rathi in the lead roles. It was directed by Shivraj It was later remade as Political Rowdy in 2005 with Mohan Babu, Charmee Kaur and Prakash Raj enacting the roles of Sathyaraj, Rathi and Napoleon respectively. Abbas reprises his role in the Telugu film.
Plot.
Sathyaraj is a rowdy who commands respect from state heads like CM. He hates women and remains a bachelor even at the age of 45.A naughty college student (Rathi) grabs the attention of Sathyaraj and makes him fall in love with her. She does it for fun, though she is in a love with another guy (Abbas). He proposes her, but she could not say no to him due to fear. The rest is all about how all ends well.

</doc>
<doc id="20842627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842627" title="Fotos">
Fotos

Fotos are a German indie rock band from Hamburg/Cologne.
History.
Fotos' first self-titled album was released through Labels (a Sublabel of EMI) on 29 September 2006. Fotos can be characterised as British-inspired indie rock in connection with German lyrics.
In summer 2007, the band played at the German Hurricane Festival and Southside Festival as well as at the Austrian FM4 Frequency Festival. Following the release of their second album "Nach dem Goldrausch" on 28 March 2008, the band went on tour in Germany and Austria, and played several gigs at festivals in China. They played recently at German music festival organised by Max Mueller Bhavan in Pune, India and also at Delhi Public School Bangalore South where they were opened by the school's rock band "Velocity".
In 2008, the band's song ""Fotos"" was used as a Channel 4 "Try Life in Another Language" advert. In February 2009, Fotos represented the state of Lower Saxony at the Bundesvision Song Contest in Potsdam with their song ""Du fehlst mir"", ending on position No. 15.

</doc>
<doc id="20842635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842635" title="Gary Kroll">
Gary Kroll

Gary Melvin Kroll (born July 8, 1941 in Culver City, California) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons. The , righthander played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1964, the New York Mets from 1964 to 1965, the Houston Astros in 1966, and the Cleveland Indians in 1969. As a rookie pitcher in 1964, Kroll committed a league-leading four balks in just twenty-four innings pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="20842638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842638" title="Nina Videoke">
Nina Videoke

Nina Videoke is the first ever video release by Filipino singer Nina. It is a collection of her music videos and includes one live performance, "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways", which was recorded from her album "Nina Live!". Warner Music Philippines decided to release a video album of Nina due to the overflowing success of her live album, which has earned a Diamond certification by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI). "Nina Videoke" was released in May 2005, and was immediately followed by the first ever complete live DVD in Philippine music history, "Nina Live!".
Content.
The video contains music videos of her number one singles "Jealous", "Foolish Heart", "Make You Mine", "I Don't Want To Be Your Friend" and the longest number one OPM single in 2000's era, "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways". It also includes her music videos, which were shot with the use of special visual effects, such as "Heaven", "Loving You", "Sayang Naman" and "The Christmas Song". One video, "A Girl Can Dream", features her labelmate Christian Bautista who portrays her love interest.
Personnel.
Credits were taken from "Nina Videoke" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20842642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842642" title="Philander Prescott">
Philander Prescott

Philander Prescott (born September 17, 1801; killed by Indians on August 10, 1862 - son of Dr. Joel Prescott and Phildelia Reed). He was a native of Phelps, Ontario County, New York. He headed west in the spring of 1819, stopping a few months in Detroit, Michigan, before continuing west to Fort Snelling.
He married in 1823 Na-he-no-Wenah (Spirit of the Moon), also known as Mary Ke E Hi, daughter of Man-Who-Flies, a Dakota subchief who lived near Lake Calhoun. She was born around 1804-1806 and died on March 29, 1867 at Shakopee, Minnesota. They had sons, William Prescott, Hiram Prescott (b. December 21, 1831 or 1832); Lorenzo Taliferro Prescott (born about 1839; d. January 2, 1869) a daughter, Lucy Prescott Pettijohn, and two more children. 
During his life on the frontier he served as a government interpreter of the Dakota language (including for the Treaty of Traverse des Sioux). He worked as a miner, a trapper, and on a steamboat on the Mississippi River. He also ran trading posts in several locations, and farmed. 
From 1839 to 1862 he operated a trading post along the St. Croix River - its location became the town of Prescott, Wisconsin, named for him. 
He was killed at the Lower Sioux (or Redwood) Agency during the Dakota War of 1862; he was buried in Minneapolis Pioneers and Soldiers Memorial Cemetery in Minneapolis, as was his wife and son. 
His papers are in the Minnesota Historical Society [http://www.mnhs.org/library/findaids/P2285.html] library.

</doc>
<doc id="20842660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842660" title="Malachy Kilbride">
Malachy Kilbride

Malachy Kilbride is an Irish-American social justice and peace activist who primarily works with Washington Peace Center in Washington DC, and he is a former board member of this same non-profit organization. He was born in New York City and spent part of his childhood in Dublin, Ireland. He is the son of an Irish immigrant, his father, Aidan Kilbride, and his mother, Mary Moran Kilbride, the daughter of Irish immigrants to New York City. He is the nephew of Fintan Kilbride. He has two brothers, Aidan Jr. and Barney.
Activism.
Through the Washington Peace Center Kilbride works as an activist-organizer on a variety of peace and justice issues including opposing the war and occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan, the abolition of torture, opposing the USA PATRIOT Act, the US Military Commissions Act of 2006, the closing of the Guantanamo Bay prison camp, and supporting the struggle of the Palestinian people calling for an end to the Israeli occupation by organizing demonstrations against the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) and Christians United for Israel, CUFI.
Witness Against Torture is one of the groups he works with calling for the closure of the Guantanamo prison camp where the United States is holding prisoners as "unlawful enemy combatants". He presently is involved with The 100 Days Campaign initiated by Witness Against Torture beginning on January 11, 2009 through April 30, 2009.
Prior to his involvement with Washington Peace Center he was actively involved with the DC Anti-War Network, DAWN for several years until the demise of DAWN. He has also participated in working with Northern Virginians for Peace and Justice, Declaration of Peace, and presently continuing his involvement with the National Campaign for Nonviolent Resistance.
Anti-war protests.
Since the invasion and occupation of Iraq, Kilbride has participated in numerous acts of nonviolent civil resistance or civil disobedience risking arrest. He has been arrested many times for these peaceful actions, placed on trial, including one of the largest civil resistance actions ever at the White House in September 2005 with activist and military mother Cindy Sheehan.
On March 29, 2007 he joined a gathering of people inside the United States Senate Hart Office Building speaking out against the Iraq War and occupation in an action called “The Tombstone Action” in which those assembled placed cardboard tombstones in memory of US soldiers and Iraqi civilians killed in Iraq. They read out the names of those who had been killed drawing attention to those killed after the Democrats won control of the US Congress in the November 2006 elections. This demonstration occurred on the same day the US Senate voted for continued funding for the Iraq occupation. He was arrested with Ellen Barfield, Gordon Clark, David Barrows, Eve Tetaz, Joy First, and Sam Crooke. They were subsequently charged with unlawful conduct and received a jury trial in July 2007. They faced up to 6 months in the DC Jail if found guilty. A jury found them not guilty after they defended themselves pro se in a trial that lasted almost one week in DC Superior Court.
He is presently serving a one year unsupervised probation for his conviction of "Unlawful Free Speech" inside the United States Supreme Court. In this most recent action of civil resistance, inside The United States Supreme Court, on January 11, 2008 he called for the closing of the Guantanamo Bay prison camp by kneeling and praying. On January 11, 2009 he began a fast until January 20, 2009 joining others launching the 100 Days Campaign calling for the shut-down of the Guantanamo prison camp.[http://www.theamericanmuslim.org/tam.php/features/articles/anti_torture_activists_to_fast_and_rally_for_closing_of_guantanamo_and_bann/0017108]
Quaker activities.
He is a Quaker, a member of The Religious Society of Friends, belonging to Friends Meeting of Washington in Washington DC where he serves as clerk of the Peace and Social Concerns Committee in addition to serving on the Peace and Social Concerns Committee of Baltimore Yearly Meeting. In September 2008 he joined the Board of Directors of William Penn House in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="20842662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842662" title="The Ann Arbor Symposium">
The Ann Arbor Symposium

In 1978, 1979, and 1981 the sponsored the Ann Arbor Symposium on the Applications of Psychology to the Teaching and Learning of Music at the University of Michigan. The University of Michigan and the Theodore Presser Foundation were co-sponsors. The purpose of the Symposium was to explore the relationship between research in certain areas of behavioral psychology and music education. 
Sessions.
In Session I (1978), papers were presented by leading music education researchers to acquaint the participating psychologists with music education practices, and to present issues to which research psychologists might contribute their knowledge and expertise. 
Session II (1979) consisted of presentations of papers by the psychologists on the topics discussed by the music educators the year before. Each presentation in Session I was followed by a response from a psychologist, and in Session II by a music educator. 

</doc>
<doc id="20842665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842665" title="Jack Kubiszyn">
Jack Kubiszyn

John Henry Kubiszyn (born December 19, 1936 in Buffalo, New York) is a retired American professional baseball player. A shortstop, he appeared in the Major League for parts of two seasons for the Cleveland Indians (–), playing in 25 games both seasons. He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Kubiszyn was a two-sport star at the University of Alabama in the 1950s. A three-year basketball guard from 1956–1958, he was a member of Johnny Dee's famed "Rocket 8" teams. During his junior season in 1957, Kubiszyn averaged 24.6 points per game, a school record that still stands today. In 1958, he was named All-American. Kubiszyn's three-year Crimson Tide baseball career at shortstop spanned the 1956–1958 seasons. Playing for coach Tilden Campbell, he finished with a .300 batting average.
His professional baseball career extended from 1958–1964. During his two trials with the Indians, he collected 19 hits, with two doubles, in 101 at bats. Highlights included a three-hit game in four at bats against the Minnesota Twins' Camilo Pascual on September 17, 1961, and his only Major-League home run, hit off Bill Fischer of the Kansas City Athletics on August 3, 1962 — the winning blow in a 1–0 Cleveland victory.
Jack Kubiszyn settled in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, after leaving baseball, where he founded an insurance agency and served on the city council during the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20842677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842677" title="Paul Gosch">
Paul Gosch

Paul Gösch (30 August 1885 – 22 August 1940), also Goesch or Göschen, was a German artist, architect, lithographer, and designer of the early twentieth century; he was associated with the main elements of German Expressionism.
Beginnings.
Gösch was born in Schwerin. He suffered from "physical and emotional frailty" throughout his life, but nonetheless maintained "a robust determination to create prolifically and to further the utopian causes of the avant-garde of his time." Born in Schwerin, the son of a lawyer and judge, Gösch grew up in Berlin, where his father held a teaching position at the University of Berlin. Gösch matriculated in the technical college at Berlin-Charlottenburg in 1903 to study architecture. As a student, he reportedly met both Sigmund Freud and Rudolf Steiner. He developed an interest in Anthroposophy, Steiner's version of Theosophy, and later helped construct the Goetheanum in 1913–14. He also suffered his earliest psychiatric hospitalization (1909), but still attained his academic degree. He studied painting in San Remo for six months, and traveled through Italy, France, and Germany, meeting other artists. In 1911 he accepted a post at Kulm (now Chełmno in Poland), and served as city architect there from 1915 to 1917.
Creator.
Gösch began a series of "fantasy architecture" plans and sketches in 1914. He suffered a psychotic episode in 1917, and was hospitalized until 1919. After his release he became associated with the November Group and the Arbeitsrat für Kunst and showed works in their exhibitions. He also was a member of the Glass Chain group. Gösch worked with Bruno Taut in Magdeburg on a 1920 restoration project; Taut published artwork and essays by Gösch in his Expressionist journal "Frühlicht" ("Daybreak" or "First Light").
Artistically, Gösch was a "Specialist in water color" who executed hundreds of images, often of mythological and religious subjects (especially the Virgin Mary). He also wrote and illustrated fairy tales and composed poetry (in the latter, he was strongly influenced by the poet Stefan George).
Mental patient.
From 1921 on, Gösch increasingly suffered from psychological difficulties; he became a patient at Göttingen where his brother-in-law was the head of the psychiatric institution. Gösch's murals on the walls of his room still exist there. (At the time he was diagnosed with "dementia praecox," what modern psychiatry would likely diagnose as schizophrenia.) In 1934, under the Nazi regime, Gösch was transferred to the Psychiatric Hospital of Brandenburg at Teupitz, where he was not allowed to paint and forced into manual labor. In 1940, personnel from the SS removed Gösch from Teupitz and murdered him; he was one of the thousands of victims of Action T4, the Nazi euthanasia campaign. The date and place of his execution have been disputed; the most reliable data indicate 22 August 1940, probably at the old prison in Brandenburg.
The combination of artwork and psychiatric problems in Gösch's biography has brought him some attention in the context of the outsider art or "art brut" movement. A number of Gösch's works are included in the collection of psychiatrist and art historian Hans Prinzhorn now maintained at the University of Heidelberg, and were displayed in the Prinzhorn collection exhibit of 1996.
The Canadian Centre for Architecture has more than 200 Gösch drawings in its collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20842678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842678" title="Tropical Depression Five-E (2008)">
Tropical Depression Five-E (2008)

Tropical Depression Five-E was a tropical depression which made landfall along the south-western Mexican coastline in July 2008. It was the fifth tropical cyclone of the 2008 Pacific hurricane season. The depression developed out of a weak tropical wave which formed off the coast of Africa on June 23. The wave remained poorly organized throughout its journey through the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea. The wave entered the Eastern Pacific on July 2 after passing through Central America. The wave developed into an area of low pressure that afternoon.
The low moved towards the northwest, paralleling the coastline. Continued development led to the eventual upgrade of the low to Tropical Depression Five-E on July 5. It was initially thought that the depression would become a tropical storm before landfall but the winds failed to increase above 35 mph (55 km/h). The depression made a turn towards the north-northwest and made landfall on July 7. It dissipated shortly after landfall due to the mountainous terrain. The depression produced heavy rainfall in parts of southwestern Mexico, peaking at . These rains triggered flooding that killed two people and left roughly MXN 30 million ($2.2 million) in damages.
Meteorological history.
Tropical Depression Five-E formed out of a weak tropical wave, associated with scattered convection, which formed off the coast of Africa on June 23. The wave was moving towards the west at the rate of 23 mph (37 km/h), due to an area of high pressure located over the north-central Atlantic Ocean leading to a prevailing easterly flow. Some cyclonic turning was noted and convection was on either side of the axis— the center of the storm—but was mainly in association with the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ). The wave remained very close to the intertropical convergence zone for the next several days without any further development.
On June 26, a small burst of moisture in the system was noted in the area of the wave, but no other notable development occurred. On July 2, the wave moved over Central America and produced scattered areas of strong convection off the coast of Honduras. Later in the day, the center of the wave became elongated as determined by a QuikSCAT satellite pass. By the afternoon, the wave developed into an area of low pressure and a tropical cyclone formation alert was issued as the possibility of a tropical cyclone developing within 48 hours was present.
Not long after the alert was issued, deep convection disappeared from the low while located 400 mi (645 km). Convection was anticipated to redeveloped later that night or early the next morning. The low was moving slowly towards the northwest due to a deep trough located over the Gulf of Mexico and a ridge of high pressure located over western Mexico. By the morning of July 3, convection had redeveloped near the low and its forward motion quickly increased to 11 mph (18 km/h). The low remained disorganized for the next two days as it steadily moved towards the northwest.
During the morning of July 5, deep convection rapidly increased and banding features formed despite strong easterly wind shear. The convection persisted into the afternoon and the low was upgraded to Tropical Depression Five-E accordingly. Weak steering currents persisted as the depression moved towards the northwest at 4 mph (6 km/h) to 5 mph (8 km/h). Following the storm's upgrade, further development did not occur as the system tracked steadily towards the north-northwest. Early on July 7, the depression made landfall near Lazaro Cardenas with winds of 35 mph (55 km/h). Rapid weakening followed shortly after landfall and the storm dissipated several hours later over the mountains of Mexico.
Preparations and impact.
As Tropical Depression Five-E approached Mexico, the country's government released tropical storm watches and warnings for certain parts of the coastline. When the tropical depression formed on July 5, the government issued a tropical storm warning from Acapulco to Zihuatanejo. Other interests in the Pacific Ocean were asked to keep an eye on the developing depression. The morning of July 6, the Mexican government issued a tropical storm watch for Zihuatanejo to Manzanillo. The earlier tropical storm warning remained in effect, for another six hours, when the warning was demoted into a tropical storm watch. On the afternoon of July 6, the government discontinued the tropical storm watch up to Acapulco. The remaining tropical storm watch was discontinued on July 7, after the tropical depression had made landfall and began to weaken. The government's weather center also released thirteen tropical cyclone bulletins and four warnings for personal caution.
The tropical depression produced of rain in Manzanillo, with other locations also experiencing isolated rainfall. Cerro de Ortega, Colima reported of rain in a 24-hour period. The community of Ometepec reported . Other locations reported moderate rainfall, ranging around . One person was swept away by flood waters, reaching in depth. Heavy rains from the depression resulted in a traffic accident that killed one person and injured two others. In all, damages from the storm amounted to MXN 30 million ($2.2 million).

</doc>
<doc id="20842683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842683" title="Alexander Salton">
Alexander Salton

Alexander Salton was an Australian rules football goal umpire in the Australian Football League.
Alexander Salton played football for Richmond Football Club in 1887, long prior to their admission to the VFL. When he enlisted in the AIF on 6 August 1915 he was 44 years old. The following day he umpired his only Richmond match and a fortnight later his last VFL match before entering camp at Broadmeadows. Originally allocated to the 12th reinforcements of the 6th Battalion he left Australia aboard the "HMAT Ceramic" on 23 November 1915. 
On arrival in Egypt he suffered from varicose veins leading to a month in hospital. This period coincided with the reorganisation of the AIF and when Salton was returned to duty he was transferred to the newly formed 60th Battalion. Another minor bout of varicose veins preceded his embarkation to France. As a result, rather than joining the full battalion, he was placed in the 15th Training Battalion and then at the 5th Divisional Base Depot after he arrived at Marseilles on 30 June 1916. This transfer meant that Salton was not present at the Battle of Fromelles on 19 July. That action resulted in the virtual destruction of the 60th Battalion. They suffered 757 casualties from a pre-action strength of 887.
On 29 August Salton eventually joined the battalion as reinforcement for the massive battle losses. Straightaway he was in the front line in the Fromelles area. The hazards of trench warfare were ever present. Shrapnel and high-explosive shells, snipers and trench raids all occurred in the short time Salton survived.
Five days after arriving Salton was mortally wounded. Shot in the stomach, he was evacuated through the 14th Field Ambulance to the 1st Australian Casualty Clearing Station where he clung to life for six days before dying of his wounds on 10 September.
Salton was buried at Estaires Communal Cemetery in France. All that remained was returned to his wife: his two identity discs and metal pencil case. At least, that was, until many years later when Richmond Football Club historian, Rhett Bartlett, came across a gold locket inscribed 'For Services Rendered. A. Salton. 1887' in a Hawthorn antique shop. It had been presented at the club Annual General Meeting and remains a link to the only VFL umpire to have died in military service of his nation.

</doc>
<doc id="20842692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842692" title="Nana Mizuki Live Fighter -Blue x Red Side-">
Nana Mizuki Live Fighter -Blue x Red Side-

Nana Mizuki Live Fighter -Blue x Red Side- is the 7th live DVD and 1st Blu-ray Disc release from J-pop star and voice actress Nana Mizuki.
Tracklisting.
Both Blue Side and Red Side were performed in the summer of 2008, on July 5 and July 6 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20842693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842693" title="Bub Kuhn">
Bub Kuhn

Bernard Daniel "Bub" Kuhn (October 12, 1899 – November 20, 1956) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched one game for the Cleveland Indians on September 1 during the 1924 Cleveland Indians season, pitching one inning.

</doc>
<doc id="20842698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842698" title="Florence and Cripple Creek Railroad">
Florence and Cripple Creek Railroad

The Florence and Cripple Creek Railroad (F&CC) was a Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge railroad running northward from junctions with the Denver & Rio Grande Railroad at the mill towns of Florence and later moved to Cañon City, CO, on the banks of the Arkansas River, up steep and narrow Phantom Canyon to the Cripple Creek Mining District, west of Pikes Peak. Started in 1893, it was the first railroad to reach the new, booming mining district from the "outside world"; as a result it earned substantial profits in its first years. The railroad hauled people and goods into the mining district, and ore concentrates from the mines south for milling in Florence or transfer to the D&RG for milling in Pueblo, CO. The F&CC's first main terminal was located in Victor, the "second city" of the district; but its branch lines served many of the largest mines within the area.
Ultimately, the F&CC began to struggle financially as other competing railroads, built to the standard gauge, Midland Terminal and Colorado Springs & Cripple Creek District Railroads entered the district from Colorado Springs from the north or east. In addition, flash floods washed out significant sections of the F&CC mainline in the narrows of Phantom Canyon several times. By the early 1900s, the railroad was in serious financial trouble and merged with other railroads of the area under the Cripple Creek Central holding company. A final, large flash flood destroyed enough of the F&CC's right-of-way to convince its new owners it was financially unwise to spend money rebuilding it; and the line was abandoned and scrapped. The railroad went out of business in 1915. The F&CC's well-kept motive power, eight 2-8-0 Consolidation freight engines, and four 4-6-0 Ten-Wheelers passenger engines, were quickly sold to other area Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge railroads. An F&CC subsidiary, the Golden Circle Railroad, which operated Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge commuter routes within the district itself, continued to operate for several more years after its parent's abandonment.
Today the original grade for this route is part of the Gold belt scenic byway and open traffic for most of the summer months. The graded gravel road is suitable
for regular cars and within a few miles of its slow sweeping turns, narrow mountain excavations, its easy visualize what passengers experienced over a hundred years ago on their way to Victor or Cripple Creek. 
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20842709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842709" title="Kenny Kuhn">
Kenny Kuhn

Kenneth Harold Kuhn (March 20, 1937 – July 16, 2010) was an infielder in Major League Baseball for three seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from to , playing mostly as a shortstop and second baseman, and was classified as a "Bonus Baby". 
After his major league career, he played minor league baseball until 1963, including the Dallas Rangers of the Texas League. After retirement from baseball Kuhn worked for various companies, including Kentucky Fried Chicken, Mister Donut and Children's Discovery Centers. In 1999 he moved to Truckee, California and worked at a Lake Tahoe resort.
Death.
He died, aged 73, in Layton, Utah, from pancreatic cancer. He was survived by wife Peggy and their four children, Carrie, Amy, Scott and Stan. 
Legacy.
Kuhn was a four-sport star (baseball, football, basketball, and track) at Male High School, noted in 1955 (before Muhammad Ali), as "possibly the greatest all-around athlete ever to come out of Louisville."

</doc>
<doc id="20842722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842722" title="SADB">
SADB

SADB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20842723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842723" title="Claude Thomas (footballer)">
Claude Thomas (footballer)

Claude Thomas (15 April 1891 – 5 July 1918) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in action during World War I, one month before his brother Clarence.

</doc>
<doc id="20842725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842725" title="Official Men's Squash World Ranking">
Official Men's Squash World Ranking

PSA world rankings is the official world ranking for men's squash. The ranking is to rate the performance level of male professional squash player. It is also a merit-based method used for determining entry and seeding in men's squash tournaments. The rankings are produced monthly. The current world number one is Nick Matthew of England.
PSA ranking policy.
Players competing in PSA tournaments earn ranking points according to how far they get in the draw. The points available depend on the prize money and the draw size. The monthly rankings (issued on the 1st of the month) are used in selecting entries to tournaments and in determining the seeds. 
The total number of points a player earns in the previous twelve months is divided by the number of tournaments played (a minimum divisor of ten is used) to give a ranking average. Where a player has played more than 13 tournaments the best scores may be selected (i.e. the lowest are not included) according to the Averaging Formula. (See table below.)
For example, a player who has competed in 14 events will have his best 11 scores used. These will be accumulated and divided by 11. 
Players competing in PSA World Tour Events earn ranking points according to the prize money, classification of the event, and the final position in the draw the player reaches. 
Divisor.
The total number of points a player accumulates in any year is divided by the number of tournaments played (minimum divisor is 10) to give an average score:
Current world ranking.
Note: The monthly ranking for the men's squash (world ranking) is taken directly from the Professional Squash Association (PSA) official website. [http://www.psaworldtour.com/page/WorldRankings]
World number 1 since 1975.
Number one ranked players.
The following is a list of players who have achieved the world number one position since January 1975 (active players in green):
"Last update: March 2014"
Monthly world number 1 since 1975.
1975–1977.
Note: 
1) Peter Nicol represents England since 21 March 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20842737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842737" title="Russ Hall">
Russ Hall

Robert Russell Hall (September 29, 1871 – July 1, 1937) was a Major League Baseball shortstop who played for two seasons. He played for the St. Louis Browns in 1897 and the Cleveland Blues in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="20842769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842769" title="Frank MacCormack">
Frank MacCormack

Frank Louis MacCormack (born September 21, 1954 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Detroit Tigers () and Seattle Mariners ().

</doc>
<doc id="20842779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842779" title="John Halla">
John Halla

John Arthur Halla (May 13, 1884 – September 30, 1947) was a professional baseball pitcher from 1902 to 1917. He played one season in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Naps. Halla was 5 feet, 11 inches tall and weighed 175 pounds.
Career.
Halla was born in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1884. He started his professional baseball career in 1902 with the Jefferson City Convicts of the Missouri Valley League. In 1904, he had a win–loss record of 20-19 for the MVL's Pittsburg Coal Diggers. The following season, he went 15-11 in the Western Association and was sold to the Cleveland Naps in August.
Halla made three relief appearances for Cleveland, pitching 12.2 innings and giving up four earned runs. That was the only major league experience of his career. He began the 1906 season with the Ohio-Pennsylvania League's Sharon Steels but then joined the Western Association's Topeka White Sox after losing four of his first five decisions.
With Topeka, Halla went 10-3 for the rest of the season. In 1907, he stayed with the same club and went 24-9 to set a career-high in victories. He pitched a no-hitter on August 1 of that year.
Halla was then purchased by the American Association's Louisville Colonels and stayed with them for the next three seasons. In 1908, Halla had a win-loss record of 23-16 while pitching 336 innings, and in 1909, he went 17-12. However, he then went 10-23 in 1910 to lead the league in losses. He went to the Pacific Coast League for two seasons after that and posted two more losing records.
Halla bounced around various minor leagues until 1917. In his final season, he went 18-15 for the Western League's Lincoln Links. He finished his professional baseball career with 195 wins and 166 losses, all in the minors.
Halla died in El Segundo, California, in 1947 and was buried in Pacific Crest Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20842790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842790" title="Aquifer storage and recovery">
Aquifer storage and recovery

Aquifer storage and recovery (ASR) is the re-injection of potable water back into an aquifer for later recovery and use. ASR has been done for municipal, industry and agriculture use. 
The first agriculture ASR wells were put into service in Oregon in the autumn of 2006 and have injected well over a of water during the winter and spring flood flow times using artificial recharge (AR) of flood water as their water source. This shallow recharged water is then recovered as potable water and injected into the deep basalt aquifer. 
During the injection process, electrical energy can be generated by the head pressure of the water flowing back into the aquifer. This stored water is recovered during late summer and early autumn for irrigation needs. 
Both of these well types use a down-hole control valve built by 3R Valve of Echo, Oregon. ASR can also be used to re-inject water used by HVAC systems to maintain the ground water levels and store the thermal differences from summer time cooling for winter time heating. Industry can also capture cold winter waters and store it for summer time use and avoid the need for cooling water in the summer for industrial processes. This may also free up short supplies of summer time water for other beneficial uses. This reinjection process may also avoid the cost of surface disposal and avoid the increased thermal load to the rivers and streams during the summer air conditioning season.
ASR use in Texas.
The Texas cities of El Paso, Kerrville and San Antonio use ASR, providing water resources to these water-vulnerable communities. A University of Florida report ranked daily per-capita water availability for 225 large urban areas across the U.S. The study weighed fresh water available to cities from naturally occurring and constructed sources such as reservoirs, aquifers and imports. Of the cities reviewed, San Antonio ranked last, or most vulnerable, and El Paso ranked as 10th-worst , though other Texas cities made the list. 
San Antonio stores drinking water in its Carrizo ASR facility, which contains more than 91,000 acre-feet of water and has a maximum capacity of 120,000 acre-feet. 
A 2010 Texas Water Development Board (TWDB) survey of Texas water utilities found four primary objections to ASR in other parts of Texas: legal and physical limitations, the quality of the recovered water, cost-effectiveness and the potential for other pumpers to capture the utility’s stored water. 

</doc>
<doc id="20842795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842795" title="Paul Paquet">
Paul Paquet

Paul Stephen Paquet (born, January 25, 1965, Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a nationally syndicated trivia columnist and a trivia writer, based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. In December 2008, he took over the "Trivia Bits" column from Stanley Newman. It runs in 14 newspapers throughout the United States. In addition, he has written for Trivial Pursuit, Uncle John's Bathroom Reader, the Canadian game show Instant Cash and many others.
In 2007, Paquet won the North American leg of the World Quizzing Championships. In 2008, he finished in second place. He has since retired as a player and writes questions for the event itself.
In Ottawa, Paquet provides the questions for World Trivia Night, the world’s largest live non-radio annual trivia event. A team he coached at Lisgar Collegiate also won the Ottawa championship for Reach for the Top, a Canadian version of Quiz Bowl. Paquet also runs the Ottawa Trivia League, which has been featured in a mini-documentary on TVOntario. He has also hosted the game "Smartypants" at various Game Show Congress and Trivia Championships of North America events beginning in 2005 

</doc>
<doc id="20842798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842798" title="Jack Turnbull (footballer)">
Jack Turnbull (footballer)

John Charles McNicol "Jack" Turnbull was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. After a short VFL career, he returned to the bush and settled in Ballarat. He enlisted in the army during World War I, and was severely injured while in active service. He died of his wounds in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20842800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842800" title="Cash Cash">
Cash Cash

Cash Cash is an American EDM group from Roseland, New Jersey formed in 2008. Since then, they have done remixes for acts such as Krewella, Capital Cities, Kelly Clarkson, Bruno Mars, Showtek & Icona Pop alongside of producing, recording, mixing & mastering their own original music. The group, which consists of best friends and brothers, Jean Paul Makhlouf, Alex Makhlouf and Samuel Frisch released official remixes of Krewella's "Alive", Nicky Romero's “Symphonica”, Capital Cities “Safe And Sound”, Vicetone's “Heartbeat” ft. Collin McLoughlin, along with many others. They have also done production for outside artists including Krewella’s single, “Live For the Night,” which they produced & co-wrote. In 2013, the group signed to Big Beat Records.
History.
The Consequence (2002–2007).
Cash Cash members Jean Paul Makhlouf and Sam Frisch first began playing together in a rock group called "The Consequence" in 2002. The band put out 3 releases independently. "Your Own Place" (2004), "The Consequence" (2005), and "By The Bedside" (2006) The band went through various keyboardists and drummers before solidifying the group with Alexander Makhlouf and drummer Anthony Villacari in 2007.
Cash Cash early history (2008–present).
Cash Cash is an EDM group formed in early 2008 by Jean Paul Makhlouf, Alexander Makhlouf, and Samuel Frisch. They signed with Universal Republic Records and soon after released an EP, and following this, and a full length album, "Take It to the Floor".
The group's first EP for Universal reached No. 24 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart. The group then toured with Tyga and Metro Station, among many others such as Boys Like Girls, The White Tie Affair, and Forever The Sickest Kids. Their debut full-length album was released December 23, 2008 on iTunes through Universal and debuted in stores January 20, 2009, reaching No. 31 on the Heatseekers chart.
During the winter of 2008–2009, the group did a Hot Topic in-store tour with We The Kings and Hey Monday, performing acoustic songs and doing signings. In April 2009, Cash Cash toured with Kevin Rudolf, Hyper Crush, and Jeremy Greene on the Let it Rock (Tour). Cash Cash played the main stage at Bamboozle in May 2009. Immediately following the Bamboozle festival, they toured the UK with Cobra Starship. That summer they performed on the Vans Warped Tour. In fall of 2009 they did a House of Blues tour with Family Force 5 and Breathe Carolina. The following two months Cash Cash was support on the EZ Bronze Tour with Breathe Carolina. During the winter of 2010 Cash Cash played the Seattle Kiss FM show "Jingle Bell Bash" with The All-American Rejects, Cobra Starship, and All Time Low. At the end of February and into the spring of 2010, the group went on their first full headlining US tour, "The Robots In Hightops Tour"
On December 15, 2009, the group released a new single. Their cover of Cascada's single "Everytime We Touch" includes rapper MC Oz and debuted on the Zune marketplace. On December 18, 2009, they premiered the song live at the School of Rock in South Hackensack, New Jersey at their sold-out hometown concert. On March 9, 2010 Cash Cash released a cover single of the Alphaville song "Forever Young". The band released a new single in mid-November 2010 on Universal titled "Red Cup (I Fly Solo)" featuring Lacey Schwimmer ("Dancing with the Stars") and Spose. The group released their second full length album "Love or Lust" on April 19, 2011 through Twilight Records. Shortly after Cash Cash released their first single from the album, "Sexin' On The Dance Floor" featuring Jeffree Star.
In 2011, The group parted ways with their drummer Anthony Villacari due to creative differences and continued to operate as a trio.
The group headlined a tour in Japan as well as shows in Brazil in 2011 supporting their album "Love or Lust". The group returned to Japan in 2012 for another tour supporting their new single "Michael Jackson (The Beat Goes On)", a tribute to the music artist of the same name. In July 2012 they released a lyric video on YouTube of their song "Michael Jackson" that received over 100,000 views in only a few weeks. The group then signed a deal with Spinnin' Records after receiving radio play with their single "Michael Jackson" on Slamfm in the Netherlands. The song "Michael Jackson" appeared on the album "538 Dance Smash 2012, Vol.4".
On December 10, 2012, Cash Cash had their official remix of "Alive" by Krewella released on the "Play Harder Remix EP." During Ultra Music Festival 2013 on behalf of the Huffington Post, Cash Cash conducted artist on artist interviews with Nicky Romero and Hardwell.
On April 16, 2013, the group announced via Twitter that they signed a new worldwide record deal with Atlantic / Big Beat Records and have begun recording new material for an upcoming release. Also on the same date Cash Cash had their remix of "Safe and Sound" by Capital Cities released on the "Safe And Sound Remix EP" through Lazy Hooks/Capitol Records. On May 20, 2013, Cash Cash released a remix of "Symphonica" by Nicky Romero that was released on Beatport through Protocol Recordings. Shortly following, on May 24, 2013, the group guest hosted an episode of Nicky Romero's Protocol Radio on Sirius FM (Electric Area) premiering their song "Take Me Home" featuring Bebe Rexha as well as other exclusive tracks.
On July 15, 2013, the group officially released their single "Take Me Home" featuring Bebe Rexha exclusively through Beatport. The song was then officially released worldwide on July 16, 2013. It peaked at #18 on the US Pop Songs chart and #67 on the US Billboard Hot 100 in 2014.
On October 29, 2013, they released their "Overtime-EP" with six tracks on iTunes. Beforehand, they premiered the album October 28, 2013 7 p.m. ET live online.

</doc>
<doc id="20842828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842828" title="Poncelet Prize">
Poncelet Prize

The Poncelet Prize () is awarded by the French Academy of Sciences. The prize was established in 1868 by the widow of General Jean-Victor Poncelet for the advancement of the sciences. It was in the amount of 2,000 francs (as of 1868), mostly for the work in applied mathematics. The precise wording of the announcement by the Academy varied from year to year and required the work be "in mechanics", or "for work contributing to the progress of pure or applied mathematics", or simply "in applied mathematics", and sometimes included condition that the work must be "done during the ten years preceding the award."
Poncelet Prize recipients.
The following is an incomplete list of recipients, with a brief citation as in the "Nature" announcement (if available).

</doc>
<doc id="20842829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842829" title="Jack P. Walker">
Jack P. Walker

John P. "Jack" Walker was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League. He was killed while on active service during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20842830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842830" title="Geneva High School (New York)">
Geneva High School (New York)

Geneva High School is a public secondary school located in Geneva, New York. The school serves grades 9-12 and is a part of the Geneva City School District. The current principal is Mr. Gregory Baker, and the current interim assistant principal is Mrs. Tricia Budgar.
History.
Relatively little is known about the early history of Geneva public schools. On June 19, 1812, the New York State legislature passed an act for the establishment of Common Schools which became the basis of the common school system in the State of New York. The date of the first public school established in Geneva in compliance with this act was in 1815. Subsequently, a number of schools were established in Geneva. 
In 1853, the Geneva Union School was incorporated and authorized to maintain a classical department and to instruct a normal class. In 1863, Geneva schools were desegregated. On March 16, 1869, the Union School’s corporate title was changed to “The Geneva Classical and Union School.” It was the first Union School built in New York State. 
In 1924-1925, a commodious High School building was built at the corner of Milton and Pulteney Streets in the City of Geneva. The school was erected on the grounds formerly occupied by a cemetery; the bodies from which were exhumed and removed to Glenwood Cemetery.
In 1981, the high school was moved to its present location at 101 Carter Road in the City of Geneva.
Athletics.
Geneva High School is a member of the Finger Lakes League, Section V, and the New York State Public High School Athletic Association. The school's athletic teams are named the Panthers and the school colors are black and red.
On November 6, 1900, the Geneva High School Football team set a football scoring record defeating Weedsport High School 109 to 0 on Hobart Field in Geneva, N.Y.

</doc>
<doc id="20842831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842831" title="Homelessness in popular culture">
Homelessness in popular culture

Homelessness is frequently described as an invisible problem, despite its prevalence Writers and other artists play a role in bringing the issue to public attention. Homelessness is the central theme of many works; in other works homelessness is secondary, added to advance the story or contribute to dramatic effect.
Homelessness is the central subject in most of the works of art listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20842835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842835" title="Marist School (Georgia)">
Marist School (Georgia)

Marist School is an independent private Roman Catholic college preparatory school located in Brookhaven, Georgia, United States, north of the city of Atlanta. Founded in 1901, it is operated independently of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta.
History.
Marist School was founded by the Society of Mary (Marists) in 1901, opening its doors on October 2 of that year. The school originated as the boy's military school Marist College, and was located in a three-story schoolhouse on Ivy Street, now called Peachtree Center Avenue, in downtown Atlanta.
Academics.
The Faculty and Staff.
Teachers average 20 years' experience. Advanced degrees are held by 76% of the faculty. The student-to-teacher ratio is 11:1, and the average class size is 18.
Advanced Placement Examinations.
In the period 2007-2009, 1768 Advanced Placement examinations were taken and 95% of the exam scores were 3 or higher. Students received an average score of 4.3 on the AP exams in the same time period 
Juniors and seniors are limited to three AP courses per year. The most rigorous curriculum usually contains 5-7 AP courses over four years. Students enroll by permission only.
Athletics.
In 2004, Sports Illustrated ranked Marist #15 on its list of the best athletic programs in the country. More than 80 percent of the school's students participate in at least one of the school’s 70 interscholastic athletic teams.
The school has won either the AAA or AAAA Georgia Director's Cup (going to the best overall sports program, sorted by class) every year since the creation of the award in 1999. Marist has won multiple state championships in football, baseball, softball, men's basketball, volleyball, men's and women's tennis (12 straight from 1995–2006), men's and women's golf, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's swimming, and men's and women's soccer, to name a few.
Notes
"9 in '09".
The 2008-2009 school year stands as a historical year for both the school and Georgia high school sports history. In 2009, Marist won nine Georgia state championships (Boys Cross Country, Girls Cross Country, Softball, Boys Swimming and Diving, Girls Swimming and Diving, Boys Tennis, Girls Tennis, Girls Soccer, and Boys Soccer) breaking the Georgia state and Marist's previous record. Marist was also the Georgia state runner-up in Football and Volleyball.
Extracurricular Activities.
Marist School provides students with a wide variety of activities relating to and outside of the academic and athletic realms. School programs, which are sponsored by a staff or faculty member, total over 50. Student organizations include those centered around classes and languages, sports, arts and performance and service. The campus's ministry program fosters retreat programs, student orientation leaders, Eucharistic ministers and community service outreach trips and organizations.
Traditions.
The Marist uniform is a tradition that has changed little over the decades. Boys wear gray trousers with a belt, a blue, yellow or white oxford shirt and specified shoes. Girls wear a Marist plaid skort with the oxford shirt and saddle shoes. During the winter, all students wear a navy blazer or letter jacket and boys wear a Marist tie. Since its inception, approximately 25% of the Marist student body have been students from other faith traditions. Events include St. Peter Chanel Day, an outdoor field day in the spring, as well as Holiday Traditions, an arts and crafts fair held in October.
Facilities.
Marist School facilities include , 18 buildings, seven playing fields, a chapel, several computer labs, a three story library, a choral studio, a dance studio, a band room, two art studios, a 4,400 seat stadium, an aquatic center for swimming and diving, a cross country track, and three gymnasiums.

</doc>
<doc id="20842842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842842" title="Pete O'Brien (1900s second baseman)">
Pete O'Brien (1900s second baseman)

Peter J. O'Brien (June 17, 1877 – January 31, 1917) was a Major League Baseball second baseman who played for three seasons. He played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1901, the St. Louis Browns in 1906, and the Cleveland Naps and Washington Senators in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="20842846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842846" title="Jay R (album)">
Jay R (album)

Jay R is the self-titled second studio album by Filipino singer Jay R, released in December 2005 in the Philippines by Universal Records. To date, the album has sold more than 20,000 units in the country and has been certified gold by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry.
Writing and recording.
After the success of "Gameface", he focused on doing a more complex R&B sound. He covered the Billy Joel original "Just the Way You Are", making a whole different arrangement, complete with street-beat rap and his distinct R&B flavor. In addition, Sillona recorded an alternate version of the song, featuring Irish pop singer, Samantha Mumba. Among other collaborators are rappers Young Clipp, Jdimes, and Sillona's bestfriends, Jimmy Muna and Kris Lawrence, who lent his vocals as back-up on the DJ MOD ballad, "Paalam".
Legendary Filipino composer Vehnee Saturno, who is responsible for Sillona's first number one hit "Bakit Pa Ba", wrote two Tagalog songs—namely "Di Ko Sadya", co-produced by South Border frontman Jay Durias, and "Ngayo'y Narito", which was released as the album's second official single. 
Other songs included in the album were Sillona's commercial jingles for Colgate, Tropicana Juice Drinks and Sun Cellular.
Reception.
"Jay R" earned positive reviews from music critics and listeners. However, it failed to make a huge impact to the public, as "Gameface" did. Also, it received very few nominations on awarding events and did not win any category it was included in. Resty Odon of "Titik Pilipino" gave it four and a half out of five stars, stating that "I can't find a bad word for Jay R (the artist and "the album") because he and his album are good." Although, he disliked the three overly slow Tagalog songs, saying "for those who dig them. I don't."
On the 2006 MTV Pilipinas Music Awards, the album got two nominations—Favorite Male Video for "Ngayo'y Narito", which lost to Christian Bautista's "Invincible", and Favorite Hip-Hop/R&B Video for "Just the Way You Are", which lost to "Stay Real" by Amber. On the Myx Music Awards 2006, Jay R received three nominations, on which two were for the album (Favorite Male and Favorite Urban for "Just the Way You Are"). He lost the Favorite Male Artist award to Erik Santos and the Favorite Urban Video to Gloc-9's "Tula". On the 2006 Awit Awards, the album failed to have nomination on any category. Although, he was nominated for Best Performance by a Duet on "Say That You Love Me" with Kyla, losing the award to Nina and Thor's "The Closer I Get to You". In 2007, he was nominated for R&B Artist of the Year on the Philippine Hip-Hop Awards, but was beaten by Nina on having the title.
Personnel.
Recording locations

</doc>
<doc id="20842876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842876" title="Electrochemical fluorination">
Electrochemical fluorination

Electrochemical fluorination (ECF), or electrofluorination, is a foundational organofluorine chemistry method for the preparation of fluorocarbon-based organofluorine compounds. The general approach represents an application of electrosynthesis. The fluorinated chemical compounds produced by ECF are useful because of their distinctive solvation properties and the relative inertness of carbon–fluorine bonds. Two ECF synthesis routes are commercialized and commonly applied, the Simons Process and the Phillips Petroleum Process. Additionally, it is also possible to electrofluorinate in various organic media. Prior to the development of these methods, fluorination with fluorine, a dangerous oxidant, was a dangerous and wasteful process. Also, ECF can be cost effective but it may also result in low yields.
Simons Process.
The Simons Process entails electrolysis of a solution of an organic compound in a solution of hydrogen fluoride. An individual reaction can be described as:
In the course of a typical synthesis, this reaction occurs once for each C–H bond in the precursor. The cell potential is maintained near 5–6 V. The anode is nickel-plated. Simons discovered the process in the 1930s at Pennsylvania State College (U.S.), under the sponsorship of the 3M Corporation. The results were not published until after WWII because the work was classified due to its relevance to the manufacture of uranium hexafluoride. In 1949 Simons and his coworkers published a long paper in the Journal of the Electrochemical Society. The Simons process is used for the production of perfluorinated amines, ethers, carboxylic acids, and sulfonic acids. For carboxylic and sulfonic acids, the products are the corresponding acyl and sulfonyl fluorides. The method has been adapted to laboratory-scale preparations. Two noteworthy considerations are (i) the hazards associated with hydrogen fluoride (the solvent and fluorine source) and (ii) the requirement for anhydrous conditions.
Phillips Petroleum Process.
This method is similar to the Simons Process but is typically applied to the preparation from volatile hydrocarbons and chlorohydrocarbons. In this process, electrofluorination is conducted at porous graphite anodes in molten potassium fluoride in hydrogen fluoride. The species KHF2 is relatively low melting, a good electrolyte, and an effective source of fluorine. The technology is sometimes called “CAVE” for Carbon Anode Vapor Phase Electrochemical Fluorination and was widely used at manufacturing sites of the 3M Corporation. The organic compound is fed through a porous anode leading to exchange of fluorine for hydrogen but not chlorine.
Other methods.
ECF has also been conducted in organic media, using for example organic salts of fluoride and acetonitrile as the solvent. A typical fluoride source is (C2H5)3N:3HF. In some cases, acetonitrile is omitted, and the solvent and electrolyte are the triethylamine-HF mixture. Representative products of this method are fluorobenzene (from benzene) and 1,2-difluoroalkanes (from alkenes).

</doc>
<doc id="20842878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842878" title="Hal O'Hagan">
Hal O'Hagan

Patrick Henry O'Hagan September 30, 1869 – January 14, 1913) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who played for two seasons. He played for the Washington Senators in 1892 and for the three following teams in 1902: the Chicago Cubs, the Cleveland Bronchos, and the New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="20842883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842883" title="Desmocerus palliatus">
Desmocerus palliatus

The Elderberry Borer ("D. palliatus") is a species of Cerambycidae that occurs in North America.
Description.
The adult is 17 to 26 mm with enlarged antennal segment tips. The coloration is a shimmering dark blue, the base of the elytra is yellow to yellow-red. It is often the model for other insects mimicry, an example of this would be "Lycomorpha pholus".
Range and habitat.
It ranges from Oklahoma, central North America, to parts of the southern Appalachian mountains. They tend to be more abundant in the northern part of its range. They can be seen in swampy areas and near streams that support their host plant.
Life cycle.
Eggs are laid near stems or at the base of the plant, the larvae then burrow their way into the stems and eat tunnels into the roots of the living plant. They can be seen between April and August.

</doc>
<doc id="20842891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842891" title="Liniaxis">
Liniaxis

Liniaxis is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the subfamily Coralliophilinae, the coral snails, within the family Muricidae, the murex snails and rock snails. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Liniaxis" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20842907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842907" title="Beyond Oil">
Beyond Oil

"Beyond Oil: The View from Hubbert's Peak" is a 2006 book by Kenneth S. Deffeyes. Deffeyes is a geologist who warned of the coming oil crisis in a previous book called "Hubbert's Peak". In this book he explores the Earth's supply of potential replacement fuels. "Beyond Oil" evaluates a range of energy sources, from petroleum to hydrogen, and evaluates the advantages and disadvantages of each.

</doc>
<doc id="20842909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842909" title="List of people from Spokane, Washington">
List of people from Spokane, Washington

This is a list of people from Spokane, Washington. The list includes individuals who were born in the city and/or county, spent a majority of their childhood in the area attending local schools, or spent the majority of their adult life living and/or working in the area. A person who lives in or comes from Spokane, Washington, is known as a "Spokanite".

</doc>
<doc id="20842913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842913" title="Harry Otis">
Harry Otis

Harry George Otis (October 5, 1886 – January 29, 1976) nicknamed "Cannonball" was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched five games for the Cleveland Naps during the 1909 Cleveland Naps season.

</doc>
<doc id="20842924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842924" title="Alf Williamson">
Alf Williamson

Alfred "Alf" Williamson (6 October 1893 – 11 April 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Family.
He was born in Toongabbie, to Reuben and Annie Williamson.
He studied at Sale Agricultural High School; and was transferred to Melbourne High School in 1914, where he was a popular and successful Manual arts teacher. At the time of his enlistment (19 June 1915) he was still working there as a school teacher.
He is the great uncle of Gary Ablett, Sr., and the great, great uncle of Gary Ablett, Jr..
Footballer.
Recruited from the Melbourne Teachers Training College, he played his first senior VFL match for Carlton on 18 May 1912, on the half-forward flank, against Collingwood, at Princes Park.
He played two senior games for Carlton in his first year (1912), eight in his second (1913), and one in his third (1914). He transferred to Melbourne, playing his first senior match on 6 June 1914 against University (he scored three goals). 
He was suspended for three weeks, when playing for Carlton, in June 1913 for elbowing Alan Belcher in a spiteful match against Essendon on 21 June 1913 (Belcher was suspended for four weeks for elbowing Williamson).
On his transfer to Melbourne, he was suspended for three weeks for "rough conduct" during the 11 July 1914 match against St Kilda, and for 15 weeks for "elbowing and general roughness" during the match against Richmond on 22 August 1914 (his first match on return from the earlier suspension).
Soldier.
He enlisted on 19 June 1915; and, according to his service record, he held the rank of sergeant whilst training, was promoted to Second Lieutenant on 1 February 1916, to Lieutenant on 10 March 1916, and to Captain on 4 July 1916.
He served with distinction at Gallipoli, Egypt, and in France.
Considered a natural leader, he was regarded as one of Australia's best officers. Williamson received the Commander in Chief's Congratulatory Card for showing "bravery and initiative".
He was reported wounded and missing in action in France on 11 April 1917; it was later determined (in late November 1917) that he had died in action, on 11 April 1917, at Bullecourt in France fighting with the 14th Battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="20842931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842931" title="The Housewright Symposium / Vision 2020">
The Housewright Symposium / Vision 2020

The Vision 2020 Symposium was presented in 2000 at the Florida State University, where Wiley Lee Housewright (1913–2003) had been dean of the School of Music for many years. The Housewright Declaration is the statement of belief that summarized the Symposium. The Vision 2020 Symposium was intended to create a vision for music education that would guide the profession for the next twenty years. It was the first such symposium sponsored by the Music Educators National Conference since the Tanglewood symposium of 1967.
External links.
MENC: Vision 2020 [http://www.menc.org/resources/view/vision-2020-the-housewright-symposium-on-the-future-of-music-education]

</doc>
<doc id="20842937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842937" title="A Touch of Grey">
A Touch of Grey

A Touch of Grey is a 2009 Canadian dramatic narrative film. A Touch of Grey won Best Canadian Film at the 2010 Buffalo Niagara Film Festival, and lead Maria del Mar received a Canadian Comedy Award for her performance in the film. Written by Sandra Feldman and directed by herself and Ian D. Mah, A Touch of Grey is a coming of middle age film as 4 high school friends reuniting after 25 years, each facing a crossroads in their life as they ask themselves, "Is that all there is?"
Plot.
BARB (40s) takes a break from the stresses of work and home. With hopes of recapturing the optimism and enthusiasm she once had, Barb rents out a hotel suite to reunite with her former high school friends— PATTI, KAREN and LIZ . 
A knock on the door, and Patti and Karen arrive. Patti, a perky, but not so bright wife and mother, is excited to escape her domineering husband for a weekend. Karen, whose life seems in much better shape, is just happy to be with old friends. After initial pleasantries and lies, it seems everything is going well with each other's lives. In an attempt to break from the ties to the lives they have left at home, Patti and Barb hide each other's cell phones- freeing themselves for one night. The women head out to a local bar, but end up dragging back Patti. They tie her to a chair for aggressively hitting on a 20-year-old. The interrogations from Barb and Karen are interrupted by the arrival of LIZ, a newly divorced, single mother and career woman.
Patti confesses that as of late, she finds herself uncontrollably attracted to younger men. Unexpected at this time in her life, she is having a sexual awakening. With increasingly more wine on board, Barb admits that she is unhappy with her life- having built a life for herself for all these years and realizing she hates what she has built. She seriously considers to leave her husband and family- to be set free. No more burden or responsibilities. Karen, always sensible, tries to reassure Barb to stay in the life she is in- to fix the problems without running away. Liz strongly disagrees, arguing that she should free herself from the suffocating life. Liz and Karen get into a heated argument, each justifying the choices Barb should make. To discredit Karen, Liz reveals that Karen’s husband is having an affair. Barb and Patti are shocked to learn that Karen has no intention of leaving her marriage despite her husband's continuing adultery. It is difficult for the friends to support Karen and her decision. Patti decides she is no longer taking advice from Karen and storms out to return to the bar in search of her 20-year-old.
As the hours pass, Barb, Liz, and Karen settle their differences over the contents of the hotel mini-bar. Liz confesses to Barb that being a single mother, middle-aged divorcee is not as fun and glamorous as it seems. it becomes apparent that each of their lives is a mess. Once Patti returns, the girls retire for the night-all relieved that Patti is safe and unharmed from the evening. Patti's life, however, has been shattered. Having gone back to seduce the 20 year old, she finds that her looks and charms don't work anymore. She is rejected by the 20 year old. A devastating discovery for her. For the first time in her life, Patti realizes she is old. Not knowing how to handle the truth, she has sex with a stranger in the alley. Patti begs Barb to help her keep this secret from Karen and Liz. To cover up Patti’s tears before the other women see them, Barb impulsively shoves a lemon in Patti’s eye.
The next morning, Karen, Liz and Patti get ready to go back to their lives. Liz sees that Barb is at a crossroads and advises her that she must choose a road- any road. After the friends leave, Barb gets a phone call from her husband. Barb makes her decision. She prepares a list of food that is needed for dinner that evening. Barb returns home, but it's not to the same place.

</doc>
<doc id="20842939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842939" title="Mannington Township School District">
Mannington Township School District

The Mannington Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Mannington Township, in Salem County, New Jersey, United States. 
As of the 2007-08 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 162 students and 13.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.5.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "CD", the sixth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For grades 9-12, students attend Salem High School in Salem City, as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Salem City School District.
School.
The Mannington Township School had an enrollment of 162 students in the 2007-08 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="20842946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842946" title="Searchlight (Transformers)">
Searchlight (Transformers)

Searchlight is the name of two fictional character in the Transformers toy line, comics and cartoon series.
Transformers: Generation 1.
A creature of the night. Cruises the Earth with the curiosity of a cat. Nothing is too insignificant or irrelevant to escape his notice. Quiet, serious; a loner. Top row of headlights equipped with stereoscopic digital video cameras, spectroscopic chemical analyzer, and radiation detector. Bottom lights can produce strobe effect, full color spectrum with blinding 10,000 watt power.
Marvel Comics.
Searchlight appears in the Marvel Comics Transformers series.
In Transformers (Marvel Comics U.S.) issues #29-30, the Throttlebots were a rogue band of Autobot rebels whom Ratbat captured and forced to go to Earth to end a Scraplet infestation - tiny viral robots that turn into bolts and screws and eat metal upon contact - by exterminating the infected. Blaster, Goldbug and the Decepticon Triple Changers had already been infected, with Goldbug searching for a cure; the Throttlebots reluctantly attempted to kill him until they discovered the Scraplets could be killed with water. Curing the plague, the Throttlebots joined Blaster and Goldbug on the road, eventually being hunted down by the Autobots (under Grimlock's command), the Combaticons and R.A.A.T. forces. Rollbar having been injured earlier by an R.A.A.T. ambush, the Throttlebots were captured by R.A.A.T. and eventually executed as a show of disapproval against Decepticon attacks (R.A.A.T. and the American government believed all Transformers were allied despite statements by their captives and humans who learned the truth); they only survived by having their brain modules secretly removed by sympathetic government agent Walter Barnett. Their brains spent some time in toy cars before their bodies were rebuilt by Fortress Maximus' crew.
The Throttlebots were destroyed by the Underbase-powered Starscream. Goldbug was rebuilt (as Bumblebee) but the other Throttlebots were never shown rebuilt; Chase appeared as part of an Autobot task-force in the GI Joe/Generation 2 crossover but he was killed by Megatron.
Animated series.
The Throttlebots are among the troops commanded by Rodimus Prime in their attempt to rescue the body of Optimus Prime from the lab of Doctor Mark Morgan. They are infected with the hate plague.
IDW Publishing.
Searchlight served under Optimus Prime in the Autobot hub.
The Throttlebots appeared as a whole team in IDW's Spotlight Metroplex.
Searchlight was on the Autobot Orbital Command Hub in "Spotlight: Blaster". He was present when Blaster was recovered and returned to the Autobots.
Transformers: Power Core Combiners.
Searchlight is the most skilled at search and rescue among the Autobots.
When Maketoys released promotional images of their Missile Launcher Jungle Type toy they included photos of it combined with Searchlight.

</doc>
<doc id="20842947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842947" title="Cross-dressing in literature">
Cross-dressing in literature

Cross-dressing in literature has been studied by many literary and cultural critics.

</doc>
<doc id="20842958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842958" title="Johnny Oulliber">
Johnny Oulliber

John Andrew Oulliber (February 24, 1911 – December 26, 1980) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for one season, who later became a banker. He played in 22 games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1933 Cleveland Indians season. He later became president of First Commerce Corporation, a bank in New Orleans. 

</doc>
<doc id="20842977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842977" title="G. M. Khan">
G. M. Khan

Col G.M. Khan is a former Indian national equestrian. He won the gold medal at 1982 Asian Games in ‘Three Days Event’. He was honoured with Arjuna Award in 1984. He hails from Rajasthan state. He served Indian army and was decorated with VSM.

</doc>
<doc id="20842982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842982" title="Tommy Worle">
Tommy Worle

Tommy Worle was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20842985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842985" title="Lefty James">
Lefty James

William A. "Lefty" James (July 1, 1889 – May 3, 1933) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He pitched for the Cleveland Naps from 1912 to 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="20842989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20842989" title="Coralliophila sertata">
Coralliophila sertata

Coralliophila sertata is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Coralliophilinae the coral snails, within the family Muricidae the rock snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20843003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843003" title="Leonard Tan (musician)">
Leonard Tan (musician)

Leonard Tan, PhD "(né" Leonard Yuh Chaur Tan; is an influential trinational-based, Singaporean music director, conductor, tubist, violinist, and music educator at scholastic, collegiate, conservatory, and professional levels.
Tan was awarded an NIE Music Scholarship to pursue a PhD in music education at the Jacobs School of Music, Indiana University Bloomington. In 2013, he was appointed Assistant Professor of Music at the National Institute of Education, Nanyang Technological University. He is also the Music Director of the Philharmonic Winds and Associate Conductor of the Singapore National Youth Orchestra. 
Formal education.
Tan spent his early musical years playing the violin and tuba, and studied harmony with Singaporian composer Leong Yoon Pin (1931–2011). Following music studies at Raffles Junior College — where he studied with Constance Wong — he went on to earn a Licentiate diploma in orchestral tuba (LRSM) from the Royal Schools of Music and a Licentiate diploma in musical theory, criticism, and literature (LMusTCL) from Trinity College London. Prior to teaching and conducting, Tan was an active tubist, performing with ensembles, including the Singapore Symphony Orchestra, the Singapore Opera Orchestra, the Singapore Armed Forces Central Band, the Desford Colliery Band, and the Singapore Stompers (Dixieland Jazz).
Tan's conducting studies included work with: 
Appointments.
Tan has directed and mentored musicians at all academic levels — at primary schools, high schools, comprehensive universities, and conservatories. He has been a music director and conductor of several ensembles, including St. Margaret's Secondary School Symphonic Band, CHIJ Concert Band, Catholic High Symphony Band, the National University of Singapore Wind Symphony, Victoria Junior College Symphonic Band, Nanyang Polytechnic Symphonic Band, and Singapore Polytechnic Symphonic Band. In January 2007, Tan was appointed conductor of the Singapore National Youth Sinfonia, a constituent ensemble of the Singapore National Youth Orchestra, a National Project of Excellence.
Career.
In 1999, Tan was appointed Resident Conductor of St. Margaret's Secondary School Military Band, now known as St. Margaret’s Symphonic Band. He watched the band grew from strength of 20-odd members to a full-sized band. After garnering several awards both local and international, his career grew as he took over many bands as Resident Conductor. He was also the conductor of secondary school bands, including Chestnut Drive Secondary School, and CHIJ Toa Payoh.
In addition, other appointments including conductor of the Singapore National Youth Symphonia (formerly the Singapore National Youth Training Orchestra), music director and resident conductor of National University of Singapore Wind Symphony, music director of Philharmonic Winds, resident conductor of Victoria Junior College, Serangoon Junior College, and Singapore Polytechnic Symphonic Bands, Nanyang Polytechnic Symphony Orchestra, and band conductor of Catholic High School and CHIJ Bands. 
In addition to his conducting engagements, Tan has served as music teacher at the NUS High School of Math and Science, where he taught music theory and history, music theory teacher at the Singapore Armed Forces Bands, lecturer in conducting at the LASALLE College of the Arts and lecturer in band training and direction at the Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts.
Professional affiliations.
Tan is a member of the College Band Director's National Association, World Association for Symphonic Bands and Ensembles, Music Educator’s National Conference, and the Conductors Guild.
Tan has conducted Singapore Symphony Orchestra musicians in a Singapore-Japan Composers Exchange Concert, Singapore National Youth Orchestra musicians in the "Ong Teng Cheong Concert," as well as several performances with the Philharmonic Winds. His conducting repertoire ranges from early classics to such twentieth-century works as Stravinsky’s "The Soldier’s Tale", and music by Singaporean composers Leong Yoon Pin, Goh Toh Chai, and Kelly Tang. In a production of Puccini’s opera "Madama Butterfly," he worked with an international cast, choir, and orchestra. 
As a tubist, Tan has performed with the Singapore Symphony Orchestra, Singapore Opera Orchestra, Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra, Desford Colliery Band (UK), Singapore Stompers (Dixieland), Singapore Armed Forces Tuba Quartet and the Regal Brass Quintet. As soloist, he has performed concertos by Ralph Vaughan Williams, Edward Gregson, Derek Bourgeois, and music for tuba and electronic tape by Walter B. Ross (born 1936). He conducts brass and tuba clinics and coaches the Singapore National Youth Orchestra Brass Ensemble.
Honors.
Tan led Victoria Junior College Symphonic Band to a Gold with Honours Award at the 2007 Singapore Youth Festival and a Gold award at the Pacific Basin Music Festival in Honolulu, Hawaii in 2006, the St. Margaret’s Symphonic Band to a Gold award at the 2005 Singapore Youth Festival, the CHIJ Concert Band to a Gold award at the 2007 Singapore Youth Festival, as well as a Gold with Distinction award at the 21st Century International Band Competition in Genting Highlands, Malaysia.
Selected publications.
Academic & literary criticism

</doc>
<doc id="20843020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843020" title="Lerwick Town Hall">
Lerwick Town Hall

Lerwick Town Hall is located in central Lerwick, Shetland, Scotland. It was completed in 1884 during a period of expansion in Lerwick due to the wealth the herring industry brought. It is protected as a Category B listed building.
It was situated at the highest point of Lerwick available facing west to the new town with its back to the old town, lanes and harbour.
It was designed by architect Alexander Ross of Inverness and builder John M. Aitken of Lerwick won the tender at a cost of £3,240. The foundation stone was laid on 24 January 1882 by Prince Alfred (Duke of Edinburgh and second son of Queen Victoria) on a visit to the isles. That same evening Lerwick saw the first ever Up Helly Aa torchlight procession.
The building took 21 months to build and was officially opened on 30 July 1883 (although the building was not complete) by George Thoms, sheriff of Caithness, Orkney and Shetland.
But further work has been done to it in its years. The most recent was the replacement of the front steps which was badly decayed and was replaced just before The Town Hall's 125th Anniversary.
The Town Hall is home to Shetland Islands Council's council chambers and is available to hire for functions and events. Some of The Town Hall's most popular uses are:
Inside the building.
Inside there is some stainded glass windows which show many people who have been important in the history of Shetland, Norway and Scotland. The Hamburg Window was meant to tell one of the most interesting stories in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="20843030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843030" title="Mareeba Airfield">
Mareeba Airfield

Mareeba Airfield is an airfield located south of Mareeba, Queensland, Australia. Built in 1942 as a US Army Air Force base during World War II, the airfield had two runways, with a complement of taxiways, hardstands and a containment area. After the war, much of the airfield reverted to agricultural use, while the southern runway remains as an active airfield.
History.
World War II.
A major US Army Air Force Base during World War II, Mareeba housed both heavy bomber and fighter squadrons of that Service in 1942 and 1943. The Americans referred to it as Hoevet Field in honor of Major Dean Carol "Pinky" Hoevet who was killed on 16 August 1942. Known USAAF units assigned were:
With the departure of the American units, Mareeba was then used by Nos 5 and 100 Squadrons, No 5 Communication Unit and a variety of Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) support units, with No 24 Operational Base Unit disbanding in early 1946.
Modern use.
Today, the airfield hosts a museum with several World War II vintage airplanes on display in a flyable condition, and a major maintenance facility for Mission Aviation Fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="20843051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843051" title="Tex Jeanes">
Tex Jeanes

Ernest Lee "Tex" Jeanes (December 19, 1900 – April 5, 1973) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for five seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1921 to 1922, the Washington Senators from 1925 to 1926, and the New York Giants in 1927. His uncle was Hall of Famer Tris Speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="20843052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843052" title="Sunny Lee">
Sunny Lee

Sunny Lee is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Hany Lee. She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 8 April 2009. Sunny was created by executive producer Susan Bower in response to criticism that "Neighbours" was "too white". Lee came to the attention of "Neighbours" producers after she entered a competition run by "Dolly Magazine" to win a three-month contract with the show. Despite not winning, she was cast as Sunny soon afterwards. In August 2009, it was announced that Lee and Sunny would be departing "Neighbours" and Sunny made her final appearance on 19 November 2009.
Sunny was an exchange student from South Korea who is taken in by Karl (Alan Fletcher) and Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne). Sunny was described as having "typical teenage insecurities", which made her appear abrasive, unfriendly and "snobby". Her storylines focused on her starting a relationship with Zeke Kinski (Matthew Werkmeister), having her first kiss stolen by Donna Freedman (Margot Robbie) and being the subject of a crush by Robin Hester (Benjamin Jay). During her time on "Neighbours", Sunny was poorly received by television critics.
Creation and casting.
In July 2008, "Neighbours" was branded "too white" by black and Asian viewers in Britain. A report found that many ethnic viewers felt they were under-represented in some of Britain's most popular television shows. In Australia there was talk of a 'White Australia policy' when it came to casting actors for top-rated soaps. In response to the criticism, executive producer Susan Bower made the decision to add more ethnically diverse extras, small walk on roles and speaking parts. She also decided to introduce 15-year-old Korean actor Hany Lee into the cast as exchange student, Sunny Lee. Bower said "I know we're going to get flak about this gorgeous little Korean girl who's going to be coming in next year, because you're damned if you do and damned if you don't".
Hany Lee was chosen to play the role of Sunny after she was spotted at "Dolly Magazine"'s "Neighbours' Next Big Stars" contest. Lee made it to the final ten, but ultimately lost out on the six-week contract to Mauricio Merino, Jr. (Simon Freedman) and Chelsea Jones (Tegan Freedman). A few months later, Lee was cast as regular character Sunny after producers saw her audition tape for the competition.
In August 2009, it was announced that Lee was to leave the show. Producers confirmed that Lee would film her last scenes the following month and they would air in Australia that November. Following the news, Lee said that she would miss the friendships that she had formed with the actors and crew.
Development.
Characterisation.
Sunny clashed with her culture's patriarchal society after being influenced by life in western countries and was considered to be something of a rebel by her peers. On her arrival into the show, Sunny was described as being aloof by television channel, Five's Holy Soap website. They also described her as being bright, confident, having an outspoken nature and being "full of contradictions". Holy Soap also described Sunny as having "typical teenage insecurities", which included being self-conscious about her braces and her lack of experience with boys. This results in Sunny having an abrasive attitude. British television magazine, "What's on TV" described Sunny as being initially "disappointed by the lack of excitement in Erinsborough", they also added "Sunny appears snobby and unfriendly. But Sunny's front is a cover for a whole host of insecurities".
On her character, Lee said "She's come from an Asian lifestyle and culture so she's out there, she's got the fashion going on, the hair and make up going on and the attitude". Lee also said that she shares some similarities with Sunny, with them both having strict parents. On her departure, Lee said that Sunny took a "sacrifice" in leaving as she did not want her parents turning up and ruining everyone's lives, especially after Susan had recently suffered health issues.
Relationships.
Sunny found it difficult to express herself to the other female teens on her first day in Ramsay Street and instead she chose to talk to 'Lost Boy' from the radio station, Pirate Net about her past and her hurtful relationship with her sister.
Sunny and her housemate, Zeke Kinski, clashed on a number of occasions, which led "What's On TV" to ask "is their playful animosity fuelled by romantic chemistry?"
Viewers saw Sunny finding herself unable to deal with her feelings for Zeke and their friends trying to encourage the two to begin a relationship. Zeke managed to get Sunny to open up to him about her insecurities and she started to trust him. They later began a relationship. Holy Soap described their relationship saying "After much to-ing and fro-ing, she eventually got together with Zeke". Network Ten describe Sunny and Zeke's relationship as being a "blessing in Zeke's life, and a great help to him". Sunny is also credited with helping Zeke to heal from his past and putting him on the straight and narrow again. Bower called Zeke and Sunny the show's "Romeo and Juliet couple". Of their relationship she said "They come from different cultures and she's got a year as an exchange student, so we play out the Romeo and Juliet thing. How far do they go for their love? Do they love each other? They keep clashing because of their cultural differences".
Robin Hester played by Benjamin Jay, was a teenager who formed a crush on Sunny and tried to ruin her relationship with Zeke. Digital Spy said Robin "goes to drastic lengths to keep Zeke and Sunny apart" and Holy Soap and Jay labelled him as "creepy". Robin was seen trying to manipulate Sunny and he locked Zeke in a store cupboard, so he could spend time with her. Lee named the storyline with Robin as her favourite from her time in the show. She said "That was probably the best storyline ever because it gave me a chance to show who Sunny Lee was".
Same-sex kiss.
One of Sunny's most high-profile storylines was a kiss between herself and female character, Donna Freedman (Margot Robbie). The kiss occurs after Donna discovers that Sunny has been writing the romantic love letters given to her by her boyfriend. Sunny is then shocked when Donna leans over and kisses her on the lips and steals her first kiss. Lee said "For days, all Sunny's been able to think about is what it would be like to kiss Zeke. Now Donna's gone and stolen the moment – and Sunny's not happy, to say the least..." 
Previously a kiss between Lana Crawford (Bridget Neval) and Sky Mangel (Stephanie McIntosh) in 2004 received complaints from conservative groups. The show's producers called the kiss between Sunny and Donna "impulsive" and Robbie agreed, saying "It's really not a big deal at all. It's not an actual gay storyline, it's just kind of an impulsive peck". The storyline came weeks after rival soap "Home and Away" endured a backlash to its own same-sex romance. 
The storyline received attention from the Australian Family Association, with spokesman John Morrissey saying that he was concerned about TV "normalising" same-sex relationships. Psychologist Dr Janet Hall praised the storyline, saying it allows families to discuss the topic. Susan Bower defended the kiss, which was shot before the "Home and Away" controversy, saying "Ours is a lovely tale about friendship. It's very innocent." She added "If we were going to do a lesbian story – and ""Neighbours"" is not against lesbian stories – we would do it properly. This is a teenage romance story. There's nothing sexual".
Storylines.
Susan and Karl Kennedy decide to take in exchange student, Sunny, following their step daughter's departure. On her first night with the Kennedys, Sunny calls into the Pirate Net radio station and speaks to 'Lost Boy' about her past and her relationship with her sister. Sunny believes that she has humiliated herself by talking too much about her life. She then decides to find out who 'Lost Boy' is, so she can confront him. She is unaware that he is really her housemate, Zeke Kinski. 
During auditions for the school play, a romantic tension builds between Sunny and Zeke and they are asked to play the lead roles. Sunny quits the play when she realises that she has to kiss Zeke. Sunny then finds out that Zeke is 'Lost Boy', but she forgives him. When she sees Donna Freedman practising the kissing scene with Zeke, Sunny becomes upset. Sunny and Zeke almost share a kiss one night when they are alone. However, they are interrupted by Libby Kennedy (Kym Valentine). Due to rewrites of the play, Sunny's new character has to kiss Zeke too and Sunny grows uncomfortable again. During drama camp, Sunny and Zeke are locked in a cupboard during a game of truth or dare. They almost kiss again, but are interrupted when the door is opened. Karl realises that Sunny and Zeke like each other and he tries to keep them apart. However, they eventually start a relationship. 
Sunny offers to help out Ringo Brown (Sam Clark) with his love letters to Donna. When Donna works out that Ringo did not write the letters, Sunny has to tell her that she wrote them for him. In a spur-of-the-moment act, Donna kisses Sunny, grateful for her honesty. Sunny is upset that her first kiss was stolen by Donna. Sunny and Zeke's first kiss occurs during the play. Sunny struggles with public displays of affection with Zeke and she lies that she told her parents about their relationship. When Sunny finds that her grades have slipped, she decides to end the relationship and admits to Zeke that she did not tell her parents about him. 
At a music festival, Sunny is embarrassed when Ringo and Declan Napier (James Sorensen) interrupt a kiss between her and Zeke. She runs off into the bush, falls down a cliff and injures her ankle. Zeke also falls down the cliff, they are eventually rescued by Declan and Lucas Fitzgerald (Scott Major). Karl and Susan call Sunny's parents and learn that they know nothing about the festival or Zeke. Sunny's parents demand that she is placed on the next flight home. However, Zeke moves out, so Sunny's parents will not worry about them having a relationship. Zeke later moves back home and Karl asks Sunny to call her father and translate for him. Sunny lies to her father about the nature of the conversation and tells him that her father said everything is fine.
After hearing Sunny on the radio, Robin Hester turns up in Ramsay Street to try to get close to her. Sunny believes he is just being friendly. Robin climbs through Sunny's bedroom window and takes a photo of her. He locks Zeke in Pirate Net's storeroom, so he can spend some time with Sunny alone. Sunny and Robin go to Pirate Net to see if Zeke is there and Robin pretends to find the storeroom key and unlocks the door. Zeke tells Sunny that Robin locked him in the storeroom, but she refuses to believe him. Zeke violently attacks Robin in front of Sunny, scaring her. Zeke apologises and Sunny eventually realises that Zeke had been right about Robin. Sunny meets Robin at Charlie's and tells him that she and Zeke have broken up. Robin confesses to locking Zeke in the storeroom and tries to kiss Sunny, but Zeke appears and tells Robin to stay away them.
Libby accuses Zeke of writing Kyle Canning's (Christopher Milligan) essay for him, but Sunny reveals that she wrote it. Kyle was blackmailing her after he overheard Sunny telling Donna that her parents did not know about Zeke moving home. Karl and Susan make Sunny call her parents and tell them about Zeke. Sunny tells them that her parents want her to come home. Zeke tells Sunny that he will go to South Korea with her. However, when Sunny realises how much Susan and Karl need him, she tells him to stay. On her last day, Zeke organises a picnic and a performance at Charlie's from The Black Skirts. A few days after her departure, Sunny texts Zeke and tells him not to contact her again.
Reception.
Sunny was negatively received during her time on "Neighbours". Upon her arrival, the a "Western Mail" reporter quipped that viewers were going to tire of Sunny "quite quickly" and that she was "downright irritating." Ruth Deller of entertainment website Lowculture called the character "annoying" and thought that she had "no other layers to her personality". She added "As for expecting us to believe that perma-mardy emo kid Zeke would fall for her? Don't be daft – he's the character most likely to push her from a tower. Let's hope her stay in Ramsay Street is short-lived." In November, Deller called the storyline between Sunny, Zeke and Robin "ludicrous" and she was placed at number one of the "soap characters we love to hate" list. Deller cited her "continued presence in general" as another reason for her being there.
During a feature on the best and worst soap characters of the decade, Sunny was placed at number eight on the worst soap characters list. Deller stated ""Neighbours" doesn't have a great reputation for ethnic diversity, and when they finally decide to introduce a non-white main character for the first time in years, they have to make her the most wooden, annoying, drippy character since Ned. Let's hope Sunny's failure isn't an excuse for avoiding ethnic minority casting in the future…"
Jaci Stephen from the British newspaper, "Daily Mail" was also negative towards the character, calling her "dreadful" and "awful".
Stephen also expressed her desire for the character's departure from the show and asked "When are they going to dispense with this hopeless character?" During the storyline involving Robin and Sunny, Stephen commented "Is she about to disappear into the sunset with someone else? No such luck. Looks like we're still going to have to pay a dingo to carry her off." Following Sunny's departure, Stephen said "The relief at Erinsborough becoming a Sunny-free zone is enormous".

</doc>
<doc id="20843076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843076" title="History of Maui">
History of Maui

This article summarizes the history of the island of Maui. Its relatively central location gave it a pivotal role in the history of the Hawaiian Islands.
Legend.
According to legends, the hero, Māui, lived at Kauiki, across the bay from Hana. He caught the islands of Hawaii on a fishing trip with his magical fishing hook, but failed to pull them all together when his brothers quit paddling the canoe in which they were voyaging, so the islands were left spread apart from each other. Māui was later persuaded by his grandmother to slow the sun down, so she could grow more food and dry her tapa cloth. Māui agreed to help, so he stood on the summit of Mount Haleakala and lassoed the sun's ray legs and broke them off one by one, threatening to kill him if he didn't slow down. The sun obliged.
Maui legends include the magical deeds of the Menehune. Scholars disagree as to the origin of Menehune stories. One theory is that the stories were borrowed from European brownie and pixie stories told by sailors or settlers. Another theory is that the Menehune actually were the descendants of Hawaii's earliest settlers from the Marquesas who were pushed into the forest by Tahitian newcomers. The Tahitian word 'manahune' refers to low-class workers who did the most menial tasks which, the theory goes, the second-class original settlers were forced to perform. In time the Menehune became legendary and were given magical powers to help the helpless and to punish evil actions. A third possible explanation is that the Menehune were later, non-Tahitian immigrants who were not permitted to live with or intermarry with descendants of Tahitians.
Early settlement.
Polynesians settled the island of Maui in at least three gradual waves; the earliest possibly from the Marquesas sometime before 450 AD., then others from the Marquesas about 450 AD., and lastly settlers from Tahiti from 700 AD. The Tahitian arrivals introduced the core pieces of Hawaiian traditional culture: language, economic activities, the hereditary class system, land tenure, religion, and customs such as the strict kapu system that affected all aspects of life. Hawaiian oral tradition lists an unbroken chain of twenty-five rulers (the "Moʻi of Maui) beginning with Paumakua the first Ali'i Nui of Maui.
Maui's oldest known temple enclosures (heiaus) are at Halekii and Pihana from about 1200. The structures were, according to legend, built by the Menehune in a single night from stones on Paukukalo Beach. More likely they began as small structures and were expanded as the prestige of the Wailuku grew. The last additions were thought to have been made by King Kahekili. Pihana, also called Pihanakilani and Piihana, was a luakini where human sacrifice was carried out. According to accounts written by outsiders, victims were most often kapu breakers or war captives.
Chiefdoms.
Until the 15th century Maui comprised three chiefdoms: Wailuku, Lele (Lahaina), and Hana. Eventually all of West Maui was consolidated at Wailuku, with Hana remaining an independent chieftaincy. West Maui and East Maui permanently merged about 1550 when King Pi'ilani married the daughter of Hoolae, the 6th Alii Nui of Hana. From that time until conquest Maui was ruled by a single joint royal family (Hawaiian: alii). Piilani and his successors were known for the peace and prosperity that followed. They constructed a highway that circled the island along its coast; remnants of which still exist. They also built the island's and Hawaii's largest temple enclosure. Today it is called Pi'ilanihale, built on an older temple site from about 1294. It is about high and long. Other heiau were constructed at Olowalu and Waianapanapa.
Heiau and other structures.
Many ancient structures on Maui are named in story but no longer survive. There was a fort at Ka'uiki Head at Hana which was the scene of several battles between chiefdoms on Maui or invasions from Hawaii. The last battle occurred when King Kahekili fought off a Hawaiian raid in the 1780s. On a small island at the tip of Kauiki Head a huge statue of Kawalakii was erected by King Umi of Hana to frighten off would-be invaders. The Hauola Stone in Lahaina Harbor was believed to have healing qualities; it is still there. Extensive archaeological research has been undertaken at Kahikinui on Maui's southeast coast. Several heiau have been located, as well as villages, and fields. Heiau in the Wailuku area include: Keahuku, Olokua, Olopia, Malena, Pohakuokahi, Lelemako, Kawelowelo, Kaulupala, Palamnaihiki, and Oloolokalani. There were at least three additional heiau between Kahului Harbor and Wailuku. There is a partially collapsed heiau at Keoneoio (La Perouse Bay.) In several parts of the island small shrines were set up, usually a single or cluster of standing stones where fishermen could pray and give offerings. Rarely walled canoe 'sheds' are still preserved. The Ke'anae Peninsula's taro field system is a prehistoric field system still in use.
Land tenure.
Hawaiians developed a complex and effective land tenure system. The island of Maui was divided into twelve districts (Hawaiian: moku). with Lanai, Molokai, Kahoolawe constituted their own districts or were subdivided into many other districts. Each district was ruled from earliest times by a family and later by a chief's family. Each moku was divided into many community units (Hawaiian: ahupuaa) which ran from the top of the mountain to the ocean in a roughly triangular shape ruled by subchiefs. Boundaries were natural features such as streams, rock outcrops, or forest. Each community unit was subdivided into extended family units (Hawaiian: ili) that also ran from the mountains to the ocean, so each family had access to mountain forests, uplands, coast plains for farming, and ocean.
Each district had a sanctuary (Hawaiian: puuhonua) to escape vengeance or penalty. Maui's sanctuary was located at Kukuipuka on Maui's west side near Waihee. After fleeing there, making restitution and waiting a period of time, the offender could return home. During warfare, women, children, and elders could go there and not be harmed.
Kapu society.
The social system was called the "kapu" system. According to legend the system was brought to the islands from Tahiti by the priest Paao perhaps as early as 1300. The kapu system was rooted in the class system and religious practice. People were born into one of four ranks. At the top were the alii. Next were the "kahuna', those of priestly rank who conducted religious ritual ceremonies, served as spiritual advisers, and healers. The third rank were "makaaina", the commoners who worked the farms, built canoes, gathered wood, fished and performed labor. The fourth rank, "kauwa" or outcasts, were outside the system and lived outside the community much like 'untouchables' in traditional Hindu society.
There were three main kapu (rule) types: fixed kapu, flexible kapu, and temporary kapu. Examples of fixed kapu were the complete separation of men and women at meals and that menstruating women had to live outside the household. Other fixed kapu related to the alii which set them apart from commoners and maintained their status in a society with few material possessions. Flexible kapu could be altered by the local chief. For example, certain kinds of fish could not be caught at certain times of the year. Temporary kapus were invoked for a period of days. For example, following a funeral, no one could fish for a period of time. The effect was to maintain order in the community. Kapu also conserved the environment by protecting plants and wildlife from overuse. The end result of the kapu system was to preserve the '"mana" or sacredness of the totality of the environment which would bring about peace, harmony and stability. Kapu breakers disrupted the mana and jeopardized the entire community.
Unification of the islands.
Kamehameha I (Hawaiian pronunciation: [kəmehəˈmɛhə]; ca. 1758 – May 8, 1819), also known as Kamehameha the Great, conquered the Hawaiian Islands and formally established the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1810. By developing alliances with the major Pacific colonial powers, Kamehameha preserved Hawaii's independence under his rule. Kamehameha is remembered for many reasons and one is the Kanawai Mamalahoe, the "Law of the Splintered Paddle", which protects human rights of non-combatants in times of battle. Kamehameha's full Hawaiian name is Kalani Paiʻea Wohi o Kaleikini Kealiʻikui Kamehameha o ʻIolani i Kaiwikapu kaui Ka Liholiho Kūnuiākea.
Early European encounters.
Castaways.
Oral tradition indicates that castaways, most likely Spanish, shipwrecked on the islands sometime between 1521 and 1530. Versions of this story are found on Hawaii, Kauai, and Maui. In the Maui version several white men and a woman were shipwrecked during the reign of King Kakaalaneo at Kiwi near Waihee. The captain's Hawaiian name was Kukanaloa. The men married, had families, and became ancestors of some of the chiefs.
Spanish ships sailed between Asia and Mexico or South America regularly. Analysis of documents purporting to record a 'discovery' of Hawaii by Manuel Gaetan in 1555 show that whatever islands he noted in his log were too far east to have been any of Hawaii's main islands.
Captain Cook.
On November 26, 1778, Captain James Cook became the first European explorer to see Maui. Cook never set foot on the island because he was unable to find a suitable landing. The first European to visit Maui was the French admiral Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse, who landed on the shores of what is now known as La Perouse Bay on May 29, 1786.
Simon and Thomas Metcalfe.
In 1790 an American maritime fur trader, Simon Metcalfe, anchored his ship, the "Eleanora" south of Lahaina. During the night, a Hawaiian named Kaopuiki and several accomplices killed a guard and cut the ships's cutter loose and ran it ashore. The next morning when the incident was discovered, Captain Metcalfe fired his cannon into the closest village and kidnapped several Hawaiians who told him that people from the village of Olowalu were responsible. Metcalfe moved his ship to Olowalu only to discover the village under a kapu for three days while the local chief celebrated a family occasion. As soon as the three days were over canoes from Olowalu flocked toward Metcalfe's ship to trade. Metcalfe, feigning peaceful intentions, waved the canoes around to his ship's landward side and then ordered broadsides of ball and shot fired at point-blank range, which blasted the vessels to pieces. About one hundred Hawaiians were killed and several hundred wounded.
Metcalfe then sailed to Hawaii and, at Kealakekua Bay, began what seemed to be friendly intercourse with the natives. Around the same time Metcalfe's son, Thomas Humphrey Metcalfe, arrived in the Hawaiian Islands, at Kawaihae Bay, in command of the "Fair American", a small schooner owned by his father. His voyage to the Hawaiian Islands had been delayed because the "Fair American" and its crew had been seized by the Spanish Navy during the Nootka Crisis. The younger Metcalfe's vessel was captured by Chief Kameʻeiamoku, who had been insulted and flogged by Simon Metcalfe earlier that year. Kameeiamoku had vowed to exact revenge on whatever ship next came his way, and by chance that ship turned out to be the "Fair American". Thomas Metcalfe and the entire crew were killed except for Isaac Davis, who Kameeiamoku sent as a captive to Kamehameha along with guns and cannons taken from the "Fair American". Another American from Simon Metcalfe's ship, John Young, was also captured to prevent Metcalfe from hearing about his son's murder. The two Americans, Young and Davis, commanded the cannons at the bloody battle of Kepaniwai.
Trade with Europe and China.
Sandalwood.
The first trading encounters with Europeans were independent businessmen on ships trading goods with China. Hawaiians had little with which to purchase goods except for foods and livestock, until the traders found Hawaiian sandalwood trees, that were valuable in China for incense. King Kamehameha tightly controlled contact with foreigners and centralized the sandalwood trade under his personal oversight in 1805. The resource was limited, however, and by the 1830s sandalwood became so scarce that logging stopped.
Whaling.
Whaling ships plied the Pacific along the coast of Peru and Japan as early as 1818. Hawaii sat directly between the two. Lahaina and Honolulu became the main Pacific ports for the north Pacific whaling fleet. Since Lahaina had no real harbor, ships anchored in the Lahaina Roads off Maui's southwest coast for shore leave. By 1824 more than 100 ships visited Lahaina a year. As Hawaii's capital, it quickly drew enterprising immigrants who opened taverns, brothels, inns, and shops. Hawaiians paddled out to the ships to trade fresh fruit and produce for trinket trade goods such a beads, mirrors, metal implements, and cloth. At its height in the 1850s more than 400 whaling ships a year visited Lahaina.
Whaling ships tended to stay several weeks rather than days which explains complaints about the drinking and prostitution in the town at that time. Whaling declined steeply at the end of the 19th century as kerosene and electricity replaced whale oil for lighting.
Hawaiians also began to plant many types of crops which were introduced to the islands: coffee, potatoes, sugar cane from which rum could be distilled, pineapples and rice. Sailors were introduced to the art of tattoos.
Destruction of traditional life.
The introduction of outsiders began the erosion of the class, kapu and religious systems. Even before Christian missionaries arrived in force, the system was weakened by decades of civil war among the island chiefs, foreign residents who did not fit into the system, and the introduction of new ideas about society, religion and government. The kapu system, human sacrifice and caste system in the islands appalled European visitors who condemned the entire culture. The rulers of Maui were influenced by visitors and the religious and social system was further weakened. Ultimately, the alii themselves ended the kapu and traditional religion. They could not foresee that by doing so they had weakened the foundations of their own power.
Hawaiians were exposed to the Europeans' communicable diseases, including enteric, viral, and venereal infections. A series of epidemics, killed up to 95% of the residents, destroying the social and cultural fabric of traditional Hawaiian life.
The new religion.
When Kamehameha I died in 1819, Queen Kaahumanu declared herself a co-ruler with his son Kamehameha II. She challenged many of the conventions of Hawaiian society, ending the kapu system. Heiau were destroyed, images burned or broken, and priests chased away. This threw the religious life of Hawaiians into confusion. Within two years the first Christian missionaries appeared, just as Hawaiians lost confidence in their traditional religion and social system.
Early missionaries.
The first Christian missionary arrived on Maui from New England in 1821 when a Dr. Holman built a house in Lahaina and taught with some success, later moving to Honolulu. The missionaries developed a written version of the Hawaiian Language. Among others, Hiram Bingham I employed Latin letters that approximated Hawaiian sounds in English. The only exception was the "okina", a glottal stop, which precedes some vowels in many Hawaiian words. The result was a twelve letter alphabet with additional vowel combinations. The first literature in Hawaiian was printed in 1822. By 1826 the final version had evolved by simplifying interchangeable letters b/p, k/t, l/r, v/w and eliminating several letter used only in writing foreign words. Hawaiians learned to read rapidly in their own language.
In late May 1823 Reverends William Richards and Charles Stewart and their wives from the Congregational and Presbyterian American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions (ABCFM) opened a mission at Lāhainā at the invitation of Queen Kaahumanu. Richards was permitted to build a stone house on the present site of Campbell Park in downtown Lahaina. He gradually left missionary service and became a legal advisor, diplomatic envoy and Hawaiian Minister of Education. He drew up Hawaii's first constitution. Stewart remained in the islands for two and a half years, but when his wife became ill, he returned to New England. He kept a journal of his experiences which has become an important source for the time period. Betsy Stockton, an emancipated slave, came with the Stewarts and began to teach ordinary Hawaiians. Her efforts resulted in the first classes for commoners on Maui and by the time she left in 1825 with the Stewarts, she had taught 8,000 Hawaiians. The missionaries set up a printing shop and began printing bibles and educational materials which supplied schools throughout the islands. The first stone church was built in 1828 at Lahaina called Waiola Church. The churchyard there contains the remains of many early foreigners and Hawaiians, among them, Queen Keōpūolani, the first royalty converted to Christianity, and Queen Kaahumanu. In 1831 the Lahainaluna Mission School, later Lahainaluna Seminary was established, publishing Hawaiian language bibles, and educational materials.
The early missionaries came into direct conflict with whalers when they attempted to keep sailors out of the bawdy houses and to stop Hawaiian women from visiting the ships. In 1825 a crew attempted to demolish Richards' house for his efforts to keep Hawaiians and Americans apart. A small fort was built at Lahaina after a whaling ship, "John Palmer" fired its cannon after an altercation with missionaries about women visiting ships. Reconstructed remains of the fort can still be seen. The missionaries both altered and preserved the native culture. The new religious teachings and strict Victorian ideas altered many aspects of Maui's culture while their literacy efforts preserved native history and language for posterity.
Spread of Christianity.
In the early 1830s a second wave of missionaries arrived and established churches in other parts of Maui. A congregation was established at Wailuku sometime before 1831 by Pastors Jonathan Green and Reuben Tinker. The minutes of the ABCFM gives an insight into the swift conversion of Hawaiians: "Until recently the chiefs have been regarded as something more than mortal. So when the chiefs are motivated by the Holy Ghost to embrace Christianity, their advice to join it has the force of law. So if told to attend or study, they did so." Pastors reported attendance at Wailuku on Sundays of 3,000 by 1832. By 1870 Hawaiian churches had been established in 13 locations throughout Maui and all of them with Hawaiian pastors trained at the Lahainaluna Seminary. The missionaries taught Hawaiians and began writing the islands' history, which until then existed only as oral accounts.
Missionaries believed they were "civilizing" Hawaiians. They tried to help Hawaiians become literate in their own language and English, and decrease drunkenness, sexual promiscuity, infanticide (exposing disabled children), gambling, theft, and murder. They attempted to replace Hawaiians' own religion with basic Protestant Christianity. They also introduced American notions about customs involving clothing, food, language, entertainment, education, hygiene and economy.
18th century.
In 1750 the last eruption on Mount Haleakala occurred from two vents on the south flank at Keoneoio above La Perouse Bay. It caused the abandonment of several villages at Keoneoio.
After insulting Kamehameha I, Princess Kaukooluaole was ordered to be sacrificed at Pihana after the defeat of Kalanikupule in 1790. Poloahilani, a foster-sister of the princess, was sent to be sacrificed in the princess' place; the last time the heiau was used for that purpose. (Pihana was ordered destroyed in 1819 as part of a campaign against the old religion upon the death of Kamehameha I.) Near Pihana was a warrior training camp at Kauahea.
Also in 1790 Kamehameha I set about to wrest control of the islands from Kahekili. With about 1,200 warriors and cannons and guns taken from Metcalf, Kamehameha invaded. He defeated Prince Kalanikupule in the Iao Valley west of Wailuku. The name of the battle denotes the "damming of the stream" by the bodies of the warriors killed. Kalanikupule and his chiefs escaped by climbing the pali and escaping to Oahu. 
Kamehameha gained ultimate control of Maui in 1794 when he defeated King Kalanikupule's army at the battle of Nu'uanu on Oahu. Kalanikupule was sacrificed to Kamehameha's war god at Papaenena heiau, built by Kahekili at the base of Diamond Head above Waikiki. With his death the Kingdom of Maui ended. In 1798 Kamehameha began a brick palace in European fashion as his capitol, but Queen Kaahumnu refused to live in it when it was completed in 1802. Successive rulers lived there until the 1840s when the king and his advisors began to spend more time in Honolulu.
19th century.
When the people of Maui came into contact with diseases for which they had no immunity and no effective treatment, they began to die in vast numbers. Smallpox, measles, influenza, tuberculosis, cholera, typhus, typhoid fever and sexually transmitted diseases decimated the population. Estimates range from 30% to 50% of the population died within a generation. The effect was catastrophic on the culture of Maui. The Hawaiian social system fell apart and outsiders filled the power vacuum.
Catholicism.
Father Aubert of the Congregation of Mary and Jesus arrived in Lahaina in 1846 to establish the first Catholic parish on Maui. He and his early congregants faced opposition from the Protestant missionaries, but the welcoming attitude of Hawaiians son replaced initial hostility. Father Aubert's first meeting places were open air and under thatched roofs. An adobe church, Maria Lanikula (Victorious Saint Mary) was built in downtown Lahaina.
In 1882 Father Beissel arrived at Makawao. In 1894 he completed the Holy Ghost Mission Catholic Church at Kula, serving a growing Portuguese population of cane workers.
Leprosy.
In 1860 and 1861 church leaders on Maui noticed a significant increase in leprosy (Hansen's Disease) cases. Citizens became alarmed at what they thought might be an epidemic. A doctor in Hana told the Board of Health that in Canada and the patients were isolated from the general population, provided with food and clothing until they recovered or died. In 1864 Dr. William Hillebrand suggested a place such as a box canyon be found where lepers could be quarantined. A hospital at Kalihi on Oahu was used as a gathering place where those infected presented themselves for inspection. Those with leprosy were quarantined. Kalihi was only a temporary solution. 
Property was purchased on the isolated north coast of Molokai at Kalaupapa where lepers would have no outside contact. By December 1865 the "Leper Colony" was ready. Once the colony was established, those determined to have leprosy were forced to move there. Kalihi initially sent 104 people to the island. This was complicated because ships could not get close to the beach. Patients were initially shuttled to shore by whaleboats, which was dangerous and terrifying to infectees who had already suffered separation by force from friends and families. Eventually, they were forced over the side at gunpoint to swim through the surf. Patients were marched across the peninsula to Kalawao where they found huts and tiny cottages purchased for them in near ruin.
Father Joseph Damien became the pastor of the leper colony, working from St. Philomena Catholic Church, until his death in 1893. The courage and service of his life and work among those suffering from Hansen's have inspired Hawaiians and others for generations.
Great Mahele land redistribution.
By 1848 so few Hawaiians remained and land rights had become so hopelessly confused that a land redistribution scheme, known as the Great Mahele, was established. Most Hawaiians lost their hereditary land rights. Sugar interests bought land and changed the economy of the island completely. Many native Hawaiians went to work in the cane fields instead of their own family small holdings.
Agriculture.
Sugar cane.
By the 1840s sugar cane production had gained a foothold via what became known as the "plantation system". Descendants of the old missionary families went into various businesses and used their close connections to Hawaiian royalty to arrange special concessions, including land ownership. Early planters tried to make a profit with small holdings; larger companies consolidated plantations.
Alexander and Baldwin (A&B) at Pāia was an early success. The Alexander and Baldwin plantation at Pāia stretched as far west as the ancient landing site where Kamehameha's war fleet landed in 1790. The plantation needed a port facility so a dock was built.
Immigrant workers.
Since there weren't enough native workers to cultivated the acreage, planters began importing Asian contract workers. The plan was for workers to stay for a period of time and then return home. The first workers came from China, arriving in 1852. To counter the tightly organized Chinese workers, thousands of Japanese laborers came to Maui starting in 1868. Koreans followed in 1903, and Filipinos in 1909.
Conditions on the plantations were terrible and the system ensured that workers always owed more than they had earned at the end of the season. Workers were more like indentured servants than contract laborers. About half the contract laborers returned to their homelands; the rest stayed to live on the islands. These immigrants forever altered the food, language, customs, and population of Maui. The imposition of the plantation system effectively disenfranchised the remaining native population of Maui. Foreign corporations and local bosses became the power behind the government of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Water.
In 1876 A&B Sugar Company decided to bring water from the north side of Maui to the arid south central plain. They had a lease from the government of Hawaii on the condition that the ditch be built within two years. The East Maui Irrigation System still controls water from the slopes of Haleakala. This stimulated a competitor, Claus Spreckels owner of the Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Company (HC&S). Spreckels received a second lease to any water not captured by A&B. A third competitor, Maui Agricultural Company (MA) expanded alongside the others. A sugar mill at Hamakuapoko was built in 1879 to process Maui's increasing amounts of cane.
In 1878 the need for improved transportation from sugar plantations to the port at Kahului caused Thomas Hobron to build Maui's first narrow gauge railroad. Operation commenced in July 1879 between the tiny landing at Kahului and Wailuku; it was formally named the Kahului Railroad in 1881. K.R.R. added passenger service and was extended to Pāia in 1884 where a new mill was to be built. Hobron was named postmaster and obtained the government contract for carrying mail to the plantations and towns it serviced.
Pineapple.
In 1889 David and Henry Perrine Baldwin purchased land in west Maui at Honolua and Honokohau adding to property they already owned at Haiku in east Maui. They planted pineapple as an experimental crop in 1890. Pineapples did very well as a plantation crop and additional acreages were planted resulting in the founding of Haiku Fruit and Packing Company in 1903. Henry Baldwin did so well that he formed the Maui Pineapple Company. The ranch at Honolua had tried a variety of crops and added pineapple at the suggestion of ranch manager David T. Fleming. The operations were so successful that by 1933 over of pineapple were under production.
Government.
In 1845 Kamehameha III moved his capital from Lahaina to Honolulu. Honolulu was increasingly the hub of business and transport in the islands and it had a fine harbor, which Lahaina lacked. Once sailors in Honolulu began to be prosecuted for drunken or disorderly behavior, the whaling fleet and moored off Lahaina at times 100 ships at a time.
Queen Liliuokalani ruled Maui and the other islands until the 1893 Overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii. One year later, the Republic of Hawaii was founded. In 1898 the United States annexed the Hawaiian islands naming them the Territory of Hawaii.
20th century.
Bubonic plague stopped Kahului's development as Maui's main port in 1900. The shanty-town was deliberately burned to the ground to destroy the rats which carried the disease. The port was quickly rebuilt and a rubble stone breakwater was constructed to improve the harbor in 1884.
Agriculture.
Sugar cane was grown on Maui's west coast in the area between Kāanapali and Lahaina. A short line narrow-gauge railroad, the Lahaina Kāanapali and Pacific Railroad (L.K.&P. R.R. brought cane to the Pioneer sugar mill at Lahaina. The railroad closed in the 1950s when trucks were introduced.
HC&S built one of the world's largest sugar mills in 1901 at Puunene. MA built its own sugar mill at Paia in 1906. The next decades brought explosive growth in the sugar industry. The key to cane's growth was water. Sugar companies purchased water rights. Maui Agricultural Company built the Waihee Ditch in cooperation with Wailuku Sugar. The new Wailoa Ditch brought additional east Maui water to the plantations. Companies also began to drill deep water wells. MA also began pineapple plantation farming as an experiment and it eventually became Maui Pineapple Company. In west Maui the Honolua Ditch was reconstructed to the Pioneer sugar mill in Lahaina, supervised by David T. Fleming. In 1913 K.R.R. built a railroad to Hana including an enormous trestle across Maliko Gulch, which was the highest trestle ever constructed in the islands at .
In 1948 Maui Agricultural Company and HC&S merged under the name HC&S forming the largest sugar production company in the islands. HC&S began to make significant changes to its operations including the replacing of the narrow-gauge railway it had owned since 1899 with trucks.
Government.
Maui County was established by the territorial legislature in 1905, including the islands of Maui, Lanai, Molokini (uninhabited), Kahoolawe (uninhabited), and part of Molokai, with the county seat at Wailuku.
In 1916 Prince Jonah Kuhio, Hawaii's territorial delegate in the U.S. Congress, achieved passage of an act establishing Hawaii National Park, which included the summit of Haleakala. The first permanent ranger was assigned in 1935. The next year improvements were made to the road to the summit. Civilian Conservation Corps and Work Project Authority funds and workers constructed the first visitor center.
The Vibora Luviminda trade union conducted the last ethnically based labor strike in the Hawaiian Islands against four Maui sugar plantations in 1937. The union demanded higher wages and dismissal of five foremen. Manuel Fagel and nine other strike leaders were arrested and charged with kidnapping a worker. Fagel spent four months in jail while the strike continued. After 85 days on strike, the workers won a 15% increase in wages, but no contract was signed.
In 1960 Haleakala National Park was separated from Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and expanded in 1969. The entire mountain was declared a federal wilderness area thereby protecting its unique character in perpetuity.
Air transport.
Maui's first airport was built at Maalaea in 1927 on land the legislature purchased from HC&S. Regular air service began in November 1929 for amphibious planes. Dirt runways were completed with convict labor in 1930, but were useless in wet weather. By 1936 the location and condition of the runway at Maalaea had become inadequate for the larger planes which were introduced by Inter-Island Airlines. In 1938 the Maalaea airport was condemned by the Federal Bureau of Air Commerce for its close proximity to the mountains of west Maui. Maui's only airport continued operations, but only for small aircraft.
WPA funds paid for a survey for a new airport in 1936 at Puunene, but lack of funds prevented its construction until 1938 when it opened with one paved runway and others unpaved. A small US Navy facility opened at the airport for military use. 
After the end of World War II the military decommissioned the naval air station at Kahului, so it could support commercial aviation. In 1952 Congress turned Puunene airport over to the Territory and transferred all civilian air functions to Kahului.
World War II.
After Japan's attack on December 7, 1941, all airfields in the islands were militarized. The military determined that the airport at Puunene was unsatisfactory and condemned land to build a new Naval Air Station in 1942. Puunene was also expanded as the war continued.
Maui was involved in the Pacific Theater of World War II as a staging center, training base, and for rest and relaxation. At 1943-44 peak, the number of troops stationed on Maui exceeded 100,000. The main base of the 4th Marine Division was in Haiku. Beaches (e.g., in ) were used for practice landings and training in marine demolition and sabotage. MA converted its lime kiln facility to a cement plant for the duration of the war. Thousands of former G.I.'s settled on the islands. Those who did not settle returned as tourists, which became the foundation of Maui's modern economy.
Tourism.
Maui's first resort hotel, Hotel Hana, opened in 1946. In 1961 Maui's first planned resort community opened at Kāanapali on what had been part of the old pineapple plantation belonging to the Maui Pineapple Company on Maui's west coast.
Pop culture.
In 1969 the first hippies arrived and settled in south Maui at Oneloa Beach. They introduced marijuana culture and established Maui's reputation for the best marijuana. Other 'hippie' communities were established near Pāia and on the slopes of Haleakala. They were not well received, and confrontations with authorities resulted in arrests and protests.

</doc>
<doc id="20843097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843097" title="Safti">
Safti

"Safti" is a subzone of Jurong West, Singapore. It is home to the Pasir Laba Camp. It is also the training ground and a live-firing area for Singapore Armed Forces known as SAFTI Live Firing Area which is west of Pasir Laba Camp.
There are some hills in Pasir Laba. They are Peng Kang Hill, FOFO Hill, Bunker Hill and Elephant Hill.
It is bounded west of Upper Jurong Road, which is the only part of Western Water Catchment to name it Pasir Laba. The western strip all the way at part of Tengeh Reservoir is projected to be called Wrexham, since mid-2006. So far, no developments are announced currently, unless Pasir Laba Green and SAFTI West new residential developments will be built.
It is accessible by route 182 or 193 from Boon Lay Bus Interchange and it surrounds the boundaries of Chua Chu Kang GRC (Nanyang) and West Coast GRC (Boon Lay).

</doc>
<doc id="20843123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843123" title="Dan Jessee">
Dan Jessee

Daniel Edward Jessee (February 22, 1901 – April 30, 1970) was a Major League Baseball player who played for one season. He played in one game for the Cleveland Indians on August 14 during the 1929 Cleveland Indians season, earning one career at-bat.

</doc>
<doc id="20843125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843125" title="Murai">
Murai

Murai is an area in Western Water Catchment, Singapore. Murai is home to the Murai Urban Training Facility, which is in the live-firing area. West of Murai is the Murai Reservoir, it was formerly part of Sungei Murai. Murai Farmway is industrial estate.
Murai North has four dirt roads named (with Lim Chu Kang Tracks 11 & 13). These are part of live firing area.

</doc>
