<doc id="20783747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783747" title="Frank Sexton (baseball)">
Frank Sexton (baseball)

Frank Joseph Sexton (July 8, 1872 – January 4, 1938) was a baseball player and coach. He played college baseball for Brown University from 1890 to 1893 and for the University of Michigan in 1894. He also played professional baseball from 1890 to 1897, including one season in Major League Baseball as a pitcher for the Boston Beaneaters. He later coached college baseball at the University of Michigan (1896, 1901–1902), Brown University (1903–1910) and Harvard University (1911–1915). He also maintained a medical practice at Brookline, Massachusetts for many years.
Early years.
Sexton was born in Brockton, Massachusetts in either 1868 or 1872. He was the son of Irish immigrants, John and Catherine (Comvory) Sexton. He attended Brockton High School and next enrolled at Amherst College in 1888. Sexton transferred to Brown University for the 1889–1890 academic year as a member of Brown's freshman class. He was a senior at Brown during the 1893–1894 academic year. At Brown, Sexton "won fame both as a pitcher and fielder" for the school's baseball team. In 1890, he won his first seven games at Brown, striking out 98 and allowing only 17 hits in the seven games. He played at both pitcher, second base and center field at Brown. His battery-mate was Fred Tenney, who became a well-known first baseman in Major League Baseball. Sexton played on the Brown baseball team for four years (1890–1893) and was the team captain and coach in 1892 and 1893. He graduated from Brown in 1893.
Professional baseball.
Sexton appears to have made his professional baseball debut in Canada, playing for the Shamrocks, a team sponsored by the Shamrock Athletic Association in Saint John, New Brunswick. According to one account of the early days of professional baseball in Saint John, the Shamrocks went shopping for a new pitcher in 1890: "They obtained the services of F.J. Sexton from Brown University. Sexton was a superb pitcher and received the princely salary of $150 a month" In August 1890, Sexton helped lead the Shamrocks to the 1890 pennant with a 2–0 victory over the Saint John Athletic Association.
Sexton also played in the New England League for teams in Woonsocket and Pawtucket, Rhode Island in 1891 and 1892, and for his hometown team, the Brockton Shoemakers, in 1894.
During the 1895 season, Sexton played Major League Baseball as a pitcher for the Boston Beaneaters where he was re-united with his battery-mate from Brown, Fred Tenney. In his Major League debut on June 21, 1895, Sexton allowed only two earned runs, but the Beaneaters were defeated by Brooklyn by a score of 4–2. The "Boston Daily Globe" reported on Sexton's debut: "Frank J. Sexton made his first appearance with the Boston club and pitched a first-class game, while Tenney, his old catcher, handled him in fine style." In his second start on June 25, 1895, Sexton got the win in a 5–2 victory over the New York Giants. The "Boston Daily Globe" praised Sexton's performance:"Frank Sexton faced the Giants for the
first time, and simply toyed with them, that, too, without using much speed. Five singles and one double were made by the visitors, and except for an excusable error by Long in the first inning, the Giants would have left town last evening with a shutout. Tenney and Sexton worked well, the latter holding his man at first in fine style and pitching a cool, heady game. As both Tenney and Sexton can hit and run, it made Boston by all odds the fastest nine ever put on a ball field."
Sexton played in his final Major League game two months later on August 17, 1895. He appeared in seven games for Boston and compiled a record of one win and five losses with a 5.69 earned run average. A history of the Boston baseball club published in 1897 noted that the club had signed several new pitchers in 1895, seeking to overcome the weak showing of the 1894 pitching staff. In the end, the author wrote of the new twirlers: "Stocksdale, Wilson, Yerrick and Sexton were more or less frosts, and were pitched in but few games."
In 1896, Sexton played for the Springfield Ponies in the Eastern League. He concluded his career as a professional baseball player with the New Bedford Whalers. During the 1896 and 1897 seasons, he was one of the stars of the New England League, "batting well and leading in the fielding of the league."
Baseball coach.
Michigan.
Sexton attended the University of Michigan from 1894 to 1896 as a student in the Department of Medicine and Surgery. In February 1895, "The Michigan Alumnus" announced, "F.G. Sexton, Brown University's crack pitcher is a student here this year and will help with the nine." He joined the Michigan Wolverines baseball team as a pitcher in 1895. He pitched an 11–0 shutout against Cornell during the 1895 season. It was at the conclusion of Michigan's 1895 baseball season that Sexton signed with the Boston Beaneaters.
At the conclusion of his brief Major League Baseball career, Sexton returned to Michigan as a medical student. In January 1896, "The Michigan Alumnus" announced: "Sexton, who pitched last season and who was change pitcher on the Boston league team last summer, has been engaged as coach and will not try for his old position." He reportedly agreed to coach the school's baseball team to meet the cost of his education. During the 1896 season, Sexton led the Wolverines to a 17–4–1 record. He became involved in a controversy resulting from an 1896 baseball game against Indiana at Bloomington. "The Michigan Alumnus" reported on the incident as follows:"In the second half of the seventh inning, with the score 11–11, one man out and another on base, the Indiana pitcher gave out and the captain noticed this and gave his umpire the tip to call the game, which he did, giving darkness as his reason, though the teams might easily have played a half hour or more longer. Sexton, who was umpiring for Michigan, remonstrated at this, but the Indiana team left the field, giving Sexton the opportunity to declare the game forfeited to Michigan with a score of 9 to 0."
After the game, an angry Indiana crowd closed around Sexton, and one man drew a knife on him. When the Michigan team retreated to its hotel, the crowd followed and "again opened the dispute with Sexton." When one of the men raised his cane to strike Sexton, Sexton "got him by the throat," another rushed to his help, and the Michigan players eventually pushed the fighters to the sidewalk. A warrant was issued for Sexton's arrest, but he had already left for the train. When the Indiana captain mistakenly identified one of Michigan's players, Holmes, as Sexton, Holmes was arrested and later sued for false imprisonment. "The Michigan Alumnus" summarized the incident: "The affair is unfortunate and greatly to be regretted, yet few who know the facts will blame the Michigan men for defending themselves."
Sexton transferred to the University of Pennsylvania in 1896 and received a Doctor of Medicine degree in June 1898. He then established a medical practice in Boston. While developing his practice, he played baseball in the summer of 1900 for the "Roses," a professional baseball team in Saint John, New Brunswick.
In 1901, Sexton agreed to take time away from his medical practice to coach the Michigan baseball team. An article in Ann Arbor's "The Weekly Bulletin" in April 1902 noted the Wolverines' good fortune in securing Sexton's services:"He located near Boston, where he has a good practice now. His love for baseball, however, prompted him to respond to the urgent demands of the Michigan management for his services as coach last year, as well as for this year. Michigan ought to be very grateful to Dr. Sexton for thus bestowing his time and attention to the baseball team."
Sexton's contract required him to serve as coach from April to the beginning of June. He led the 1901 team to a 13–8 record. He returned to Michigan again as coach of the 1902 team, which compiled a record of 8–10. In June 1902, Sexton returned to his medical practice in North Easton, Massachusetts.
Brown.
While continuing his medical practice, Sexton served as the baseball coach at his alma mater, Brown University. He was the baseball coach at Brown for eight years from 1903 to 1910. During his years as a baseball coach at Brown, his teams "always ranked among the best in college baseball" and finished in first place among the Eastern college teams in his last three years as coach. He led the 1907 Brown baseball team to a perfect 21–0 record. In 1907, the "Brown Alumni Monthly" noted:"Very much of this year's creditable showing is due to Frank J. Sexton, the coach, who has a great faculty for the developing of new baseball material. He has been in charge of the team two years, and we sincerely hope he will continue in charge next season. He knows the men thoroughly, is intensely interested in them, and has the advantage of being a former Brown player himself."
"The Evening News" of Providence, Rhode Island also praised his work at Brown: "he teams that Dr. Sexton has brought out at Brown always have been good ones, and ones having a splendid idea of how baseball should be played. Sexton has developed many good players for his teams, always has put the boys on their own initiative in the games and has been a strict disciplinarian."
Brown continued to practice medicine while coaching at Brown.
Harvard.
In December 1910, Sexton was hired as the baseball coach at Harvard University. He was the school's first paid, professional baseball coach. Upon his arrival, Sexton promptly instituted a new training regimen, requiring the pitchers and catchers to do daily work on the gymnasium apparatus for a month before regular practice began. Sexton told the press that the work would get their arms in shape "to avoid strains and other hurts when they begin throwing the ball around." In early March 1911, Sexton signed a two-year contract agreeing to coach the Harvard baseball team through the 1912 season.
In Sexton's first year at Harvard, the baseball team had its best record since 1901, winning 17 games and losing 6. Sexton coached at Harvard for five years from 1911 to 1915. While coaching at Harvard, Sexton drew attention for his innovative training techniques. In addition to his requiring the battery candidates to work on the gymnasium apparatus, he instituted a rigorous program of fall practice for the baseball team. Sexton told the press "there will be no let-up until they are driven to shelter by the cold weather." In 1915, a publication known as "The World's Advance" profiled a new target device used by Sexton in the training of Harvard's pitching staff.
While Sexton was at Harvard, the baseball team played an annual game against the Boston Red Sox. Although the Harvard team lost the game each year during Sexton's tenure, the scores were relatively close: 4–1 in 1910, 4–2 in 1911, 2–0 in 1912 and 5–0 in 1913.
In May 1915, Sexton resigned after a disagreement with the Harvard Advisory Baseball Committee. Sexton said that he resigned because of interference from the Advisory Committee with his work as coach. The dispute followed a decision by the committee to hire two former Harvard players as assistant coaches to work with the catchers and outfielders. In a letter published by "The Boston Evening Transcript", Sexton wrote that he did not agree to the many suggestions of the committee and concluded, "After full consideration of the matter discussed, I felt I could not retain my self-respect and esteem owing to their persistent interference and continue as coach of the Harvard University baseball team." The "Evening Transcript" wrote that Sexton was "considered one of the most efficient in the country" and opined that he "has been a good coach for Harvard and has developed some excellent teams from very ordinary material." The paper also reported that "the players and the college in general have been very much upset over the resignation of Dr. Sexton."
Sexton filed a lawsuit against the president and fellows of Harvard in May 1916 for breach of contract, claiming that he had not been fully paid the amounts owed under his contract. Sexton sought $2,000 in unpaid salary and claimed that the Harvard Athletic Committee had interfered with his coaching and had no right to do so. During a jury trial in March 1917, Sexton gave a demonstration of his methods, placing a handkerchief on the floor as home plate, and explaining the position from which he wanted the catcher to throw the ball. Sexton testified that the person who the Athletic Committee sought to impose as an assistant coach wanted to override his instruction to the catchers. The jury ultimately returned a verdict in favor of Harvard.
Later years.
After resigning as Harvard's coach in 1915, Sexton returned to his medical practice. He also served with the rank of captain in the U.S. Army Medical Corps during World War I. At the time of the 1920 Census, Sexton was living at 1032 Commonwealth Avenue in Brookline, Massachusetts with his wife Louise (age 44). They had no children at that time, and Sexton's occupation was listed as a physician in general practice. In 1922, he continued to maintain a private medical practice in Brookline.
He died at his home in either Brookline or Brighton, Massachusetts in January 1938. The cause of death was cerebral embolus and arteriosclerosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20783752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783752" title="Biggs Ford Site">
Biggs Ford Site

Biggs Ford Site is an archaeological site near Frederick in Frederick County, Maryland. It is one of the few known, large late prehistoric Native American village sites near the Monocacy River. The site dates from the Middle to Late Woodland period.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20783755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783755" title="Cystic lymphatic malformation">
Cystic lymphatic malformation

A Cystic lymphatic malformation is a deep-seated, typically multilocular, ill-defined soft-tissue mass that is painless and covered by normal skin. These malformations may further be divided into macrocystic lymphatic malformations and microcystic lymphatic malformations.
See also.
[http://www.liamsland.org] The mission of Liam's Land is to advance the research and identify possible causes of lymphatic malformation by supporting an international patient registry and funding further genetic testing and clinical trials. 
http://www.liamsland.org/national-lm-registry/ Liam's Land International Patient Registry

</doc>
<doc id="20783761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783761" title="La Paloma Glacier">
La Paloma Glacier

La Paloma Glacier () is a glacier located some northeast of Santiago. It one of the largest glaciers of central Chile. It originates at AMSL and ends at . 

</doc>
<doc id="20783763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783763" title="South London Storm Academy">
South London Storm Academy

The South London Storm Academy is the youth team set-up for South London Storm rugby league club. It is for players aged 16 to 18 and was established in May 2008 in association with the Jack Petchey Foundation.
History.
The "South London Storm Rugby League Academy" was launched in May 2008 with the support of a £10,000 grant from the Jack Petchey Foundation.
The initial three-year plan will see Storm working with a number of local 6th forms and colleges including St Joseph's College in Upper Norwood, Carshalton Boys Sports College and Croydon College.
The idea a behind the academy is that the inductees will gain much more than just playing rugby league. The backing of the Jack Petchey Foundation has enabled the club to introduce a programme that can help prepare the participants for a career in sport and in which they will learn about how to look after themselves through living a healthier lifestyle. The players will be encouraged to gain Level 1 coaching badges and qualify as referees, and they will then be placed with the junior clubs in the South London rugby league structure to gain experience. In addition they will be given advice on nutrition, injury prevention and sports psychology.
The first Academy intake was announced in January 2009.
The scheme is administered from the South London Community Rugby League office at St Joseph's College (Boys) in Upper Norwood.
Personnel.
Academy Head Coach
Academy Assistant Coach
Academy Team Manager

</doc>
<doc id="20783767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783767" title="Hwanbyeokdang">
Hwanbyeokdang

Hwanbyeokdang or Hwanbyeokdang Pavilion is a garden pavilion, located in the neighborhood of Chunghyo-dong, Buk-gu of Gwangju, near Damyang County in South Jeolla Province of South Korea. It was built by Sachon (also known as Kim Yunje, 1501–1572) on the hill behind his house. Hwanbyeokdang was named 'Hwanbyeokdang' by Sinjam, and a rough translation is 'a place surrounded by green trees and water.' It was also previously called "Byeokgandang" (벽간당).
An anecdote.
The pavilion is known as a historical site related to Jeong Cheol and has an anecdote regarding him. When Kim Yun-je took a nap in the pavilion, he dreamed that a dragon flew into the sky from a fishing spot. After awakening, he felt odd, so ran to the place and found a boy swimming there. Kim was so fascinated with the boy and his remarkable appearance, that arranged for his granddaughter to marry the boy. The boy was Jeong Cheol who later became a politician and famous literary figure.
Structures.
The pavilion was constructed on a stone embankment on the hillside facing south. It has rooms on the south, north and west sides and has a wooden verandah on both the east and west sides. When originally built it was in the traditional style of a pavilion but was modified by Sachon's descendents. When first built it was surrounded by bamboo but these have now gone and in place of the bamboo there are myrtle, zelkova, phoenix, cherry and Chinese quince trees.
Sachon spent his later years, after the 1545 purge of scholars called "Eulsa sahwa" (을사사화), here training young scholars. Both Jeong Cheol and Seohadang Kim Seong-Won studied here. Inside the pavilion there are on display poems by Song Si-yeol and Im Eok-ryeong.

</doc>
<doc id="20783769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783769" title="L'Hermitage Slave Village Archeological Site">
L'Hermitage Slave Village Archeological Site

L'Hermitage Slave Village Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Frederick in Frederick County, Maryland. The location, within the boundaries of Monocacy National Battlefield, was the site of l'Hermitage Plantation, founded about 1793 by the Vincendière family. The Vincendières are believed to have been former Haitian landowners who had fled the Haitian Revolution to the Catholic-leaning state of Maryland. L'Hermitage was notable during its time for its size, brutality and for the large number of slaves on the property.
The site was the subject of an archeological excavation by the National Park Service in the summer of 2010 which focused on the structures on the site, believed to have been slave cabins. The Park Service had acquired the area in 1993 as part of an expansion of the battlefield site, and conducted preliminary investigations in 2003. The location became known as the Best Farm, and many of its structures remain extant as part of the battlefield's landscape.
L'Hermitage Plantation.
The Vincendière family was initially headed by Marguerite Mangan de la Vincendière, some of her children, and a relative, Jean Payan de Boisneuf. Marguerite's husband, Etienne Bellumeau de la Vincendière did not come to Maryland, choosing instead to establish himself in Charleston, South Carolina. Twelve slaves accompanied the Vincendières. Marguerite and Etienne's daughter Victoire, aged 17 in 1793, was responsible for assembling the lands of the plantation between 1793 and 1798 and became head of the family by 1800. By 1800 there were ninety slaves on the property, which encompassed at its peak. The plantation was notable for its size and ethnic character; more typical landholdings in the area were much smaller, with no more than a dozen slaves, and were owned by German immigrant farmers. The slave population at l'Hermitage was the second largest in Frederick County, and one of the largest in Maryland. The Vincendière family may have been trying to re-create the large-scale slave labor system that they were familiar with in Haiti, possibly in order to cultivate labor-intensive crops. The Vincindières built many of the structures still visible at the site.
Slavery.
L'Hermitage was also known in its time for its harsh regime. Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz traveled through the area in June 1798, recounting that he had been told of tyranny and torture at the plantation:
Nine court proceedings against family members for cruelty to slaves are recorded, including proceedings against Boisneuf for "cruelly and immercifully beating and whipping" six slaves and against Victoire Vincendière for beating her slave Jenny. These charges were dismissed, but Boisneuf was found guilty in 1797 of beating a slave named Shadrack and of "not sufficiently clothing and feeding his negroes."
The Vincendières sold L'Hermitage in 1827, after gradually dispersing most of their slaves. Victoire moved to a townhouse in Frederick. Victoire died in 1854, still the owner of three slaves. Her will stipulated their freedom. Slavery at the property continued under the new proprietors. John Brien (or O'Brien) bought the farm and continued the practice, and David Best, the farm's tenant from 1843 kept slaves. Best had six slaves in 1860, making him one of the largest slave owners in the county. Slavery ended in Maryland in 1864.
The l'Hermitage site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20783771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783771" title="Glengarra Wood">
Glengarra Wood

Glengarra Wood is a mixed woodland in Ireland located southwest of Cahir, Co. Tipperary off the M8 motorway and R639 road. Approximately in extent, it is situated on Old Red Sandstone on the southern slopes of the Galtee Mountains. It is mainly a coniferous forest with Sitka Spruce being the main species. Other conifer species present include Scots Pine, Japanese Larch, Douglas Fir, Norway Spruce, Western Hemlock and Western Red Cedar. The area also contains approximately of native Oak, Birch and Alder. Animals present include fallow deer, foxes, badgers, hares and red squirrels. Birds include pheasants, hawks, kestrels, ravens, herons and many song birds.
History.
Glengarra property was formerly part of the Shanbally Estate, between Burncourt and Clogheen, which was owned by Viscount Lismore. During the 19th century he built a lodge (which is now An Óige youth hostel ) about up from the main road. He planted the area along the river and road leading to the lodge with many native and exotic trees. Some of those that are still present are Cedars of Lebanon, Sequoiadendron, spruces, pines, Laurel and a variety of arboreal Rhododendron. 
Glengarra Wood is a Millennium Forest Project site. A number of these projects were developed in the Irish countryside in the year 2000 as part of a government initiative to plant one native tree for every household in Ireland. The Glengarra project is in size and contains approximately 60,000 trees, mainly Oak with some Birch, Alder and Scots Pine as well.
Public amenity.
There are two waymarked trails on the site. A loop walk starts at a car park and is waymarked in red. It goes across a river and through many different stands of trees, back over the river again, down a forest road, in through more forest before ending back at the car park. 
The Millennium Walk, which is about long, commences at the top of the car park and is signposted by stakes with a green arrow and Oak leaf on them. There is a small car park about up the road to the An Óige Hostel which contains signage and information on the Millennium Forest. It stretches from about to about above sea level and there are a number of viewing points looking south to the lowland Golden Vale and the Knockmealdown Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20783788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783788" title="Burebrot">
Burebrot

Burebrot, Bauernbrot, Pain paysan or Pane del nonno () is a bread made in Switzerland. "Bauernbrot" is also made in Germany. Unlike most other breads, which are mainly composed of flour, yeast and water, the "Burebrot" also contains milk.
The bread is made by mixing rye and wheat flour, water, salt, yeast and a leavening agent into a dough, which is formed into a round shape. After 70 to 90 minutes, the surface is cut with a knife do create a decorative lozenge pattern and the bread is baked first at a high, then at a moderate temperature until the crust is crunchy.
Despite its name, the "Burebrot" is of relatively recent origin: it was developed in 1955 by the "Ecole Professionnelle de Richemont" in cooperation with the Swiss Bakers' Association as a way to make use of surplus milk. It is now available in most Swiss bakeries and supermarkets as a bread for everyday consumption. As a bread developed by professionals, it is not usually made at home.

</doc>
<doc id="20783789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783789" title="Haugtussa">
Haugtussa

Haugtussa (edited 1895) is an epic circle of poems, written by the Norwegian author Arne Garborg. The poems are reckoned a classical example of Norwegian Neo-romanticism or Symbolism. The themes of the poems are closely related to Garborg's rural background, and a number of supernatural beings, like the draug, the hulderpeople and other creatures, are involved. A "Haugtusse" is originally a female subterrestrial (a Hulder), but in this story it is an eponym of the main character, a psychic young girl, usually called "Veslemøy". In 1900 Garborg published a sequel, "I Helheim" ("In Hel").
Plot.
Veslemøy (or Gislaug), is the youngest of three sisters, living alone with her elderly mother in the area of Jæren. Her oldest sister is dead, and her other sister went to town, possibly falling into prostitution. The family is poor, and is sometimes harassed by the local land-owner.
Veslemøy is known to have great insight in local tradition and folklore, and the other youths often gather around her to hear her tell stories, or to conduct riddle-games. Veslemøy also shows skills in the art of making stories herself. One night, her dead sister visits her, telling her that she is appointed to "see" more than others, to be psychic, and to predict. This is a great burden to her, but she takes it on, rather willing to "see" than to be indifferent. From now on, visions haunt her, and the secondary world powers are after her. She is nearly abducted into the mountain. From now on, she is also called Haugtussa (Fairy maid). She has also the ability to see what animal each person around her has behind him or her, not all of them good. The owner of the greater farm is followed by a dragon (symbolizing greed).
Veslemøy experiences the pangs of any young girl, she falls in love, and almost gets betrothed to the boy on the neighbouring farm. In the end, he gets married to a richer girl, and this nearly breaks her. Veslemøy has to fight even harder with her demons, and is once again taken into the mountains. Here, she meets the remaining Norse trolls, lamenting their fate and how light has taken the land from them. She is offered the hand of the Haugkall (mountain king). She resists, and is found witless and brought home sick. At the end of the book, her sister consoles her once again, telling her to be of good faith, and to prepare for a descent into Hel, guarded by a völva, who will teach her "through fear, the work which will become your honour".
Sequel.
The following book, "I Helheim" ("In Hel"), tells of Veslemøy's descent through the realms of the dead. Garborg tells a story similar to the divina commedia, using the text to criticize on morals and the church at the time. The poetic structure in this book is simpler, with one metre almost all the way. Veslemøy also learns about the blessed realms, and eventually wakes up wiser and more consoled than ever before. The epilogue tells how she later lives alone, ending as the "wise woman" in the community.
Music.
The poems of the main "Haugtussa" song cycle are catchy, and inspired to music from early on. Some of the poems are sung to folk tunes, and Edvard Grieg worked with 20 of the poems from 1895. Eight of these were selected for publication as a song cycle (Opus 67) in Copenhagen in 1898, and simultaneously a German and English version was published in Leipzig. Later, newer composers have made their own cycles on the text. The poems remain some of the best-known Nynorsk poems in Norway.
List of poems.
The poems as listed from the 1909 edition of Garborg's "Skriftir i Samling" (Collected Works), divided into subsections.

</doc>
<doc id="20783800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783800" title="Frank Barnes (left-handed pitcher)">
Frank Barnes (left-handed pitcher)

Frank Samuel "Lefty" Barnes (January 9, 1900 – September 27, 1967) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Barnes played for the Detroit Tigers in and the New York Yankees in . In 6 career games, he had a 0-2 record, with a 7.79 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="20783834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783834" title="Asian Women's Youth Handball Championship">
Asian Women's Youth Handball Championship

The Asian Youth Handball Nations Championship is the official competition for youth women's national handball teams of Asia, and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the Youth World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20783836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783836" title="Brian Maxcy">
Brian Maxcy

David Brian Maxcy (born May 4, 1971 in Amory, Mississippi) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Detroit Tigers for two seasons. He pitched 41 games during the 1995 Detroit Tigers season, and pitched two more during the 1996 Detroit Tigers season.

</doc>
<doc id="20783844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783844" title="Capillary aneurysms">
Capillary aneurysms

Capillary aneurysms are flesh colored solitary lesions, resembling an intradermal nevus, which may suddenly grow larger and darker and become blue-black or black as a result of thrombosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20783847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783847" title="Memorial Argo Manfredini">
Memorial Argo Manfredini

The Memorial Argo Manfredini is a tennis tournament held in Sassuolo, Italy since 2000. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20783851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783851" title="The Red Danube">
The Red Danube

The Red Danube is a 1949 American drama film directed by George Sidney and starring Walter Pidgeon. The film was based on the 1947 novel "Vespers in Vienna" by Bruce Marshall.
Plot.
Shortly after World War II, British Col. Michael "Hooky" Nicobar (Walter Pidgeon) is staying in Rome with his aides Audrey Quail (Angela Lansbury), Major John "Twingo" McPhimister (Peter Lawford) and Private David Moonlight (Melville Cooper), when he is suddenly transferred to Vienna. Hooky is assigned to assist Brigadier C.M.V. Catlock (Robert Coote) in monitoring possible activities against the Allied nations and repatriating Soviet citizens living in the British zone of Vienna. He and his aides are billeted at a convent, led by the friendly Mother Superior (Ethel Barrymore). At this convent, Twingo is drawn to a ballerina known as Maria Buhlen (Janet Leigh). He falls for her instantly and tries to meet her, but she is reluctant to, until they are officially introduced to each other by Mother Superior.
Twingo and Maria start going out, until Soviet Colonel Piniev (Louis Calhern) reports to Hooky, announcing he is searching for a Russian ballerina named Olga Alexandrova, aka Maria Buhlen. Piniev assures Hooky that he means no harm to Olga, and that it is his order to bring her back to the Soviet Union. Later that night, Maria and the Mother Superior reveal that Maria is Olga, the daughter of Soviet dissidents. Shortly later, the Soviets search the entire convent, looking for Olga. Hooky does not reveal that he is aware of Olga's presence, not wanting to put the Mother Superior's image in danger. However, after the Russians leave without having found Olga, Hooky announces that he will give her into the hands of the Soviets the next day. When he overviews Twingo trying to help Olga escape, which Olga declines because she does not want to be the cause of endangering Hooky and Twingo's friendship, Hooky gives her into the hands of the Soviets the same night.
Over the next few days, Hooky is heavily criticized for his actions by Twingo and Mother Superior. He and Twingo continue their repatriation duties as they announce to the Soviet Professor Serge Bruloff (Konstantin Shayne) that he is about to be deported, to which Bruloff reacts by shooting himself. Hooky claims that there is no connection between Olga's reluctance to be deported to the Soviet Union and Serge's suicide, until the third person on his list, Helena Nagard (Tamara Shayne), Serge's wife, responds by bursting into tears. Hooky starts to doubt the policy of the Soviets and as he witnesses Olga being deported to a harsh detainment camp, he swears to raise awareness of the way these displaced people are being treated.
One day, after telling Mother Superior how he has lost faith since the death of his son, Hooky finds out the Soviets are taking authority in the British zone in their own hands by displacing Soviet citizens themselves. Hooky, enraged, rushes to the train station, where he witnesses the poor conditions they are in. Mother Superior, who accompanied him, notices the presence of Olga among the people in the train. Later, Hooky announces he will take over all the people in the train, prohibiting them from being transferred to Moscow. Sometime later, Hooky finds out Olga has escaped from the Soviets and brings her to safety with Twingo, who is now her lover.
When Hooky and Mother Superior receive a visit from Piniev, who is looking for Olga, they refuse to co-operate and are therefore let go from their assignment. The following period, Hooky helps Mother Superior fly to Rome to visit the Pope. Afterward, Hooky is ordered to turn in Olga to the Soviets. He refuses and is officially fired from his job. Meanwhile, Twingo and Olga plan on moving to Scotland, when she is suddenly captured by Hooky's replacement, Colonel Omicron, who intends to turn her in to Piniev. Realizing her fate, she attempts to commit suicide by jumping out of a window; she dies that evening of her injuries. Shortly after, Hooky is assigned to an operation called "Humanizing Army". The repatriation is ended, and Hooky is put in charge of administering the new policy.
Production.
Shortly after the release of the novel "Vespers in Vienna", Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer showed interest in a film adaption and production was set to start in June 1947. In January 1947, it was announced Irene Dunne, Spencer Tracy and Robert Taylor were set to star. In October 1947, some of the background footage was shot on location in Rome and Vienna. The film was shelved, however, and the original director Victor Saville was eventually replaced by George Sidney. Furthermore, the three principal actors withdrew and were replaced by Walter Pidgeon, Ethel Barrymore and Peter Lawford. Agnes Moorehead briefly replaced Barrymore in March 1949.
On October 14, 1948, it was announced Audrey Totter was slated to co-star as Audrey Quail. She was replaced by Angela Lansbury in early 1949.
For the scenes of the war camps, 1,500 starved-looking extras were sought. The crew admitted they were looking for real war refugees but found that most of them were already looking too healthy. One crew member called it "the biggest casting problem since "The Good Earth" (1937)".
Reception.
Although MGM assigned an all-star cast to "The Red Danube", including a big budget, the film was a commercial failure. According to studio records, it earned $1,177,000 in the US and Canada and $682,000 overseas, resulting in a loss of $905,000.
The film was criticized for being a propaganda film, "designed to make you hate Russia and recognize the Vatican as the true champion of freedom".
It was nominated an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Cedric Gibbons, Hans Peters, Edwin B. Willis, Hugh Hunt).

</doc>
<doc id="20783857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783857" title="Nolands Ferry I Archeological Site">
Nolands Ferry I Archeological Site

Nolands Ferry I Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Tuscarora. It is a prehistoric occupation site located in the Monocacy region of southern Frederick County, Maryland. Diagnostic artifacts at the site indicate that the site was almost continuously inhabited from the Paleo-Indian period to the early 1800s, with the most substantial inhabitation occurring during the Late Woodland period.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20783870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783870" title="Generalized essential telangiectasia">
Generalized essential telangiectasia

Generalized essential telangiectasia (also known as "General essential telangiectasia") is characterized by the dilation of veins and capillaries over a large segment of the body without preceding or coexisting lesions, telengiectases that may be distributed over the entire body or be localized to some large area such as the legs, arms, or trunk.

</doc>
<doc id="20783877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783877" title="Ed Barney">
Ed Barney

Edmund J. (Ed) Barney (January 23, 1890 – October 4, 1967) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Barney played for the New York Yankees and the Pittsburgh Pirates in and . In 88 career games, he had a .224 batting average with 61 hits in 272 at-bats. He batted left and threw right-handed.
Barney was born in Amery, Wisconsin and died in Rice Lake, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20783887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783887" title="Matt Maysey">
Matt Maysey

Matthew Samuel Maysey (born January 8, 1967 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He pitched two games for the Montreal Expos during the 1992 Montreal Expos season and 23 games with the Milwaukee Brewers during the 1993 Milwaukee Brewers season.

</doc>
<doc id="20783888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783888" title="Judith F. Kroll">
Judith F. Kroll

Judith F. Kroll is a Distinguished Professor of Psychology, Linguistics, and Women's Studies at Pennsylvania State University. She specializes in psycholinguistics, focusing on second language acquisition and bilingual language processing.

</doc>
<doc id="20783889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783889" title="El Tejar de El Guarco">
El Tejar de El Guarco

Tejar de El Guarco is the capital city of the El Guarco Canton, in the province of Cartago in Costa Rica. 
Read news about Tejar, El Guarco and Cartago at www.micartago.com 

</doc>
<doc id="20783899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783899" title="Universal angiomatosis">
Universal angiomatosis

Universal angiomatosis (also known as "Generalized telangiectasia") is a bleeding disease that affects the blood vessels of the skin and mucous membranes as well as other parts of the body.

</doc>
<doc id="20783912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783912" title="The Freeep">
The Freeep

The Freeep is an EP from musical Indie group Matt Pond PA. Originally released for free, the EP was available as a direct download from the band's website. It has since been removed, but on September 1, 2009, it was released for sale as a digital download, via iTunes and Amazon MP3, with the new title "Auri Sacra Fames".

</doc>
<doc id="20783922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783922" title="2008 NECBL season">
2008 NECBL season

The 2008 NECBL season was the fifteenth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a wood bat collegiate summer baseball league. The league's Holyoke, Massachusetts franchise, the Holyoke Giants moved to Lynn, Massachusetts and became the North Shore Navigators. Also, the league's Concord, New Hampshire franchise, the Concord Quarry Dogs, moved to Holyoke and became the Holyoke Blue Sox.
In the quarterfinal playoff rounds, Keene defeated North Shore 2-0 (1-0,10-7), Pittsfield defeated North Adams 2-0 (4-3,7-2), Sanford defeated Vermont 2-1 (3-5,5-1,1-0), and Newport defeated Manchester 2-0 (9-2,9-3). In the semifinal rounds, Newport defeated Pittsfield 2-0 (13-5,6-3) and Sanford defeated Keene 2-0 (15-4,6-5). In game 1 of the championship series, Sanford defeated Newport 6-5. In game 2, Sanford defeated Newport 4-1 to win the NECBL championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20783929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783929" title="Shoemaker III Village Site">
Shoemaker III Village Site

Shoemaker III Village Site is an archaeological site near Emmitsburg, in the extreme northern section of Frederick County, Maryland. Pottery fragments, projectile points, and other artifacts found at the site date it to 900-1300.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20783936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783936" title="Klang (album)">
Klang (album)

Klang is the third and final studio album by the English indie rock band The Rakes, released on March 23, 2009. The album was preceded by the first single "1989" on March 16. The Rakes recorded the album with Chris Zane in Berlin, Germany, a decision that lead singer Alan Donohoe explained is because "The London music scene is so dull--it's like wading through a swamp of shit. We just wanted to be somewhere more inspiring." Hence the name of the album which is the German word for 'sound'.

</doc>
<doc id="20783955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783955" title="Unilateral nevoid telangiectasia">
Unilateral nevoid telangiectasia

Unilateral nevoid telangiectasia presents with fine, threadlike telangiectases, developing in a unilateral, sometimes dermatomal, distribution, with the areas most often involved being the trigeminal and C3 and C4 or adjacent areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20783973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783973" title="Gerry Convery">
Gerry Convery

Gerry Convery (born September 27, 1955 in Northern Ireland) is a former Canadian darts player.
Career.
Convery made his televised debut in the 2004 Las Vegas Desert Classic, beating Darren Webster in the first round before losing in the second round to Dennis Smith. Convery then played in the 2005 PDC World Darts Championship, beating Tang Jun of China in the first round and then beat Wes Newton to progress to the third round where he lost to fellow Canadian John Part. Convery also won the Canada National Championship in 2005.
He returned to Las Vegas for the 2005 Desert Classic but lost in the first round to Alex Roy. Convery then returned to the World Championship in 2006, beating Dave Askew in the first round before losing in the second round to Alan Warriner-Little. Convery then suffered first round exits in the World Championships in 2007 to Steve Beaton and in 2008 to Barrie Bates. He also suffered first round losses in the 2007 and 2008 Desert Classics, losing to Mervyn King and Jelle Klaasen.
2008 was not a good year for Convery. Apart from winning the WDF-ranked Quebec Open, he suffered early exits in the North American Darts Championship and the US Open as well as the Players Championship Las Vegas. He also lost his Klondike Open title which he had won the past four years, losing in the semi finals. He didn't earn enough money to qualify for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship through the North American rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="20783988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783988" title="3D user interaction">
3D user interaction

In 3D user interaction (3DUI) or 3D user interfaces (3DUIs) the human interacts with a computer with an aspect of three-dimensional space. With its roots in virtual reality, 3DUI is now broadly considered to refer to many different domains along the virtuality continuum or a general term for interaction in reality-based interfaces. This includes such domain as, "virtual, mixed and augmented reality, tangible interaction, ubiquitous and pervasive computing, context-aware computing, handheld, or mobile interaction, perceptual and affective computing as well as lightweight, tacit or passive interaction". There is also a strong gaming and entertainment component to 3DUIs, especially with the rise of such devices as the Nintendo Wii (Wiimote) and Apple iPhone. The background of 3DUIs has been compiled into what has become the standard reference of 3DUIs.
See 3D interaction.
Conferences.
Several conferences have work related to 3DUIs: 
SIGGRAPH, CHI, IEEE Virtual Reality, Virtual Reality Software and Technologies (VRST), Symposium of Interactive 3D User Interfaces, Symposium on Interactive 3D Graphics, Graphics Interfaces (GI)

</doc>
<doc id="20783990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783990" title="Darren Navarette">
Darren Navarette

Darren Navarrette is a professional American "vert" (vertical) skateboarder. He is currently the team captain of Creature Skateboards, under the direction of Lee Charron, which is under NHS distribution. Nicknamed the "Vertical Vampire", "Old Crow" or simply "Navs", he is associated with hesh skateboarding. He has avoided large events, such as the X-Games and AST Dew Tour, while openly criticizing them, and even has a competition at the Creature vert ramp the same weekend as the Dew Tour called Rumble In Ramona. Navarrette also appears in video games. He is a symbol of vert skateboarding everywhere.
Biography.
Navarette grew up in Minneapolis and Kansas City, skating vert from the start. He skated with Al Partanen and Sam Hitz, current members of the Creature skateboard team.
Navarrette dropped out of high school as a senior and moved to Florida. In 1994, at the age of 18, he again moved, this time to California. At the time, he was sponsored by Good Times Skateboards.
In the late 1990s, Navarette made the move to Creature Skateboards).

</doc>
<doc id="20783994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783994" title="Hichkas">
Hichkas

Soroush Lashkary (; born May 10, 1985) better known by his stage name Hichkas (; meaning "Nobody") is an Iranian rapper from Tehran. Hichkas is considered as one of pioneers of "Persian Rap" and "Persian Urban music".
Early years & music career overview.
Hichkas is one of the first Iranian Rappers to be successful. He is known for membership in a supergroup called 021. In about 2003, he started his work in Vanak participating in Persian free-styling with people who also cover some English language songs in the Rap battle. Hichkas gained attention when he began rapping in Persian about social problems and the younger generation in Iran. Hichkas is commonly referred to as the God father of Iranian rap.
Hichkas has collaborated with a number of International hip hop artists including the legendary American hip hop artist Kool G Rap who has been cited as a major influence to some of hip-hop's most critically acclaimed figures such as Eminem, Nas, Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G., Big Pun, RZA, Raekwon, Ghostface Killah, Necro, Action Bronson, Homeboy Sandman, and more.
Releases.
His first album's Jangale Asfalt release brought much recognition to his name in Iranian communities, His first album is first Persian Rap album.
Music style.
Hichkas has a unique theistic and nationalistic lyrical style, avoiding vulgar words while referring to social issues. He uses elements of Persian traditional music combined with Western music.
Discography.
International Collaborations.
Hichkas has collaborated with a number of International hip hop artists including the legendary American hip hop artist Kool G Rap who has been cited as a major influence to some of hip-hop's most critically acclaimed figures such as Eminem, Nas, Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G., Big Pun, RZA, Raekwon, Ghostface Killah, Necro, Action Bronson, Homeboy Sandman, and more.
Official Websites.
https://www.hichkas.me
https://www.facebook.com/HichkasOfficial
https://twitter.com/HichkasOfficial

</doc>
<doc id="20783997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783997" title="Mind your own business (disambiguation)">
Mind your own business (disambiguation)

Mind your own business is a common English saying. 
Mind your own business may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20784000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784000" title="Chaucer Holdings">
Chaucer Holdings

Chaucer Holdings is a specialist insurance business, with headquarters in the City of London, underwriting risks at Lloyd's of London,the world's insurance and reinsurance market. Chaucer is a member of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (NYSE: THG), based in Worcester, Massachusetts, and ranked among the top 25 property and casualty insurers in the United States.
Chaucer was acquired by The Hanover Insurance Group in 2011. 
Business written.
Chaucer currently manages two Syndicates at Lloyd’s – Composite 1084 and Nuclear 1176 which together underwrite some 42 classes of business. 
Energy encompassing exploration and production, construction, downstream, operational power and renewables, insuring against physical damage, business interruption, control of well, seepage and pollution and liabilities. Energy also includes a nuclear account, which provides coverage across the nuclear fuel cycle.
Marine and aviation including worldwide direct, facultative and treaty business. The marine account provides cover for hull, liability, war, terrorism, cargo, political risk, specie, fine art and satellite. The aviation account insures airline hull and liability, general aviation, refuellers and aviation products.
Property including treaty business, as well as direct and facultative coverage for commercial and industrial risks against physical damage and business interruption. The treaty account covers cedants on a global basis, predominantly on an “excess of loss” basis for both per risk and catastrophe coverage, with a limited amount of proportional treaty and reinsurance assumed business.
U.K. motor providing primary insurance coverage to U.K. motor policyholders. Chaucer writes personal automobile, commercial and fleet polices, as well as specialist classes, including motorcycles, motor trade, and classic and specialist vehicles. In addition, the U.K. motor line includes a small amount of commercial property damage and liability polices protecting small/medium-sized enterprises.
Casualty and other including liability coverage for professional and commercial risks on a direct and treaty basis, crime and professional liability coverage for financial institutions, medical malpractice and excess workers’ compensation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784002" title="Mind your business">
Mind your business

Mind your business may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20784005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784005" title="Chiverton Cross">
Chiverton Cross

Chiverton Cross is a road junction in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, about four miles (6 kilometres) north-east of Redruth and five miles (8 km) west of Truro at . Its name derives from Chyverton House which is in the extreme east of the parish of Perranzabuloe. 
Three parishes.
The junction is the point where the parishes of St Agnes (northwest and west), Perranzabuloe (northeast) and Kenwyn (east and south) meet. The scattered settlement of Three Burrows lies south of Chiverton Cross; it is in the parish of Kenwyn and to the west is Two Burrows.
Roundabout.
Chiverton Cross is where the A390 trunk road from Truro and the B3277 to St Agnes meet the east-west A30 trunk road. Westward from the roundabout, the A30 is a dual carriageway road: to the east is a 7-mile single carriageway section. To the south-east, the A390 is also single carriageway. This leads to congestion at busy times of day. 
Junction of St Agnes Parish (SAP) - Kenwyn Parish (KP) - Perranzabuloe Parish (PP)
Improvement works by Cornwall Council since May 2010 have caused various carriageway closures westbound between Chiverton Cross and Avers Roundabout, north of Redruth and eastbound and westbound between Chiverton Cross and Chybucca, the junction for Perranporth and Truro.
There are motorists' services by the roundabout including the Chiverton Arms pub (illustrated right), a Starbucks coffee shop (formerly a Little Chef restaurant) and two filling stations.

</doc>
<doc id="20784012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784012" title="CKYQ-FM">
CKYQ-FM

CKYQ-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 95.7 FM in Plessisville, Quebec. Owned by 176100 Canada Inc., the station airs a hot adult contemporary format branded as KYQ FM.
History.
The station was launched in 1972 by François Labbé, and aired on 1420 AM with the call sign CKTL as part of the Réseau des Appalaches. It was a private affiliate of Radio-Canada until 1979, when it reaffiliated with the Telemedia Radio Network.
The station was sold to its current owner in 1991, and converted to FM in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20784016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784016" title="W. David McBrayer">
W. David McBrayer

William David McBrayer (born April 13, 1950) is an award-winning American film, television producer, writer and entrepreneur.
Education.
McBrayer attended the University of Tennessee. He was President of the Student Art League and, while an under graduate, was published in "Perceptual and Motor Skills", for his research in perception entitled ""Effects of Social Influence in a Recognition Task of Auditory Intensity""." His primary interest was the nexus of art/the creative process/psychology. He graduated from UTC in 1973 with a B.S. in Psychology. He received a MA in Advertising/Mass Communications from Michigan State University in 1976 and was recipient of the Graduate Award for advertising. While in graduate school at MSU McBrayer co-founded PACE Marketing Group, a market research company that conducted consumer research on the UPC for a Senate sub-committee.
Career.
The New York Years (1976–1985).
McBrayer began his advertising career on Madison Avenue in 1976, with Grey Advertising on the Procter & Gamble account, before joining Young & Rubicam/Worldwide, the world's largest advertising agency at the time. McBrayer went client side, at age 27, to become Senior Vice President, Advertising & Brand Management with Culbro's General Cigar Division, the youngest senior executive in the company's 75-year history. McBrayer later founded Ad Associates, Inc., an advertising and communications company and co- founded National Market Measures, a Cleveland, Ohio based market research. company whose clients included The World Bank. He sold National Market Measures in 1987.
During his ten years in the New York ad industry, McBrayer won numerous national and international advertising awards, including the prestigious Clio Award, the International Award for Advertising Excellence, the International Television Association Gold Medal Award for Multi-Media, and various print industry readership awards.
Next Steps (1985–1999).
McBrayer co-founded Digital Solutions, Inc., an Atlanta based technology company specializing in digital non-linear editing systems for the film and television industry. DSI was recognized as one of the most successful and innovative companies of its kind in the digital broadcasting industry. While President of DSI won the Outstanding AVID reseller award and McBrayer was selected by UPS for Excellence in Business for his Golden Rule approach to business-to-business marketing. Under his leadership Digital Solutions created the DSI-AVID Educational Center to train professional editors in the latest film and television techniques.
In the mid 1990s, McBrayer also co-founded Z Post, LLC, a television production and post-production company with facilities in Atlanta and Los Angeles. Z Post's clients included Turner Broadcasting, the Cartoon Network, Vanity Fair, Avid Technology, Fox Broadcasting, Channel 36, Warner Bros. Records, the Billy Graham Association and Walk Thru the Bible. Z Post produced "Creating Hollywood Style Special Effects on the Avid Media Composer," the first authorized training CD ROM for Avid Technology, the industry leader in television and film editing and special effects technology.
In 1998, McBrayer sold Digital Solutions for an undisclosed amount.
In 1999, McBrayer created, wrote (along with "Touched by an Angel" writer Bob Colleary) and executive produced a television pilot entitled "Postcards From Heaven", starring Marion Ross and John Haymes Newton Postcards From Heaven won the Global Association of Independent Television Award for Outstanding Drama Programing in 2000. McBrayer was awarded the top prize by famed writer/producer Stephen Cannell.
In 2000, Z Post produced "Hope For Africa," a hard-hitting, six-part television series highlighting the AIDS epidemic in Africa, which aired on the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC). The series was shot on location in South Africa and Kenya. It was during this trip that McBrayer got the inspiration for his 2003 film, Beat The Drum. In 2000, SABC aired “Hope for Africa,” in Swaziland and more newspapers were sold that day in the paper's entire history because of the special brochure that was produced to accompany the series.
While filming “Hope for Africa” in Kenya, McBrayer and the production team met with Kenya's then-president Daniel arap Moi at Moi's private estate to discuss "Hope For Africa," The event was featured on Kenya television and radio. President Moi asked the team to continue its efforts to bring awareness about the AIDS crisis in Africa.
Beat The Drum.
In 2002 McBrayer formed Z Productions LLC in Los Angeles, California and moved the post production company, Z Post LLC, to Hollywood.
McBrayer began writing the script for the acclaimed feature film, "Beat the Drum" following his initial trip to Africa. The film tells the story of a young Zulu boy, Musa, who is orphaned after a mysterious "curse" strikes his village. To help his grandmother, Musa sets out for Johannesburg with his father's last gift, a handmade tribal drum, in search of work and his uncle. The journey confronts him with the stark realities of urban life, but his spirit never wavers. He later returns to his village with a truth and understanding his elders have failed to grasp: that the "curse" that is killing their people is in fact AIDS, a disease that can be prevented.
McBrayer assembled an all South African production team and shot the film in just 26 days during the summer of 2002 on-location in Johannesburg and KwaZulu-Natal. The film is dedicated "to Beatrice," his mother, who died in October 2002, during post production.
Starring Clive Scott and Owen Sejake, "Beat the Drum" premiered at the 2003 Mill Valley Film Festival. The feature film has won numerous international awards including the prestigious Montreal Zenith D'Or, which was televised live on Montreal television, and the Monaco International Film Festival Angel Award, the festival's top honor, presented to Mr. McBrayer by Miss France.
McBrayer has said that he wrote "Beat The Drum" to "help give a voice to the voiceless. I simply wanted to be an honest witness to the plight of these kids. When there is a tear in the human fabric we should all feel it." 
"Variety" heralded the film as "Spectacular," calling it a "handsome well-crafted family drama...naturalistic performances...affecting human drama...first-rate!" Leonard Maltin of Entertainment Tonight called it, "a film with a big heart and a vital message." The Hollywood Reporter said, "Audiences were enthralled by this movie." In its on-air interview with director David Hickson and young star Junior Singo (Musa) CNN called the movie, "Profoundly moving and spiritually uplifting."
The movie is represented by Sidney Kimmel International. In 2008 MGM secured the international rights to "Beat the Drum"; Genius/Harvey Weinstein Company acquired the domestic U.S. DVD rights and the DVD was first released in 2008. Showtime/The Movie Channel has contracted for the exclusive North American television rights.
Beat the Drum has won over thirty international film festival awards, including Best Picture, Best Director (David Hickson), Best Supporting Actor, (Owen Sejake), Best Actor (Junior Singo), Best Music (Klaus Badelt and Ramin Djawadi) and several Audience Awards W. David McBrayer wrote and produced the movie. Beatthedrum.com.
In cooperation with Sky Films, proceeds from airline sales of the movie, which was aired in-flight on all major international airlines, provided the financial resources to establish The Beat the Drum Village in Kenyan for AIDS orphans. This non-profit project is on-going and provides family style housing, financial support, education, and medical care for orphans with HIV/AIDS.
Philosophical Interests.
In college, McBrayer developed a keen interest in the work of Swiss psychologist Carl Gustav Jung, and in particular, Jung's concept of synchronicity. McBrayer also ascribes to certain tenants of Eastern philosophy. His first screenplay, entitled "Synchronicity," delves into this metaphysical phenomenon. McBrayer's feature film, "Beat the Drum" explores the interconnectedness of life, chance encounters, and faith. He has written and co-authored several non-fiction books on New Testament Greek and theology including, "Seven Dynamic Word Studies in the Greek New Testament," "The Original Word – Introduction to New Testament Greek," and "Granville Sharp's Remarks on the Use of the Definitive Article in the Greek Text of the New Testament." McBrayer was Executive Editor of the Byzantine Majority Textform, often sited as the definitive work on the Majority text of the Greek New Testament.
Hobbies.
In 1994, McBrayer won the Birmingham Open in fencing, a regional fencing tournament. He is a cross-country cyclist and has biked BRAG Riding Across Georgia from Atlanta to Savannah. In 2005 he completed the Natchez Trace Trail—from Natchez, MS to Nashville, TN., an approximately 590-mile trek, with his daughter Lauren Miller. McBrayer is a long-time SCUBA diver, past skydiver, and avid skier. He enjoys yoga, painting, sculpting, and exotic wood bowl turning.
W. David McBrayer is an active member of the Writer's Guild of America/East [WGA/East].

</doc>
<doc id="20784017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784017" title="Asian Men's Junior Handball Championship">
Asian Men's Junior Handball Championship

The Asian Men's Junior Handball Championship is the official competition for junior men's national handball teams of Asia, and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the Juniors World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20784034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784034" title="Burghart Schmidt">
Burghart Schmidt

Burghart Schmidt (born November 30, 1942 in Wildeshausen, Oldenburg) is a German philosopher. He is currently professor at Hochschule für Gestaltung Offenbach and the University of Applied Arts Vienna.
Education.
Schmidt was educated in biology, chemistry, physics and then philosophy and history of art at the University of Tübingen. He was coworker for many years of Ernst Bloch, over whom he submitted later also numerous publications, among them the standard work "Ernst Bloch" (1985). From 1968 to 1977 he worked as a scientific coworker of the philosopher and published his complete work at Suhrkamp. After the graduation in 1982 at the University of Tübingen as a "Dr. phil." he wrote his habilitation in 1984 at the University of Hanover.
Career.
Schmidt taught from 1971 to 1975 at the University of Wuppertal, from 1975 to 1997 at the University of Hanover, whose architecture faculty appointed him after the habilitation 1985 as a fee professor. From 1977 on he teaches also at the University of Applied Arts Vienna and from 1983 to 1997 he was also at the academy of Vienna. Since 1997 he is a professor for language and aesthetics at the Hochschule für Gestaltung Offenbach. As guest lecturer and/or a guest professor he worked 1984 to 1997 at the University of Klagenfurt, 1991/1992 at the Graz University of Technology, as well as at the International Centre for Culture and Management (ICCM) in Salzburg. Professor Dr. phil. habil. Burghart Schmidt lives since 1997 in Offenbach am Main (near Frankfurt) and Vienna.
Selected works.
. "Jahrbuch Kunst Österreich/ Edition Ostblick", Vienna 2000 (with Bernhard Cella and Anselm Wagner)

</doc>
<doc id="20784057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784057" title="Ferdinand Neuling">
Ferdinand Neuling

Ferdinand Neuling (August 22, 1885 - February 2, 1960) was a general of the Heer during World War II. In September 1939, German troops under his command occupied the Polish part of Upper Silesia and cities of Katowice, Mikołów Chorzów, committing numerous war crimes on Polish civilians and resistance fighters.
Biography.
In 1905 he joined the Kaiser's army as ensign in 139th Infantry Regiment. A year later he was promoted to lieutenant. He served in World War I and received the Iron Cross 1st and 2nd Class. After 1918, he continued service in the Reichswehr. In 1929, he was promoted to major, in 1933 to colonel. In the same year, he took command of 23rd Infantry Regiment.
On 1 January 1939 he became General Major and three months later took command of Landwehr in Oppeln. On the eve of World War II he was ordered to create the 239 Infantry Division, basing on Landwehr soldiers. The Division's battle value was considered very low and the unit was scheduled to be used as reserve.
On 2 September 1939, his division crossed German-Polish border in Gierałtowice. The troops marched towards Ornontowice, then Mikołów. Neuling had to struggle with Polish civilians who desperately tried to defend their homeland against Nazi aggressors. On 3 September, following the retreat of Polish Army from Upper Silesia, Neuling entered Mikołów. A day later, he seized Katowice, where was warmly greeted by German citizens and fiercely attacked by Poles. Three days later, his soldiers burned down the synagoge in Katowice.
After capturing Upper Silesia Neuling's division headed east. In October 1939 they guarded the German-Soviet border on Bug River, which was created after the fall of Poland.
In 1940 Neuling's men took part in the offensive against France, stormed the Maginot Line, and captured Colmar and Strasbourg. After that, he was put into army's reserve. Since 1942 he commanded LXII ArmeeKorps in France. On 18 August 1944, his corps was crushed by advancing units of the US Army. Neuling was taken prisoner and transferred to the POW camp in Clinton, Mississippi.
He returned to Germany in 1947 and died in Hildesheim in 1960. He never faced any charges concerning crimes committed during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20784062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784062" title="Neutrality (philosophy)">
Neutrality (philosophy)

Neutrality is the tendency not to "side" in a conflict (physical or ideological),
which may not suggest neutral parties do not have a side or are not a side themselves. 
In colloquial use "neutral" can be synonymous with "unbiased." However, bias is a favoritism for some side, distinct of the tendency to act on that favoratism.
Neutrality is distinct (though not exclusive) from apathy, ignorance, indifference, doublethink, equality, agreement, and objectivity. Double think being a potential antonym defending multiple (contradictory) views. Objectivity siding with the more reasonable position (except journalistic objectivity).
Neutrality implies tolerance regardless of how disagreeable, deplorable, or unusual a perspective might be.
In moderation/mediation neutrality is often expected to make judgments or facilitate dialog independent of any bias, putting emphasis on the process rather than the outcome. For example, a neutral-party is seen as a party with no (or a fully disclosed) interest in a conflict, and is expected to operate as-if it has no bias. 
Neutral Parties are often perceived as more trustworthy, reliable, and safe.
Alternative to acting without a bias, the bias of neutrality itself is the expectation upon the Swiss government (in Armed Neutrality), and the IFRC (in Non-interventionism).
Criticisms & Views.
Neutrality implies not judging the validity of an opinion. Thus, a neutral person will provide a platform for all opinions, including irrational or malicious opinions.
Other Views include:

</doc>
<doc id="20784071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784071" title="SCH-48461">
SCH-48461

SCH-48461 is a cholesterol absorption inhibitor.

</doc>
<doc id="20784073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784073" title="Abida secale">
Abida secale

Abida secale is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is Western European and Alpine regions.
This species is known to occur in a number of Western European countries and islands including:
Habitat.
This species only occurs on calcareous rocks.
Subspecies.
This species has a number of named subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="20784075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784075" title="Henry Johnson (bishop)">
Henry Johnson (bishop)

The Rev Henry Frank Johnson (1834–1908) was an eminent Anglican Bishop in the last decade of the 19th century and the first decade of the 20th.
He was born 17 December 1834, youngest son of Colonel Johnson of Walbury, Great Hallingbury. Educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, from 1856 to 1858 he was a Cornet in the Royal Dragoons after which he studied for ordination at Wells Theological College. Following a curacy at Richmond, Surrey he was Vicar of High Wych, Sawbridgeworth and then Rector of Chelmsford. After this he was Archdeacon of Essex, before being appointed Bishop of Colchester in 1895. He remained Bishop of Colchester until his death in 1908.
In December 1901 he was appointed Honorary Chaplain to the Essex Imperial Yeomanry.

</doc>
<doc id="20784078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784078" title="FNAB-43">
FNAB-43

The FNAB-43 is an Italian designed and developed submachinegun manufactured from 1943 to 1944. The first prototype was built in 1942 and the 7,000 built by the FNA-B ("Fabbrica Nazionale d'Armi di Brescia", "Brescia National Arms Factory", hence the name) were issued to German and Italian RSI (Repubblica Sociale Italiana) units fighting in Northern Italy. The FNAB-43 was an expensive weapon to manufacture as it used extensive milling and precision engineering in its manufacture. 
Description.
The FNAB-43 uses a lever-delayed blowback system firing from the closed bolt position. The bolt is a two-piece unit with a pivoted lever interposed between bolt head and body. On firing the bolt head retracts and begins to rotate the lever, the base of which is against a lug in the body. This lever is pivoted to delay the opening movement to allow the bullet to leave the barrel. The breech pressure then drops before the lever has completed its rotation. The movement of the lever then presses the free end against the bolt body and accelerates the bolt's movement to the rear. The base of the lever then pulls clear of the lug and the whole bolt unit continues to recoil as one piece. On returning, the lever again engages the lug and pivots forward and in doing so removes a coupling which allows the firing pin to move only when the bolt is fully forward. This unusual and complicated system allows the rate of fire to be kept down to very practical 400 rpms without having to use a heavy bolt or strong spring.
The FNAB-43 also uses a muzzle brake and compensator built into the barrel casing similar to some Russian weapons, and the magazine housing that is hinged so that the magazine can lie beneath the barrel similar to the French MAT-49. The single metal bar stock folds upwards allowing the weapon can be compactly carried.

</doc>
<doc id="20784080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784080" title="Blitz (album)">
Blitz (album)

Blitz is German industrial rock group KMFDM's sixteenth studio album, released on March 24, 2009, on KMFDM Records and Metropolis Records. It also marks the first use of five letter song titles and a five letter album title since "WWIII". The album charted after its release, as did the song "People of the Lie". "Blitz" had songs written in three different languages, and was moderately well-received by critics. Most of its songs were remixed for the band's next release, "Krieg".
Background.
The symbol used for the first track, , is a variation of the astronomical symbol for the planet Uranus, . Sascha Konietzko, the band's founder, mentions the lyrics "Up Uranus" in his blog, and at the place of the symbol in lyrics, "up Uranus" is sung. "Bait and Switch" contains lyrics from "Hark! The Herald Angels Sing". The lyrics for "Davai" are Russian, while the lyrics for "Potz Blitz!" are German.
Release.
"Blitz" was released on March 24, 2009. It was on "Billboard"'s Dance/Electronic Albums Chart for four weeks, and peaked at No. 9. It reached No. 1 on the CMJ Loud Rock Select chart and No. 15 on the FMQB Metal Detector chart. "People of the Lie" reached No. 1 for three weeks on CMJ's Loud Rock Select Tracks chart.
Reception.
"Blitz" received mixed to positive reviews.
Personnel.
All information from 2009 liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20784087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784087" title="Jean-Baptiste Gourion">
Jean-Baptiste Gourion

Jean-Baptiste Gourion, O.S.B. (1934–2005) was a French Jewish-born Benedictine monk and auxiliary bishop from 2003 until his death.
Gourion was born on October 24, 1934 in Oran, Algeria, when it was a French colony. When studying medicine in France, he decided to enter in French Army during the Algerian War.
Gourion converted from Judaism to Roman Catholicism in 1958. In 1961, he entered a Benedictine Monastery and in 1967, he was ordained a priest.
Father Gourion came to Israel in 1976 with two other monks in order to rebuild the old monastery that was in Abu Gosh and in 1999 was named abbot of the monastery.
In 2003, Gourion was nominated Auxiliary Bishop of the Latin Patriarchate of Jerusalem by Pope John Paul II. In the same year he was also appointed the titular see of Lydda. His mission consisted to care of Hebrew Catholics' spiritual necessities.
He died on June 23, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20784090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784090" title="Horst Arndt">
Horst Arndt

Horst Arndt (born September 19, 1934) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20784099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784099" title="1975 Texas Longhorns football team">
1975 Texas Longhorns football team

The 1975 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1975 college football season.
Schedule.
The Longhorns finished the regular season with a 9-2-0 record and defeated #10 Colorado in the 1975 Bluebonnet Bowl, 38-21.
1975 team players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20784105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784105" title="Hessian Barracks">
Hessian Barracks

The Hessian Barracks is a historic barracks and school building located at Frederick, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It is an L-shaped two-story stone structure with gallery porches and a gable roof. The barracks were reportedly built during the French and Indian War and occupied by General Edward Braddock and his troops on their route to Fort Duquesne. However, evidence suggests that they remained incomplete as late as 1781 when the structure was used as a prison. 
The Barracks were put to a variety of used during the 19th century including a state armory, silkworm production site, and hospital after the Battle of Antietam. The yard served as the Agricultural Fairgrounds from 1853 to 1860. In 1867, it was chosen as the site for the Maryland Institution for the Deaf and Dumb, now the Maryland School for the Deaf. Two original barracks buildings were demolished in 1871.
The Hessian Barracks was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20784106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784106" title="Jimmy Lee">
Jimmy Lee

Jimmy Lee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20784124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784124" title="Rainer Borkowsky">
Rainer Borkowsky

Rainer Borkowsky (born October 18, 1942) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was the coxswain of the German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20784137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784137" title="Laxman Singh (golfer)">
Laxman Singh (golfer)

Laxman Singh is an Indian golfer who won gold medal for India at 1982 Asian Games. He was awarded Arjuna Award in 1982. He hails from Rajasthan state. His son Ranjit Singh is also a national golfer. Laxman Singh is popularly known as Bunny Laxman Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="20784142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784142" title="Tongguanshan District">
Tongguanshan District

Tongguanshan District () is a district under the administration of Tongling City in, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China. It has a total area of , and a population of approximately 260,000. The district's postal code is 244000.
Administrative divisions.
Tongguanshan District administers six streets. These include Changjianglu Street, Tongguanshan Street, Yangjiashan Street, Shichenglu Street, Saobagou Street, and Henggang Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20784145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784145" title="Journal of Nutrition">
Journal of Nutrition

The Journal of Nutrition is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Nutrition. It was established in 1928 and the editor-in-chief is A. Catharine Ross (Pennsylvania State University). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.916, ranking it 10th out of 74 journals in the category "Nutrition & Dietetics".

</doc>
<doc id="20784163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784163" title="St. Mary's Hospital (Madison, Wisconsin)">
St. Mary's Hospital (Madison, Wisconsin)

St. Mary's Hospital is a 440-bed not-for-profit hospital located in Madison, Wisconsin that serves 18 surrounding south-central Wisconsin counties. It is a part of the SSM Health Care system based in St. Louis. Sister hospitals in Wisconsin include St. Clare Hospital in Baraboo and St. Mary’s Janesville Hospital.
History.
SSM Health Care traces its roots to 1872, when Mother Mary Odilia Berger and four other sisters came to St. Louis from Germany, after caring for sick and wounded soldiers during the Franco-Prussian War. Facing religious persecution in Germany, they came to the United States. When they arrived in St. Louis they began providing nursing care to people in their own homes. That winter, when a smallpox epidemic hit St. Louis, the sisters cared for the sick and dying. For a short time, people referred to them as the Smallpox Sisters. In 1874, the congregation received its formal name: the Sisters of St. Mary (SSM). 
Forty years later, eight sisters followed Mother Odilia's mission when they arrived in Wisconsin at the request of several Madison physicians and local clergy to establish a "Sisters' Hospital" for the city of Madison. Through the vision and hard work of the sisters, four physicians and four lay nurses, St. Mary's Hospital opened its doors and its 70 beds on September 22, 1912.
External links.
St Mary's Website

</doc>
<doc id="20784173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784173" title="Stephen of Moldavia">
Stephen of Moldavia

Stephen of Moldavia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20784180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784180" title="List of United States Senators in the 6th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 6th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 6th Congress, from March 4, 1799 to March 3, 1801.
Seniority rules.
"A Chronological List of United States Senators" includes the following explanation of how it assigns seniority.
From 1789 to 1958, senators whose terms began on the same day are listed alphabetically. Beginning in 1959, senators are listed according to commencement of first Senate term by order of service, determined by former service in order as senator, vice president, House member, cabinet secretary, governor, and then by state population. This latter system for calculating order of service has been used by the modern Senate for many years for the purposes of office assignment. It is unclear just when the Senate first began applying such criteria. 
Rank column: This consecutively numbers Senators, serving in the relevant Congress, according to seniority in that Congress. Seniority is based upon the method used by the chronological list. If the senator is not the first person to hold the seat, no number is included in the list.
A senator with broken service is placed before other senators starting service on the same day, but after senators with unbroken service starting before that date.
Senate No. column: The chronological guide gives an official number to each senator. This is the number set out in this column. That number is retained even if the senator has broken service.
As an historical article, the states and party affiliations listed reflect those during the Congress. Seats and party affiliations on similar lists for other Congresses will be different for certain members. During this Congress, there were two parties represented. Senators are classified as Democratic-Republican (DR) or Federalist (F).

</doc>
<doc id="20784182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784182" title="Geoffroy Messina">
Geoffroy Messina

Geoffroy Messina is a French rugby union footballer, born on 29 May 1982 in La Tronche, Isère.
He currently plays in the centre position. Messina started his career with FC Grenoble in 2001, and stayed with them for 2 years. At the end of 2002 he changed teams to play for ASM Clermont, where he stayed until 2005. Since then he has played for Stade Français Paris. Messina earned the title of Champion de France 2007. Messina also models on the side. He has appeared in the popular Dieux du Stade calendar since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20784183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784183" title="Oxyloma sarsii">
Oxyloma sarsii

Oxyloma sarsii is a species of small European land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk belonging to the family Succineidae, the amber snails.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of European countries and islands including:
Habitat.
This snail lives at the water line, at the edges of rivers and lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="20784193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784193" title="Chanchal subdivision">
Chanchal subdivision

Chanchal subdivision is a subdivision of the Malda district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of six community development blocks: Chanchal–I, Chanchal–II, Ratua–I, Ratua–II, Harishchandrapur–I and Harishchandrapur–II. The six blocks contain 49 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Chanchal.
Area.
The subdivision contains rural areas of 49 gram panchayats under six community development blocks: Chanchal–I, Chanchal–II, Ratua–I, Ratua–II, Harishchandrapur–I and Harishchandrapur–II. There is no urban area under these six blocks.
Blocks.
Chanchal–I block.
Rural area under Chanchal–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Alihanda, Chanchal, Kharba, Makdampur, Bhagabanpur, Kaligram, Mahanandapur and Motiharpur. Kharba police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chanchal.
Chanchal–II block.
Rural area under Chanchal–II block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Bhakri, Dhangara–Bishanpur, Gourhanda, Kshempur, Chandrapara, Jalalpur and Malatipur. Kharba police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Malatipur.
Ratua–I block.
Rural area under Ratua–I block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Baharal, Chandmoni–II, Mahanandatola, Bhado, Bilaimari, Debipur, Ratua, Chandmoni–I, Kahala and Samsi. Ratua police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ratua.
Ratua–II block.
Rural area under Ratua–II block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Araidanga, Paranpur, Pukhuria, Sreepur–I, Maharajpur, Peerganj, Sambalpur and Sreepur–II. Ratua police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Pukhuria.
Harishchandrapur–I block.
Rural area under Harishchandrapur–I block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Bhingole, Harishchandrapur, Kusidha, Rashidabad, Barui, Mahendrapur and Tulsihatta. Harishchandrapur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Harishchandrapur.
Harishchandrapur–II block.
Rural area under Harishchandrapur–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Daulatpur, Malior–I, Sadlichak, Doulatnagar, Malior–II, Sultannagar, Islampur, Mashaldaha and Valuka. Harishchandrapur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Barduari.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the Chanchal–I block and the gram panchayats of Barui, Kusidha, Rashidabad and Tulsihatta under the Harishchandrapur–I block together will constitute the Chanchal (Vidhan Sabha constituency). The other three gram panchayats under the Harishchandrapur–I block along with the Harishchandrapur–II block will constitute the Harishchandrapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency). The Malatipur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) will be formed by the Chanchal–II block and the gram panchayats of Maharajpur, Peerganj, Sreepur–I and Sreepur–II under the Ratua–II block. The other four gram panchayats under the Ratua–II block and the area under the Ratua–I block will together form the Ratua (Vidhan Sabha constituency). All these four constituencies will be part of the Maldaha Uttar (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20784195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784195" title="London Letters">
London Letters

The "London Letters" were a series of fifteen articles written by George Orwell when invasion by Nazi Germany seemed imminent,
and published in the American left-wing literary magazine "Partisan Review". As well as these "London Letters", "PR" also published other articles by Orwell.
On 3 January 1941 Orwell sent the first of his fifteen "London Letters" which were to appear in "PR" over the next five and a half years. It was included in the March–April 1941 issue.
A controversy.
The September–October 1942 issue of "PR" carried Orwell's reply to letters sent in by D. S. Savage, George Woodcock and Alex Comfort in response to his "London Letter" of the March–April issue, in which he had criticised "left-wing defeatism" and "turn-the-other-cheek" pacifists, stating that they were "objectively pro-Fascist". In his article he had mentioned several people by name, including Comfort, and referred to the review "Now", of which Woodcock was editor, as an example of "the overlap between Facism and pacifism" for publishing contributions by authors who defended these tendencies. In his reply, Orwell reiterated that "Pacifism is objectively pro-Fascist"; defended his work for the BBC's Indian broadcasts and refuted Comfort's accusation that he was "intellectual-hunting again".

</doc>
<doc id="20784217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784217" title="Wrecking Ball (Dead Confederate album)">
Wrecking Ball (Dead Confederate album)

Wrecking Ball is the first full-length album from the band, Dead Confederate. It was recorded in Austin, TX with producer Mike McCarthy (Spoon, ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, Heartless Bastards) in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20784223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784223" title="Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman">
Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman

Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman LLP was a Washington, D.C.-based law firm, itself a product of the merger between D.C. law firm Swidler & Berlin and New York City's Shereff, Friedman, Hoffman & Goodman LLP in 1998. The firm merged with Bingham McCutchen in 2006. At its height in 2005, Swidler Berlin employed some 300 attorneys with offices on D.C. K Street lobbying corridor and in New York City's iconic Chrysler Building. 
Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman was known for its regulatory, telecommunications, insurance coverage and lobbying capabilities, the latter of which was enhanced by its association with the Harbour Group, a lobbying and public relations firm with strong ties to the Clinton Administration.
The firm engaged in lengthy but ultimately inconclusive merger talks with California-based law firm Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe in 2004. The next year, Philadelphia-based Dechert made a mass raid on Swidler Berlin's DC and NY offices, hiring 57 attorneys from both the firm's corporate and litigation departments. This included many legacy Shereff Friedman attorneys and was widely seen as a blow to the firm's long-term prospects. The firm merged with bicoastal firm Bingham McCutchen the next year and the Swidler Berlin name was retired from use. Now-defunct San Francisco firm Heller Ehrman inherited much of the insurance team at that time because of conflict of interest issues. The association with the Harbour Group was discontinued although Bingham McCutchen continues to have a strong political, election law and lobbying practice. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784224" title="Men's Rimouski Challenger">
Men's Rimouski Challenger

The Men's Rimouski Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Rimouski, Quebec, Canada since 2006. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on indoor hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20784234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784234" title="AFCA Coach of the Year">
AFCA Coach of the Year

The AFCA Coach of the Year award is given annually to a college football coach by the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA). The award has had several different sponors over the years, including Eastman Kodak Corporation, and thus also been named the Kodak Coach of the Year Award.
Winners.
NCAA College Division / Division II.
This includes NCAA Division II and NAIA from 1983 to 2005.
NCAA Division III.
This includes NCAA Division III and NAIA from 1983 to 1995.
NAIA.
NAIA was included in the Division II and III groups until 2006 when it was broken into its own category.
Assistant Coach of the Year Award.
The Assistant Coach of the Year Award is presented to a deserving assistant coach in each of the four NCAA football divisions and the NAIA. The award was created to honor assistant coaches who excel in community service, commitment to the student-athlete, on-field coaching success and AFCA and professional organization involvement.

</doc>
<doc id="20784255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784255" title="Nutrition and Cancer">
Nutrition and Cancer

Nutrition and Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the role of nutritional factors in causing or preventing cancer. It is published eight times a year by Routledge. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 2.553.

</doc>
<doc id="20784259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784259" title="1978 Stanford Cardinals football team">
1978 Stanford Cardinals football team

The 1978 Stanford Cardinals football team represented Stanford University during the 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season. Bill Walsh served the second and final season of his first stint as Stanford's head coach. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784262" title="Pere d'Abella">
Pere d'Abella

Pere d'Abella was a 15th-century Catalan poet. He is the author of "Pus aix-t plau ta bandera estendre" (It pleases your flag to fly), in which he expresses the conventions of troubadour love.

</doc>
<doc id="20784271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784271" title="Alexandros Jakupovic">
Alexandros Jakupovic

Alexandros Jakupovic (born December 14, 1981) is a Greek tennis player.
His career high ATP singles rank is 464, which he achieved on March 9, 2009. As of November 4, 2013, on the futures level in singles, he has 37 quarterfinal losses, 21 semifinal losses, 8 runner-ups and 3 titles. As for doubles on the futures level, he has been far more successful. He has 31 semifinal exits, 31 runner-ups and 23 titles. On the challenger level in doubles, he has 2 semifinals, in July 2008 in Rimini, Italy, with Spaniard, Adrián Menéndez-Maceiras and in April 2009 in Athens, Greece with fellow Greek Konstantinos Economidis. He has 2 challenger doubles finals in April 2008 in Athens, Greece with compatriot, Konstantinos Economidis and in May 2012 in Athens, Greece with Spaniard Gerard Granollers-Pujol. His doubles career-high rank is 267, which he achieved on November 17, 2008. As of November 4, 2013, he is ranked 480 in singles and 533 in doubles.
He also plays an important role on the Greece Davis Cup team.

</doc>
<doc id="20784275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784275" title="Paraumbilical hernia">
Paraumbilical hernia

A paraumbilical (or umbilical) hernia is a protrusion of the intestines or gut into the abdomen through a weak point of the muscles or ligaments near the navel. It can lead to discomfort when fatty tissue gets trapped and a lump can be felt or seen. [http://www.patient.co.uk/showdoc/23068760/] Whilst they are not usually life-threatening, routine surgical treatment is usually advised to prevent enlargement or strangulation or obstruction of the gut.
Treatment.
The protrusion is put back within the abdomen in the correct position. Stitches are used to strengthen the weakness where the hernia has broken through. 
The operation is usually performed under a general anaesthetic.[http://www.nnuh.nhs.uk/docs%5Cdocuments%5C38.htm#umbilical]
In most cases this is done as a day-case without the need for an overnight stay.
Further information.
http://www.nnuh.nhs.uk/docs%5Cdocuments%5C38.htm#umbilical

</doc>
<doc id="20784278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784278" title="Myrna Gopnik">
Myrna Gopnik

Myrna Gopnik is a Professor Emerita of Linguistics at McGill University. She is known for her research on the KE family, an English family with several members affected by specific language impairment. 
Dr. Gopnik is generally credited with an important early evaluation of the KE family, and with making this family known to the wider scientific community. Subsequent research by Anthony Monaco, Simon Fisher and colleagues at Oxford University identified a mutation in the FOXP2 gene as a cause of the KE family's disorder (see: A forkhead-domain gene is mutated in a severe speech and language disorder. Lai CS, Fisher SE, Hurst JA, Vargha-Khadem F, Monaco AP.
Nature. 2001 vol. 413(6855):pp.519-23.)
Gopnik's son Adam is a well-known novelist and writer for the New Yorker, and her daughter Alison is a developmental psychology professor at UC-Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="20784283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784283" title="Janne Tuven">
Janne Tuven

Janne Tuven (born 25 October 1975) is a Norwegian team handball player.
She played for the clubs Vestby HK, Nordstrand IF and Stabæk IF. She also spent time on loan at Ikast. For the Norway women's national handball team. She received silver medals at the World Women's Handball Championship in 1997 and in 2001, and became European champion in 1998.
Tuven made her debut on the national team in 1994. She played 108 matches and scored 268 goals for the national team. She struggled with injury problems through much of her career.
She has a relationship with retired footballer Christian Holter. They live in Sandvika.

</doc>
<doc id="20784284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784284" title="Shizishan District">
Shizishan District

Shizishan District () is a district under the administration of Tongling City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China. It has a total area of , and a population of approximately 70,000 people. The district's postal code is 244031.
Administrative divisions.
Shizishan District administers four streets and one town. The streets include Shizishan Street, Xinmiao Street, Fenghuangshan Street, and Fanshan Street. The town is Dongjiao.

</doc>
<doc id="20784290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784290" title="Chintapalli Ramana">
Chintapalli Ramana

Chintapalli Venkata Ramana Babu (born April 20) in Palakol, Andhra Pradesh, India) is a Telugu film writer. His screen name is Chintapalli Ramana.
Personal life.
Chintapalli Ramana was born in Palakol, West Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh, India. His father, Chintapalli Suryanarayana Reddy, was a stage drama writer and director.
Career.
Chintapalli Ramana worked as a dialogue writer for nearly forty films, out of which thirty were super hits. Before entering into the Tollywood, he had written and directed many stage dramas. In the early days of his film career he worked as an associate director with the name Chintapalli Ramanaareddy for many films. He had been introduced as a dialogue writer through the film "Chinnabbulu". After that he wrote dialogues for the film "Suswagatham".
His third film was "Tholi Prema", which became a trendsetter in the Telugu film industry.
Chintapalli Ramana worked with Tollywood top directors namely YVS Chowdary, Srinu Vaitla, Puri Jagannadh, V V Vinayak, Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao, S V Krishna Reddy, A. Karunakaran and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="20784302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784302" title="DLM Forum">
DLM Forum

The DLM Forum is a European membership community of Public Archives and parties interested in archives, records and information management throughout the European Union. Membership is open to all.
History.
The DLM Forum was established in 1994 by the European Commission. It is based on the conclusions of the European Council of 17 June 1994 concerning greater cooperation in the field of archives.
Meaning of the DLM acronym.
Originally DLM was an acronym for 'Données Lisibles par Machine' (machine-readable data). At its 2002 conference in Barcelona (Spain) a resolution was passed changing this, so DLM now stands for 'Document Lifecycle Management'.
Objectives.
According to its constitution (paragraph 3c), one of the DLM Forum's goals is: 'to provide technology and knowledge transfer and information services, appropriate practice guidelines, benchmark indicators and information, educational, skills development and research opportunities.'
The constitution also defines (in paragraph 4) other objectives:
'(a) To provide for information services (on-line information portal, list-serv, publications, discussions forum, news, dynamic document archive);
(b) To provide for technology & knowledge transfer (technology watch, standards, legislation and policy monitoring, consultancy, connecting technology providers with users, partnership development);
(c) To provide for education & skills development (conferences, seminars and exhibitions, workshops and training sessions, managed learning environments);
(d) To provide for research (user needs analysis, economic modeling, ontology development, knowledge engineering, classification, information retrieval).'
Achievements.
The most visible achievement of the DLM Forum is the creation of a series of European records management standards, collectively known as "MoReq". The abbreviation 'MoReq' is a contraction of 'Model Requirements for the management of electronic records'.
The first MoReq requirements document, formally titled MoReq but today widely known (unofficially) as MoReq1, was published in 2001. MoReq rapidly gained acceptance across Europe and beyond. It has been translated into at least twelve languages, some of which are from outside the European Union. The enhanced successor document MoReq2 was published in 2008. Both documents have achieved the status of de facto standards, without the backing of any formal standards body. MoReq2 was enhanced by a test framework, a records management software certification programme, and an XML schema. In March 2010, the DLM Forum announced it had signed a contract with Journal IT for a major update to MoReq, to result in a version that will be called MoReq2010.
Other publications of the DLM Forum include 'Guidelines on best practices for using electronic information', seven DLM Whitepapers and Proceedings of the DLM-Forum Conferences.
Operation of the DLM Forum.
Any person or organisation can apply to join the DLM Forum; membership is subject to payment of an annual fee. In 2008 there about 60 members, including national archives, consultancies, academic institutions, records management software vendors and end-user organisations.
Until 2010, the legal entity of the DLM Forum was the DLM Network EEIG. In early 2010, the DLM Forum formed the DLM Forum Foundation, a limited company registered in England and Wales, to replace the EEIG as its legal entity.
The DLM Forum is governed by its Executive Committee, which consists of 7 to 9 elected members. The current chair of the DLM Forum Executive Committee is Toivo Jullinen, National Archives of Estonia. The DLM Forum established in 2008 a MoReq Governance Board for the maintenance and control of the MoReq2 standard and certification process.
The DLM Forum usually holds member meetings twice a year; generally these meetings are held in the country then holding the Presidency of the Council of the European Union. It also organises a major conference every three years; these conferences generally attract about 300 to 400 delegates from Europe and elsewhere. Recent conferences have been held in Barcelona (Spain), 2002, Budapest (Hungary), 2005, Toulouse (France), 2008 and Brussels (Belgium), 2011.
Numerous papers such as the constitution, presentations from conferences and member meetings, tranlsations and products are published on the DLM Forum website.

</doc>
<doc id="20784317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784317" title="Plaridel Airport">
Plaridel Airport

Plaridel Airport (Filipino: "Paliparan ng Plaridel") is an airport serving the general area of Plaridel, located in the province of Bulacan in the Philippines. It is the only airport in Bulacan. It is classified as a community airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports. It is the only airport in the Mega Manila area solely dedicated to general aviation and one of the few airports in its designation that has taxiways that extend onto the ends of a runway.
The airport was opened in 1935 and was extensively used during World War II, when it was used as a ground for training fighter pilots. Today, the airport is still used extensively as a training ground for all types of pilots, whether civil, commercial or military. Several aviation schools are found within the immediate vicinity of the airport. In addition, the airport is a popular landing site for amateur pilots and aviation enthusiasts.
The airport is remembered as a historical landmark, one of the few airports in the Philippines with such a designation.
Aviation schools.
Plaridel Airport is generally a general aviation airport which boasts of many aviation schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20784329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784329" title="The Movie Show (Irish TV series)">
The Movie Show (Irish TV series)

The Movie Show was a half-hour weekly Irish television series which served as RTÉ's flagship movie review show. First broadcast in 1993 until September 2001, it was presented by Dave Fanning, who was amongst the many people outraged when the show was axed. Movie companies were also said to be distressed at its axing. Fanning criticised RTÉ's management, who never once consulted with him before making their decision, and said the axing of the show was "ludicrous" and "outrageous". He implied that RTÉ ought to produce a programme that reviews movies as it is seen as cheap and the interviews are paid for by the movie companies themselves. Fanning insisted that it had been "a very cheap programme and we were always under budget".
"The Movie Show" was touted as returning in 2002.
"The Movie Show" is the working title of a new film review series for the 2012/2013 season on RTÉ. The series will run for 16 episodes, each of 25 minutes duration.
2012 Return.
On Thursday 1 November 2012 the show returned to RTE 2 airing at 9.00pm for 30 minutes and will run for a total of 16 weeks.
It is presented by Mairead Farrell and Eoghan McDermott with reporters Angela Scanlon, Rob Ross and Daniella Moyles.
The first episode featured interviews with Daniel Craig and Ross Noble and a review of Fun Size.

</doc>
<doc id="20784333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784333" title="Grade I listed buildings in Northumberland">
Grade I listed buildings in Northumberland

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Northumberland, by former districts prior to the 2009 structural changes to local government in England.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20784347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784347" title="Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Passenger Depot">
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Passenger Depot

The Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Passenger Depot, located in Great Falls, Montana, was built in 1915 by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road). The Milwaukee Road was the last transcontinental railroad that entered Montana in 1907-1908 as a part of its "Pacific Extension". 
The depot is a two-story brick building that includes a 135-foot tower. The building is rectangular in shape. The first floor held the waiting rooms, station agent's office and baggage rooms. Railroad offices were located on the second floor. It was designed by architect J.A. Lindstrand, who also designed the Milwaukee Depot in Missoula, Montana.
The depot continued to serve the local community until the mid-1960s. The Milwaukee Road then ceased passenger service. After the railroad's bankruptcy, the build sat vacant until it was converted into a retail mall in the 1970s. The mall closed in the early 1980s. In 1988, the building was converted into an office building.

</doc>
<doc id="20784369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784369" title="Malda Sadar subdivision">
Malda Sadar subdivision

Malda Sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the Malda district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Old Maldah municipality, English Bazar municipality and nine community development blocks: English Bazar, Gazole, Habibpur, Kaliachak–I, Kaliachak–II, Kaliachak–III, Manickchak, Old Maldah and Bamangola. The nine blocks contain 97 gram panchayats and three census towns. The headquarters of the subdivision is in English Bazar.
Area.
Apart from Old Maldah municipality and English Bazar municipality, the subdivision contains three census towns and rural areas of 97 gram panchayats under nine community development blocks: English Bazar, Gazole, Habibpur, Kaliachak–I, Kaliachak–II, Kaliachak–III, Manickchak, Old Maldah and Bamangola. The three census towns are: Kachu Pukur, Kendua and Aiho.
Blocks.
English Bazar block.
Rural area under English Bazar block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Amriti, Jadupur–I, Kotwali, Narhatta, Binodpur, Jadupur–II, Mahadipur, Sovanagar, Fulbaria, Kajigram and Milki. There is no urban area under this block. English Bazar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Malda.
Gazole block.
Rural area under Gazole block consists of 15 gram panchayats, viz. Alal, Chaknagar, Karkach, Raniganj–II, Bairgachhi–I, Deotala, Majhra, Sahajadpur, Bairgachhi–II, Gazole–I, Pandua, Salaidanga, Babupur, Gazole–II and Raniganj–I. There is no urban area under this block. Gazole police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gazole.
Habibpur block.
Rural area under Habibpur block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Aktail, Bulbulchandi, Jajail, Rishipur, Aiho, Dhumpur, Kanturka, Sreerampur, Baidyapur, Habibpur and Mangalpur. Urban area under this block consists of three census towns: Kachu Pukur, Kendua and Aiho. Habibpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Habibpur.
Kaliachak–I block.
Rural area under Kaliachak–I block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Alinagar, Gayeshbari, Kaliachak–II, Silampur–II, Alipur–I, Jalalpur, Mozampur, Sujapur, Alipur–II, Jaluabadhal, Naoda–Jadupur, Bamongram–Mashimpur, Kaliachak–I, Silampur–I. There is no urban area under this block. Kaliachak police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kaliachak.
Kaliachak–II block.
Rural area under Kaliachak–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Bangitola, Rajnagar, Uttar Lakshmipur, Gangaprasad, Rathbari, Uttar Panchanandapur–II, Hamidpur, Uttar Panchanandapur–I and Mothabari. There is no urban area under this block. Kaliachak police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mothabari.
In this block, Block Live Stock Development Officers office is at Mothabari. There are two veterinary hospitals - Block Animal Health centre at Mothabari and Additional Block Animal Health Centre at Panchanandapur-II G. P. There is one ADAC in each Gram Panchayet.
Kaliachak–III block.
Rural area under Kaliachak–III block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Akandabaria, Bhagabanpur, Lakshmipur, Bakhrabad, Charianantapur, Pardeonapur–Sovapur, Bedrabad, Golapganj, Beernagar–I, Krishnapur, Sahabajpur, Beernagar–II, Kumbhira, Sahabanchak. There is no urban area under this block. Kaliachak and Baishnab Nagar police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Dariapur.
Manikchak block.
Rural area under Manikchak block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Chowki Mirdadpur, Enayetpur, Manikchak, Nurpur, Dakshin Chandipur, Gopalpur, Mathurapur, Uttar Chandipur, Dharampur, Heeranandapur and Nazeerpur. There is no urban area under this block. Manickchak police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Manickchak.
Old Maldah block.
Rural area under Old Maldah block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Bhabuk, Mahisbathani, Muchia, Jatradanga, Mangalbari and Sahapur. There is no urban area under this block. Maldah police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Naryanpur.
Bamangola block.
Rural area under Bamangola block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Bamangola, Gobindapur–Maheshpur, Jagdala, Pakuahat, Chandpur and Madnabati. There is no urban area under this block. Bamangola police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Pakuahat.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the Bamangola block and eight gram panchayats under the Habibpur block, viz. Aktail, Baidyapur, Bulbulchandi, Dhumpur, Habibpur, Jajail, Kanturka and Mangalpur will together form the Habibpur assembly constituency. The area under the Gazole block will form the Gazole assembly constituency. The Manickchak block and the three gram panchayats of Milki, Fulbaria and Sovanagar under the English Bazar block will together form the Manickchak assembly constituency. The Old Maldaha block, the Old Malda municipality, Narhatta gram panchayat under the English Bazar block and the three gram panchayats of Aiho, Rishipur and Sreerampur under the Habibpur block will together constitute the Maldaha assembly constituency. The English Bazar municipality and the gram panchayats of Amriti, Binodpur, Jadupur–I, Jadupur–II, Kajigram, Kotwali and Mahadipur under the English Bazar block will together form the English Bazar assembly constituency. The Kaliachak–II block and the gram panchayats of Alinagar and Kaliachak–I under the Kaliachak–I block will form the Mothabari assembly constituency. All other gram panchayats under the Kaliachak–I block will together form the Sujapur assembly constituency. The Kaliachak–III block will form the Baisnabnagar assembly constituency. Maldaha and Gazole constituencies will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates, whereas the Habibpur constituency will be reserved for Scheduled tribes (ST) candidates. Habibpur, Gazole and Maldaha constituencies will be part of the Maldaha Uttar (Lok Sabha constituency), whereas the Manickchak, English Bazar, Mothabari, Suzapur and Baisnabnagar constituencies will be part of the Maldaha Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency).
Education.
Madnahar Jr. High School (মদনাহার জুনিয়র হাই স্কুল) is a "New Set-Up School" situated at Madnahar village under Karkach GP. The full address of the school is Madnahar Jr. High School, Vill- Madnahar, PO- Ichahar, PS+Block- Gazole, Dis- Malda, State- West Bengal. Pin-732124. The School Recognition No. is: S/Recog./2009/N-688, Dated:07/08/2009. The school was established in 2009. The first Academic Session has been started from August,2010 with appointment of three approved teachers "Sri Mithun Basak", "Sri Sumal Mistri" and "Basudeb Chakraborty". As the School is situated in a rural area, the number of Drop-out students is exceeding to their expectation in the first Academic Session. The total enrollment of the School is 108 in the year 2012. There are 55 students in class V, 37 students in Class VI and 16 students in class VII. The facility of drinking water & toilet are available in the School. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784370" title="Brave Raj Stakes">
Brave Raj Stakes

The Brave Raj Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually in late September at Calder Race Course in Miami Gardens, Florida. Open to two-year-old fillies, it is raced over a distance of one mile and seventy yards. The race currently offers a purse of $90,000 and the winner often will run in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies.
First run in 1975, the race was previously known as the Gardenia Stakes until 1996 when it became the Jack Smallwood Stakes for 1997 and 1998. It was renamed the Brave Raj Breeders' Cup Stakes in 1999 to honor Brave Raj, the 1996 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly who won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies. 
Silk Ridge set a new stakes record in winning the 2007 race.

</doc>
<doc id="20784372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784372" title="Zürcher Murren">
Zürcher Murren

Zürcher Murren, also called pain bernois, Bernerweggen, Spitzweggen, geschnittene Weggli or Zackenweggen are a type of bread roll traditionally made in the German-speaking part of Switzerland and, more rarely, in the Romandie.
History and name.
The first recorded mention of the "Murren" is found in a document in the Zürich State Archives from 1508. Detailed descriptions of the pastry are found in late 19th-century sources and match the contemporary appearance of the "Murren" closely. Research by Swiss food historians indicates that the "Murren" were a specialty of Zürich's bakers up until the 20th century, at which time they became popular in other parts of Switzerland, with the exception of Ticino where they are almost unknown. Up until late into the 20th century, "Murren" were a treat for feasts, as white flour was too expensive for everyday consumption by most people.
While the breadroll is known as "Zürcher Murren" (or "Zürimurre" in the local dialect) in the canton of Zürich, it is referred to as "Berner Weggli" or "Weggen" ("Bernese breadrolls") in the canton of Berne and in the Romandie, and under generic terms such as "Spitzweggen" ("pointy breadrolls") elsewhere in Switzerland. The etymology of the word "Murren" is unclear. It may be derived from Middle High German "murr" ("blunt"), from Spanish or Portuguese "morro" ("round") or from Dutch "murw" ("brittle").
Production.
Like the "Weggli", another traditional Swiss breadroll, "Murren" are made of white flour, milk, butter, yeast, a pinch of salt and sugar, malt and a leavening agent. These ingredients yield a stringy, elastic dough that is allowed to rise for 30 minutes, before it is mechanically divided into small pieces.
The pieces are again allowed to rise for half an hour in a heated closet, and are then superficially sliced with a special tool to produce five cuts that result in the "Murren"s characteristic points after baking. The "Murren" are coated with eggyolk and baked at for 20 minutes, until they are a golden brown colour.
Consumption and significance.
"Murren" are best when freshly baked, as the dough is quick to dry out. They are traditionally eaten at breakfast with jam, honey or butter; or as a snack with a chocolate "branche". The five spikes are the "Murren"'s hardest part and may hurt the palate of incautious eaters.
Commercially, "Murren" are less significant than the similar and more popular "Weggli", although they are generally available in bakeries and supermarkets across northern and central Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20784386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784386" title="List of football stadiums in Austria">
List of football stadiums in Austria

The following is a list of football stadiums in Austria, ordered by capacity. Currently all stadiums with a capacity of 7,500 or more are included.

</doc>
<doc id="20784399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784399" title="North Cedar Community School District">
North Cedar Community School District

The North Cedar School District is a public school district in Cedar County, Iowa. Based in Stanwood, the district spans northern Cedar County, and serves the communities of Stanwood, Mechanicsville, Clarence and Lowden, and the surrounding rural areas. A K-12 school district, North Cedar serves about 1,000 students.
North Cedar consists of four schools: elementary schools in Lowden and Mechanicsville, a middle school in Clarence and the high school in Stanwood. The district is governed by a five-member board of directors, which meets monthly at the middle school media center in Clarence.
The school district is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools and the Iowa Department of Education.
Athletics.
North Cedar High School sports teams are known as the Knights; their uniforms display the school's colors of purple and teal.
The school fields athletic teams in 13 sports, including:
Outdoor sports, such as football, track and field, baseball and softball, are played at the high school site in Stanwood. The indoor sports of volleyball, basketball and wrestling, take place at the middle school in Clarence.
North Cedar High School is classified as a 2A school (Iowa's second-smallest tier schools), according to the Iowa High School Athletic Association and Iowa Girls High School Athletic Union; in sports where there are fewer divisions, the Knights are in either the smallest or middle classes, depending on the sport (e.g., Class 2A for wrestling). The school is a member of the eight-team Cedar Valley Conference (CVC), which comprises similar-sized schools from communities in eastern Iowa, spanning roughly the Iowa City area to the west, to Durant on the east. Prior to joining the CVC in 2008, North Cedar was a member of the Big East Conference, which consisted of Class 1A and 2A schools from east central Iowa.
North Cedar enjoys its biggest rivalries with neighboring school, Tipton, and also with the West Branch Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="20784403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784403" title="BlackBerry Curve">
BlackBerry Curve

BlackBerry Curve is a brand of entry level smartphones that have been manufactured by BlackBerry Ltd since 2007.
Early series.
Curve 8300 Series.
The BlackBerry Curve brand was introduced on May 3, 2007 with the Curve 8300 series. The Curve brand continued the "consumer-oriented" philosophy of the BlackBerry Pearl and 8800 series, including multimedia features and a built-in camera. As is customary for BlackBerry devices, the 8300 series consists of several models offered by different wireless providers, supporting that provider's network along with specific services.
In total, 5 variants were released; 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 and 8350i. The 8300, 8310, and 8320 are able to support North American and European GSM technologies. Later in 2007, the 8310 was launched with GPS.
At the end of 2007, Research in Motion announced the 8320 featuring Wi-Fi but lacking a GPS receiver.
In early 2008, Verizon Wireless and Research in Motion the first CDMA Curve, the Curve 8330. This phone also featured upgraded memory as well and GPS. It only served the 800/1900 MHz range for CDMA2000 and 1xEV-DO. It was also the first Curve to have video recording at 240 x 176 resolution in 3GP format.
The 8350i was the last of the 8300 series to come out, which supported the 800/900 MHz iDEN and Push-to-Talk. It had 128 MB of memory and weighed 135g.
CNET's Bonnie Cha gave the Curve an "Excellent" rating. However, she found the Curve 8300's lack of 3G and Wi-Fi disappointing. Also disappointing was the phone's lack of video-recording capabilities. Call quality was determined to be subpar and calls sounded hollow on the Curve 8300. While the 8300 as originally released lacked Video Recording and Voice Note Recording, these functions have been provided with the Blackberry OS 4.5 release.
Curve 8900.
The Blackberry 8900 was released in early 2009 as a quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE phone and named the Curve 8900. The device is an upgrade over the older 8300 model, with the most significant differences being a 3.2-megapixel camera, a micro-USB port, Wi-Fi, and an upgraded operating system.
Initial release was in February 2009 on T-Mobile but was later released on AT&T as well. This phone is known as Blackberry Javelin in Asia. @ China Mobile versions were released the 8910 in 2010 and in 2011 the 8980. The 8910 is identical except for the removal of wifi to comply with Chinese regulations at the time. The 8980 design is radically different from the 8900 or 8910; its design cues is virtually identical to the Blackberry Bold 9700/9780/9788 series but lacking 3G capabilities; the 8980's keyboard is the typical Curve "chicklet".
While not as positive as other BlackBerry phones, the reviews of the Curve 8900 were mostly positive with praise for the improvements made over previous models but was criticized for the lack of 3G and a relatively slow processor. The 8900 was also praised for its new, stylish and confident look.
Curve 8500 Series.
The BlackBerry Curve 8500 series was announced in July 2009 and released the following August. This series continued Research in Motion's developing "consumer-oriented" philosophy of the BlackBerry Pearl and Curve 8300 series smartphones with the inclusion of additional multimedia features. It was also the first blackberry to introduce the new trackpad vs the trackball in previous models. A CDMA version was released as the Curve 8530.
Curve 9300 3G.
The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 is a mid-range smartphone developed by Research in Motion and was the first Curve device to function on 3G networks. The 9300, and its CDMA counterpart, the Curve 9330, also contained some minor improvements over the 8500 series including a faster processor and the ability to upgrade the OS to BlackBerry 6. The BlackBerry Curve 9300 series also continued with the dedicated media keys on the top first introduced with the BlackBerry Curve 8500 Series. The Curve 9300 was released on Rogers Wireless in Canada on Aug 4th, 2010.
A CDMA variant named the Curve 9330 was also produced with OS 6 for 800/1900 MHz CDMA and CDMA 2000 1X EVDO and has more memory (512 MB RAM and 512 MB internal). The 9330 only supports data and voice simultaneously when data is being transmitted over WiFi, while the 9300 supports simultaneous data and voice over the mobile network.
BlackBerry 7 series.
Blackberry Curve 9220/9310/9320/9321.
This series of BlackBerry Curves are low end models developed mainly for developing economies and budget conscious BlackBerry consumers. They are stripped down versions of the mid-range Curve 9350/60/70 series, with a lower resolution screen, lower camera resolution and thicker design but a bigger battery. Unique features include a dedicated BBM convenience key and FM Receiver. The 9320 and 9321 is the 3G GSM variety and was released in May 2012. The 9310 is the CDMA variety was released July 2012. The 9220 is a 2G GSM and was launched first in India April 19th 2012. All phones run on Blackberry OS.
BlackBerry Curve 9350/9360/9370.
The Curve 9350/9360/9370 are mid-range models in the Curve series announced in August 2011 and released September 2011. The Curve 9350 series has a slimmer, lighter-weight design with improved technical specifications over the Curve 9300 series and also runs BlackBerry OS 7.1. The 9370 is a CDMA/GSM World Edition, the 9360 is a 3G GSM/HSPA+ variant, and the 9350 is a CDMA only variant. The series of phones includes a 5-megapixel camera with an LED flash and uses a 800mhz single core processor.
All the phones include NFC, Wi-Fi Calling and FM radio with the OS 7.1 upgrade. The 9370 has more eMMC memory than its siblings at 1 GB as compared to 512 MB.
Blackberry Curve 9380 Series.
TechRadar gave the Curve 9380 three out of five stars, complimenting its affordability, the quality of its screen, its design for being more comfortable and not as fragile as other smartphones, and the improvements in the 7.0 operating system. However, reviewers also felt the device felt unstable, its social networking integration was of inconsistent quality, the implementation the Blackberry OS on a touchscreen device wasn't as elegant or mature as other smartphone platforms, and concluded that the phone "the best option in its price range."
Model comparison.
The following tables highlight features of the different models.

</doc>
<doc id="20784407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784407" title="Norwegian (goat)">
Norwegian (goat)

The Norwegian goat breed from Norway is used for the production of milk and meat. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784411" title="Cedar Creek, Texas">
Cedar Creek, Texas

Cedar Creek is an unincorporated community located 11 miles west of Bastrop in Bastrop County, Texas, at the intersection of Texas State Highway 21 and Farm to Market Road 535. Although it is unincorporated, Cedar Creek has a post office, with a ZIP code of 78612. The community takes its name from a tributary of the Colorado River named Cedar Creek.
The 405-acre Hyatt Regency Lost Pines Resort is located in Lost Pines.
Education.
Students in the Cedar Creek area attend Cedar Creek Elementary School, Cedar Creek Intermediate School, Cedar Creek Middle school, and Cedar Creek High School. All Cedar Creek schools are within the Bastrop Independent School District.
Parks.
Cedar Creek County Park was dedicated in 2008. The 46 acre park is Bastrop County's first county park. The park features fields for football, soccer, and baseball, courts for basketball and sand volleyball, a playscape, nature trails, historic sites, picnic tables and a butterfly garden.
Climate.
Climate is characterized by relatively high temperatures and evenly distributed precipitation throughout the year. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Cfa" (Humid Subtropical Climate).ί
History.
In 1832, Addison and Mary Owen Litton and others settled the area around where the Old San Antonio Road crossed Cedar Creek. A road from Austin to the Gulf of Mexico was laid out through Bastrop County near Cedar Creek in 1837. In 1842, the Methodist church became an important part of the community. Other churches followed, including a Presbyterian church in 1855. The first school was established in 1849. In 1852, a post office opened. In the 1883, a teacher-training school opened. By the late 1880s, the population dropped to 250. From the 1910s through the 1940s, oil played a part of the local economy and the population reached 300. In 2000, the population was 200.

</doc>
<doc id="20784435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784435" title="2005 Stella Artois Championships">
2005 Stella Artois Championships

The 2005 Stella Artois Championships was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Queen's Club in London in the United Kingdom and was part of the International Series of the 2005 ATP Tour. It was the 103rd edition of the tournament and was held from June 11 through June 17, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20784438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784438" title="Pilobolaceae">
Pilobolaceae

The Pilobolaceae are a family of fungi in the Mucorales order. Generally, species in this family have a widespread distribution, although there are some that are restricted to tropical and subtropical regions. This family includes three genera: "Pilobolus", "Pilaria", and "Utharomyces". 
Morphology.
All species produce unusual, photorophic sporangiophores. These sporangiophores give rise to dark-colored, columellate sporagia covered in calcium oxalate crystals. In "Pilobolus" and "Utharomyces", inflated structures filled with yellow cartenoid pigments give rise to the sporophores; these two genera also produce subsporangiul vesicles. Zygospores are formed on apposed, entwined suspensors, usually at or below the dung. 
Ecology.
All species grow on dung but can rarely be isolated from the soil. "Pilobolus" and "Pilaira"' are common on many types of herbivore dung, while "Utharomyces" grows on rodent dung. "Utharomyces" appears to be restricted to the tropics. 
Dispersal.
This family has specatular means of dispersal. Many species require passage through the gut of an herbivore in order for the spores to germinate. The problem is that many animals tend to avoid eating their own dung. To compensate, remarkable mechanisms of spore dispersal are used 
"Pilobolus".
In "Pilobolus", the subsporangial swelling acts as a lens to focus light on light-sensitive pigments at the base of the swelling. Turgor pressure builds inside of the swelling until it ruptures, and the sporangium is hurled for 2 meters. The calcium oxlate crystals helps it adhere to the surface it lands on, and if the surface is wet, the crystals allow the sporangium to rotate. This rotation allows the mucus surronding the spores (under the crystals) to glue it to surface where it will await ingestion by an herbivore. Interestingly, nematodes have been observed climbing the sporangiophore or swimming inside of it to catch a ride on the sporangium. While many species may do this, it seems only "Dictyocaulus vivipores", cattle lungworm, are able to survive the trip. 
"Pilaira" & "Utharomyces".
Mechanisms of dispersal are less known in these genera. In both genera,the sporangiophore, guided by light, elongates until the sporangium is brought into contact with a solid surface. In "Pilaira", contact with the surface causes a rupture at the columella, which releases the sporangium, which adheres to the new surface using a method similar to "Pilobolus". In "Utharomyces", contact with the surface ruptures the subsporangial swelling. This releases cytoplasm, which is used to glue the upper portion of the swelling containing the sporangium to the substrate. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784444" title="The Little Nyonya">
The Little Nyonya

The Little Nyonya (Chinese: 小娘惹) is a 2008 drama serial on Singapore's free-to-air MediaCorp TV Channel 8. The storyline, which circles around the biographical flashback of an extended Peranakan family in Malacca, is set in the 1930s and spans to over 70 years and several generations of three families. The series was partly sponsored by the Media Development Authority of Singapore. It debuted on November 25, 2008 and concluded its run on January 5, 2009.
Produced by MediaCorp in commemoration of the channel's 45-year anniversary (45载光芒·8方贺台庆), the series has been acclaimed by viewers and critics, and raked the highest viewership in the country in 14 years. The success of "The Little Nyonya" has led to the show being broadcast internationally. The series became the first ever Singaporean Chinese drama to be dubbed in Malay and aired on Malay-language channel Suria.
Plot.
The story spans over 70 years, from the 1930s till the present day.
Huang Juxiang is born into a large Peranakan family where her mother is a mistress. She is gentle, beautiful and a fantastic cook. Due to a serious illness when she was 9 years old, Juxiang becomes a deaf-mute. Because of her handicap, she is ostracized by people. Right before the Japanese Occupation in Singapore, she is forced to marry Charlie Zhang, a rich Peranakan, and become his concubine. Juxiang resists the marriage and runs away from home. She then meets Yamamoto Yousuke, a young Japanese photographer. After overcoming many obstacles, they finally get married and Juxiang gives birth to a daughter Yueniang. During the World War, Juxiang is injured and she and her husband die, leaving behind their 8-year-old daughter.
The orphaned Yueniang eventually walks to her grandfather's house on her own. Her grandmother rejoices for her presence. Under the supervision of her grandmother, she learns to cook Peranakan dishes and sewing. She grows up looking exactly like her mother and is exceptionally beautiful. After the war, her maternal relatives who sought refuge in England return home. Yueniang ends up leading the life of her mother – always discriminated against, beaten up, blamed and tortured. She puts up with this mistreatment to protect her grandmother.
Yueniang's beauty incurs jealousy from her cousins and attracts the attention of many rich Peranakans. However, she only has eyes for the penniless driver Niuzai, who claims that he has 10 younger brothers and sisters to look after. Chen Xi,(his real name) actually comes from an educated and wealthy family. Yueniang's kindness, purity and persistence move Chen Xi and he falls deeply in love with her. He hides his identity to be with Yueniang. Unfortunately, their relationship is filled with many obstacles and difficulties. Under pressure from his family, Chen Xi is forced to marry Yueniang's cousin, Zhenzhu, instead. Yueniang is then married to a butcher, Liu Yidao. Many things happen after this and it is revealed that the Huangs use misunderstandings and mistakes for granted and resort to off-board measures.
Yueniang is unwilling to accept the fact that she is always manipulated by others and decides to end her life. Her strong personality impresses Liu Yidao and they become sworn siblings instead. Yueniang decides to choose her own path in life. She begins learning how to run a business and, in the process, she is framed and ousted from her business. Despite the odds, she manages save her declining family business. Soon, she marries the lawyer, Paul. She has two miscarriages. So, she adopts Yuzhu's son as her own and names him Zuye. Zuye has two sons and a daughter. The daughter's name is Angela, in the present time. She has her business and sells cosmetics from overseas. However, Yueniang soon succumbs to intestinal cancer,and dies.
Development and production.
"The Little Nyonya" took a year of research and four months to film. More than 150 staff members were involved in production of the series and the cast was required to travel frequently from Singapore to Penang, Malacca and Ipoh during filming. "The Little Nyonya" was notable for having the highest production budget in the history of MediaCorp due to the elaborate period costumes. A pair of beaded shoes traversed over a cost of SGD$1200, while a dining table acquired for the set cost $15000.
Rumours indicate that the role of Xiufeng was initially offered to May Phua, who turned the offer down due to her pregnancy at the time of filming. Huang Biren was said to be a prime candidate for the role of Tian Lan, although the actress' decision not to renew her contract with MediaCorp ultimately resulted in Xiang Yun obtaining the part. It was also rumoured that Zoe Tay had expressed interest in portraying a role in the series, although there were no suitable roles for her. Andrew Seow was first choice to play Robert Zhang but he declined due to scheduling conflicts and the role went to Zzen Zhang.
The series initially received a 30-episode order, although over-runs in filming led the series to be extended to 34 episodes instead. Possibly as a result, two episodes were aired on Mondays from December 15, 2008 till the conclusion of the series.
Promotion.
Promotion for the "The Little Nyonya" lasted throughout the initial broadcast of the series as well after the series ended. Twelve members of the cast participated in "The Little Nyonya Public Event" 小娘惹户外影迷会 at Compass Point on December 27, 2008, which included an autograph session. An estimated 5000 people were present during the event. 100 posters were given out to members of the audience. The unprecedented number of appearances resulted in damage of the flooring at Compass Point. Certain tiles on the floor cracked under the pressure exerted by the crowd.
Due to the overwhelming response of the initial public event, a "Thank You Roadshow" was held at Suntec City on January 31, where fans were allowed to take photographs with the cast and then shake hands. It featured several cast members from the first event as well as Olivia Ong, who recorded the theme song of the series.
Minor roadshows were held at various locations between January and April 2009. On January 17, Jeanette Aw and Xiang Yun promoted bird nest at Tiong Bahru Plaza, while Qi Yuwu and Joanne Peh appeared at Courts Megastore along Tampines Road. Qi and Peh later appeared in character as part of the official launch for Media Fiesta at Marina Square on March 5. On April 26, Aw and Pierre Png made an appearance at the first anniversary of the Singapore Peranakan Museum shortly before leaving to attend the Star Awards.
Home media release.
The series was released by MediaCorp a 2-volume DVD boxset. The first volume, which contained the first 12 episodes of "The Little Nyonya" was released to stores on January 6, 2009. The remaining episodes were compiled in the second volume and released two weeks later. The boxset contains no special features, although it is accompanied by a booklet which provides descriptions of the major characters in the show, as well as a family tree.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
"The Little Nyonya" achieved extremely high ratings during its initial run, with an average of 993 000 viewers per episode and peaking at 1.67 million viewers on the final episode.In addition, the series achieved the highest viewership rating in Singapore in 14 years.
Viewership for "The Little Nyonya" steadily increased throughout its run. Its first episode garnered an estimated 1.098 million viewers, which equates to 20.3% of the country population. On Episode 11, the show rating increased to 23.6%. The 15th and 16th episodes, both broadcast back-to-back, was watched by 24.1% of the country's population. The rating increased by 2.2% a week later, and further increased to 27.8% by the 27th and 28th episodes. The viewership peaked at 33.8% on the final two episodes, also broadcast back-to-back.
Critical response.
"The Little Nyonya" has been critically acclaimed. However, despite being lauded as a drama that provides an insight into the unique Peranakan culture, the show has received criticism in local media over portrayals and promotion. Issues that were raised early included the castings of Pan Lingling and Cynthia Koh to portray teenage girls albeit being already in their thirties. This issue was counter-argued by being tantamount to ageism, as well as the fact that it was raised only three episodes after the show began airing. The character development of Xiufeng has come under fire due to the character's exhibitions of violence.
Criticism was also leveled at MediaCorp's bias towards Jeanette Aw. Many viewers saw "The Little Nyonya" as a television series conceived as a launching vehicle for Aw's career in television and to secure an award at the next Star Awards. Several viewers also believe that the producers intentionally wrote Aw's first role as a mute in attempt to conceal her imperfect delivery of Mandarin. In response, producers have lauded Aw's work, saying that she performed in a professional manner. Despite this, Aw's portrayal of Juxiang and Yueniang has been praised by members of the audience.
Mass publicity for "The Little Nyonya" began two months before the show premiered. also received criticism from the public. Within MediaCorp, there are also some misgivings in regards to the over-promotion this show has received. The cast of the long-running drama Love Blossoms have privately lamented that the show, which used to receive tremendous amounts of advertising support from MediaCorp, is being neglected in favour of The Little Nyonya.
As many of the Peranakan characters in the series (such as most of the Huang family, as well as Charlie Zhang and son Robert) are antagonists (Jincheng, Xiufeng and Huangyuan are part-time antagonists), many viewers think that the series will negatively stereotype Peranakans as being ruthless. In response, the show's writer, Ang Eng Tee, said that ruthlessness and petty politicking, which are basic human interactions, appears within any culture, and is not an exclusive trait of the Peranakans.
Due to the usage of dramatic license, the series also contains a significant number of historical inaccuracies, particularly in the first few episodes involving Juxiang's life and Yueniang's childhood. Notable examples include the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1932 (as opposed to 1937) and the first air raid on Singapore (8 December 1941) occurring in broad daylight (which took place at night in reality).
Accolades.
In the Channel 8 countdown party, Dai Yangtian's role of Yamamoto Yousuke was ranked as one of the Top 8 Most Likeable Male Characters of the year. Jeanette Aw's portrayal of Huang Juxiang and Yamamoto Yueniang also received similar recognition by placing in the Top 8 Most Likeable Female Characters list.
This drama was seen as an extremely strong contender in the Star Awards 2009, which would be held in April 2009. The drama smashed the five year record of Holland V of 9 nominations with 16 nominations in the acting category and swept nearly every award in the technical category at Star Awards 2009. It was also ranked the most watched drama serial of the year 2008.
Star Awards 2010.
The spin-off variety special "The Little Nyonya's Big Reunion" was nominated for the Best Variety Special Award, but lost to The Chinese Challenge Finals.
Star Awards 2011.
This drama is encored from April 27, 2010 till June 11, 2010, at 5.30pm. The promotional ad for the encore clinched the Best Promotional Ad award.
The Little Nyonya: The Final Chapter.
The scriptwriter of the series, Ang Eng Tee (also known as Hong Rongdi 洪荣狄), plotted five endings for the series, 4 of which would involve Yueniang and Chen Xi reuniting and living happily ever after.
The ending used in the series was criticised by fans to be too sad and abrupt. The response also prompted Ang to say that had he know that viewers would react as such, he would have Yueniang and Chen Xi reunite, for TV dramas are, in his words, made for viewers. In response to the criticisms, MediaCorp decided to make an alternate ending, which was aired on 11 January 2009 at 9.55pm. The ending, titled "The Little Nyonya: The Final Chapter" (小娘惹之月娘与陈锡重逢篇, literally: "The Little Nyonya: The Chapter of Yueniang and Chen Xi Reuniting), lasted for three minutes. According to producers, the script for the alternate ending was finalised on 8 January, and filming was completed on the following day.
Although it was rumoured that the ending would reunite Yueniang and Chen Xi, and have them living happily ever after, the new ending merely had Yueniang and Chen Xi tell each other why they can't be together. Yueniang and Chen Xi ended up separated, just as it was in the original ending. This drew heavy criticisms from viewers, who told local newspapers that they felt they were being cheated. In response, MediaCorp said that this was not an "alternate ending", as some have suggested. Rather, it is a special presentation to show the station's appreciation to the fans of the series.
Chinese New Year Special.
In response the tremendous support to the show, the producers filmed a one-hour special, showcasing the stars enjoying a special Nyonya's reunion dinner, "The Little Nyonya's Big Reunion" (), which was aired on day one of the Lunar New Year (26 January 2009) at 7 pm. It was hosted by Dasmond Koh and featured Yan Bingliang, Lin Meijiao, Pan Lingling, Darren Lim, Li Yinzhu, Cynthia Koh, Eelyn Kok, Andie Chen, Joanne Peh, Zzen Zhang, Dai Yangtian, Jeanette Aw, Xiang Yun, Pierre Png, Qi Yuwu, Ng Hui and Yao Wenlong. The cast talked about the filming experiences and about the unexplained fates of characters that were not mentioned in the finale. Unaired blooper clips and behind-the-scenes shots were also shown. The special also had a special re-run on February 8, 2009 (day 14 of the New Year) at 9 pm.
Sequel.
In an interview with "Lianhe Wanbao", the series' scriptwriter, Ang Eng Tee, said that if the demand exists, he will write a special presentation, or even a sequel to the series. Ideas for a possible sequel or special presentation have already been drafted by Ang, one of which would have Angela receiving a secret wooden box from Ah Tao, before Angela returns to Singapore. The box was owned by Yueniang, and Ah Tao defied her orders to burn the contents before Yueniang died. The box contained details on Yueniang and Chen Xi's relationship, in addition to a letter from Libby, telling Yueniang that Chen Xi and Libby did not get married after all. However, it was noted that production sequels have been much frowned upon by producers, and owing to the high production costs, a sequel seems to be very unlikely, but another drama in 2010 Unriddle is having a sequel to the original in 2012.
Cultural References.
"The Little Nyonya" has had notable cultural impact in Singaporean media. It was notably parodied in the variety show, "Black Rose". In the episode when the encore started its debut, Chen Hanwei played Liu Yidao (留一刀) and Dennis Chew portrayed Yamamoto Yue Niang (山本岳娘). It was also used in the skit segment of Star Search 2010 Grand Finals in which contestants played Liu Yidao, Yuzhu, Ah Tao and Robert Zhang.
"The Peranakan Ball".
On May 16, 2009, Jeanette Aw and Dai Yangtian starred in a musical called The Peranakan Ball (Chinese: 娘惹之恋). The musical is based on the story of Cinderella and it stars Jeanette Aw as Bee Tin, a Nyonya servant in a wealthy Peranakan household, and unrelated to the television series, even though the concept was clearly derived from the drama.
"The Great Servant".
While not promoted as such, and the program was produced by a different television station, many Singaporeans who watched the series Da Yahuan (Chinese: 大丫寰 "The Great Servant" in pinyin) believe it copies the main plot of The Little Nyonya. Da Yahuan was produced and broadcast by Hunan Broadcasting System in China.
"Precious".
A remake of The Little Nyonya titled Precious was filmed in 2011 from May to July. It stars Jeanette Aw as its lead actress again and Dai Yangtian as the male lead. It is a China and Singapore co-production and will debut in China at the end of the year 2011 and in 2014 on Singapore's Channel 8. The drama is expected to do much better than The Little Nyonya and Jewel In The Palace. The Story though is adapted from The Little Nyonya, it'll not be based on the Peranakan Culture but instead about the Chinese medicine with some other changes in the characters. The drama is a Blockbuster drama commemorating China and Mediacorp's 20 years of partnership.
International release history.
The drama serial was broadcast overseas, mostly in the Asian region.
In Indonesia, aired on B Channel starts July 2011.
The series was originally scheduled to air in Malaysia in mid-January, but was later delayed to February. The series was also aired by TV stations in Cambodia, Vietnam, and Mainland China.
Hong Kong broadcaster TVB purchased the rights to telecast the series in April 2009, and aired the series a year later, in late April 2010.
On 1 December 2009, Tai Seng Entertainment Channel, an ethnic Chinese entertainment channel on DirecTV, became the first non-Asian station to air The Little Nyonya. It is also the first station to air the series with Cantonese dubbing.
The series was promoted at the MIPTV Television Trade Show in Cannes, France during the end of March, 2009. Qi Yuwu and Jeannette Aw were also in Cannes to promote the series at MIPTV.

</doc>
<doc id="20784469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784469" title="William Barley">
William Barley

William Barley (1565?–1614) was an English bookseller and publisher. He completed an apprenticeship as a draper in 1587, but was soon working in the London book trade. As a freeman of the Drapers' Company, he was embroiled in a dispute between it and the Stationers' Company over the rights of drapers to function as publishers and booksellers. He found himself in legal tangles throughout his life.
Barley's role in Elizabethan music publishing has proved to be a contentious issue among scholars. The assessments of him range from "a man of energy, determination, and ambition", to "somewhat remarkable", to "surely to some extent a rather nefarious figure". His contemporaries harshly criticized the quality of two of the first works of music that he published, but he was also influential in his field. After becoming the assignee of the composer and publisher Thomas Morley, Barley published Anthony Holborne's "Pavans, Galliards, Almains" (1599), the first work of music for instruments rather than voices to be printed in England. His partnership with Morley enabled him to claim a right to the music publishing patent that Morley held prior to his death in 1602. Some publishers ignored his claim, however, and many music books printed during his later life gave him no recognition.
Drapers' Company.
In a deposition of 1598, Barley refers to his age as "xxxiii yeeres or thereabowt", placing his date of birth around 1565. Evidence suggests that Barley may have been born in Warwickshire. Little else is known about his early life. Barley was in London by 1587, having completed an apprenticeship with the Drapers' Company in that year. He trained as a bookseller under Yarath James, a small-time publisher. James operated out of a shop in Newgate Market, near Christ Church Gate, in the 1580s. His interest in ballads was shared by Barley, who published a number of them during his lifetime. By 1592, Barley had opened his own shop in the parish of St Peter upon Cornhill, whose register recorded his marriage to a Mary Harper on 15 June 1603 and christenings and burials of people associated with his family. He conducted business out of this shop for the next twenty years.
Barley is probably the same William Barley who opened a branch office in Oxford. This action brought him into conflict with the authorities. Barley most likely relied on his assistant, William Davis, to run the Oxford shop while he maintained the business at St Peter upon Cornhill. Davis was arrested in 1599 because Barley had failed to register as a bookseller with Oxford University. The two redeemed themselves though, and in 1603, Barley and Davis were admitted as "privileged persons" of Oxford University. Privileged status at Oxford allowed tradesmen to practice their trade free from the jurisdiction of the town's authorities.
Barley ran afoul of London authorities as well. In September 1591, a warrant was issued for his arrest, although the charge is unknown. Barley also found himself in the midst of a longstanding feud between the Drapers' Company and the Stationers' Company. At the time, the latter held a monopoly over the publishing industry; the Drapers' Company wanted its members to be able to function as publishers and booksellers as well, insisting that it was the "custom of the City" to grant its freemen the right to engage in the book trade.
From 1591 to 1604, Barley was associated with at least 57 works. The exact nature of his involvement is, at times, hard to identify. Some works were printed "for" him, others were "to be sold by" him, and two state that they were printed "by" him. He partnered with notable printers and publishers during this period, including Thomas Creede, Abel Jeffes, and John Danter. With Creede, Barley was involved in the publication of "A Looking Glass for London and England" (1594) and "The True Tragedy of Richard III" (1594). During this period, Barley entered none of these works in the Stationers' Register (by entering a title into the register, a publisher recorded their rights to the work). This is probably due to the Stationers' feud with the Drapers'; the Stationers' viewed the ability of non-members to enter works into the register as a special privilege. Thus, Barley relied on others, such as Creede, Jeffes, and Danter, to enter these titles. Whether Barley merely acted as a bookseller for the enterers or, in private agreements with them, actually retained the rights to some of the works remains unclear.
In 1595, the Stationers' Company fined Barley 40 shillings for illicitly publishing a number of works. Three years later, the organization sued him and a fellow draper, Simon Stafford, for allegedly publishing privileged books. A raid on Barley's former premises found 4,000 copies of the "Accidence", a Latin grammar book protected by monopoly. Despite pleading his innocence in court, Barley, along with Stafford, Edward Venge, and Thomas Pavier (who was Barley's apprentice), was found guilty and sentenced to prison. The lawsuit affirmed the Stationers' Company's control over the Elizabethan book trade. Stafford, Pavier, and other draper-booksellers joined the company within a few years so that they could continue their trade. Curiously, Barley did not join them until 1606. The reasons for the delay are debated among scholars. Bibliographer J. A. Lavin suggests that the Stationers' Company rejected Barley because he had no experience in the printing business. Gerald D. Johnson believes that his partnership with Thomas Morley, who held a royal patent on music publishing, allowed him to circumvent any legal obstacles. The Stationers' Company could not interfere with the publication of works under royal grant.
Music publishing.
In Elizabethan England, music printing was regulated by two royal patents issued by the queen: one for metrical psalters (psalms set to music) and one for all other types of music and music paper. The patent-holders thus held a monopoly—only they or their assignees could legally print music. After printer John Day's death in 1584, the patent for metrical psalters transferred to his son Richard Day and was administered by his assignees, who were members of the Stationers' Company. The more general one was awarded to composers Thomas Tallis and William Byrd in January 1575. Despite the monopoly, Tallis and Byrd were not successful in their printing endeavors; their 1575 collection of Latin motets called "Cantiones quae ab argumento sacrae vocantur" failed to sell and was a financial disaster. After Tallis died in 1585, Byrd continued holding the patent, producing works with his assignee, Thomas East. The monopoly expired in 1596, prompting prospective music publishers such as Barley to take advantage of the resulting power vacuum.
In 1596, despite not having access to a proper music fount, Barley (using the services of Danter and his wood blocks) published "The Pathway to Music", a music theory book, and "A New Booke of Tabliture", a tutor for the lute and related instruments that included compositions by John Dowland, Philip Rosseter, and Anthony Holborne. Both featured numerous errors, and for the latter, Barley seems not to have gained prior publishing approval from the composers. Dowland disowned "A New Booke of Tabliture", calling his lute lessons "falce and unperfect", while Holborne complained of "corrupt coppies" of his work being presented by a "meere stranger". Modern musicologists have labelled the publication "exasperating" and "seedy". Morley criticized "The Pathway to Music", stating that the author should be "ashamed of his labour", and that "ix est in toto pagina sano libro" ("there is scarcely a page that makes sense in the whole book"). Despite their flaws, both works seem to have been instrumental in introducing music tutor books to the London market.
Two years later, Morley was awarded the same printing monopoly that Byrd had held. Morley's pick of Barley as an assignee (rather than experienced printers such as East or Peter Short, both of whom had previously worked with Morley) is surprising. Morley may have been looking for help in challenging the metrical psalter patent of Richard Day and his assignees. At that time, East and Short were stationers, and the Stationers' Company was actively enforcing the Day monopoly. Barley, however, was not a stationer, and in 1599 he and Morley published "The Whole Booke of Psalmes" and Richard Allison's "Psalmes of David in Metre". The former was a small pocket edition that was largely based on East's 1592 publication of the same name. This work, although pirated and filled with small errors, provides some evidence of Barley's editorial skill; musicologist Robert Illing notes that if Barley "is to be discredited for roguery, he must also be applauded for his strokes of musical imagination" for successfully compressing such a large work into a pocket-sized production. In Allison's work, the two claimed that they had exclusive rights on the metrical psalter. Duly provoked, Day sued. The outcome of his lawsuit is not known, but neither Barley nor Morley ever published another metrical psalter.
Under Morley, Barley published eight books. The covers of each indicated that they were "printed by" Barley, but examination of the typography reveals this to be unlikely. At least two of the works contain designs that seem to belong to a device used by London printer Henry Ballard. Significant among these eight works is Holborne's "Pavans, Galliards, Almains" (1599), the first work of music for instruments rather than voices to be printed in England, and the first edition of Morley's influential "The First Booke of Consort Lessons" (1599).
Stationers' Company.
Barley's relationship with Morley was short-lived. By 1600, Morley had turned to East as his assignee, authorizing him to print under his name for three years. Two years later, Morley died, and his music patent fell into abeyance. Unable to rely on the protections and privileges of Morley's monopoly, Barley most likely came under increasing pressure from the Stationers' Company. His financial circumstances also deteriorated after he was the target of a successful lawsuit by a cook named George Goodale, who was seeking payment of a debt of 80 pounds. As a result of the suit, many of Barley's goods were seized, including various books and reams of paper. Barley greatly reduced his output from 1601 to 1605, publishing only six works.
Barley evidently decided that it was futile to continue resisting the Stationers' Company, and on 15 May 1605, he successfully petitioned the Drapers' Company for a transfer to the Stationers' Company. On 25 June 1606, the Stationers' Company admitted him as a member. That same day, the Company's court, which had the authority to resolve disputes between members, negotiated a settlement in a lawsuit Barley had brought against East concerning the copyrights on certain music books. East claimed that since he had lawfully entered the books into the Company's register, the rights of the works belonged to him. Barley disagreed, claiming that the works were his through his partnership with Morley, who had held the royal music patent. The court's compromise settlement recognized the rights of both, stipulating that if East were to print an edition of any of the books in question, he was to acknowledge Barley's name on the imprint, pay Barley 20 shillings, and supply him with six free copies. On the other hand, Barley could not publish any of the books without the consent of East or his wife.
Despite the settlement recognizing his claim to Morley's music patent, Barley seemingly found it difficult to enforce his rights, even with his new role as a stationer. Less than half of the known music books published from 1606 to 1613 recognized Barley's rights on the imprint. Barley took Thomas Adams to the Stationers' court in 1609, challenging the copyrights of the music books Adams had published. The court handed down a settlement similar to the one between East and Barley. However, none of the music books Adams published afterward contained any recognition of Barley's patent.
Barley himself published four books under his patent. In March 1612, one of Barley's servants died, possibly from plague. After receiving charitable remuneration from the Stationers' Company, Barley moved, first to the parish of St Katherine Cree, and later to a house on Bishopsgate. Records from St Botolph-without-Bishopsgate indicate his burial on 11 July 1614. His widow, Mary, and their son, William, were legatees of the will of Pavier. Mary Barley, who later remarried, transferred five of her husband's patents to printer John Beale. Some of Barley's remaining copyrights may have also been passed to the printer Thomas Snodham.

</doc>
<doc id="20784470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784470" title="Kelly Hoppen">
Kelly Hoppen

Kelly Elaine Hoppen MBE (born July 1959) is a British interior designer, author and proprietor of Kelly Hoppen Interiors. Since 2013, she has been a "Dragon" on the BBC Two show "Dragons' Den".
Career.
Hoppen was born into an Irish-Jewish background. She began her career at the age of 16 when she was given the opportunity to design a family friend’s kitchen. She has designed for a number of celebrities including David and Victoria Beckham and Martin Shaw, who was one of her first clients. She has designed on the homes, yachts and jets of private clients, as well as commercial projects in several countries, including hotels, restaurants, offices and aircraft. Some of her most recent projects include a collaboration with Pearl Motor Yachts and the design of a LUX* Belle Mare hotel resort in Mauritius.
Hoppen is the author of eight design books to date. She became famous on the back of her 1997 book. Her most recent book is "Kelly Hoppen Design Masterclass - How to Achieve the Home of your Dreams", which was published in November 2013. 
Hoppen uses a neutral colour palette such as taupe and beige. Of her design philosophy she has said, "My philosophy has always remained the same, it's about creating calm balanced environments based on Eastern cultures, ie order and creation of harmony. How people feel in a space is as important as the way it looks, one can't be without the other to succeed."
In January 2014 she launched her first e-commerce store: www.kellyhoppen.com with a self-designed interiors accessories range. 
Hoppen has also partnered with a select number of licensees to offer a range of other home products including fabrics, shutters, paints, scents, furniture, wallpaper, taps, prints and products on QVC UK.
Television.
In 2011, she presented her own show on Channel 5 called "Superior Interiors".
On 19 February 2013, Hoppen was announced as one of the new dragons on BBC Two's programme "Dragons' Den" following the departure of Hilary Devey. She has appeared on the show since the eleventh series, her first being on 11 August 2013.
Awards.
In 1996, she was awarded the Andrew Martin Interior Design Award by Andrew Martin International. She has subsequently won a number of other awards including European Woman Of Achievement in 2007, ELLE Decoration Award and Grazia Designer of the Year. In March 2009, she was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours. The award was given for services to Interior Design. She is an ambassador for the Prince's Trust, the Government’s GREAT campaign and now works with UK Trade & Investment and other parts the government, as an adviser and mentor to small businesses. In December 2013 she was awarded the Natwest Everywoman Ambassador award for inspiring more young women to excel. 
Personal life.
Hoppen was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. She moved, with her family, to London when she was two but returned to South Africa every year for Christmas. She struggled in life because of her dyslexia. Her father worked in the fashion industry and her mother has a gallery in London exhibiting artists and photographers from around the world. Her older brother Michael Hoppen owns the Michael Hoppen Gallery.
Hoppen's daughter, Natasha Corrett, is the author of healthy eating book "Honestly Healthy: Eat with your body in mind, the alkaline way". Hoppen is also step-mother to actress Sienna Miller and fashion designer Savannah Miller. In an episode of Dragons' Den she claimed to be bullied at school.
"News of the World" legal action.
Hoppen lodged a claim against the "News of the World" and one of its reporters, Dan Evans, for "accessing or attempting to access her voicemail messages between June 2009 and March 2010". Hoppen's case was one of five test cases concerning the hacking of the mobile phones of public figures by the paper due to be brought before the High Court early in 2012. In October 2011, she accepted £60,000 in damages from News International in relation to phone hacking in 05/06. No acceptance of liability was made in relation to the allegations against Evans in respect of 09. Since settlement her test case has been replaced by that of footballer Ashley Cole.

</doc>
<doc id="20784472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784472" title="Sahra Hausmann">
Sahra Hausmann

Hausmann made her debut on the national team in 1993. She scored more than 150 goals for the national team during her career.

</doc>
<doc id="20784482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784482" title="Canada men's national under-19 floorball team">
Canada men's national under-19 floorball team

The Canada men's under-19 national floorball team is the men's under-19 national floorball team of Canada, and a member of the International Floorball Federation. Canada's under-19 men's team is currently ranked 13th in the world at floorball, and plays in the B-Division at the World Floorball Championships.
The Canadian National Team is organized by Floorball Canada. The team made its international floorball debut against Germany on May 6, 2009 in Raisio, Finland. The match was part of the 2009 Men's under-19 World Floorball Championships, and ended with a 5:5 draw.
World Championships Team.
Players.
"As of May 6, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="20784491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784491" title="Paris Gemouchidis">
Paris Gemouchidis

Paris Gemouchidis (born 12 February 1988) is a Greek tennis player. 
Gemouchidis's career high singles rank is World No. 582, which he achieved on July 11, 2011. As of May 27, 2013, on the Futures singles level, he has 7 quarterfinal finishes, 2 semifinal finishes, and 3 runner-ups. He has been much more successful in doubles, where he has 15 semifinal finishes, 12 runner-ups and 8 titles. His 8 titles came in May 2008 in Heraklion, Crete, Greece, in July 2011 in Pitesti, Romania and Izmir, Turkey, in June 2012 in Tekirdag, Turkey, with Alex Jakupovic of Greece, in June 2012 in Viterbo, Italy, and July 2012 in Bucharest and Pitesti, Romania, with Theodoros Angelinos of Greece, and in June 2010 in Cologne, Germany with Hans Podlipnik-Castillo of Chile. His career high doubles rank is World No. 384, which he achieved on August 29, 2011.
Gemouchidis had more success on the junior tour, where his career high rank was World No. 23, achieved on May 22, 2006. 
He is currently the only person in the history of tennis to start from the qualifying rounds of the prestigious Orange Bowl to reach the final. 
Gemouchidis participated in the main draw of all Junior Grand Slams, twice (2005-2006),in Australian Open 
and once (2006), in Roland Garros, Wimbledon and US Open. He has also had success in numerous other junior tournaments. 
Davis Cup
Gemouchidis is a member of the Greece Davis Cup team, having posted a 2-7 record in singles and a 1–2 record in doubles in eight ties played.

</doc>
<doc id="20784503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784503" title="Alfred Blomfield">
Alfred Blomfield

The Right Reverend Alfred BlomfieldDD (1833–1894) was an eminent Anglican Bishop in the last decades of the 19th century.
Alfred was the son of the Right Reverend Charles James Blomfield and brother of the architect Sir Arthur Blomfield. He was educated at Harrow and Balliol before being awarded a Fellowship at All Souls. From 1857 he was a Curate at Kidderminster, then its Vicar. After this he held further incumbencies in Stepney and Barking, was Archdeacon of Essex (1878–1882) before a 12-year spell as Bishop of Colchester and Archdeacon of Colchester from 1882 until 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="20784507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784507" title="New Jersey elections, 2009">
New Jersey elections, 2009

The following offices were up for election in the United States State of New Jersey in the general election on November 3, 2009:
Persons 18 years or older on the general election date (born on or before November 3, 1991) were eligible to register and vote in the general election.
Governor.
Democratic Governor Jon Corzine was running for a second term and was being challenged by Republican Chris Christie, Independent Christopher Daggett, and nine others (not including write-in candidates). Christie won the election with about 49 percent of the vote, to 45 percent for Corzine and 6 percent for Daggett. Christie is expected to assume office on January 20, 2010.
This was the first election to fill the newly created office of lieutenant governor. The candidates for governor and lieutenant governor were joined together as a single choice, so that voters did not have the opportunity to split the ticket. Kim Guadagno, Christie's running mate, will be New Jersey's first lieutenant governor.
General Election Candidates.
Major candidates.
The following three candidates all qualified to appear, and did appear, in the debates.
Other candidates.
Nine other candidates qualified to appear on the ballot as independents or third-party nominees but did not raise enough money to qualify for the debates. These include Libertarian Kenneth Kaplan, the Socialist Party USA's Greg Pason, and the following independents: Jason Cullen, Joshua Leinsdorf, Alvin Lindsay, David R. Meiswinkle, Kostas Petris, Gary T. Steele and Gary Stein. At least five others, including popular New Jersey comedian Uncle Floyd, announced that they would run write-in campaigns.
Primary Election Candidates.
The following candidates were defeated by Jon Corzine in the Democratic primary:
The following candidates were defeated by Chris Christie in the Republican primary:
The following Republican Primary candidates were removed from the ballot:
Republican primary.
Former U.S. Attorney Christopher J. Christie had long been considered the front-runner for the Republican nomination. He was heavily favored by the party establishment and had won the endorsement and county line of all county GOP organizations.
Christie's chief opponent in the primary was former Bogota mayor Steve Lonegan, known for his very right-wing positions and vocal opposition to the Corzine administration; another staunch conservative, General Assemblyman Rick Merkt was also on the ballot.
David Brown, Christian Keller, and Franklin Township mayor Brian D. Levine also filed to run in the Republican primary, but their petitions were challenged by Lonegan and they were disqualified from the ballot when administrative judges ruled that their nominating petitions failed to meet the threshold of 1,000 valid signatures.
Upon leaving the race, Brown and Levine endorsed Christie.
Christie and Lonegan attacked each other relentlessly throughout the primary campaign through mailers and robocalls, with each seeking to undermine the other by drawing the public's attention to scandals involving the other. Lonegan proposed ending the state's progressive income tax system and replacing it with a 2.9% flat tax for all New Jerseyans. Christie strongly opposed this proposal, arguing that Lonegan's proposal would amount to a tax increase for most New Jerseyans. Christie instead proposed cutting taxes "across the board," although he refused to say by how much. There were two televised debates, which excluded Merkt, and two radio debates, which included him. Ultimately, Christie was able to win the primary with 55% of the vote to Lonegan's 42% and Merkt's 3%.
Democratic primary.
Although polls indicated his vulnerability in the general election, Governor Jon S. Corzine was heavily favored to win the Democratic primary over his three little-known challengers. The only one of those to have held elected office, former Glen Ridge mayor Carl Bergmanson, was running on a platform of fiscal discipline, social liberalism, and government reform; he had received the support of the Citizens Against Tolls website. In the primary, Corzine won renomination with 77% of the vote, while Bergmanson, his closest competitor, received about 9%.
General election.
Since the primaries, polls have consistently showed Christie leading Corzine, sometimes by double-digits. The election became a three-way race on July 7, when independent candidate Christopher Daggett announced that he had raised enough money to qualify for public funds and to qualify for participation in the debates. On July 20, Christie selected Kim Guadagno as his running mate. On July 24, Corzine announced in an e-mail to his supporters that he had selected Loretta Weinberg as his running mate. On July 27, Daggett announced that he had selected longtime Kean University professor and administrator Frank J. Esposito as his running mate.
Although the economy and taxes have long been prominent issues in the campaign, the issue of ethics and anti-corruption efforts was thrust into the spotlight in July when several public officials were arrested on corruption charges in Operation Bid Rig.
One of Corzine's main lines of attack has involved Christie's ties to the unpopular former President of the United States George W. Bush, who appointed Christie to the U.S. Attorney's office in 2001. In August 2009, Bush political strategist Karl Rove revealed that he had held conversations with Christie about a potential gubernatorial run during Christie's time as U.S. Attorney. U.S. Attorneys are prohibited from engaging in partisan political activities by the Hatch Act of 1939. Corzine quickly incorporated this into his advertisements targeting Christie.
Lieutenant governor.
On November 8, 2005, voters passed an Constitutional amendment to the New Jersey State Constitution which created the office of Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey, the first of whom is to be elected in the 2009 general election and to take office in January 2010. Until the creation of the office, governors who died in office or stepped down were succeeded by the President of the New Jersey Senate. This has happened twice in recent years, with the resignations of Christine Todd Whitman in 2001 and James McGreevey in 2004. Concerns over separation of powers (Acting Governors continued to serve concurrently in the Senate) and the fact that Acting Governors were not elected by the people to succeed the Governor led to the Constitutional amendment that created the new office. All 12 candidates for governor appearing on the ballot selected their running mates by the June 27, 2009 deadline.
Chris Christie, the Republican nominee for governor, selected Monmouth Beach's Kim Guadagno, the sheriff of Monmouth County, as his running mate. Others mentioned for the post had included New Jersey Senators Diane Allen and Jennifer Beck, as well as Bergen County Clerk Kathleen Donovan.
Incumbent Governor Jon Corzine, the Democratic nominee, selected Teaneck's Loretta Weinberg, a New Jersey Senator and former New Jersey General Assemblywoman, as his running mate. Other mentioned for the post had included New Jersey Senator Barbara Buono, New Jersey General Assemblywoman Bonnie Watson Coleman, and wealthy businessman Randal Pinkett.
Chris Daggett, an independent candidate who has qualified for matching funds, selected Ocean Township's Frank J. Esposito, a longtime professor and administrator at Kean University who served as an advisor to the Commissioner of Education in the Thomas Kean, Sr. administration, as his running mate. Others mentioned for the post had included Edison Mayor Jun Choi, Atlantic County freeholder Alisa Cooper, and Passaic County freeholder James Gallagher.
Legislature.
Regularly scheduled elections.
All 80 seats in the lower house of the legislature, the General Assembly, are up for election. Voters in each of New Jersey's 40 legislative districts will elect two General Assemblymen. Two sitting General Assemblymen, Democrat L. Harvey Smith of the 31st Legislative District and Republican Daniel Van Pelt of the 9th Legislative District, were arrested on corruption charges on July 23, 2009. Van Pelt, who was arrested for accepting a $10,000 bribe, resigned from the Assembly and withdrew from his re-election bid on July 31. Smith is under pressure from the Democratic Party to resign, but he has not done so; he is not seeking re-election. It is unclear whether the scandal resulting from the arrests in Operation Bid Rig will affect the legislative elections in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20784518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784518" title="Journal of Pediatric Endocrinology and Metabolism">
Journal of Pediatric Endocrinology and Metabolism

The Journal of Pediatric Endocrinology and Metabolism is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering pediatric endocrinology and published by Walter de Gruyter. The editor-in-chief is Zvi Zadik (Hebrew University of Jerusalem).

</doc>
<doc id="20784538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784538" title="Simple Update Protocol">
Simple Update Protocol

Simple Update Protocol, or SUP, is a protocol developed by FriendFeed to simplify and speed up RSS and Atom. A number of websites have started to provide support for SUP, meaning that updates from their services appear in FriendFeed within seconds. These sites include YouTube, Disqus, Brightkite, Identi.ca, reddit.

</doc>
<doc id="20784544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784544" title="Junior Wren">
Junior Wren

Lowe "Junior" Wren (December 10, 1929October 8, 2003) was a professional American football defensive back in the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL). He played for the NFL's Cleveland Browns (1956–1959) and Pittsburgh Steelers (1960) and the AFL's New York Titans (1961).

</doc>
<doc id="20784552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784552" title="Be OK (Chrisette Michele song)">
Be OK (Chrisette Michele song)

Be OK is the Grammy winning third single from soul-R&B singer-songwriter Chrisette Michele's debut album, "I Am" released digitally on December 11, 2007. The song features hip hop singer will.i.am of the Black Eyed Peas and won the Grammy for Best Urban/Alternative Performance.
Background.
"Be OK" is an up-tempo soul-contemporary R&B song with influences of hip-hop. The song is about a break-up with a boyfriend and how trying to let go is not easy. It features pop-rap singer will.i.am of The Black Eyed Peas.
Reception.
The song received positive reviews. The AV Club says that on "Be OK" and "Let's Rock," Michele plays the upbeat B-girl over Will.I.Am's anthemic boom-bap. AllHipHop has this to say about Be OK:
I Am is the antithesis to any of the albums currently playing on iPods across the land, particularly those drenched in love-scorned tracks and painful riffs. This is a hopeful compilation of songs. Even when Chrisette seems to show the slightest trace of falling apart, it’s still encouraging. Take the Will.I.Am collaborated “Be OK,” where she claims that she doesn’t need to cry when leaving her man.
Music Video.
At the beginning of the music video, Michele is quarrelling with her boyfriend and tells him to leave and continues in to her car driving off to the mall. She is at the mall with her friends shopping and seems distraught about her breakup. In the video, she is also singing in a black blue silk dress away from the scenery. Will.i.am doesn't make an appearance in this video but instead was replaced another verse by Chrisette Michele. Persia White makes a guest appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20784558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784558" title="Más Grande Que Tú">
Más Grande Que Tú

Más Grande Que Tú is the debut album by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Miguelito.

</doc>
<doc id="20784574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784574" title="Peacock goat">
Peacock goat

The Peacock (German: "Pfauenziege") goat breed from the cantons of Graubünden and Upper Tessin in Switzerland is used for the production of milk. There is little known about the origin of the peacock goat. The discovery of the peacock goat was in 1887. The name given to it after the discovery was the striped goat, but due to a reporter's spelling error, the goat was known as the peacock goat. The peacock goat also goes by the names of the gray-black goat, the gray-black-white mountain goat, and razza naz. The peacock goat is predominantly white with black boots, while the rear half is mostly black. The goat has a thick mid-length coat of hair. It has large horns, and dark facial spots/stripes from the base of the horn, over the eye, and to the nose which gave the breed their original name, the striped goat.

</doc>
<doc id="20784583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784583" title="Wolf Lake, Illinois">
Wolf Lake, Illinois

Wolf Lake is an unincorporated community in Union County, Illinois, United States. The community is located on Illinois Route 3 and is about east of the Mississippi River. The nearest incorporated city to Wolf Lake is Jonesboro, which is about southeast.
On top of part of the bluff that overlooks Wolf Lake is a federally designated wilderness area, Clear Springs Wilderness. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784585" title="Jon Staggers">
Jon Staggers

Jonathan Leroy Staggers, Jr. (born December 14, 1948 in Richmond, Virginia) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League. Star football player for Helias High School in Jefferson City, Missouri. He played six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Green Bay Packers, and the Detroit Lions. He is the first cousin of tennis great Arthur Ashe. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784596" title="Minions, Cornwall">
Minions, Cornwall

Minions () is a village in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated on the eastern flank of Bodmin Moor northwest of Caradon Hill approximately four miles (6 km) north of Liskeard. Minions is first recorded in 1613 and its meaning is unknown. 
A stone circle known as the Hurlers is located on the west side of the village. Several other tumuli are also in the area, including Rillaton round barrow, where a Bronze Age gold beaker was discovered. The Cheesewring, a distinctive rock formation, is a mile northwest.
Geography.
Minions is in the former Caradon administrative district and in the parish of Linkinhorne. At it is said to be the highest village in Cornwall.
The village is dominated by Caradon Hill, standing at high, on which there is a TV transmission mast on the summit. As a result, there is a road leading up to the summit from Minions. On the western flank of the hill, a quarry recently started up again, cutting granite boulders.
As well as this working quarry, there is many other disused quarries and mine buildings in the area due to the villages mining heratige. Unlike in the west of Cornwall, there is no plans to reopen the tin and copper mines in the area.
Climate.
The climate of Minions is Oceanic but, like the rest of Bodmin Moor, due to its higher altitude, it is often cooler, windier and wetter. However there is a good balance of fair days too, which can get warm in the summer. In winter frosts are common and even though it snows most years, it is never prolonged or severe.
Winter:6c/1c
Spring:14c/6c
Summer:20c/12c
Autumn:12c/3c
Rainy days:173
Snowfalls:2-4
Community facilities.
The village has two main car parks, located on the western and eastern edges on the village. There are two tearooms, a pub with B&B, and a general store which also holds a post office, one of the tearooms and a B&B. A museum dedicated to the mining history of the local area is located to the north of the village in a disused engine house.

</doc>
<doc id="20784602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784602" title="Gordon Smith (American football)">
Gordon Smith (American football)

Gordon Chilton Smith (born April 9, 1939 in Douglas, Arizona) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for five seasons for the Minnesota Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="20784615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784615" title="List of football stadiums in Belgium">
List of football stadiums in Belgium

The following is a list of football stadiums in Belgium, ranked in descending order of capacity. This list includes the largest 46 football stadiums in Belgium, in terms of capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="20784620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784620" title="Tamshiyacu">
Tamshiyacu

Tamshiyacu (in Quichua, Tamshi = rope; Yacu = water) is the name of a town in the Fernando Lores District which is located in Iquitos - northeastern Peru.
Town of Tamshiyacu.
Tamshiyacu City has a population of about 8,000. On the banks of the Amazon River about 30 km upstream from the city of Iquitos (about an hour by speedboat).
The population of Tamshiyacu is dedicated to agriculture and fisheries.
This also is a land of humari, pineapple, cassava, banana, etc.
In the Peruvian Amazon one can find a variety of medicinal plants and trees.
between plants is the sacred plant Ayahuasca is a traditional medicine in the Peruvian jungle, prepared by the shamans of the jungle.
Today many tourists come to Tamshiyacu to participate in ayahuasca ceremonies. Some believe that ayahuasca has healing properties. They also come to the jungle to cure many chronic diseases as these lands host healers and shamans. People also come to enjoy the beauty of the world's largest river and the charm of the Peruvian jungle.

</doc>
<doc id="20784625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784625" title="Loats Female Orphan Asylum of Frederick City">
Loats Female Orphan Asylum of Frederick City

Loats Female Orphan Asylum of Frederick City is a historic home and former orphanage building located at Frederick, Frederick County, Maryland. It is an imposing -story Federal Flemish bond brick mansion with a sloping gable roof. The small addition on the east end of the house served as an office for the original owner, John Baltzell, M.D. (1774–1854). The house's third owner, John Loats, established in his will of 1879, the Loats Female Orphan Asylum of Frederick City. It currently serves as headquarters to the Historical Society of Frederick County.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20784627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784627" title="Philippine goat">
Philippine goat

The Philippine goat breed from the Philippines is used for the production of meat.

</doc>
<doc id="20784631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784631" title="Porcupine Abyssal Plain">
Porcupine Abyssal Plain

The Porcupine Abyssal Plain (PAP), located in international waters, is adjacent to the Irish continental margin. The PAP lies beyond the Porcupine Bank's deepest point and is southwest of it. It has a muddy seabed, with scattered abyssal hills that covers an area approximately half the size of Europe's landmass. Its depth ranges from to .
Characteristics.
The Porcupine Abyssal Plain is a vast, relatively level stretch of seabed with a depth range of . It has a muddy floor in the abyssopelagic zone and scattered rocky abyssal hills that rise into the bathypelagic zone forming seamounts and knolls. The water at this depth is relatively stable and moving slowly towards the south and southeast. There is a downward flow of organic detritus derived from primary production in the upper layers of ocean that settles on the sea floor.
Fauna.
A large number of marine invertebrates inhabit the abyssal plain. About 90% by number and biomass of the macrobenthos are sea cucumbers and some of the commonest species are "Oneirophanta mutabilis", "Pseudostichopus villosus" and "Psychropotes longicauda". These animals are increasing in number as more phytodetritus falls to the seabed. Each species is found to feed on a slightly different portion. Another sea cucumber, "Amperima rosea", saw a great leap in its abundance in the years 1995 and 1996, increasing from two or three individuals per hectare to more than six thousand. Before 1995 it took about two and a half years for the sea cucumbers to churn up the surface layers of the sediment but since 1996 this process takes only about six weeks. The ecosystem is profoundly changed by the reworking and consequent aeration of the seabed surface layers. The starfish "Psilaster andromeda" which feeds mainly on molluscs is present on the abyssal plain. The detritivore starfish "Hyphalaster inermis" and "Styracaster chuni", both of which feed by ingesting mud, are also common. There are a number of species of sea anemone present, also sea spiders, tunicates and dumbo octopuses "Grimpoteuthis" spp.
Porcupine Abyssal Plain Observatory.
The Porcupine Abyssal Plain Observatory is a multidisciplinary moored observatory set up over twenty years ago at 49° N and 16° 30' W. It is coordinated by the National Oceanography Centre and provides important time-series datasets which can be used for monitoring and analysing the effects of climate change on the deep Atlantic Ocean and its ecosystems. Since 2002, a full-depth mooring has been established. This has autonomous sensors to measure ocean temperature, salinity, chlorophyll fluorescence, carbon dioxide and nitrate. A collaboration was set up in 2010 between the Natural Environment Research Council and the United Kingdom Met Office which has resulted in simultaneous monitoring of the ocean and atmosphere being made at the site. The datasets are open access and available in near real time. They are uploaded to MyOcean and other websites daily for use in modelling activities. The datasets can be combined to show short-term variations on a daily or seasonal basis and longer term trends. The consequences of storms and other events can also be monitored.

</doc>
<doc id="20784636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784636" title="Tom Urbani">
Tom Urbani

Thomas James Urbani (born January 21, 1968 in Santa Cruz, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1993 to 1996, and played the rest of the 1996 season with the Detroit Tigers after being traded.
In 1999 Urbani ended his career, pitching for the Italian baseball team of the Rimini Pirates as an Italian-American (oriundo) player.
He led the team to a 7 games Championship Series win against Nettuno : in that season Urbani threw the fifth perfect game in the history of the Italian baseball (against the San Marino team), and the only one in the 40 years history of the Rimini team. In that summer (1999), Urbani played as a starting pitcher for the Italian national team in the pre-Olympic European tournament, beating France on a two hit, 14 strike out effort.

</doc>
<doc id="20784640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784640" title="Kurt Petersen">
Kurt Petersen

Kurt David Petersen (born June 17, 1957 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former professional American football player who played guard eight seasons for the Dallas Cowboys. He played college football for the University of Missouri.
Early years.
Petersen attended Lutheran High School North in St. Louis, Missouri. He accepted a scholarship from the University of Missouri where he was a two year starter at defensive end, before being moved to defensive tackle as a senior, when he was also selected as a team co-captain.
Professional career.
Petersen was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the fourth round of the 1980 NFL Draft. As a rookie the offense needed help and like defensive players Blaine Nye and Pat Donovan before him, he was switched to the offensive line.
In 1981 he was named the starting right guard, after Robert Shaw went down with a career ending knee injury that required previous starter Tom Rafferty to play center. Although he was still developing as an offensive guard, he received second-team All-Pro honors in 1982.
On August 19, 1986, he was placed on the injured reserve list after suffering a serious left knee injury that would eventually forced him into early retirement. He was again placed on the injured reserve list on September 1, 1987, for a second year in a row with the same injury.
After not being able to fully recover, he retired on February 2, 1988.
Personal life.
Petersen currently works as a Financial Advisor.

</doc>
<doc id="20784644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784644" title="John Hughes (footballer born 1942)">
John Hughes (footballer born 1942)

John Hughes (born 18 February 1942, Prestatyn) is a former Welsh footballer who played for Chester in The Football League.
Hughes joined Chester from Rhyl in the summer of 1962 and was one of nine new signings in the side for Chester's opening game of 1962–63 at Gillingham. He again wore the number nine shirt in their second game of the season at Darlington, but did not play for the club again.

</doc>
<doc id="20784659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784659" title="Larron Jackson">
Larron Jackson

Larron Deonne Jackson (born August 26, 1949 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former professional American football guard in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the Denver Broncos and the Atlanta Falcons.

</doc>
<doc id="20784662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784662" title="Haider Zaman Khan">
Haider Zaman Khan

Baba Haider Zaman is a political personality of Hazara,KP,Pakistan.He got fame after launching a protest compaign against changing the name of Sarhad Province.In 2010,the whole political leadership of Hazara Division was united under his guidance and a demand of separate province Suba Hazara was strengthened by a division-wide prostest.He is a former Provincial Minister and District Nazim of Abbottabad.
During his tenure as nazim he shot to prominence for opposing the renaming of the NWFP to Pakhtunkhwa. He criticised the President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari, for referring to the province as Pakhtunkhwa - saying this was unconstitutional and done to please coalition partners.
Zaman said he was in contact with the nazims of the southern districts and all five nazims of the erstwhile Hazara Division opposed the name change. If the district was renamed in line with the proposal from the Awami National Party then, according to Zaman, a creation of a Hazara Province would be justified.
He was also involved in a petition against the provincial government of the NWFP claiming that they were curtailing the powers of district government. In March 2006, five months after a devastating earthquake struck the region, Zaman said repatriation of people from tent villages (set up in the aftermath of the earthquake) might be held up due to lack of resources possessed by the district governments. That year he also supported an initiative to raise awareness of the effects of the earthquake.
In 2007 he criticised Pakistani tour operators for the way the organised the Hajj and Umrah arrangements for pilgrims in Saudi Arabia, he also claimed that the tour operators were fleecing pilgrims and pilgrims were unable to get rid of greedy tour managers.
In 2010 following the renaming of the North-West Frontier Province, Khan has again been prominent by his opposition to the new name, he became the head of the Action Committee for Hazara province - he stated that the new name of the province is on an ethnic basis and so deprived the people of Hazara of their identity. In August 2010 Khan stated that the people of Hazara would stop payments of utility bills until their demands were met.

</doc>
<doc id="20784669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784669" title="Oron people">
Oron people

The Oron people are comprised in five Local Government Areas (LGAs) in Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria. The Oron are the third largest ethnic group in the state, and Bakassi LGA in Cross River State. The five Local Councils in Akwa Ibom are Oron, Udung-Uko, Mbo, Urue-Offong/Oruko, and Okobo. The Oron people, popularly called 'Oro Ukpabang' or 'Akpakip Oro' by its indigenes, are made up up of several clans. There are nine clans called "Afaha". They are namely: Afaha Okpo, Afaha Ukwong, Ebughu, Afaha Ibighi, Effiat, Afaha Ubodung, Etta, Afaha Oki-uso, and Afaha Idua (Iluhe). However, the geopolitical restructuring of the state and local government creation has seen the Oron nation being fragmented politically into two states of Nigeria, namely Cross River and Akwa Ibom state. There are five Oron Local Government Areas in Akwa Ibom State and one Local Government in Cross River State. 
Oron town is the third largest city in Akwa Ibom state after Uyo and Eket. It has a population of around 250,000 people living within the city. Lying on the Cross River, Oron has a seaport and a Maritime Academy which is soon to become a nautical university. The predominant occupation is fishing and farming.
History.
Oron was in existence in the pre-colonial period in Nigeria and was formerly a part of the province called the South-Eastern state. Natives of this area speak the dialect also known as Oron. Most Oron people also speak and understand the Efik language fluently. The Oron also have some dialectical similarities with the Ibibio and Annang people, hence their communication in Ibibio and Annang languages is very proficient.
The migration history of the Oron people is closely related to that of the Efik Eburutu people. In fact, the Efik people regard and treat the Oron people as part of the larger Oron and Calabar people. Some quarters also relate Oron and Efik people with Eket (Ekid) people because of their very close dialect and mutual relationship. This was most especially in the days of the Okpo Ekid of Oron. But in modern days, the Oron people avoid such history, but they own up to the fact that the Ibono, who dwell among the Ekids share similar ancestral history with them. One controversy says that the relationship of Oron with Eket is said to have gone sour when the Eket under the regime of Brigadier General U.J. Esuene declared and agreed to be called a subgroup of the Ibibio nation to gain political relevance and advantage. U.J. Esuene was also said to have denied the Oron people of the opportunity to site the Exxon Mobile's first terminal in Mbo and Effiat Oro areas of Oron. 
Another common controversy that describes the worsened relationship between Oron and Eket is the accusation that General Esuene was the one who ordered the bombing of Urue Oruko, a region at the heart of Oron where several millions of Oron people (mostly traders and women) were killed during the Nigerian Civil War in the late 1960s. This unfortunate event in Oron has been observed to be the most tragic in the history of the Nigerian Civil War.
Geography.
Oron is found in the flood plain of South Eastern Nigeria, with the land mainly intersected by numerous streams and tributaries flowing into Cross River. The entire coastline stretches from Uya Oron to Udung Uko. 
Oron is in the tropical region and has a uniformly high temperature all the year round. The two main seasons are the dry which spans between October and April and wet season which starts around May and ends in September. There are also two prevailing winds – the South-West onshore winds which brings heavy rains and the North- East trade winds blowing across the Sahara Desert, which brings in the dry season. 
Natural Resources.
Oron is rich in oil and natural gas. Most of its oil reserves are off-shore. There are 25 corked oil wells. Oron is presently rated as having one of the highest supplies of natural gas deposits in sub-Saharan Africa with large amounts of untapped natural gas and oil at Ukpata, Udung Okung, and Edik Ekpu. 
The region is extremely fertile and is known for its topographical Oil Palm Belt, tropical rainforest, swamps, and beaches. The mangrove forests also provide timber and raw materials for medicinal purposes. There are also deposits of solid minerals such as iron, free silica or glass sand and gravel. Seafoods such as crayfish, snipers, oyster and periwinkle abound richly in all coastal areas. 
Education.
Oron people were among the earliest to encounter Western education in West Africa. This is most evident with the establishment of the Hope Waddell Training Institute, Calabar in 1895 and the Methodist Boys High School, Oron in 1905. These schools are the oldest in the history of Nigeria and attracted students from all over Western and Central Africa.
Politics.
With a well formidable socio-cultural group called the Oron Union founded in 1925, the Oron people became one of the most formidable and vocal groups in the South-South region of Nigeria, hence one of the three political forces in the present day Akwa Ibom State. 
Oron became a Division in August 1970 and in 1976, was made a local government area. However, following the local government creation exercise of the federal government in 1989, Oron was split into 3 Local Government Areas of Mbo, Oron and Okobo. Again in September 1991, Urue Offong/Oruko Local Government Area was carved out of Oron Local Government Area. Finally in December 1996, Udung Uko Local Government Area was further carved out of Oron.
Currently, the Oron people are still struggling in their attempts to properly place the Oron union in a position to control their political interests in the state. In the past, the Oron Union has put up such structures as the CWC (Central Working Committee), Esumbuke Oro, and quite recently, the Oron Think-Tank, and many others to address certain issues. There has been little success with these structures, when compared to the political expectation of the average Oron person within the state and Nigeria.
Kingship.
Traditionally, the Oron people have one king that rules over the land. He is known as the 'Ahta Oro'. The Ahta has all the Ofong (Ivong or Ifong) afaha and the paramount rulers as members of his traditional rulers council. Some high chiefs (for example, Ikpoto, Akpha and Okete Okete) are also recognized by the Ahta's council. The President-General of the Oron Union worldwide is regarded as the administrative head of the Oron nation and second-in-command at the Ahta's traditional rulers council.
Culture and Tradition.
The Oron people have a unique culture and tradition. The Ekpe Society is used throughout Oron Land as the authority. There are other traditional cults and societies which include the Ekpo, Abang, Edeme Awan Nkwho, Ekon, Afikegit, Konkoma, Mbok, Ababa, Nnabo,and many others. All these societies, in addition to the unique hospitality of the Oron people, their arts, rich diet, Oil and Gas minerals, have been known to attract tourism and commerce to the area and Akwa Ibom state in general.
The Oron people have a very colourful mode of traditional dressing, especially with an Iyara (which is red in colour). The red Iyara is usually worn with a white tailored traditional shirt and a wrapper (large fabric wrapped around the waist) to match. This wrapper is commonly worn by several peoples of southern Nigeria. Sometimes it can be combined with the rich Efik native piece of cloth (tie), usually a colourful silk material. Recently the Oron people have been known to tie a piece of cloth usually in form of a handkerchief on the neck. This cloth could be white or coloured depending on the user and his combination intent. A blend of the neck handkerchief and the Efik native tie is also very common among the Oron people. Generally, apart from the distinction of the red Iyara, it is not easy to distinguish an Oron man or woman from an Efik person in terms of attire and the culture. These attires are also sometimes used by the Ibibio and Annang groups of Akwa Ibom state; except that the Annang and Ibibio people will not put on the red Iyara of Oron people because of its political implications and consequence.
Language and Culture.
The people have a distinct Oro language, although many speak and understand the Ibibio language. Oron has a rich culture expressed in songs, folklore and dances. The first National Museum east of the Niger and the Maritime Academy of Nigeria are located in Oron.
International Airport.
The Ibom International Airport is situated in Oron nation (Okobo LGA). The administrative office of the airport is located in the nearby Uruan, Uyo LGA. Uruan is said to have an ancestral relationship with the Oron group, just like the Efiks, Ibono, Eastern Obolo, and Andoni groups. 
The city is currently witnessing massive infrastructural development such as the dualization of Oron-Eket Highway, construction of various intercity roads, health centres, schools, and housing estate projects to give the ancient city a facelift.

</doc>
<doc id="20784685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784685" title="Poitou goat">
Poitou goat

The Poitou goat (French: "Chèvre Poitevine") is a dairy goat breed from western France. With a history dating back to 1800, the breed is named for the Poitou-Charentes region. Poitou goats are known for their use in goat milk cheese production, though they are an endangered breed, and at one point were down to just 600 breeding animals. Poitou goats have a distinctive appearance: tall and with long, shaggy hair, they are black-brown with white marks on the head and neck, while the underbelly and legs are white.

</doc>
<doc id="20784699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784699" title="Paul Fairchild">
Paul Fairchild

Paul Jay Fairchild (born September 14, 1961 in Carroll, Iowa) is a former professional American football guard in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the New England Patriots (1984–1990).

</doc>
<doc id="20784765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784765" title="Calochortus concolor">
Calochortus concolor

Calochortus concolor, also known by the common name goldenbowl Mariposa lily, is a species of flowering plant in the lily family. It is native to the mountains of southern California and northern Baja California, where it grows in the chaparral and forests of the slopes. It is a perennial herb growing an erect stem 30 to 60 centimeters tall. The waxy basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and withers at flowering. The inflorescence bears 1 to 7 erect bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three sepals and three yellow petals with reddish areas near the bases. The fruit is a narrow, angled capsule up to 8 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20784770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784770" title="Jupiters">
Jupiters

Jupiters were a band based in Lahore, Pakistan, which was a breeding ground for many Pakistani singers. The band itself gained attention as a party band in Lahore in the early 90s and later released a song 'Chala dey ja nishani'. It wasn't long after the song, that Jupiters disbanded.
The band disbanded in late 1990s and is remembered as a party band in the city of Lahore.

</doc>
<doc id="20784771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784771" title="Miguel Peirano (footballer)">
Miguel Peirano (footballer)

Club career.
Peirano played for C.A. Peñarol and C.A. Progreso in the Primera División Uruguaya. He played in the Spanish La Liga with Sevilla F.C. during the 1984-85 season. He also had a spell in the Greek Super League with Levadiakos F.C. during the 1987-88 and 1988-89 seasons.
International career.
Peirano appeared for the senior Uruguay national football team at the 1983 Pan American Games, scoring the game-winning goal in the final against Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20784776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784776" title="Lewis Mill Complex">
Lewis Mill Complex

Lewis Mill Complex is a historic grist mill complex located at Jefferson, Frederick County, Maryland. The complex consists of seven standing structures, a house foundation, and the remains of an earlier millrace. It centers on an early-19th century three-story brick mill structure with a gabled roof. It was rehabilitated in 1979-1980 for use as a pottery shop. Also in the complex are a stuccoed log house and log springhouse built about; a frame wagon shed and corn crib structure and frame barn dating from the late 19th century; and early 20th century cattle shelter and a frame garage. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20784783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784783" title="Jack Wadsworth">
Jack Wadsworth

John L. Wadsworth (December 17, 1867 – July 8, 1941) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons. He played for the Cleveland Spiders in 1890, the Baltimore Orioles in 1893, and the Louisville Colonels from 1894 to 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="20784788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784788" title="Journal of Ethnopharmacology">
Journal of Ethnopharmacology

The Journal of Ethnopharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the traditional medicinal use of plants and other substances. It is the official journal of the International Society for Ethnopharmacology.

</doc>
<doc id="20784794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784794" title="Renée Manfredi">
Renée Manfredi

Renée Manfredi is an American novelist. 
Manfredi was co-winner of the 1993 Iowa Short Fiction Award. 
Born in 1962 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, she earned a BA at the University of Pittsburgh and a MFA at Indiana University, Bloomington.

</doc>
<doc id="20784796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784796" title="Pyrenean goat">
Pyrenean goat

The Pyrenean goat breed from the Pyrenees of France and Spain and the Cantabrian Mountains of Spain is used for the production of milk and meat.

</doc>
<doc id="20784802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784802" title="Santa Catarina Mita">
Santa Catarina Mita

Santa Catarina Mita is a municipality in the Jutiapa department of Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="20784815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784815" title="Lal Thanhawla">
Lal Thanhawla

Lal Thanhawla (born 19 May 1942) is an Indian politician and belongs to the Indian National Congress party. He is the Chief Minister of Mizoram since 11 December 2008. He was elected again in the Mizoram Legislative Assembly election, 2013 and continued the office since 14 December 2013. This was his fifth time to the office of Chief Minister, which is a record in Mizoram. His electoral constituencies are Serchhip and Hrangturzo. He had succesfully contested in the general elections for nine times, in 1978, 1979, 1984, 1987, 1993, 2003, 2008, and 2013. 
Early life.
Lal Thanhawla is the son of Hmartawnphunga Sailo and Lalsawmliani Chawngthu. He completed matriculation in 1958. He passed his intermediate examination (higher secondary) in arts in 1961. Thereafter, he studied BA at Pachhunga University College (then Aijal College), which was then affiliated to Gauhati University. He graduated in 1964. 
Career.
Lal Thanhawla started his career as Recorder in the office of Inspector of Schools under the Mizoram District Council, which was in turn under the Government of Assam. After that, he joined the Assam Co-operative Apex Bank as Assistant. In 1966, he joined the underground movement called Mizo National Front (MNF) as Foreign Secretary. He was captured and imprisoned at Silchar jail. He was release in 1967 and joined the Indian National Congress party. He was immediately appointed to the Chief Organiser of the Aizawl District Congress Committee. In 1973 he was elected President of the Mizoram Pradesh Congress Committee, and continued to win the presidency in every election till date. In 1978 and 1979 he was elected as a Legislator in Union Territory Elections. In 1984, under his leadership, the Congress party swept the state and he became the Chief Minister. In 1986, when the Mizoram Peace Accord was signed between India and MNF, he stepped down from his office to make way for Pu Laldenga, the leader of MNF, to become the Chief Minister. This was part of the negotiation and settlement of the accord, and he was designated Deputy Chief Minister. Then Mizoram was declared a full state of India. In the first Mizoram Legislative Assembly election held in 1987, he was elected and became the Chief Minister. He continued the office after being re-elected in the 1989 and 1993 elections. In 1998 he lost the election, the only time since his political career started. He eventually reclaimed in the 2003 elections. Currently he is elected from both Serchhip and Hrangturzo constituencies. 
In the 2013 Mizoram Assembly Elections, Thanhawla led the ruling Congress party to a victory winning 34 seats in the 40-member legislative assembly, two seats more than in the 2008 election. The major opposition party Mizo National Front (MNF) barely won five seats, while Mizoram People's Conference (MPC) won just one seat.
Other activities.
Lal Thanhawla is an actively involved sports and voluntary services. Among his major contributions are as
In addition he had served as Secretary of Central Information Forum; Chairman of Literacy Committee, National Development Council of India; Member of the 9th Finance Commission of India; and Member of the Shillong Club Ltd. and Country Club of India.

</doc>
<doc id="20784816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784816" title="Dito Godwin">
Dito Godwin

Dito Godwin (born 1955) is an American multi-platinum award winning record producer, Executive and Musician, best known for his production works with Mötley Crüe, Peter Criss and Ace Frehley of Kiss, Great White, Circus and more recently No Doubt, Kevin Carlberg, The Stick People and Kristy Lee Cook of American Idol.
Godwin started his career in New York as a musician touring with names like Black Sabbath before turning to the administrative and production roles he has worked in for over 25 years in the industry. He has also taught at UCLA, University of Sound Arts, LACC, Southern Oregon University,
and guest spoken at NXNW, SXSW, LAMP and many other music conventions nationwide.
In 2003 Godwin consulted with Tony Brown (then President of MCA Records) choosing material for Wynonna Judd's upcoming CD and represented Susan Gibson, writer of The Dixie Chicks smash hit "Wide Open Spaces".
Dito Godwin was nominated for a directorial award in 2005 for a live music video, "Formula", from the El Rey theater in Los Angeles, CA and is heavily referenced in the 2008 book "Gwen Stefani And No Doubt - A Simple Kind Of Life" written by Jeff Apter.
Having worked and produced with most of the Major record labels, Godwin was also the Director A&R and General Manager of TNT Records in the 1990s and in 2008 he founded EFM Records and is working with several established Artists to release in 2009 on the EFM Record label.
Other 2009 projects include producing a celebrity filled CD with recording Artist and "Stand Up to Cancer" organization supporter Kevin Carlberg, in which all proceeds will be contributed to fighting cancer. Godwin also produced Carlberg's solo CD in early 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20784818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784818" title="Osler's sign">
Osler's sign

Osler's sign refers to one of the medical signs named in honor of the famous Professor William Osler, Professor of Medicine at McGill University and Johns Hopkins University. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784829" title="New Technology High School at GHS">
New Technology High School at GHS

New Technology High School @ GHS is a public high school in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. It is one of five small schools located on the Garinger campus of schools in Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools. The principal of New Tech is Mr. Barry Blair. There are currently over 20 teachers and about 450 students.
History.
New Technology High School at Garinger was established in 2006 as a part of the closing of Garinger High School in 2009. Modeled after the New Technology High School in Napa, California, the school opened in 2006 with a class of 91 ninth graders and added a grade with each successive year. The school's first graduating class will be the class of 2010. 
New Technology High School at Garinger is the result of a joint vision by Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools, The New Tech Network, the New Schools Project, and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Campus.
New Technology High School shares the Garinger campus with four other new small schools: Math and Science High School, International Studies High School, Business and Finance High School and Leadership and Public Services High School.
Curriculum.
Our new school will use a national reform model provided by the New Technology Foundation to provide a real-world, 21st Century education to students who choose to enroll at the New Technology High School at Garinger. This model encompasses virtually all national reform initiatives: School to Career education, Standards Based Curriculum, Curricular Integration, Professional Development for Teachers, and Technology Preparation.

</doc>
<doc id="20784833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784833" title="Aseem Prakash">
Aseem Prakash

Aseem Prakash is Professor of Political Science and the Walker Family Professor for the Arts and Sciences at University of Washington-Seattle. He serves as the General Editor of the Cambridge University Press Series on Business and Public Policy and the co-editor of Journal of Policy Analysis and Management. In addition to serving on editorial boards of several additional journals, he has been elected as the Vice-President of the International Studies Association (2014-2015).
His most prominent contribution pertains to the club approach to the study of voluntary programs in the context of business firms, and extended it to the context of the non-profit sector. Outside actors do not fully know how firms or nonprofits are functioning internally. Voluntary programs are a signaling mechanisms to convey this information to outside actors in a credible way. Because participation in such programs in costly, participants need to get something in return. The club approach suggests that club membership allows members to appropriate certain benefits which are non-rival and excludable (i.e., have the characteristics of club goods). These can pertain to reputation, goodwill, access to capital, regulatory relief, etc. Given that voluntary programs tend to have varying levels of effectiveness, the club approach helps to predict ex ante how program design affects program efficacy. 
In addition to his work on environmental issues, he is among the second wave scholars who suggest examining NGOs from a collective action perspective. The first ways scholars suggest that NGOs are somehow different from firms and governments because they are guided by principled concerns, not instrumental reasons. Nonprofit scholars claim that nonprofits are more reliable than firms because they are subject to the non-distributional constraint: that is, they can generate profits but cannot distribute them. The second wave scholars question these assertions on both theoretical and empirical grounds. For them, NGOs and nonprofits are guided by both instrumental reasons and principled beliefs. Further, managers have several ways of circumventing the non-distributional constraint and using organizational resources to their advantage. Indeed, the low entry barriers in establishing nonprofits has led the nonprofit/NGO pool to be contaminated with purely instrumental organizations. The collective action approach provides an analytic and systematic approach to study nonprofits and NGOs. Interestingly, insights about voluntary regulation which have been developed in the context of the for profit sector travel quite well to the study of the non-profit sector.
His other prominent contribution pertains to the role of trade and FDI networks in influencing regulatory races in areas such as human rights, labor rights, environmental policies. 
Aseem Prakash has written and edited several books and articles on the subjects of corporate environmentalism, NGOs, and globalization.

</doc>
<doc id="20784894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784894" title="2005 UEFA Regions' Cup">
2005 UEFA Regions' Cup

The 2005 UEFA Regions' Cup was the fourth UEFA Regions' Cup. It was held in Poland and won by the "Basque Country" team from Spain, which beat Bulgaria's "South-West Sofia" 1–0 in the final.
Preliminary round.
The eight teams in the preliminary round were drawn into two groups of four, with the fixtures for each group being played in the same country. Group East's matches were played in Romania and those for Group West were played in Slovenia. The two group winners and the best runner-up advanced to the intermediary round.
Intermediary round.
The 29 teams which went straight through to the intermediary round were joined by England's "Cheshire", the "Central" team of Slovakia and the Romanian "Dacia" team. The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four, with the following countries hosting each group's matches:
The winners of each group qualified for the final tournament.
Final tournament.
Poland was chosen to host the final tournament, with matches being played from 3 July to 9 July 2005.
Group stage.
The eight intermediary group winners were drawn into two groups of four, with the two group winners advancing to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20784903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784903" title="Siv Heim Sæbøe">
Siv Heim Sæbøe

Siv Heim Sæbøe (born 25 March 1973) is a Norwegian team handball player who played for the club Bækkelagets SK and on the Norway women's national handball team. She became European champion in 1998.
Sæbøe made her debut on the national team in 1998, and her position was pivot/line player.

</doc>
<doc id="20784916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784916" title="Acta Paediatrica">
Acta Paediatrica

Acta Paediatrica is a peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of pediatrics. It was established in 1921 and was renamed Acta Paediatrica Scandinavica in 1964, before returning to its original title in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20784922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784922" title="2003 UEFA Regions' Cup">
2003 UEFA Regions' Cup

The 2003 UEFA Regions' Cup was the third UEFA Regions' Cup. It was held in Germany and won by the "Piedmont" team from Italy, which beat France's "Maine" 2–1 in the final.
Preliminary round.
The 40 teams entered were drawn into ten groups of four, with the following countries hosting each group's matches:
Six group winners qualified automatically, while the winners of four randomly drawn groups took part in a playoff for the two remaining places in the final tournament.
Intermediary round.
The intermediary playoffs were drawn at random when the preliminary groups were drawn. As there were ten groups but only eight places in the final tournament, four group winners had to play in the intermediary round. The winners of Group 2 were drawn to play the winners of Group 4, whilst Group 8 and Group 10's winners would play each other. The two legs were played in both competing teams' home regions.
First legs
Second legs
Final tournament.
Germany was chosen to host the final tournament, with matches being played from 22 June to 28 June 2003.
Group stage.
The six automatic preliminary group winners and the two intermediary playoff winners (Italy's "Piedmont" and "Asturias" of Spain) were drawn into two groups of four, with the two group winners advancing to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20784923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784923" title="Repartida">
Repartida

The Repartida goat breed from northeastern Brazil is a color type selectively bred from the Chué goat. Like its progenitor, it is a meat-type breed.

</doc>
<doc id="20784928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784928" title="Calochortus dunnii">
Calochortus dunnii

Calochortus dunnii is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Dunn's Mariposa lily. It is native to Baja California and San Diego County in California, where it is known from only a few occurrences in the chaparral and forests of the local mountain ranges. It is a perennial herb growing a slender, branching stem up to 60 centimeters tall. The waxy, channeled basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and withers at flowering. The inflorescence bears 2 to 6 erect bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three sepals and three white or pinkish petals. The petals are up to 3 centimeters long and spotted with red and yellow near the bases, where there are patches of yellow hairs. The fruit is a narrow, angled capsule 2 to 3 centimeters long. Although the plant isn't seriously impacted by any one major problem, the main threat to the existence of this rare species is collecting by admirers of the attractive flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20784948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784948" title="Camilla Carstens">
Camilla Carstens

Camilla Carstens (born 6 February 1977) is a Norwegian team handball player. She played for Fjellhammer IL, Asptt Metz in France and the Danish club Ikast and on the Norway women's national handball team. She became European champion in 1998.
Carstens made her debut on the national team in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20784962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784962" title="Vranidoll">
Vranidoll

Vranidoll (; ) is a village in the municipality of Pristina, in central Kosovo. It has about 200 houses and about 1500 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="20784972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784972" title="2001 UEFA Regions' Cup">
2001 UEFA Regions' Cup

The 2001 UEFA Regions' Cup was the second UEFA Regions' Cup. It was held in the Czech Republic and won by the "Moravia" team from the host nation, which beat Portugal's "Braga" 4–2 on penalties, after drawing 2–2 after extra time, in the final.
Preliminary round.
The 35 teams entered were drawn into eight groups of four and one group of three, with the following countries hosting each group's matches:
Seven group winners automatically qualified for the final tournament, with the two "worst winners" playing against each other in a playoff for the remaining place.
Playoff.
The two teams which won their groups with the least amount of available points went through to compete in a playoff for the remaining final tournament place. In the event of multiple teams sharing the same amount of points, the points margin and score between first and second places was taken into account. The two legs were played in both teams' home regions.
First leg
Second leg
Final tournament.
The Czech Republic was chosen to host the final tournament, with matches being played from 18 June to 24 June 2001.
Group stage.
The seven automatic preliminary group winners and the playoff winner ("Vojvodina" of the then-Serbia and Montenegro) were drawn into two groups of four, with the two group winners advancing to the final. 

</doc>
<doc id="20784973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784973" title="Schlesinger Institute">
Schlesinger Institute

The Schlesinger Institute for Medical-Halachic Research was founded in 1966 under the auspices of Shaare Zedek Medical Center, imbuing its professional pursuits with the spirit of Torah. This was the philosophy of the hospital's second director-general, after whom the Institute is named, and it remains the Institute's guiding principle.
The Schlesinger Institute is dedicated to the halachic approach of medical ethics. Through the scholarship and expertise of leading rabbis, doctors and others, the Institute aims to research and resolve the halachic issues that emerge as medicine progresses, to consider their medical, halachic, legal and ethical ramifications, and to present practical responses.
Principal Activities.
The Schlesinger Institute offers a variety of religious and academic programs in Jewish medical ethics, enabling diverse audiences and student groups to learn from some of the most prominent Jewish medical ethicists of our time. Among these programs are a thirty-hour semester course at the Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School, summer and winter seminars for medical and nursing students from abroad, lectures and tours of Shaare Zedek for yeshiva and seminary students, and one-day seminars on selected topics for Israeli high school pupils.
Publications.
A number of important books and journals on Jewish medical ethics are available through the Schlesinger Institute.
Journals.
The Schlesinger Institute publish two prestigious journals, ASSIA in Hebrew and JME in English. Both journals geared to provide those interested and connected to this field, medical and ethical problems, solutions and ethical thought processes of those Rabbis and doctors that have dealt with these problems.
Article published in the journals deal with a variety of topics, including: scientific, legal, ethical and halachic aspects of cloning, determining time of death, heart transplantations, truth-telling to the dangerously ill patient, halachic and medical aspects of the AIDS virus, psychiatry and halacha, the selling of organs, the cessation of medical treatment and euthanasia, initial counseling for a juvenile with homosexual urges, smoking and life expectancy, coercive medical treatment, the surrogate mother, medical dilemmas of hospital nurses and naturally, practical halachic principles connected to the obligation to save human life.
Encyclopedia of Jewish Medical Ethics.
By Avraham Steinberg, M.D.
Medical practice from the point of view of halacha and Jewish thought, thoroughly covering sources from Scripture through the whole of ancient, medieval, and modern rabbinic literature. Systematic surveys of related medical, scientific, philosophical, ethical, and legal material.
Articles in the Encyclopedia are in alphabetical order and cover a wide range of topics both for the medical professional and the patient. Combines halachic and medical knowledge, with full references for both. Covers the whole field, including medical, scientific, philosophical, ethical, and legal material, from Scripture and Talmud through the most recent sources.
An invaluable reference tool, including thousands of references.
Among the articles: Paternity, Suicide, Autonomy and Free Will, Hospitals, Genetics, Religion and Science, Consent, Abortions, IVF, Organ Transplantation, Conflict of Halacha and Science, Old Age, The Patient, Embalming, Malpractice, Pain, Kashrut and Shabbat, Birth, Medical Education, Human Sexuality, Limited Resources, Medical Experimentation on Humans, Surgery, Confidentiality, Fertility, Lifesaving, Causing Pain to Animals, Triage, Defining Death, Physicians, General and Jewish Ethics, and much more.
Nishmat Abraham.
By A.S. Abraham, M.D., F.R.C.P 
Published as four volume set, the Nishmat Avraham on Medical Halacha consists of new responsa and new medical halachic rulings. The Nishmat Abraham is a commentary on the four sections of the Shulchan Aruch with detailed references from the Talmud through Rishonim and Acharonim. In it one can find thousands of rulings gleaned from the vast sea of halachic literature, including the most up-to-date material from great contemporary authorities all over the world such as Rav M. Feinstein zt"l, Rav Sh.Z. Auerbach zt"l, Rav Waldenberg zt"l, Rav Eliashiv, Rav Ovadia Yosef, Rav Wosner and Rav Neuwirth.
Problems as far ranging as the doctor and patient on weekdays and Shabbat, Yom Kippur and Pesach, in the hospital or at home, hospice, end of life and brain death, pregnancy and assisted reproduction, contraception and abortion, brit milah and the medical problems of niddah, medical malpractice and claims, genetic engineering and cloning, DNA and stem cells, AIDS and herpes, the threatened doctor and the psychiatric patient, Hatzalah and preventive medicine and their attendant problems in halacha are but some of the issues discussed by the author.
The opinions of all these leading authorities are of particular importance in this survey which covers virtually every issue in medical halacha. Their views are comprehensively summarized on each point, elucidating the underlying principles of contemporary issues. Thus it is ideal for structuring a systematic syllabus. In addition, its extensive and detailed indices make it a perfect reference and research tool.
Additional books.
The institute published a few more books including:
International Responsa Project (IRP).
When a medical procedure raises ethical or moral questions that seem to contradict halacha, advice from a reliable source is needed. The International Responsa Project provides this service to people all over the world who send the Schlesinger Institute questions - some of a general, theoretical nature and some of a very specific, technical nature - via telephone, e-mail, fax and post. The questions are answered as quickly as possible by one of the rabbi-doctors at the Institute, or, in special cases, by a recognized rabbinical authority.
The Chaim Kahn Library and Information Center.
The Library and Information Center is one of the premier resource centers for Jewish medical ethics in Israel. All the standard texts of the Jewish library can be found there, as well as compendiums of halacha, medical and Jewish journals, and legal texts. Computer facilities, a database of Jewish sources, and a bibliography of the library are available to the public. The information center is named after Chaim Kahn, the first chairman of the institute.
International Conferences.
Significant contributions to the halachic approach to medical or ethical questions are made at the international conferences organized by the Schlesinger Institute. These conferences bring together rabbis, doctors and others from around the world for lectures on contemporary medical halachic issues given by world-renowned experts. Conference proceedings and background materials have been published in both English and Hebrew and are available for purchase through the Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20784980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784980" title="Russian White (goat)">
Russian White (goat)

The Russian White goat from Russia is a dairy breed. It is derived from the selective breeding of Saanen and Toggenburg goats imported from Switzerland, crossed with various native goat breeds of the former USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="20784989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784989" title="1983–84 Los Angeles Lakers season">
1983–84 Los Angeles Lakers season

The 1983–84 season for the Los Angeles Lakers saw them lose in the 1984 NBA Finals against Larry Bird's Boston Celtics in seven well-fought games. The Los Angeles Lakers, powered by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (who broke the NBA's all-time total points record) and Magic Johnson with his 13.1 assists per game (tops in '84), ended up winning 54 games in the 1983–84 NBA season. On April 5, 1984, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar had a 12 foot shot over Mark Eaton of the Utah Jazz 1 to surpass Wilt Chamberlain as the NBA's all-time leading scorer with 31,421 points.
In the playoffs, the Lakers defeated the Kansas City Kings in the first round, Dallas Mavericks in the second, and the Phoenix Suns in the 1984 Western Conference Finals in order to advance to what is called the "greatest NBA Finals in history", against Larry Bird's formidable, 62-20 Boston Celtics. The Lakers' early step on the green team in the Championship caused Bird to label teammates "sissies". The words inspired the Celtics, and shot down the Lakers, and the C's won game 7 111-102, a Laker heartbreaker, and still, arguably, the most memorable Finals of the 1980s.
Playoffs.
West First Round.
(1) Los Angeles Lakers vs. (8) Kansas City Kings: "Lakers win series 3-0"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1955 Western Division Semifinals (Lakers won 2-1; Lakers were in Minneapolis, Kings were in Rochester, New York as the Royals)
West Conference Semifinals.
(1) Los Angeles Lakers vs. (4) Dallas Mavericks: "Lakers win series 4-1"
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Lakers and Mavericks.
West Conference Finals.
(1) Los Angeles Lakers vs. (6) Phoenix Suns: "Lakers win series 4-2"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1982 Western Conference Semifinals (Los Angeles won 4-0)
NBA Finals.
"Boston beats Los Angeles 4-3"
References.
Lakers History
The 1984 NBA Finals|Celtics.com
NBA.com: Larry's Celtics Edge Magic's Lakers in 7

</doc>
<doc id="20784996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20784996" title="David Gahr">
David Gahr

David Gahr (September 18, 1922 – May 25, 2008) was an American photographer. He was one of "the pre-eminent photographers of American folk, blues, jazz and rock musicians of the 1960s and beyond." (Bruce Weber, The New York Times, May 29, 2008).
His photographic output includes more than five decades of musicians like Bob Dylan, Miles Davis, Bruce Springsteen, Van Morrison, Janis Joplin, Sonny Terry, John Lennon, and Pete Seeger, among others. His book, "The Face of Folk Music" (Citadel Press, 1968) with writer Robert Shelton captured the exploding American Folk music scene, with hundreds of images including Dylan, Joan Baez, Pete Seeger, Judy Collins, Tom Paxton, Phil Ochs, Odetta, Buddy Guy and Junior Wells, Mary Travers, and Johnny Cash, among others. His work appeared prominently in "Crawdaddy".
Dozens of Wikipedia pages include reference to Gahr's photographs, like those of "The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle", "His Band and the Street Choir", "Love, God, Murder", "The Fugs First Album", "Doc Watson and Son", "Doc Watson at Gerdes Folk City", "", "The Essential Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble", and others.
He leaves behind a son and his beloved daughter, Carla Gahr (also a NYC-based photographer, who, with her father, managed the David Gahr photography studio and archives).

</doc>
<doc id="20785008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785008" title="1999 UEFA Regions' Cup">
1999 UEFA Regions' Cup

The 1999 UEFA Regions' Cup was the first UEFA Regions' Cup. It was held in Italy and won by the "Veneto" team from the host nation, which beat Spain's "Madrid" 3–2, after extra time, in the final.
Preliminary round.
The 32 teams entered were drawn into eight groups of four, with the following countries hosting each group's matches:
The winners of each group qualified for the final tournament.
Final tournament.
Italy was chosen to host the final tournament, with matches being played from 31 October to 5 November 1999.
Group stage.
The eight preliminary group winners were drawn into two groups of four, with the two group winners advancing to the final.
See also.
UEFA Regions' Cup

</doc>
<doc id="20785010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785010" title="Elise Alsand">
Elise Alsand

Elise Alsand (born 1972) is a Norwegian team handball player who played for the club Nordstrand IF and on the Norway women's national handball team. She became European champion in 1998.
Alsand made her debut on the national team in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20785022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785022" title="Paralaoma">
Paralaoma

Paralaoma is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Punctidae, the dot snails.
Species.
The genus "Paralaoma" includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20785040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785040" title="2009 UEFA Regions' Cup">
2009 UEFA Regions' Cup

The 2009 UEFA Regions' Cup was the sixth UEFA Regions' Cup. It was held in Croatia and won by the "Castile and León" team from Spain, which beat Romania's "Oltenia" 2–1 in the final.
Preliminary round.
The eleven teams in the preliminary round were drawn into two groups of four and one group of three, with the following countries hosting each group's matches:
The winners of each group advanced to the intermediary round.
Intermediary round.
The 29 teams which went straight through to the intermediary round were joined by "San Marino", "Malta" and Turkey's "Marmara". The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four, with the following countries hosting each group's matches:
The winners of each group qualified for the final tournament.
Final tournament.
Croatia was chosen to host the final tournament, with matches being played 15 June to 22 June 2009. 
Group stage.
The eight intermediary group winners were drawn into two groups of four, with the two group winners advancing to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20785054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785054" title="Mike Baker (journalist)">
Mike Baker (journalist)

Michael Baker (16 February 1957 – 22 September 2012) was a British journalist best known for his work with the BBC.
Educated at Colchester Royal Grammar School in Essex and Emmanuel College, Cambridge, he joined the BBC on their graduate trainee scheme in 1980. He was the Corporation's Education Correspondent from 1989 until 2007, when he left the BBC's staff. Before that he was a BBC Political Correspondent from 1980 to 1989 and also spent brief periods as a Foreign Correspondent and Deputy Home News Editor at the BBC. Baker was a regular columnist for BBC News Online, the "EducationGuardian", and the "Education Journal". He presented several series of programmes on Teachers TV. 
Baker's publications include "Who Rules Our Schools" (Hodder & Stoughton) and "A Parents' Guide to the New Curriculum" (BBC Books). He was the first journalist to be appointed Visiting Professor at the Institute of Education. Baker held a 2000 Michigan Journalism Fellowship at the University of Michigan and was a Reuters Fellow at Green College, Oxford. He was also an Honorary Fellow of the College of Teachers and was the CIPR Education Journalist of the Year in 2008.
Baker died in September 2012, aged 55. He had been receiving treatment for lung cancer, which he wrote about publicly in his blog.

</doc>
<doc id="20785074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785074" title="Gunzenhausen–Pleinfeld railway">
Gunzenhausen–Pleinfeld railway

The Gunzenhausen−Pleinfeld railway (also called the Seenlandbahn or "Lakeland railway") is a 16.8 km long branch line that runs along the south bank of the Brombach lakes from Gunzenhausen to Pleinfeld. The name "Seenlandbahn" comes from its location in the Franconian lake district, because the line provides access to the lakes of "Großer Brombachsee", "Kleiner Brombachsee" and "Altmühlsee".
History.
The line was opened on 1 December 1849 as part of the Ludwig South-North Railway, after the planned route via Gunzenhausen, Spalt and Georgensgmünd was cancelled due to objections from the hop farmers of Spalt who were concerned about the quality of their products. With the construction of the line from Treuchtlingen to Donauwörth (opened in 1906) the section from Pleinfeld to Gunzenhausen, as well as the entire stretch from Pleinfeld via Nördlingen to Donauwörth, lost its importance and levels of traffic on the line steadily fell.
Operations.
Since 27 September 1992 the line has been integrated in the Nuremberg Regional Transport Network ("Verkehrsverbund Großraum Nürnberg") or VGN as line R62. Services are provided today by Class 642 multiples that run every 60 minutes from Monday to Friday and every 2 hours at weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="20785082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785082" title="Cognitive Science Society">
Cognitive Science Society

The Cognitive Science Society is a professional society for the interdisciplinary field of cognitive science. It brings together researchers from many fields who hold the common goal of understanding the nature of the human mind. The society promotes scientific interchange among researchers in disciplines comprising the field of cognitive science, including artificial intelligence, linguistics, anthropology, psychology, neuroscience, philosophy, and education.
Meetings.
The group sponsors the annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society, a meeting which hosts the latest theories and data from cognitive science researchers, for which it also publishes proceedings. The first meeting of the conference was held in 1979 at the University of California, San Diego in La Jolla, California.
In 1979, the society was incorporated as a 501(c)(3) non-profit professional organization in Massachusetts. The organizing committee included Roger Schank, Allan Collins, Donald Norman, and a number of other scholars from psychology, linguistics, computer science, and philosophy. It currently has over 1000 members, including a significant number from countries outside the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20785091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785091" title="Paralaoma servilis">
Paralaoma servilis

Paralaoma servilis is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Punctidae, the dot snails.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20785094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785094" title="Sahelian Goat">
Sahelian Goat

The Sahelian goat breed from West Africa, especially in north and northwest Mali, is used for the production of meat, goatskin, and very rarely milk.

</doc>
<doc id="20785141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785141" title="Akemi Kato">
Akemi Kato

Kato was the oldest participant (33 years, 245 days) in the Japanese Women's Squad at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. She captained the national side since 2005.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20785156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785156" title="The Corps (song)">
The Corps (song)

The Corps is a poetic hymn associated with the United States Military Academy. It is second in importance to only the Academy's "Alma Mater". The words were written by West Point Chaplain, Bishop H.S. Shipman, around 1902. The accompanying music was composed in 1910 specially for the ceremonial closing of the Old Cadet Chapel and opening of the new Cadet Chapel. "The Corps" was first sung on the steps of the Cadet Chapel on 12 June 1910, and became part of the graduation ceremony starting in 1911. Today, "The Corps" is typically sung by the Cadet Glee Club (West Point's choir) in companion to the Alma Mater at alumni gatherings, graduation, memorial ceremonies and funerals.
Lyrics.
The original words to The Corps, as written in 1902 are:
Gender specific lyrics controversy.
In 2008, the Superintendent of the United States Military Academy, LTG Franklin L. Hagenbeck ordered a change to the lyrics of "The Corps" and the "Alma Mater". The change was to remove gender-specific language in both century-old songs, which were both written at the turn of the 20th Century, when the Academy only admitted male cadets. LTG Hagenbeck wrote a letter to the Association of Graduates explaining the reasoning for his decision. Many graduates objected to this alteration of the original and hallowed lyrics of West Point songs, but to no avail. A poll taken of former graduates resulted in a majority of objections, but the Superintendent proceeded to make the changes notwithstanding. 
The changes to The Corps' lyrics were thus:

</doc>
<doc id="20785162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785162" title="Cagni-class submarine">
Cagni-class submarine

The Cagni- or "Ammiraglio Cagni"-class was a class of submarines built for Italy's "Regia Marina" during World War II.
Design.
These submarines were designed as commerce raiders for oceanic operations. They had high endurance and a large torpedo load for extended patrols. A smaller 450 mm torpedo was chosen, rather than the standard 533 mm, as the Italians believed this was adequate to deal with merchant ships. The boats were designed to have the range to sail non-stop from Italy to Kismayu, Italian Somaliland where a new submarine base was to be built. In order to operate in the Indian Ocean Monsoon the submarines were fitted with large conning towers and armed with two 100 mm guns.
The large conning towers were rebuilt to a smaller German style as a result of war experience. The "Ammiraglio Cagni" carried out a 4.5 month patrol in the South Atlantic during 1942-43. The other three boats were used as transport submarines to supply Italian forces in North Africa.
Ships.
All four boats were built by CRDA Monfalcone, laid down in 1939 and completed in 1941
12 more boats were planned for the 1940 and 1941 ship building programmes but were cancelled as a result of the outbreak of World War II
Operational history.
Ammiraglio Cagni.
Her first operational patrols were in the Mediterranean, doing five transport missions and 16 patrols. Her first mission in the Atlantic was of 136 days, sinking the British tanker "Dagomba" and the Greek sloop "Argo" 29 November 1942.
Ammiraglio Cagni was used in two theatres, the Mediterranean and South-Atlantic/Indian Ocean. She made 21 sorties in the Mediterranean, and 2 sorties in the South Atlantic/Indian Ocean in 1942–43.
On 9 September 1943, while on her 2nd Atlantic sortie, she received news of the armistice. She surrendered to the British in Durban on 20 September 1943. HMS "Jasmine" took part in the formal surrender.
Mediterranean Missions:
While under the command of Lieutenant Commander Charles Liannazza, on 15 October 1941, she sailed from Taranto to Bardia, with a cargo of 140 tonnes of fuel cans and ammunition. She returned to Taranto on 22 October, while en route was attacked by guns and depth charges but suffered no damage. She carried out a similar mission on 18 November. She completed further 5 offensive and 16 transport missions.
Atlantic 1st Mission:
On 5 or 6 October 1942, she sailed from La Maddalena to the South-Atlantic for her 1st Atlantic mission, against the convoy "TS 23". She crossed the Strait of Gibraltar on 12 October without any contact. But on 3 November, while submerged at daytime, she attacked and sank a 3,845 GRT British ship "Dagomba". On 29 November, while patrolling off Cape of Good Hope, Africa (in the immediate vicinity of Capetown) she sank the 1,995 GRT Greek ship, "Argo". 
On 3 January 1943, she attempted to re-arm by torpedo transfer on Tazzoli, but failed due to adverse weather conditions. 
But she was successfully fuelled on 13 January, with 45 tonnes of fuel by a German submarine.
On 15 February, in the Bay of Biscay, she was attacked from the air, by bombs and machine-gun fire, that led to the death of Sergeant Gunner Michelangelo Cannistraro.
This single mission (began on 6 October 1942 in Magdalene, and ended on 20 February 1943 in Bordeaux) lasted for 136 days.
Atlantic 2nd Mission (Indian Ocean 1st Mission):
The second and last mission of Cagni began on 29 June 1943 and ended in Durban on 20 September 1943, lasted for over 84 days.
She was commanded by Lieutenant Commander Joseph Roselli Lorenzini on this mission. She had received orders to proceed to Singapore, to attack merchant shipping in the South Atlantic and Indian Ocean, and returned with a load of rubber and tin.
On 17 July 1943, off the Canary Islands, she encountered a steamer of 5,500 GRT of unknown nationality.
On 25 July, she torpedoed the 22,048GT British Armed Merchant Cruiser, HMS "Asturias" (in position 06°52'N; 20°45'W). HMS "Asturias" was thought to have her boilers and machinery spaces flooded, but the badly damaged Armed Merchant Cruiser managed to escape to Freetown, under tow.
On 30 July, Cagni crossed the equator, and on 28 August, she entered into Indian Ocean. 
On 8 or 9 September, while just 1,800 miles from Singapore, she received the news of the armistice and was ordered to make the port of Durban. 
On 20 September, she arrived, was intercepted by HMS "Jasmine" and escorted into Durban, where she formally surrendered to the British.
On 8 November, she left for Taranto, where she arrived on 2 January 1944. 
Located in Palermo, she was used for anti-submarine training activities for Allied planes.
On 10 February 1948, she was decommissioned and later broken up.
Ammiraglio Caracciolo.
On 11 December 1941, she unsuccessfully attacked a British convoy and suffered damage by depth charges and gunfire from the destroyer HMS "Ferndale". She was scuttled to avoid capture. 53 men were rescued - and taken prisoner - by the British destroyer.
Ammiraglio Millo.
Only carried out 8 missions and all were transport operations. On 14 March 1942, returning from patrol in the waters of Malta, she was torpedoed and sunk by the submarine HMS "Ultimatum", with the loss of 57 members of her crew.
Ammiraglio Saint-Bon.
Only carried out 10 mission, all transport operations. She was sunk by the submarine HMS "Upholder" on 5 January 1942; only 3 crewman survived.

</doc>
<doc id="20785168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785168" title="7 Burlington Gardens">
7 Burlington Gardens

7 Burlington Gardens is a Grade II* location of historic English significance, in London, England, United Kingdom. It is the former Queensberry House (not to be confused with the Scottish building of the same name) also called Uxbridge House. 7 Burlington Gardens is now the London flagship store of the American fashion retailer Abercrombie & Fitch.
Location.
The address is in the Mayfair district of London. Although the official address is "7 Burlington Gardens", it is also on Savile Row and Google Maps labels the now A&F location as "42 Savile Row, Westminster, W1S 3QG, United Kingdom". On the side of the building facing Savile Row, a sign reads "Savile Row W1 / City of Westminster". On the facade of the building facing Burlington Gardens, it read "Burlington Gardens W1 / City of Westminster."
History.
1725 to 21st century.
The building was first erected in 1725 as a home. In the subsequent years, there were many additions and alterations to the building. At some point, it was made a branch of the Bank of England and staircases and vaults were added in the interior.
Abercrombie & Fitch.
Abercrombie & Fitch leased the location in 2005. Seldorf Architects were hired to design the location in a way that both the A&F and English cultures could collaborate while maintaining most of the original architecture. Overnight in May, a two story construction wall was erected around the building and was plastered with the usual half-naked men and "Abercrombie & Fitch". The building then underwent an 18-month long restoration project to convert the location into an aspirational flagship. Numerous London buses decorated with A&F imagery (announcing the opening of the flagship) ran throughout London's streets.
When 7 Burlington Gardens opened doors, on 22 March 2008, it generated a volume sales of $280,000 USD in the first six hours. A crowd of people waited outside the building all day. In April 2008, "A&F Quarterly", which was discontinued in 2003 in the USA, was relaunched for the UK. Late 2008, the brand launched a promoting film of the location which is played here.
Today: A Flagship store.
The flagship takes up two floors of sales space within the building. Shirtless store greeters welcome at the entrance. The interior is noticeably dark and on walls hang massive paintings of semi-nude males similar to the Fifth Avenue flagship. Electronic dance music blasts and A&F fragrant scents are in the air. Associates ask the tagline "Hey, what's going on?", are instructed to smile, and supposedly talk shoplifters into buying the item they intended to rob rather than to incriminate them. As in other A&F stores there are the "models", the "impact team", and the "overnighters". There is a dance platform where models are instructed to dance for long periods of time - these are featured in the promotional video.
Associates get an hourly salary of £6.50 while the store greeters receive £7.50. David Beckham entered the flagship shortly after its opening, so "Mail Online UK" reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20785174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785174" title="Montaluce">
Montaluce

Montaluce Winery & Estates is a winery based community in Dahlonega, Georgia, north of Atlanta, USA. It was founded in 2007 by a partnership between Atlanta based Beecham Builders, Greenway Development and Harrison Design Associates and features Tuscan styled architecture. Montaluce's first grapes were crushed in the Fall 2008. Stefano Salvini of Campodelsole Winery in Bertinoro, Italy, is the winemaker. The facility is over on a total of with dedicated to the vineyard and produces Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Malbec, Pinot grigio, Chardonnay and Merlot.

</doc>
<doc id="20785179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785179" title="Somali goat">
Somali goat

The Somali goat is a goat breed from Somalia, Djibouti and northeast Kenya used primarily for the production of meat. The animals have short ears and hair, usually white but sometimes with spots or patches. Both males and females have horns, although females are often polled. The goats are drought tolerant and, when milked, can each yield one to three kilograms of milk daily, even when access to water is limited.

</doc>
<doc id="20785195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785195" title="Clayhidon">
Clayhidon

Clayhidon is a village and parish in East Devon. The parish church is St. Andrews. The parish is in the Blackdown Hills and lies close to the Somerset border. Current information about life in the parish can be found on a community website, launched in March 2011. A parish history is found in the Uffculme library and an old map can be found on the Devon Libraries Local Studies website.

</doc>
<doc id="20785200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785200" title="Rugby union in Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Rugby union in Bosnia and Herzegovina

Rugby union in Bosnia and Herzegovina is a minor sport. They are currently ranked eighty-eighth in the International Rugby Board's world rankings, despite the lack of recognition as an official sport by the government.
History.
Yugoslav period.
Rugby union was a moderately popular sport in Yugoslavia (a name which Serbia retained long after the disintegration of that state). The Rugby Championship of Yugoslavia ran from 1957-1991.
Post independence.
Rugby union in Bosnia and Herzegovina has not been popular historically, but due to its recent international successes, it is gaining more recognition. As of December 2008, more than half of the eight hundred registered players were pre-teens or teenagers. In addition, there are currently eleven domestic clubs that compete against each other on various levels.
In the early 1990s, former Italian cap, Dr Giancarlo Tizanini was a major driving force in Austrian rugby. Before his death in 1994, he tried hard to establish a Central European
equivalent of the Six Nations between Austria, Hungary, Croatia, 
Slovenia and Bosnia.
National team.
The national team has been competing since the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20785213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785213" title="Rie Terazono">
Rie Terazono

Rie Terazono (; born January 31, 1981) is a female field hockey goalkeeper from Japan. She represented her native Asian country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="20785220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785220" title="Fred Chapman (baseball)">
Fred Chapman (baseball)

William Fred Chapman (July 17, 1916 – March 27, 1997) was a professional baseball player. He played parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1939 until 1941, for the Philadelphia Athletics, primarily as a shortstop.

</doc>
<doc id="20785225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785225" title="Anne Kjersti Suvdal">
Anne Kjersti Suvdal

Anne Kjersti Suvdal (born 1987) is a Norwegian team handball player who plays for the club Nordstrand IF. She was a selected to play for the Norway women's national handball team at the European championship in 2006, and became European champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20785226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785226" title="Richard Portes">
Richard Portes

Richard Portes CBE is professor of Economics at London Business School. He is President of the Centre for Economic Policy Research which he founded. and serves as Directeur d'Etudes at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales in Paris.
Background.
He was a Rhodes Scholar and a Fellow of Balliol College, Oxford. He also taught at Princeton University, Harvard University (as a Guggenheim Fellow), was the founder of the Economics Department at Birkbeck College (University of London) in 1972. In 1999-2000, he was the Distinguished Global Visiting Professor at the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley, and in 2003-04 he was Joel Stern Visiting Professor of International Finance at Columbia Business School.
Professor Portes is a Fellow of the Econometric Society and a Fellow of the British Academy. He was the longest serving Secretary-General of the Royal Economic Society (1992–2008) since John Maynard Keynes. He is Co-Chairman of the Board of Economic Policy. He is a member of the Group of Economic Policy Advisers to the President of the European Commission.
Writings.
He has written extensively on sovereign debt, European monetary and financial issues, international capital flows, centrally planned economies and transition, macroeconomic disequilibrium, and European integration. His work on collective action clauses in sovereign bond contracts, on the international role of the euro, on international financial stability and on European bond markets has been directed towards policy as well as academic publications.
Order of the British Empire.
Richard Portes was created CBE in the Queen’s 2003 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="20785246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785246" title="Swedish Landrace">
Swedish Landrace

The Swedish Landrace ("Svensk Lantras") goat breed from northern Sweden is used for the production of milk, which is used to make types of goat cheese.

</doc>
<doc id="20785303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785303" title="Malo pojačaj radio">
Malo pojačaj radio

Malo pojačaj radio is a studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 1981. The album brings a bit more rock-ish sound for Colic who up to this point mostly dabbled in straight pop.
The authors on the record are Đorđe Balašević, Duško Trifunović, Đorđe Novković, and Marina Tucaković.

</doc>
<doc id="20785321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785321" title="Plavitsa River">
Plavitsa River

Plavitsa River () is a river that flows within the basin of the Don River in Voronezh Oblast, Lipetsk Oblast and Tambov Oblast, Russia. The Plavitsa River flows into the Matyra River. 

</doc>
<doc id="20785342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785342" title="List of United States Senators in the 7th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 7th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1801 to March 3, 1803.
The order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term, with senators entering service the same day ranked alphabetically.
The two main parties in the 7th Congress were the Federalists (F), and Democratic Republicans (DR).

</doc>
<doc id="20785374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785374" title="Zhongwei goat">
Zhongwei goat

The Zhongwei goat is a breed of goat from the arid desert steppes of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region and Gansu Province of China. It is used primarily for the production of kid pelts, and secondarily for cashmere fiber.

</doc>
<doc id="20785388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785388" title="Matt Kofler">
Matt Kofler

Matthew Joseph Kofler (August 30, 1959 – December 19, 2008) was an American football player and coach. He was a quarterback in the National Football League from 1982 to 1985, playing for the Buffalo Bills and the Indianapolis Colts. He had been head coach at San Diego Mesa College since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20785418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785418" title="The Taill of Schir Chanticleir and the Foxe">
The Taill of Schir Chanticleir and the Foxe

The Taill of Schir Chanticleir and the Foxe is Fabill 3 of Robert Henryson's cycle of thirteen "Morall Fabillis" composed in Scotland in the later fifteenth century. It is the first of the fabillis in the poem to be based on Reynardian and beast epic sources rather than on any strictly Aesopian original, although the closest match from Aesop might be "The Dog, the Cock and the Fox". 
One of its most direct known sources is Geoffrey Chaucer's "Nun's Priest's Tale" from the "Canterbury Tales" written perhaps around ninety years earlier. It might also be argued that Henryson was acquainted with the earlier extended telling of the story in the Reynard cycle. Chanticleir, for example, has three wives, as in the earlier French romance, where Chaucer gives seven to his Chauntecleer.
Henryson's version was probably composed sometime around the 1480s.
The Fabill.
Schir Lowrence, a fox "full sair hungrie," creeps one morning early into the farmyard which neighbours the "thornie schaw of grit defence" which is "his residence." He stalks Chanticleir, a cockerel owned by a poor wedow highly dependant on her small flock of hens. Pretending he has come to serve Chanticleir, Lowrence uses flattery to praise the bird's voice and trick him into singing on tiptoe with his eyes closed in the manner, supposedly, of his father who he claims also to have served. So close a "freind" ("sic") he was to the bird's father that the tod was present at his death to "hald his heid and gif him drinkis warme ... syne the dirigie quhen that he wes deid." This complex web of flattery and highly ambiguous assurance persuades Chanticleir to perform the foolish act, allowing Lowrence swiftly to "hint him be the throte" and "hy" with him to the wood. 
Hearing the resultant commotion of the flock, the widow discovers the theft and faints. There is then a brief excursus as the three hens in Chanticleir's harem, Pertok, Sprutok and Toppok, deliver rhetorical responses on the loss of their husband. Pertok eulogises the cock and laments his death, but Sprutok counters this with a strong critical condemnation of the cock, advising Pertok simply to forget him now that he is gone; counsel which persuades Pertok to alter her memory of Chanticleir and resolve, before the week is out, to "get ane berne" (man) "suld better claw oure breik" (line 529). Finally Toppok, "lyke ane curate," preaches a "sermon full crous" which pronounces the cockerel's destruction as no more than his just and inevitable reward due to his failure to repent his sexual venality. 
But Chanticleir is not dead yet. The widow, recovering from her swoon, calls on her troupe of dogs to "reskew my nobill cok he be slane." Chanticleir takes the opportunity of the pursuit of the widow's "kennetis" (hounds) and Lowrence's physical exhaustion to persuade the fox "in mynd" (line 556) to turn briefly and assure the dogs that he and the cock are friends. Taken in by this, he opens his mouth to call back enabling Chanticleir to escape into a tree. Lowrence tries a second time to persuade Chanticleir to come to him, but the cock is not fooled twice. Thus Lowrence still goes hungry, while Chanticleir 
What Chanticleir's three wives make of his return is left to the reader's imagination.
Moralitas.
The moralitas opens with an observation that the taill is "overheillit wyth typis figurall" (replete with symbolic meanings). It focusses, however, on one basic message, the sin of pride and the dangers of flattery, expressed in forceful alliterative verse: 
while the foxe, we are told, "may weill" represent flatterers 
(line 602).
Despite the forceful rhethoric, the simplicity of the message is qualified and undercut by the writer's admissions that the full range of readings is more complex. In contrast to the relatively plain statement of the moral to the previous fabill ("The Twa Mice") Henryson is starting to complicate his inferences. We are not to take the narrator's moralitates as a complete picture.
Structure and sources.
The poem makes a human and existential drama out of a simple act of animal predation and ultimately can only be comic or absurd. The first known example of this narrative idea, exploited for full ironic effect in the genre, is Chaucer's mock heroic "Nun's Priest's Tale" which Henryson almost certainly used as a source. Chaucer also featured in his poem a long and profoundly comic set of excursuses on dream prediction delivered by the (well-read) victim of the farmyard crime. Henryson's version, which is shorter and more concise, sticks chiefly to the main action but still maintains the complexity of effect which Chaucer demonstrated was possible. 
The "Talking of the Tod" opens with a short general prologue (two stanzas) which highlights the instinct-led nature of creatures in the animal kingdom while acknowledging their enormous diversity.
A similar set of three verse Romulus stories can be identified in the second half of the poem occupying a position that strongly mirrors the first trio in terms of organisation, though the latter three are not manifestly linked in terms of narrative.
Numbers.
The fabill is 27 stanzas; the moralitas is 4 stanzas: 
The action of the fabill itself can be further broken down thus: 
See also.
The Parson's Tale

</doc>
<doc id="20785421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785421" title="Society for Research in Child Development">
Society for Research in Child Development

The Society for Research in Child Development (SRCD) is a professional society for the field of developmental psychology, focusing specifically on child development. It is a multidisciplinary, not-for-profit, professional association with a membership of approximately 5,500 researchers, practitioners, and human development professionals from over 50 countries. The purposes of the society are to promote multidisciplinary research in the field of human development, to foster the exchange of information among scientists and other professionals of various disciplines, and to encourage applications of research findings.
History.
The field of child development received formal recognition in 1922-23 through the appointment of a subcommittee on Child Development of the National Research Council. In 1925, under the direction of Robert S. Woodworth, an eminent experimental psychologist, this group became the Committee in Child Development with offices and staff in the National Academy of Sciences. The purpose of the committee was to integrate research activities and to stimulate research in child development. The committee awarded fellowships, initiated conferences, and began publications. In 1927, 425 scientists were listed in the Directory of Research in Child Development, and that same year the first volume of "Child Development Abstracts and Bibliography" was published. In 1933, the Committee on Child Development disbanded and passed the torch to the newly organized Society for Research in Child Development (SRCD).
A collection of the organization's records is held at the National Library of Medicine in Bethesda, Maryland. 
Activities.
International activities.
Nearly 20% of SRCD's members are from nations outside the United States, representing over 50 countries around the world. Special efforts are made by the society, through its Committee on International Relations, to increase interaction and communication between members of the society and all researchers in human development throughout the world.
Ethics.
Of great importance to the society is the establishment and maintenance of ethical standards for research with children. The Committee on Ethical Conduct in Child Development Research promulgates such standards.
Diversity.
The society fosters a commitment to research and training in diversity. The Committees on Ethnic and Racial Issues have made progress in improving, increasing, and disseminating research to members.
Social policy.
Under the guidance of the Policy and Communications Committee, the Society helps to bring the results of research to bear on the formulation of policy affecting children and families. One way in which this is done is through the Policy Fellowship Program in Child Development. Begun in 1978, this program is part of a larger fellowship program administered by the American Association for the Advancement of Science. The goals of this program are to contribute to the effective use of scientific knowledge, to educate the scientific community about the development of public policy, and to establish a more effective liaison between scientists and federal offices. Fellows spend a year as aides or associates in various offices in federal agencies, working with staff in the translation of research to applied issues. 
Conference.
In the spring of odd numbered years, the society sponsors the biennial SRCD Conference, a meeting in which members can present individual research reports, symposia, invited lectures, and discussion sessions, among other timely and historical programs. Attendance is typically in excess of 5,000 and includes faculty, students, and other individuals who conduct research on child development.

</doc>
<doc id="20785424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785424" title="Music by the Commons">
Music by the Commons

Music by the Commons is an Early music society which organises regular concerts in Wimbledon, South West London, England. It mainly features music written before 1830.
The music is performed on authentic musical instruments.
Representatives.
The Patron of the society is the Bishop of Southwark. Simon Standage, conductor and violinist, is the president. He regularly plays at concerts organised by the society.
The Society's musical advisors are Catherine Mackintosh, also a violinist, and Robert Woolley, harpsichordist and organist.
History.
The Society was founded by John Waller a Wimbledon resident. It was officially launched in September 1986. The occasion was a concert by Trevor Pinnock, the harpsichordist and conductor. Many other distinguished musicians have played at Music by the Commons concerts, including:
The Society also provides an opportunity for young musicians to perform in public and in so doing encourages interest and research into early music. The society encourages young people and children at local schools to attend the concerts. Children still at school may attend the concerts free.
Organisation.
The society is operated by the following:
Origin of name of the Society.
The name Music by the Commons was chosen because there are 16 commons in Southwest London. Wimbledon Common is the largest. Pest House Common in Richmond, Surrey, is the smallest. The windmill symbol chosen by the society represents the windmill on Wimbledon Common.

</doc>
<doc id="20785437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785437" title="Molecular Frontiers Foundation">
Molecular Frontiers Foundation

The Molecular Frontiers Foundation (MFF) was founded under the auspices of the Nobel Foundation in 2007 by Bengt Nordén, a professor of physical chemistry at Chalmers University of Technology in Sweden and the former chair of the Nobel Committee for Chemistry. Part of the mission of MFF according to Nordén is to counter the "increasingly bad image that chemistry has in society" and the "decreasing interest in science by the young generation.".
The MFF is chaired by the 1999 Chemistry Nobel Laureate Ahmed Zewail and counts eleven Nobel Laureates amongst its 29-member Scientific Advisory Board.
Through its science-discussion website "MoleClues", the MFF awards the yearly "Molecular Frontiers Inquiry Prize" also known as the "kid Nobel" to equal numbers of girls and boys from around the world for asking the most penetrating scientific question. The entries are collected online and judged by the MFF Scientific Advisory Board during the annual Spring MFF Youth Forum in the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in Stockholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20785441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785441" title="Alexander Kedie">
Alexander Kedie

Alexander Kedie (ca 1746 – 1817) was a carpenter and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia.
He was born in Charing Cross, London, England and came to Halifax with Edward Cornwallis in 1749. Kedie moved to Lunenburg and then Mahone Bay. In 1769, he married Ursula Tanner, his second wife. He owned a sawmill. Kedie died at the age of 72 and was buried on March 6, 1817.
His great grandson John Kedy also served in the Nova Scotia assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20785444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785444" title="Indiana's 11th congressional district">
Indiana's 11th congressional district

Indiana's 11th congressional district was a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in Indiana. It was eliminated as a result of the 1980 Census. It was last represented by Andrew Jacobs, Jr. who was redistricted into the 10th District.

</doc>
<doc id="20785446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785446" title="Indiana's 12th congressional district">
Indiana's 12th congressional district

Indiana's 12th congressional district was a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in Indiana. It was eliminated as a result of the 1940 Census. It was last represented by Louis Ludlow who was redistricted into the 11th District.

</doc>
<doc id="20785449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785449" title="Indiana's 13th congressional district">
Indiana's 13th congressional district

Indiana's 13th congressional district was a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in Indiana. It was eliminated as a result of the 1930 Census. It was last represented by Samuel B. Pettengill who was redistricted into the 3rd District.

</doc>
<doc id="20785450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785450" title="Tallahassee Tennis Challenger">
Tallahassee Tennis Challenger

The Tallahassee Tennis Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Forestmeadows Tennis Complex in Tallahassee, Florida, United States, since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20785456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785456" title="Taurus Judge">
Taurus Judge

The Taurus Judge is a five shot revolver designed and produced by Taurus International, chambered for .410 bore shot shells and the .45 Colt cartridge. Taurus promotes the gun as a self-defense tool against carjacking and for home protection. Taurus also produces a Raging Judge UL in seven shot chambered for .45LC//410 (but no .454 Casull ) and the Raging Judge Magnum, six shot chambered for .45LC/.410 2.5" & 3"/454 Casull rounds.
History.
There have been two model number designations for this firearm, the 4410 (no longer produced) and the 4510 (current). Both model numbers are essentially the same revolver, and any 4410 or 4510 will yield basically the same performance. It got its name "The Judge" in 2006 when Bob Morrison, Executive Vice President, learned that judges in high-crime areas of Miami, Florida were purchasing the revolver for personal defense in their courtrooms, and after Morrison investigated further, the model designation was changed from 4410 to 4510 to more accurately reflect the revolver's versatility (.45 Colt + 410 shot → "4510"). Taurus International reports that the Judge is their top-selling firearm.
Though Taurus deliberately designed the Judge to fire shotshells, the Judge does not qualify as a "short-barreled shotgun" under the National Firearms Act of 1934 as its rifled barrel makes it a regular handgun. However, the Judge is considered a short-barreled shotgun under California state law, which has a broader definition of "short-barreled shotgun," and the Judge is thus illegal to possess in that state. The rifling is shallower than normal, giving single-projectile loads less stabilization than they would receive in other handguns while reducing the rapid dispersion of the shot from shotshells. Taurus developed the shallow rifling after numerous experiments to find rifling that worked well with both types of ammunition.
Models.
The Judge, a derivative of the Taurus Tracker, comes in three barrel lengths (3", 4" and 6.5" - Tracker), two cylinder lengths (2.5" and 3"), and two finishes (blued and stainless steel). The 3" barrel model also comes in two weight classes, the standard steel construction (29 oz currently, 36 oz previously) and alloy-based "Ultra-Lite" (22 oz currently, 24 oz previously). Felt recoil can be significant with the Ultra-Lite series, due to its light weight, especially with .45 Colt rounds. As of December 2008, spur-less hammers remain available with all short-barrel lengths of The Judge. Crimson Trace laser grips are available for standard models of this firearm.
At the Shooting, Hunting, Outdoor Trade Show and Conference (SHOT Show) of January 2009, Taurus introduced several new members of the Judge family. These have been labeled the Public Defender series and are based on the Taurus Model 85 frame. As with the original Judge, these also shoot five rounds of either .45 Colt or .410 shot. Taurus is positioning the Public Defender series as a concealed carry piece. Taurus also introduced the tactical R Ported. The Taurus 4510TKR-3SSR (stainless steel) and 4510TKR-3BR (blued) offer a 3″ ported barrel with a Picatinny rail.
In 2010 Taurus introduced the Raging Judge which is chambered for .454 Casull as well .45 Colt and 3" .410 shot shells.
In 2011 at SHOT in Las Vegas, Taurus introduced the Raging Judge XXVIII chambered for 28 gauge shot shells. After much confusion of whether or not the Raging Judge 28 would be considered an ATF regulated firearm, Taurus International President and CEO Bob Morrison stated that the Taurus Raging Judge XXVIII would be available in the U.S. sometime in late 2012. 
Effectiveness.
Shot shells in .410 bore are not considered especially effective in personal defense; for instance, there are only three (2" shell) or five (3" shell) pellets in 000 buckshot, a common defense round; this compared to nine in the more common 12 gauge shell. However as of 2008 Taurus has addressed this concern with the release of the Judge Magnum which can fire 3" shot shells. The 3" shot shell 000 buckshot version contains 5 pellets, which makes it more effective as a self-defense round.
Federal offers ammo specifically designed for the Judge. The 2" 000 Buckshot contains 4 pellets. While the Judge's cylinder bore is adequate for higher-powered single-projectile loadings such as the .44 Magnum or .454 Casull, the gun is not designed for the high chamber pressures that these cartridges generate and thus could explode if they are used with it. To prevent this, the cylinder bores are choked to prevent successful chambering of rounds larger in diameter than the .410 shotshell and longer than the .45 Colt.
Taurus introduced the Raging Judge Magnum based on their Raging Bull model to address this issue; the Raging Judge Magnum safely chambers .454 Casull as well as .45 Colt cartidges.
Carbine.
Taurus has also manufactured a carbine variant of the Taurus Judge revolver along with its Australian partner company, Rossi. The weapon is known as the "Taurus/Rossi Circuit Judge". It comes in the original combination chambering of .410 bore and .45 Long Colt, as well as the .44 Remington Magnum chambering. The rifle has small blast shields attached to the cylinder to protect the shooter from hot gases escaping between the cylinder and barrel.

</doc>
<doc id="20785460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785460" title="United States presidential election in Maryland, 2008">
United States presidential election in Maryland, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Maryland took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Maryland was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 25.4% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The Old Line State has voted for the Democratic presidential candidate of every election since 1992. In 2008, Obama easily captured the state's 10 electoral votes in a landslide victory, winning 61.92% of the popular vote to Republican John McCain's 36.47%. It was Obama's best performance in a southern state.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Obama won every single pre-election poll, each by a double digit margin of victory and at least 51% of the vote. The final 3 polls averaged Obama leading 54% to 38%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $3,439,120 in the state. Barack Obama raised $19,091,136.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $257,582 while McCain spent nothing. Both tickets visited the state once.
Analysis.
Maryland has supported the Democratic nominee in each of the last five presidential elections by an average margin of 15.4%. In 1980, it was one of only six states to vote for Democrat Jimmy Carter over Republican Ronald Reagan. It has only supported a Republican five times since Truman--the Republican landslides of 1952, 1956, 1972, 1984 and 1988. 
Maryland is often among the Democratic nominees' best states. In 1992, Bill Clinton fared better in Maryland than any other state except his home state of Arkansas. In 1996, Maryland was Clinton's sixth best, in 2000 Maryland ranked fourth for Al Gore and in 2004 John Kerry showed his fifth best performance in Maryland.
Republican presidential candidates typically win more counties by running up huge margins in western Maryland and the Eastern Shore. However, they are usually swamped by the heavily Democratic Baltimore-Washington, D.C. axis, which casts almost 75 percent of the state's vote. The state's four largest county-level jurisdictions--Montgomery, Prince George's and Baltimore counties and the City of Baltimore—are strongly Democratic. These areas, which contain 1.5 million voters combined, make it extremely difficult for a Republican to win Maryland. Even in bad years for Democrats, a Republican usually has to run the table in the rest of the state and win either Montgomery, Prince George's or Baltimore counties to have a realistic chance of carrying the state. In 1984, for instance, Ronald Reagan only carried Maryland by crushing Walter Mondale in Baltimore County and narrowly winning Prince George's. In 1988, George H. W. Bush ran up a 42,300-vote margin in Baltimore County over Michael Dukakis--almost 85 percent of his statewide margin of 49,800 votes.
The 2008 election was no exception. Barack Obama won the state's 10 electoral votes in 2008 with 61.92% of the vote to John McCain's 36.47%. Obama carried Montgomery, Prince George's, Baltimore County and Baltimore City with 71.6%, 88.9%, 56.2 and 87.2% of the vote, respectively. Obama's combined 550,000-vote margin in these four areas would have been enough to carry the state. While McCain won more counties, the only large county he won was Anne Arundel County, home to the state capital, Annapolis.
Both of Maryland's U.S. Senators and seven of its eight U.S. Representatives in Congress are Democrats, and Democrats hold supermajorities in the state Senate and House of Delegates. The state has elected only five Republican governors since 1900.
U.S. Representative Steny Hoyer, a Democrat who represents Maryland's 5th Congressional District, was elected as House Majority Leader for the 110th Congress of the U.S. House of Representatives and 111th Congress, serving in that post since January 2007.
While Maryland is a Democratic Party stronghold, its best known political figure is perhaps a Republican – former Governor Spiro Agnew, who served as Vice President under Richard M. Nixon. He was Vice President from 1969 to 1973, when he resigned in the aftermath of revelations that he had taken bribes while he was Governor of Maryland. In late 1973, a court found Agnew guilty of violating tax laws.
In 2008, Democrats picked up a U.S. House an open seat in Maryland's 1st Congressional District as Democrat Frank M. Kratovil, Jr. defeated Republican Andy Harris by less than a 1-percent margin of victory.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Barack Obama carried six of Maryland’s eight congressional districts, all held by Democrats. John McCain carried two congressional districts, the only one held by a Republican and one that was won by a Democrat in 2008.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Maryland cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Maryland is allocated 10 electors because it has 8 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 10 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 10 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 10 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20785462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785462" title="Zalawadi">
Zalawadi

The Zalawadi goat breed from the Surendranagar and Rajkot regions of Gujarat in India is used for the production of milk, meat, and fiber. Zalawadi goats compromise 27.8% of the goat population in Surendranagar. The goats are also known by the local name Tara Bakari.
Physical Description.
A long legged type of goat. Coat is predominantly black with speckled ears. Horns are upward and backward pointing corkscrews with drooping, leaf-shaped ears.
Statistics.
Milk yield = 2.02±0.18kg in 197.2±5.8d of lactation with an average productive life of 5-6 lactations. The birth rate is 55% twins and 2% triplets.

</doc>
<doc id="20785487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785487" title="Peter Walker (cricketer, born 1952)">
Peter Walker (cricketer, born 1952)

Peter Walker (born 20 August 1952) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Devon. He was born in Stretford.
Walker, who played in the Minor Counties Championship for Devon between 1974 and 1978, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1978 Gillette Cup. From the lower-middle order, he scored 2 runs, and took figures of 0-40 from twelve overs of bowling.
In 1980, Walker played in the Minor Counties Championship for Bedfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20785488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785488" title="John Tolliday">
John Tolliday

John Tolliday (born 14 December 1947) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Devon. He was born in Exeter.
Tolliday, who made his Minor Counties Championship debut for the team in the 1967 season, made two List A appearances in the Gillette Cup, the first in 1978 and the second the following year.
Having scored a duck from the opening order in his debut, he was moved slightly down the order in his second match, in which he scored 10 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20785489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785489" title="Richard Twose">
Richard Twose

Richard Twose (born 10 January 1963) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Devon. He was born in Torquay.
Twose, who made his debut for Devon in the Minor Counties Championship in 1985, made his only List A appearance in the 1988 NatWest Trophy, against Nottinghamshire. He scored a single run in the match, and conceded 14 runs from a single over of bowling.
Twose's brother, Roger, played Test cricket for New Zealand, his uncle, Roger Tolchard, played Test cricket for England, and his uncles Jeffrey and Ray, played first-class and List A cricket for Leicestershire and Devon respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20785490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785490" title="Martyn Goulding">
Martyn Goulding

Martyn Goulding (born 31 July 1954) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Devon. He was born in Westminster.
Goulding represented Devon for the first time in the Minor Counties Championship in 1974. Despite making seven appearances in the Gillette Cup and NatWest Trophy between 1978 and 1985, Goulding played in only three innings, from the tailend of the batting order.
Goulding scored no runs during his List A career, bowling 67.1 overs, and taking career-best figures of 5-21 against Cornwall.
Goulding made a single appearance for Gloucestershire Second XI in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20785491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785491" title="Christopher Melhuish">
Christopher Melhuish

Christopher Melhuish (born 6 January 1955) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Devon. He was born in Exeter.
Melhuish, who played for Devon in the Minor Counties Championship between 1981 and 1986, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1983 NatWest Trophy. From the upper-middle order, he scored 4 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20785498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785498" title="KSVE">
KSVE

KSVE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20785521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785521" title="Imperial Choice">
Imperial Choice

Imperial Choice (foaled 1982 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by E. P. Taylor at his Windfields Farm, his dam was Your My Choice, whose sire Barachois was a son of the 20th Century's most important sire, Northern Dancer. His sire was Gregorian, a son of the outstanding runner Graustark whose career was cut short by injury.
In a year when Imperial Choice won major Canadian races in British Columbia, Albeerta, and Ontario, he ran second in both the 1985 Queen's Plate and the Breeders' Stakes at Toronto's Woodbine Racetrack but in between, won the Prince of Wales Stakes at the Fort Erie Racetrack. Imperial Choice's performances earned him the 1985 Sovereign Award for Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse, the Sovereign Award for Champion Male Turf Horse, and Canadian Horse of the Year honors.

</doc>
<doc id="20785534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785534" title="John Olver (coach)">
John Olver (coach)

John Olver (born August 3, 1958) is a Canadian ice hockey player and coach known for his league championship teams in the West Coast Hockey League and ECHL.
A right wing, from 1975 to 1977 Olver was a member of the junior league Kelowna Buckaroos. He played college hockey at the University of Michigan. Although he was drafted in the 8th round of the 1978 NHL Amateur Draft by the Colorado Rockies, he never played at the professional level.
Olver began his coaching career in 1981 as an assistant with the New Westminster Royals. He took his first head coaching job in 1984 with the junior league Langley Eagles (now Westside Warriors).
Olver's first professional head coaching job came in 1995 with the West Coast Hockey League Fresno Falcons, but he left the team after only one season. In 1997 Olver took the head coaching position with the expansion WCHL Tacoma Sabercats. Olver led the Sabercats to the league finals in both his seasons with the team, winning the WCHL championship in 1998-99.
After a year away from coaching, in 2000 Olver became head coach of his third WCHL team, the Idaho Steelheads. Olver remained with the Steelheads for five seasons, leading them to the WCHL finals in 2000-01 and 2001-02. Olver remained with the team when it moved from the WCHL to the ECHL in 2003. He coached Idaho to the ECHL Kelly Cup championship in 2004.
Since leaving the Steelheads in 2005 Olver has served as an assistant coach at Northern Michigan University.
He is currently the coach for the Idaho Jr. Steelheads Hockey team in the Western States Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20785560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785560" title="St. Patrick's Catholic School (Elkhorn, Nebraska)">
St. Patrick's Catholic School (Elkhorn, Nebraska)

St. Patrick’s Catholic School in Elkhorn, Nebraska is an accredited Catholic school and part of the Archdiocese of Omaha. 
Located in Western Douglas County in Nebraska, Elkhorn is a suburb of the City of Omaha.
All students in Kindergarten through 8th grades take courses in the core subjects of religion, maths, reading, English, science, and social studies, as well as Spanish, music, physical education and art. 
Mr. Don Ridder is the first and present Principal of St. Patrick's Catholic School, which opened in 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="20785561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785561" title="Solar photonics">
Solar photonics

Solar photonics is a science on the boundary between photonics/optical communication and solar energy. Basically the idea is to distribute solar energy though optical fibres or other photonic guides (liquids). The term is first found in the work by a research team at the Department of Solar Energy and Environmental Physics at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel:
Examples mentioned in the referred publication are solar surgery, concentration of photonic power generation and solar photonics for nanotechnology.
Research topics.
Optical fibres are not designed to the given conditions. Research will have to find solutions to enable high power light transmission through optical fibres and other devices (e.g. liquids).
Applications.
Potential applications of solar photonics are indoor natural lighting, improved solar power, and solar chemistry.

</doc>
<doc id="20785562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785562" title="Randy L. Bott">
Randy L. Bott

Randy L. Bott (born 1945 in Northern Utah) was an American professor of religion at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah, United States. He taught classes on missionary preparation and the Doctrine and Covenants, and wrote LDS doctrinal and motivational literature. In 2008 Bott was the top-ranked professor in the US on ranking website Ratemyprofessors.com. Bott retired from BYU in June 2012 not long after controversy about remarks he made to the media.
Biography.
Education and personal life.
After earning a B.S. in psychology from Utah State University, Bott earned a M.S. in education from the same university and an Ed.D. from BYU in 1988. Bott also speaks Samoan.
Bott is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and has served in various capacities for the church, including bishop, high councilor, stake presidency counselor (twice), and as a mission president in Fresno, California. Bott married Vickie Pehrson in September 1969. They had three boys and three girls, and became the grandparents of eight children.
Professional life.
Bott said in 2008 that he spent four to six hours every day answering phone calls and e-mails from his students, which "enables him to have a more personal touch with the students he teaches". At the beginning of every class, he also invites students to ask any question they wish about missionary life, LDS Church doctrine, and personal comportment. Bott's tests, which he calls "celebrations", are open-note, open-book. In 2008, Bott taught 3,149 students at BYU, which is more than 10 percent of the university's student body.
In 2008 Bott was the highest rated professor in the United States on the website Ratemyprofessors.com.
It was announced in March 2012 that Bott would be leaving his teaching post at BYU to serve as a senior missionary with his wife.
"Washington Post" article.
In February 2012 Bott was quoted in a "Washington Post" article about the LDS Church's stand on race. In the article Bott referred to former church teachings and practices, speculating on possible underlying reasons for a ban on ordaining people of black African descent to the LDS priesthood. Whether Bott's reasons for denying ordination to black men prior to 1978 were ever official LDS doctrine or merely folk belief, as some LDS maintain, is disputed. Bott said that one possible reason for the ban was the belief that black people descended from Cain through Egyptus, who married Ham, Noah's son. Bott pointed to a passage in Mormon scripture that suggested to him that Cain's descendants were marked with dark skin and were prohibited from holding the priesthood. Before the priesthood ban was lifted in 1978, some Latter-day Saint leaders had made similar statements. However, the 1978 revelation which lifted the ban said nothing about the reasons for the ban. 
On February 29, 2012, the LDS Church issued a press release in response to the Post article, saying that the reasons for the ban are not precisely known, and condemning racism in any form. Then, in December 2013, the LDS Church posted a page on "Race and the Priesthood" on its official website that described the ban on blacks receiving the priesthood as a product of an "American racial culture," not "divine disfavor." The statement formally disavowed the past teachings that sought to create doctrinal justifications for the ban:
Today, the Church disavows the theories advanced in the past that black skin is a sign of divine disfavor or curse, or that it reflects actions in a premortal life; that mixed-race marriages are a sin; or that blacks or people of any other race or ethnicity are inferior in any way to anyone else. Church leaders today unequivocally condemn all racism, past and present, in any form.
Works.
Bott has authored and co-authored books on missionary preparation, LDS Church doctrine, application of doctrine to life, and the writings of Joseph Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20785564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785564" title="Western University (Kansas)">
Western University (Kansas)

Western University (Kansas) (1865–1943) was a historically black college (HBCU) established in 1865 as the Quindaro Freedman's School at Quindaro, Kansas after the Civil War. The earliest school for African Americans west of the Mississippi River, it was the only one to operate in the state of Kansas.
In the first three decades of the 20th century, its music school was recognized nationally as one of the best. The Jackson Jubilee Singers toured from 1907-1940, and appeared on the Chautaqua circuit. Among the university's most notable alumni were several women who were influential music pioneers in the early 20th century, including Eva Jessye, who created her own choir and collaborated with major artists such as Virgil Thomson and George Gershwin in New York City. Nora Douglas Holt was a composer, music critic and performer who toured in Europe as well as the United States. Etta Moten Barnett became known for singing the lead in "Porgy and Bess" in revival and on tour.
Expanded around the start of the 20th century with an industrial department modeled after Booker T. Washington's Tuskegee Institute, the university served African Americans for several generations. It struggled financially during the Great Depression, as did many colleges, and finally closed in 1943. None of its buildings are still standing.
History.
The first classes of what became Western University were started by Eben Blachley in his home in 1862, who taught the children of freedmen. Most of the homesites of Quindaro were on the bluff; the port's commercial district was in the bottomland near the level of the Missouri River below the bluffs. The area of the Quindaro settlement was annexed by Kansas City in the early 20th century.
The town had been started in 1856 by abolitionists, Wyandot, free blacks and settlers from the New England Emigrant Aid Company. The latter had come from Massachusetts and other northeast states to help Kansas become a free rather than slave state - a question to be settled by its voters. They started construction of buildings in January 1857 and a hundred were built in the first year. As a stop on the Underground Railroad, Quindaro absorbed escaped slaves before the Civil War and many contraband, especially from Missouri, during the war.
After the war, a committee of white men in the community, former abolitionists, organized a school to educate freedmen who had resettled in Quindaro and the Kansas City area. In 1865 the committee registered their county charter for what they called Quindaro Freedman's School. In 1867 the state legislature approved funds for the school.
In 1872 the state increased funding to establish a four-year normal school curriculum for the training of teachers. Charles Henry Langston, a prominent activist and politician (and the future grandfather of poet Langston Hughes), was named principal of the normal school. Freedmen and blacks free before the war believed that education was key for advancement of their race.
State financial difficulties caused it to reduce support following the Panic of 1873, and the school had to reduce its enrollment. Blachley continued to support it, bequeathing of land in the 1870s to help support the college that had developed from his first classes. In the 1880s, Exodusters and other migrants added significantly to the African-American population in Kansas. The college began to be active again.
In the late 19th century, the African Methodist Episcopal (AME) Conference began to help provide financial support for the school. Quindaro added a theological course and constructed Ward Hall in 1891 to accommodate it; the hall was named after a bishop of the AME Church. In 1890 the expanded college's first African-American president was appointed.
Programs.
In 1896 William Tecumseh Vernon, a young AME minister, was appointed as president. He worked to increase state funding. In 1899 he gained legislative approval and financial support to add industrial education to the college, which prompted building numerous structures for the new classes, as well as dormitories. Industrial courses were on the model of Booker T. Washington's Tuskegee Institute: commercial business courses, drafting, printing, carpentry, and tailoring; later, blacksmithing and wheelwrighting were added to prepare students with desired skills for making a living. The campus was expanded with training buildings to house livestock, and another for a laundry. Later a building was added for teaching auto mechanics and repair. A central steam plant was added, as were additional dormitories.
The music school was developed after 1903 by Robert G. Jackson, who created the Jackson Jubilee Singers. From 1907 to 1940, the group was extremely popular. It toured the United States and Canada, performing on the Chautaqua circuit, where it helped create goodwill and raise money for the college through fundraising. In addition, the group's studies and performances helped preserve the spirituals of African-American tradition.
The late historian and Western alumnus Orrin McKinley Murray, Sr. wrote about the Jackson Jubilee Singers in his 1960 book "The Rise and Fall of Western University":
"So great was their success in rendering spirituals and the advertising of the music department of Western University, that all young people who had any type of musical ambition decided to go to Western University at Quindaro."
The music school's most famous alumni were women who became influential pioneers of the 20th century in composition and music performance, including choral conducting. They included Nora Douglas Holt, Eva Jessye, and Etta Moten Barnett. Nora Holt was a composer, music critic and performer in the US and Europe. Eva Jessye went to New York and founded her own choir, which was featured in her collaboration with composer Virgil Thomson and writer Gertrude Stein on "Four Saints in Three Acts." She was selected by George Gershwin as his choral director for his opera "Porgy and Bess". Moten Barnett was a singer who made "Bess," of "Porgy and Bess," a signature role after performing it in the Broadway revival and on tour.
In the early 20th century, Western University was lauded for its outstanding music program. 
"Western University at Quindaro, Kansas, was probably the earliest black school west of the Mississippi and the best black musical training center in the Midwest for almost thirty years during the 1900s through the 1920s."
Closing.
The Great Depression reduced available financial support, and the university faced increasing competition to attract students. Finally Western University closed in 1943.
Nothing but cornerstones of the earliest two halls still exist at the townsite. Some buildings were lost to fire, others to demolition as the sites were redeveloped. The last historic structures remaining were three faculty houses, which were demolished near the end of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20785573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785573" title="Henry Ferguson (politician)">
Henry Ferguson (politician)

Henry Ferguson (died 1777) was a baker, trader and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia.
Ferguson was named a justice of the peace for Lunenburg County in 1767. He was named an inspector (surveyor) of pickled fish in 1754. Ferguson was buried in Halifax on June 25, 1777.

</doc>
<doc id="20785576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785576" title="Ralf Gyllenhammar">
Ralf Gyllenhammar

Ralf Gyllenhammar, born 1966, is the Grammis award winning lead guitarist and vocalist of Swedish hard rock band Mustasch as well as the presenter at the Swedish TV channel TV7. He was also the singer of Swedish rock band B-Thong with which he released one album, "From Strength to Strength" in 1997, shortly before the band's breakup. In 2007 his work with "Klipptoppen" also earned him an award as the best "Alternative presenter of the year". Gyllenhammar was also one of several guest artists on the double disc soundtrack for the Swedish drama series "Upp Till Kamp". Currently Gyllenhammar is endorsed by Schecter guitars which he tunes to Drop C tuning and Blackstar Amplification.
Gyllenhammar took part in Melodifestivalen 2013 with the song "Bed on Fire", in a bid to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013. He sang in the semi-final 4 held on 23 February 2013 and came 1st/2nd, thus qualifying directly to the final on 9 March 2013. The song is co-written by him and David Wilhelmsson.

</doc>
<doc id="20785585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785585" title="The Nancy Walker Show">
The Nancy Walker Show

The Nancy Walker Show is an American situation comedy which aired on ABC from September 30, 1976 until December 23, 1976. The series, produced by Norman Lear, was a starring vehicle provided to Nancy Walker after she gained a new-found television following as both maid Mildred on NBC's "McMillan & Wife" and as Ida Morgenstern, mother of Rhoda Morgenstern (Valerie Harper), on CBS' "Rhoda"; these roles had been preceded by a long, successful career in Broadway and movies.
Synopsis.
Walker portrayed Nancy Kitteridge, owner of the Nancy Kitteridge Talent Agency in Los Angeles, who led a life that many would find enviable. Nancy operated her agency from her fancy apartment suite, which housed a stream of actors, models, and other showbiz hopefuls who came to Nancy to get advice and their big break; that is, if they weren't famous already. She was happily married, but her husband of 29 years, Lt. Commander Kenneth Kitteridge (William Daniels) was stationed out with the U.S. Navy ten months out of the year, leaving Nancy even more time to devote to her career and all the exciting perks and adventures of a high society Los Angeles life. During the two months that Ken was home, he and Nancy found themselves as newlyweds madly in love. Nancy and Ken had a grown daughter, slow-witted hypochondriac Lorraine (Beverly Archer), who lived nearby with her new husband, Glen (James Cromwell). Although Nancy was hardly lonely when Ken was away, she did have regular male company at home and work (which were practically the same) in unemployed actor and client Terry Folson (Ken Olfson), who was living with his agent while paying room and board as Nancy's secretary. Nancy never had to worry about anything more developing between them, since Terry was gay.
However, all this happiness was soon marred when unexpectedly, Ken decided to come home full-time and work locally, primarily to make up for nearly three decades of lost time and devotion to Nancy. Nancy would have been delighted, if it weren't for the fact that Ken insisted on bringing Navy-style order and discipline into her life, while suggesting that other changes be made that would better accommodate "him". Needless to say, Nancy was aghast, and their fast repartee and squabbles were a centerpiece of the comedy. While the two often sparred over Ken's prim conduct, Ken also went as far as trying to throw Terry out of their home (he was "deadwood" in Ken's eyes), and at one point suggested to Nancy that she close down the talent agency so that they could have enough time to spend together. Lorraine and Glen often dropped by to help them sort their disagreements out.
Also seen were hot-shot network TV executive Teddy Futterman (William Schallert), who met with Nancy whenever one of her clients had a shot at further stardom, and Futterman's precocious young son, Michael (Sparky Marcus).
Notability.
"The Nancy Walker Show" was one of TV's earliest portrayals of homosexuality, with the character of Terry Folson. The public was not surprised that innovative producer Norman Lear would for once provide the viewing landscape with a gay character, regularly, in a TV series (since it was still rare and uncharted at the time), considering that Lear had been the first to introduce virginal topics such as racism, class structure, menopause, abortion, and the like within a traditional sitcom format. However, at least one American TV series had preceded "The Nancy Walker Show" with a regular character who was gay; the 1972-73 ABC sitcom "The Corner Bar" was the first in TV history to have one, with Vincent Schiavelli's bar patron Peter Panama.
When Nancy Walker signed on to star in this series, her new contract with ABC permitted her to quickly join another existing project before the 1976-77 season ended if "The Nancy Walker Show" was cancelled after a very short run. ABC did, indeed, drop the series after 10 episodes, and Walker was quickly hired by Garry Marshall to star in his upcoming sitcom "Blansky's Beauties", a spin-off from his top-rated "Happy Days". Production on the new series started so soon that "Blansky's Beauties" premiered on February 12, 1977, only less than two months after the cancellation and last broadcast of "The Nancy Walker Show". Walker also had time to film a guest appearance as her new character, Nancy Blansky (who, like Nancy Kitteridge in her previous series, also worked in showbiz) on an episode of "Happy Days" in order to validate "Blansky's" as a spin-off of the former.
"Blansky's Beauties" also failed in the ratings, and was cancelled in the spring of 1977. Thus, Walker is one of the few actors in television to have starred in two failed vehicles in the same season (Walker's "Blansky's Beauties" co-star, Pat Morita, also earned this distinction in the 1976-77 season, having headlined his own short-lived ABC sitcom, "Mr. T and Tina", in the fall of 1976, before the launch of "Blansky's"). After her infamous season at ABC, Walker returned to her popular role as Ida Morgenstern on "Rhoda" in the fall of 1977.
Connections to other Norman Lear series.
Two cast members of "The Nancy Walker Show" worked with Norman Lear more than once in their careers. James Cromwell was previously seen as Stretch Cunningham, a poker buddy of Archie Bunker's, in a number of episodes of "All in the Family" during 1974 (Cromwell's character had only been referred to in the scripts during the show's first few seasons before he finally appeared on-screen). Child actor Sparky Marcus would be cast in Lear's controversial soap opera parody "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman" soon after the cancellation of "The Nancy Walker Show".
References.
Brooks, Tim and Marsh, Earle, "The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows

</doc>
<doc id="20785592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785592" title="Kogon, Uzbekistan">
Kogon, Uzbekistan

Kogon (; ) is a town and seat of Kogon District in Bukhara Province in Uzbekistan.
The city is a railway station Bukhara-1, serving the city of Bukhara, which is located 10 km from Kogon. In 1990 started construction of long-distance trolleybus lines Bukhara - Kogon, but later construction was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="20785596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785596" title="Francisco Benante">
Francisco Benante

Francisco Benante (born 1954?) is a politician in Guinea-Bissau and a member of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC). He was President of PAIGC from 1999 to 2002 and President of the National People's Assembly of Guinea-Bissau from 2004 to 2008.
Benante is a lawyer by profession. In the government of national unity formed in the midst of the Guinea-Bissau Civil War, Benante was chosen as Minister of Defense by the junta in January 1999. He was the only civilian member of the junta. Following the ouster of President Nino Vieira (who was also President of PAIGC) in May 1999, Benante, as the leader of reformists within PAIGC, was elected as the President of PAIGC on 9 September 1999, at the end of a party congress. Benante's candidacy was supported by the junta, and he received 174 votes against 133 votes for the only opposing candidate.
Following an alleged coup attempt against President Kumba Yala on 2 December 2001, Benante said that soldiers searched his home for no reason on 3 December. The opposition questioned the existence of this coup attempt, and Benante demanded that concrete evidence be presented. Carlos Gomes Júnior was elected to replace Benante as PAIGC President at a party congress in January–February 2002.
In the March 2004 parliamentary election, Benante was elected to the National People's Assembly. He was then a candidate for the post of President of the National People's Assembly and was endorsed in a vote held by the PAIGC Central Committee in April 2004; he received 106 votes against 71 votes for PAIGC First Vice-President Aristides Gomes and 63 for PAIGC campaign director Soares Sambu.
Prior to the November 2008 parliamentary election, Benante urged President Vieira not to dissolve the National People's Assembly or appoint a new government in a discussion on 4 August 2008, citing the proximity of the election. In the election, Benante was re-elected to the National People's Assembly as a PAIGC candidate in the 21st constituency, Cacheu e Sao Domingos. Following the election, at a meeting of the PAIGC Central Committee on 6 December 2008, PAIGC Second Vice-President Raimundo Pereira was elected as the party's candidate for the post of President of the National People's Assembly, defeating Benante and Hélder Proença. Benante criticized the outcome, arguing that the voting method used by the Central Committee was illegal. Pereira was officially elected as President of the National People's Assembly when the newly elected deputies met later in the month, succeeding Benante.

</doc>
<doc id="20785597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785597" title="Calochortus elegans">
Calochortus elegans

Calochortus elegans is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name elegant Mariposa lily and cat's ear. It is native to the western United States from northern California to Montana. It is a perennial herb producing a slender, generally unbranched stem up to 15 centimeters in height. The basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and does not wither at flowering. The inflorescence bears 1 to 7 erect bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three sepals and three petals with very hairy inner surfaces and edges. Each petal is greenish white in color with a purple crescent above a hairless patch at the base. The fruit is a winged capsule about 2 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20785600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785600" title="2004 Stella Artois Championships">
2004 Stella Artois Championships

The 2004 Stella Artois Championships was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Queen's Club in London in the United Kingdom and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. It was the 102nd edition of the tournament and was held from June 7 through June 13, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20785615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785615" title="List of monster movies">
List of monster movies

This is a list of monster movies, about such creatures as extraterrestrial aliens, giant animals, Kaiju (the Japanese counterpart of giant animals, but they can also be machines and plants), mutants, supernatural creatures, or creatures from folklore, such as Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster. These movies usually fall into the science fiction, fantasy and/or horror genres.

</doc>
<doc id="20785617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785617" title="White Shorthaired">
White Shorthaired

The White Shorthaired goat is a dairy breed from the Czech Republic. It is the result of selective breeding of native Czech landrace goats crossed with Swiss Saanen goats.

</doc>
<doc id="20785626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785626" title="Shawneetown Bridge">
Shawneetown Bridge

The Shawneetown Bridge is a cantilever truss bridge carrying Kentucky Route 56 and Illinois Route 13 across the Ohio River. The bridge connects Old Shawneetown, Illinois to rural Union County, Kentucky. The Shawneetown Bridge was featured in a scene in the movie U.S. Marshals. The movie's crash scene was filmed several miles downstream in Pope County, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20785629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785629" title="The Mark Levin Show">
The Mark Levin Show

The Mark Levin Show is a talk radio show hosted by Mark Levin. It is currently the fourth most listened-to talk radio show. The radio show is a nationally broadcast program with over 8.5 million listeners.
History.
Levin began his radio hosting career in 2002 as a Sunday afternoon host on WABC. WABC assigned Levin to fill in starting on June 16, 2003 after the station dropped "The Savage Nation" on the 7–9 p.m. timeslot weeknights. On September 2, 2003, his show moved to the 6–7 p.m. timeslot on WABC. Levin's WABC program expanded to 2 hours starting May 17, 2004.
On January 30, 2006, Cumulus Media Networks (formerly known as Citadel Media and ABC Radio Networks) began syndicating "The Mark Levin Show" nationally. Initially, Cumulus expanded the program to three other stations, including WMAL in Levin's local Washington Metropolitan Area. On February 2, 2009, the program expanded to 3 hours (6–9 p.m. ET).
"The Mark Levin Show" can be heard on over 150 stations and the SIRIUS XM Patriot channel. Levin's show has been rated number one in its time slot in New York, Chicago, Detroit, Dallas–Fort Worth and Washington, D.C.. According to "Talkers Magazine," "The Mark Levin Show" is one of the most-listened to radio talk shows, with more than 8.5 million listeners weekly.
Format.
His radio show, a mix of political and social commentary from a conservative point of view, covers legal issues in some detail, including decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. Levin follows the traditional talk radio model of taking listener calls throughout the show. 
Levin uses his own on-air jargon, some of which he invented and some of which he popularized. He is notable for nicknames or pejoratives punning the names of liberal politicians, activist organizations, television personalities and shows, and newspapers. A montage of these nicknames used to be used as a promotional lead-in during the show.
Some names include:
Each show opens announcing that the show originates from "somewhere under the brick and steel of a non-descript building." Levin explains that he broadcasts his show from the basement of his home instead of a radio studio. Also used is the line, "We once again make contact with our leader...", which is a homage to Boris & Natasha from Rocky and Bullwinkle.
Criticism.
Levin's show has garnered some criticism, including from former president George W. Bush speechwriter David Frum, for being too aggressive and negative in his analysis. 

</doc>
<doc id="20785657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785657" title="Robert Campbell (Nova Scotia politician)">
Robert Campbell (Nova Scotia politician)

Robert Campbell (1718 – January 3, 1775) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia and represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1770 to 1775.
He came to Halifax in 1749 with Edward Cornwallis. Campbell was among those who petitioned for the establishment of representative government for Nova Scotia in 1757.

</doc>
<doc id="20785668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785668" title="West African Dwarf">
West African Dwarf

The West African Dwarf goat breed from coastal West and Central Africa is the progenitor of the African Pygmy and Nigerian Dwarf breeds in the United States, and the Dutch Dwarf and Pygmy goat breeds in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20785673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785673" title="2003 Stella Artois Championships">
2003 Stella Artois Championships

The 2003 Stella Artois Championships was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Queen's Club in London in England and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. It was the 101st edition of the tournament and was held from June 9 through June 15, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20785684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785684" title="Tomasz Jasiński">
Tomasz Jasiński

Tomasz Jasiński (born 1951) is a Polish historian, dean of the History Department at the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań. He specializes in medieval history of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20785691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785691" title="John Hodgkins">
John Hodgkins

John Hodgkins DD (died 1560) was an English suffragan bishop.
Educated at Cambridge, Hodgkins was appointed Bishop of Bedford under the provisions of the Suffragan Bishops Act 1534 in 1537 and held the post until 1560 (although he was deprived of his roles by Queen Mary 1554–1559). From 1527 he was the Provincial of the English Dominicans and Prior of Sudbury.

</doc>
<doc id="20785692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785692" title="Georgia Wonder">
Georgia Wonder

Georgia Wonder is an English folk rock duo comprising Stephanie Grant (vocals) and Julian Moore (music). The name of the band originates from a vaudeville act that used to tour the US during the late 19th century.
They describe their music as The Carpenters driving Tom Petty to an R.E.M. gig but getting crushed under the wheels of Pink Floyd's tour bus while arguing over whether to listen to 'Love Shack' by The B-52's or 'Go Your Own Way' by Fleetwood Mac.
History.
Awards and achievements.
Their song "Girl You Never Knew", taken from their debut "Hello Stranger" EP was named “Song Of The Day” by Popjustice on 6 August 2008 who said it was "one "Grey's Anatomy" soundtrack appearance away from being an international hit single."
It also claimed “Song Of The Day” on 29 August 2008 and “Song Of The Week” for the week of August 29 on the Record Of The Day website, who called it "a simple, restrained, haunting ballad which sounds classic but not dated".
Radio.
Georgia Wonder’s first BBC radio appearance was on "whispering" Bob Harris's BBC Radio 2 show on 27 January 2007 when he played the track ‘Hello Stranger’. He followed this up by playing their unreleased track ‘Two Weeks To Live’ during the following show on 3 February 2007.
They have also performed live on BBC Radio Solent and BBC Southern Counties Radio.
Tours and appearances.
Georgia Wonder supported Simply Red’s Mick Hucknall on the UK leg of his 2008 tour, and performed at the London American Embassy on US election night 2008. They also played at the American Ambassador's house in Regents Park, London for Independence Day celebrations 2009.
Other.
In January 2009, Georgia Wonder released their EP, Hello Stranger, onto file sharing sites and quickly entered the top twenty "most shared" songs on The Pirate Bay.
They were nominated for an Interactive Music Award for their 'Hello Stranger' CD campaign in 2009 

</doc>
<doc id="20785693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785693" title="Johann Friedrich Doles">
Johann Friedrich Doles

Johann Friedrich Doles (23 April 1715 – 8 February 1797) was a German composer and pupil of J.S. Bach.
Doles was born in Steinbach-Hallenberg. He attended the University of Leipzig. He was Kantor at the Leipzig Thomasschule, conducting the Thomanerchor from 1756 to 1789; in that year (1789) he directed the performance of Bach's motet "Singet dem Herrn ein neues Lied" that reportedly made such a deep impression on Mozart. Doles wrote a manuscript treatise on singing which may preserve some elements of Bach's own methods.

</doc>
<doc id="20785706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785706" title="Verata (goat breed)">
Verata (goat breed)

The Verata goat breed from Vera, Caceres, Spain is used for the production of meat and milk. The Verata Goat has been known to be fairly easy to handle; they are popular in the dairy and meat industries because of that, and the fact that they can adapt well to the different management systems. They have been known to be very hardy, and can survive in many temperatures. They are best adapted to the mountain pastures because they have strong, long legs, and they can also survive on poor and scarce feed. More information on this breed can be found on sites like Central Pets.
The Verata Goat is smaller than the average goat, and found in their homes in the Vera in the Caceres region of Spain. They are especially valued for their milk there. Their milk is used in cheese production. Currently, there is approximately 17000 existing Verata Goats inhabiting in Spain. Generally speaking, these goats are found in herds of 100 to 150 goats. They have been known to be relatively easy to care for because of their adaptive skills, and the fact that they are extremely hardy. When graze is scarce, these goats do well on concentrated feed in the stable environments as well.
When they are mature, these goats will generally reach a height of approximately 70 centimeters, and will weigh an average of 70 kilograms as well; the does are a bit shorter and lighter than the males. These goats have glossy, short hair in either black or brown. They usually have a black facial fringe, a black underbelly, and a black dorsal ridge. They have horns that go outward, and spiral forward, and well-sprung ribs. They have an erect tail; Beards are prominent on the males, and about 40% of the females will also have prominent beards. They also have dark, hard hooves. The legs of these goats look rather small; thus, the joints look significantly larger.
The Verata Goats are able to breed year round, but breeders and farmers will usually breed them in October and November and again in the spring, sometime around March. They have a high fertility rate, and under good condition, the Verata Goats can have an average of three births every two years. Lactation period usually lasts around 175 days, and they will yield around 150 liters of milk. Kids that have reached around 45 days old can be slaughtered for their meat.

</doc>
<doc id="20785709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785709" title="Calochortus excavatus">
Calochortus excavatus

Calochortus excavatus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Inyo County star-tulip. It is endemic to California, where it is known from several reduced and threatened populations in Mono and Inyo Counties. It occupies grassy habitat in alkaline scrub alongside "Atriplex" and other playa flora. The main threat to its existence is loss of local groundwater. This is a perennial herb growing a slender, unbranched stem to about 30 centimeters in maximum height. The inflorescence bears 1 to 6 erect bell-shaped flowers in a close cluster. Each flower has three sepals which lack spotting and three white petals. The petals may have green striping on their outer surfaces and generally have a red-purple blotch at the base. The anthers are reddish or purple. 

</doc>
<doc id="20785719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785719" title="Melanie Clewlow">
Melanie Clewlow

Melanie ("Mel") Clewlow (born 7 May 1976 in Dover, Kent) is an English field hockey international, who was a member of the England and Great Britain women's field hockey team during the late 1990s and 2000s.
References.
<br>
Plays for Canterbury women

</doc>
<doc id="20785746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785746" title="Valais Blackneck">
Valais Blackneck

The Valais Blackneck goat breed from southern Switzerland is utilized for the production of meat and milk. It is characterized by black forequarters and white hindquarters and long hair.
Also Known by: Valaisan a col noir, Walliser Schwarzhals, Schwarzweisse Walliser Sattelziege, Vallesana del collo nero, Vallese, Chevre des Glaciers, Valais Blackthroat, Viege 
A meat and dairy breed found in southwestern Switzerland, the Valais Blackneck has black forequarters and white hindquarters and long hair. 
There is also an Italian strain, called "Vallesana", with the line of separation between black and white parts situated more cranially than the Swiss strain, that is just behind the olecranus. The Italian strain is actually very reduced in number.
Further reading.
Mason, I.L. 1996. A World Dictionary of Livestock Breeds, Types and Varieties. Fourth Edition. C.A.B International. 273 pp.
Dr Alberto Zorloni, Ethiopia

</doc>
<doc id="20785764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785764" title="Black Sunday (storm)">
Black Sunday (storm)

Black Sunday refers to a particularly severe dust storm that took place on April 14, 1935, as part of the Dust Bowl. It was one of the worst dust storms in American history and it caused immense economic and agricultural damage. It is estimated to have displaced 300 thousand tons of topsoil from the Prairie area in the US. 
On the afternoon of April 14 the residents of the plains States were forced to take cover as a dust storm, or "black blizzard", blew through the region. The storm hit the eastern Oklahoma panhandle and northwestern Oklahoma first, and moved south for the remainder of the day. It hit Beaver around 4 p.m., Boise City around 5:15 p.m., and Amarillo at 7:20 p.m. The conditions were the most severe in the Texas and Oklahoma panhandles, but the storm's effects were felt in other surrounding areas.
The storm was harsh due to the high winds that hit the area that day. Along with the drought, erosion, and the unanchored soil, the winds caused the dust to fly freely and at high speeds.
The Dust Bowl.
In North America the term "Dust Bowl" typically has one of two meanings, depending on the reference and subject. In some sources the expression refers to the series of dust storms that hit the prairies of Canada and the United States during the 1930s. In other sources the term "Dust Bowl" describes the area in the United States that was most affected by the storms, including western Kansas, eastern Colorado, northeastern New Mexico, and the Oklahoma and Texas panhandles. 
The "black blizzards" started in the Eastern states in 1930, affecting the agriculture from Maine to Arkansas, and by 1934 they had reached The Great Plains from North Dakota to Texas and from the Mississippi River Valley to the Rocky Mountains. The Dust Bowl received its name following the disastrous storm in April 1935, Black Sunday, after Robert L. Geiger, a reporter, was covering an account of the storm and referred to the region as "The Dust Bowl."
Causes.
The massive drought that hit the United States in the 1930s caused a lack of rainfall, snowfall, and moisture in the air, drying out the top soil in most of the country's farming regions. In addition, over-farming had left the soil dehydrated and overused. 
The lack of natural grass and shrubs to anchor the soil exacerbated the problem. Cattle farming and sheep ranching had left the ground devoid of natural vegetation.
Effects.
The destruction caused by the dust storms, and especially by the storm on Black Sunday, caused hundreds of thousands of people to relocate. Poor migrants from the American Southwest (known as "Okies" - though only about 20 percent were from Oklahoma) flooded California, overtaxing the state's health and employment infrastructure. 
In 1935, after the massive damage caused by these storms, Congress passed the Soil Conservation Act, which established the Soil Conservation Service (SCS) as a permanent agency of the USDA. The SCS was created in an attempt to provide guidance for land owners and land users to reduce soil erosion, improve forest and field land and conserve and develop natural resources.
Personal accounts of Black Sunday and dust storms.
During the 1930s, many residents of the Dust Bowl kept accounts and journals of their life and of the storms that hit their area. Collections of accounts of the dust storms during the 1930s have been compiled over the years and are now available in book collections and online. 
Lawrence Svobida was a wheat farmer in Kansas during the 1930s. He experienced the period of dust storms, and the effect that they had on the surrounding environment and the society. His observations and feelings are available in his memoirs, "Farming the Dust Bowl". Here he describes an approaching dust storm: 
The Black Sunday storm is detailed in the 2012 Ken Burns PBS documentary "The Dust Bowl".
Media references.
Musicians and songwriters began to reflect the Dust Bowl and the events of the 1930s in their music. Woody Guthrie, a singer/songwriter from Oklahoma, wrote a variety of songs documenting his experiences living during the era of dust storms. One of his songs, "Great Dust Storm", describes the events of Black Sunday. An excerpt of the lyrics follows:
"On the 14th day of April of 1935,
"There struck the worst of dust storms that ever filled the sky.
"You could see that dust storm comin', the cloud looked deathlike black,
"And through our mighty nation, it left a dreadful track.
"From Oklahoma City to the Arizona line,
"Dakota and Nebraska to the lazy Rio Grande,
"It fell across our city like a curtain of black rolled down,
"We thought it was our judgement, we thought it was our doom.

</doc>
<doc id="20785768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785768" title="Convention People's Party of Nigeria and the Cameroons">
Convention People's Party of Nigeria and the Cameroons

The Convention People's Party of Nigeria and the Cameroons was a political party in Nigeria. Habib Raji Abdallah was the president of the party, and Osita C. Agwuna was the general secretary.
The party emerged from the People's Revolutionary Committee, a short-lived socialist formation that had been founded in mid-1951. The PRC had been dissolved in September 1951, as the organization passed through internal strife. The PRC was later replaced by the National Preparatory Committee, which in turn transformed itself into the Convention People's Party of Nigeria and the Cameroons.
The party tried to establish ties with the Convention People's Party in the Gold Coast, but were seemingly unsuccessful. The party disappeared soon thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20785778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785778" title="International Association for the Study of Child Language">
International Association for the Study of Child Language

The International Association for the Study of Child Language (IASCL) is an academic society for first language acquisition researchers. It was founded in 1970 by a group of prominent language acquisition researchers to promote international and interdisciplinary cooperation in the study of child language. Its major activity is the sponsorship of the triennial International Congress for the Study of Child Language, for which it publishes proceedings. It also publishes the Child Language Bulletin approximately twice a year.

</doc>
<doc id="20785781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785781" title="Uzbek Black">
Uzbek Black

The Uzbek goat breed from Uzbekistan is used for the production of mohair.

</doc>
<doc id="20785792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785792" title="The Bridge to Nowhere (novel)">
The Bridge to Nowhere (novel)

The Bridge to Nowhere is a young adult novel by the American writer Megan McDonald.
Based on an actual incident in 1964, its protagonist is Hallie, a Pittsburgh seventh-grader coping with, among other things, the mental depression of her laid off father, an iron worker. A never-completed bridge across the Allegheny River is a constant reminder that his vocation is gone and this fact prompts a spectacular dramatic act.

</doc>
<doc id="20785798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785798" title="Lea Manor High School">
Lea Manor High School

Lea Manor High School Performing Arts College is a secondary school in Luton, Bedfordshire which opened in 1974. The most recent OFSTED Inspection Report graded the school as "Good" with good capacity to improve further. The school was awarded with Performing Arts specialism in 2007.
Performing Arts Specialism.
Lea Manor High School is a specialised Performing Arts college, dedicated to showing off the talent in each of its students. Each year, the school performs numerous musicals or plays which include "We Will Rock You", "Anything Goes", "Oliver!", "Grease", "Annie", "The Wizard Of Oz", "Billy Elliot" and was the first school in Bedfordshire to successfully perform "The Diary of Anne Frank".
The specialism has funded many school trips to West End Theatres to see shows such as "The Lion King", "Chicago", "The Woman In Black" and "Wicked".
Building Schools For The Future Programme.
Currently, Lea Manor High School is undergoing building and refurbishing work under the government's Building Schools for the Future Programme (BSF) and is one of the first schools in Luton to be transformed. The building firm Wates Group won the contract to rebuild or remodel every secondary school in Luton. The school will be more student-friendly and modern, including a brand new community libruary and community theatre which will become the biggest in Luton.
Phase one of the remodelling has been completed and was opened to students in Autumn 2009. This phase included state-of-the-art technology rooms and three new science laboratories.
Furthermore, in April 2010, the first section of phase two opened which included a Science 'Heart Space' with six laboratories leading off from it. The space is used as a flexible teaching area and has new Apple Inc. iMacs, interactive whiteboards and a plasma TV.
In May 2010, the Adult Education facilities relocated from the existing building to its brand new area in the new school.
Due to delays, it is predicted that the second part of phase two of the remodelling will open in September 2010, ready for the new school year. This will see the opening of Lea Manor's newly constructed entrance, dining facilities, community theatre, music studios and drama rooms.
Headboy/Headgirl election 2009.
For the 2009/2010 school year, Lea Manor High School decided to select a Headboy and a Headgirl through a student and staff ballot vote after a campaign by candidates. This included a leaflet and poster campaign, speeches in assemblies and speaking to students. Candidates were also visited by North Luton MP Kelvin Hopkins who gave the students some tips on how to present themselves and their ideas.
Normandy School Trip Incident.
Whilst on a school trip, 4 students and 2 members of staff fell ill with Swine Flu, resulting in the trip to be cut short and for them to return to England. The party were told to wear masks and draw the curtains on the coach because "the French would have been shocked by it". The four pupils and two staff affected are said to have recovered quickly.
R.E GCSE error Incident.
Between September 2009 and May 2010 students in year 10 were taught the wrong modules for their RE GCSE exam which took place in late May 2010. Luton Borough Council said in a statement: "This was as a result of human error for which the member of staff concerned takes full responsibility."
Once the error was spotted by a pupil, all of the students were given a two-day 'crash course' in the modules they were supposed to be studying. One parent said "Crash course, it was more like a car crash. You can't teach nine months syllabus in two days. It's impossible!".

</doc>
<doc id="20785803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785803" title="Jalpaiguri Sadar subdivision">
Jalpaiguri Sadar subdivision

Jalpaiguri Sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the Jalpaiguri district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Jalpaiguri and Dhupguri municipalities and four community development blocks: Jalpaiguri, Mainaguri, Dhupguri and Rajganj. The four blocks contain 62 gram panchayats and three census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Jalpaiguri. Siliguri municipal corporation, which lies mainly in Darjeeling district, has 14 out of 47 wards located in this subdivision. 
Area.
Apart from the Jalpaiguri and Dhupguri municipalities, the subdivision contains three census towns and rural areas of 62 gram panchayats under four community development blocks: Jalpaiguri, Mainaguri, Dhupguri and Rajganj. The three census towns are: Mainaguri, Banarhat Tea Garden and Gairkata. During Census 2001, Dhupguri was a census town, but it was promoted to a municipality in 2001.
Blocks.
Jalpaiguri block.
Rural area under Jalpaiguri block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Arabinda, Boalmari–Nandanpur, Kharija–Barubari–I, Paharpur, Bahadur, South Berubari, Kharija–Berubari–II, Patkata, Baropatia Nutanabos, Garalbari, Mondalghat, Belakoba, Kharia and Nagar Berubari. There is no urban area under this block. Jalpaiguri police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Jalpaiguri.
Mainaguri block.
Rural area under Mainaguri block consists of 16 gram panchayats, viz. Amguri, Domohoni–I, Madhabdanga–I, Padamoti–II, Barnis, Domohoni–II, Madhabdanga–II, Ramshai, Churabhandar, Khagrabari–I, Maynaguri, Saptibari–I, Dharmapur, Khagrabari–II, Padamoti–I and Saptibari–II. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Mainaguri. Maynaguri police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mainaguri.
Dhupguri block.
Rural area under Dhupguri block consists of 16 gram panchayats, viz. Banarhat–I, Salbari–I, Jharaltagram–I, Sakoyajhora–II, Banarhat–II, Salbari–II, Jharaltagram–II, Barogharia, Gadhearkuthi, Magurmari–I, Binnaguri, Godong–I, Magurmari–II, Chamurchi, Godong–II, Sakoyajhora–I. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Banarhat Tea Garden and Gairkata. Dhupguri and Banarhat police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Dhupguri.
Rajganj block.
Rural area under Rajganj block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Binnaguri, Fulbari–I, Majhiali, Sannyasikata, Dabgram–I, Fulbari–II, Mantadari, Sikarpur, Dabgram–II, Kukurjan, Panikauri and Sukhani. There is no urban area under this block. Bhaktinagar and Rajganj police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rajganj.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the area under the two gram panchayats of Binnaguri and Sakoyajhora–I under the Dhupguri block will be part of the Madarihat assembly constituency of West Bengal. Twelve gram panchayats under Dhupguri block, viz. Banarhat–I, Salbari–I, Jharaltagram–I, Sakoyajhora–II, Salbari–II, Jharaltagram–II, Barogharia, Gadhearkuthi, Magurmari–I, Godong–I, Magurmari–II and Godong–II will form the Dhupguri assembly constituency. The other two gram panchayats Chamurchi and Banarhat–II under Dhupguri block will be part of Nagrakata assembly constituency. The Mainaguri block will form the Mainaguri assembly constituency. The Jalpaiguri municipality and ten gram panchayats of Jalpaiguri block, viz. Arabinda, Bahadur, Boalmari–Nandanpur, Garalbari, Kharia, Kharija–Barubari–I, Kharija–Berubari–II, Mondalghat, Nagar Berubari and South Berubari will form the Jalpaiguri assembly constituency. The other four gram panchayats of the Jalpaiguri block, viz. Paharpur, Patkata, Baropatia Nutanabos and Belakoba will form the Rajganj assembly constituency along with eight gram panchayats of Rajganj block, viz. Binnaguri, Kukurjan, Majhiali, Mantadari, Panikauri, Sannyasikata, Sikarpur and Sukhani. The other four gram panchayats of Rajganj block, viz. Fulbari–I, Dabgram–I, Fulbari–II and Dabgram–II will form the Dabgram–Fulbari assembly constituency along with the ward no. 31 to 44 of Siliguri municipal corporation, which are part of this subdivision. Madarihat and Nagrakata constituencies will be reserved for Scheduled tribes (ST) candidates. Dhupguri, Mainaguri, Jalpaiguri and Rajganj constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. Madarihat and Nagrakata assembly constituencies will be part of Alipurduars (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for ST candidates. All the other five assembly constituencies will be part of Jalpaiguri (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20785809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785809" title="Rappa Mundi">
Rappa Mundi

Rappa Mundi is the second album by Brazilian band O Rappa. It was produced by Arnolpho Lima Filho (Liminha). It is distributed through Warner Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20785826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785826" title="Sentence word">
Sentence word

A sentence word (also called a one-word sentence) is a single word that forms a full sentence. 
Henry Sweet described sentence words as "a variety of words which have the peculiarity of always forming a sentence by themselves" and gave words such as "Come!", "John!", "Alas!", "Yes." and "No." as examples of sentence words. The Dutch linguist J. M. Hoogvliet described sentence words as "volzinwoorden". They were also noted in 1891 by Georg von der Gabelentz, whose observations were extensively elaborated by Hoogvliet in 1903 and he does not list "Yes." and "No." as sentence words. Wegener called sentence words "Wortsätze".
Single-word utterances and child language acquisition.
One of the predominant questions concerning children and language acquisition deals with the relation between the perception and the production of a child's word usage. It is difficult to understand what a child understands about the words that they are using and what the desired outcome or goal of the utterance should be. 
Holophrases are defined as a "single-word utterance which is used by a child to express more than one meaning usually attributed to that single word by adults."The holophrastic hypothesis argues that children use single words to refer to different meanings in the same way an adult would represent those meanings by using an entire sentence or phrase. There are two opposing hypotheses as to whether holophrases are structural or functional in children. The two hypotheses are outlined below. 
Structural holophrastic hypothesis.
The structural version argues that children’s “single word utterances are implicit expressions of syntactic and semantic structural relations.” There are three arguments used to account for the structural version of the holophrastic hypothesis: The comprehension argument, the temporal proximity argument, and the progressive acquisition argument.
The usage of 'Daddy' and 'Bai' used in close proximity are seen to represent a child's knowledge of linguistic relations; in this case the relation is the 'possessive'. This argument is seen as having insufficient evidence as it is possible that the child is only switching from one way to conceptualize pants to another. It is also pointed out that if the child had knowledge of linguistic relationships between words, then the child would combine the words together, instead of using them separately.
Functional holophrastic hypothesis.
Functionalists doubt whether children really have structural knowledge, and argue that children rely on gestures to carry meaning (such as declarative, interrogative, exclamative or vocative). There are three arguments used to account for the functional version of the holophrastic hypothesis: The intonation argument, the gesture argument, and the predication argument.
Single-word utterances and adult usage.
While children use sentence words as a default strategy due to lack of syntax and lexicon, adults tend to use sentence words in a more specialized way, generally in a specific context or to convey a certain meaning. Because of this distinction, single word utterances in children are called 'holophrases', while in adults, they are called 'sentence words'. In both the child and adult use of sentence words, context is very important and relative to the word chosen, and the intended meaning.
Sentence word formation.
Many sentence words have formed from the process of devaluation and semantic erosion. Various phrases in various languages have devolved into the words for "yes" and "no" (which can be found discussed in detail in yes and no), and these include expletive sentence words such as "Well!" and the French word "Ben!" (a parallel to "Bien!").
However, not all word sentences suffer from this loss of lexical meaning. A subset of sentence words, which Fonagy calls "nominal phrases", exist that retain their lexical meaning. These exist in Uralic languages, and are the remainders of an archaic syntax wherein there were no explicit markers for nouns and verbs. An example of this is the Hungarian language "Fecske!", which transliterates as "Swallow!", but which has to be idiomatically translated with multiple words "Look! A swallow!" for rendering the proper meaning of the original, which to a native Hungarian speaker is neither elliptical nor emphatic. Such nominal phrase word sentences occur in English as well, particularly in telegraphese or as the rôte questions that are posed to fill in form data (e.g. "Name?", "Age?").
Sentence word syntax.
A sentence word involves invisible covert syntax and visible overt syntax. The invisible section or "covert" is the syntax that is removed in order to form a one word sentence. The visible section or "overt" is the syntax that still remains in a sentence word. Within sentence word syntax there are 4 different clause-types: Declarative (making a declaration), exclamative (making an exclamation), vocative (relating to a noun), and imperative (a command). 
The words in bold above demonstrate that in the overt syntax structures, there are words that can be omitted in order to form a covert sentence word.
Distribution cross-linguistically.
Other languages use sentence words as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="20785833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785833" title="Chuck Hartlieb">
Chuck Hartlieb

Chuck Hartlieb (born Charles Gregory Hartlieb, March 12, 1966) is a former American football quarterback. He played college football for the Iowa Hawkeyes from 1984–1988 and started at that position from 1987–1988. He was a high school standout at Marian Central Catholic High School in Woodstock, Illinois, where he was named the 1983 Courier News Player of the Year.
Hartlieb emerged as the Hawkeyes' starting quarterback in 1987, winning the job from Dan McGwire. He passed for 3,092 yards and 19 touchdowns en route to a 9–3 record and a 20–19 victory over Wyoming in the 1987 Holiday Bowl. His 7 passing touchdowns against Northwestern remain a school record.
In 1988, Hartlieb set school records for passes attempted (460), completions (288), and yards gained (3,738). Perhaps his greatest performance came on October 29, 1988, against Indiana. Hartlieb went 44/60 for 558 yards in a losing effort. The Hawkeyes finished with a record of 6–4–3 and lost to North Carolina State in the 1988 Peach Bowl.
Hartlieb was named First Team All-Big Ten and Academic All-American in 1987 and 1988. He played in the postseason all-star Hula Bowl and the Japan Bowl. He was drafted by the Houston Oilers in 1989, but did not play. His brother Jim also played football at Iowa.
Today Hartlieb works as a financial planner in Des Moines.

</doc>
<doc id="20785841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785841" title="Heed (cat)">
Heed (cat)

Heed is a munchkin cat who lives in California, and is listed as "The World's Smallest Cat" in the latest book of "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" series. His mother "Momo" is a munchkin and his father "Bullwinkle" was an average sized cat. The gene is an achrondroplasia variable that is being studied at UC Davis.

</doc>
<doc id="20785864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785864" title="Thuringian goat">
Thuringian goat


</doc>
<doc id="20785866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785866" title="On a Wound by Premeditation">
On a Wound by Premeditation

On a Wound by Premeditation is a speech by Lysias, one of the "Canon of Ten" Attic orators (Speech 4 in Lamb's translation).

</doc>
<doc id="20785868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785868" title="Maung Shwe">
Maung Shwe

B. L. Goenka, better known as Maung Shwe ( ) is the son of Vipassana expert S. N. Goenka and head of the Hindu Central Board in Myanmar. He attended Myoma High School in Yangon.He also is the Chairman of Myanmar-India Merchants' Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20785879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785879" title="Frank Hiller">
Frank Hiller

Frank Walter Hiller (July 13, 1920 – January 8, 1987) was an American professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from to for the New York Giants, Chicago Cubs, New York Yankees and Cincinnati Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="20785883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785883" title="Stridulum">
Stridulum

Stridulum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20785887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785887" title="Economic Botany">
Economic Botany

Economic Botany is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all aspects of economic botany. The editor-in-chief is Robert A. Voeks (California State University, Fullerton). The journal was established in 1947 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the New York Botanical Garden Press on behalf of the Society for Economic Botany.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.604.

</doc>
<doc id="20785906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785906" title="Gertrude Welcker">
Gertrude Welcker

Gertrude Welcker (16 July 1896 – 1 August 1988) was a German silent film actress who appeared in films between 1917 and 1925.
Welcker was born in Dresden, Germany. Not much is known about her life after 1925. She died in Danderyd-Stockholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20785920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785920" title="Chesa Boudin">
Chesa Boudin

Chesa Boudin (born 21 August 1980) is an American lawyer, writer, and lecturer specializing in the U.S. criminal justice system and Latin American policy.
Early life and family history.
Boudin was born on 21 August 1980 in New York, New York. His parents, Kathy Boudin and David Gilbert, were Weather Underground members.
When Boudin was 14 months old, his parents were arrested for their role as getaway car drivers in the Brink's robbery of 1981 in Rockland County, New York.
His mother was sentenced to 20 years to life and his father to 75 years to life for the felony murders of two police officers and a security guard. After his parents were incarcerated, Boudin was raised by "adoptive parents" Bill Ayers and Bernardine Dohrn.
Kathy Boudin was released under parole supervision in 2003.
Boudin descends from a long left-wing lineage. His great-great-uncle, Louis B. Boudin, was a Marxist theoretician and author of a two-volume history of the Supreme Court's influence on American government, and his grandfather, Leonard Boudin, was an attorney who represented controversial clients such as Fidel Castro and Paul Robeson. Boudin is also related to Michael Boudin, a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, and I.F. Stone, an independent journalist.
Education.
Boudin graduated from the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools in 1999. In 2003, he graduated from Yale University with a B.A. in History. He spent his junior year abroad at the University of Chile in Santiago, Chile funded by a Rotary International Ambassadorial Scholarship.
Boudin went to Oxford University on a 2003 Rhodes Scholarship. At Oxford, he earned two master's degrees, one in Forced Migration and the other in Public Policy in Latin America. He graduated from Yale Law School in 2011. 
Career.
Law.
After law school, Boudin clerked on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit for the Honorable M. Margaret McKeown. He was a 2012-2013 Liman Fellow at the San Francisco Public Defender.
Lecturer.
He lectures in English and Spanish internationally on topics including the criminal justice system, impact of parental incarceration, and Latin American politics. He has contributed to "The Nation" magazine and other periodicals.
Writer.
Boudin translated "Understanding the Bolivarian Revolution: Hugo Chavez Speaks with Marta Harnecker" into English (Monthly Review Press, 2005), co-edited "Letters From Young Activists: Today's Young Rebels Speak Out", (Nation Books, 2005), and co-wrote "The Venezuelan Revolution: 100 Questions – 100 Answers" (Thunder's Mouth Press, 2006). His latest book, "Gringo: A Coming of Age in Latin America", was released in April 2009 from Scribner, an imprint of Simon & Schuster. The book received reviews in several national papers including the "New York Times", the "Washington Post", and the "San Francisco Chronicle". The "Times" wrote that Boudin's "prose sounds more than anything like a college admissions essay" that "belongs in a yoga magazine, not between hard covers." The "Post" called the book a "mind-numbing rant" with "nothing passionate, incandescent or even remotely revelatory." According to the review, the "typically uninspired" book "reveals a remarkable lack of sophistication, both as an argument against free-market imperialism and as a work of travel journalism."
More recently, he authored a range of scholarly articles published in law journals such as the "Yale Law Journal", on disclosure in elections under the First Amendment, Journal of Criminal Law and Criminology on the rights of children with incarcerated parents, Harvard Latino Law Review on immigrant labor organizing, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20785923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785923" title="Al-Hijrah School">
Al-Hijrah School

Al-Hijrah School is a voluntary-aided Islamic secondary school based in the Bordesley Green area of Birmingham, England. It is a specialist Science College with approximately 285 pupils aged 11–16.
History.
The school was established by the Al-Hijrah Trust, a charitable organisation that was formed in Birmingham by a group of Muslims led by Mohammad Abdul Karim Saqib on July 17, 1988. The school started in Birmingham Central Mosque, operating in three rented rooms. In 1990, the school moved to new premises at Midland House in Small Heath and, throughout the 1990s, the school continued to grow. In 1997, the Trust acquired the former Cherrywood Grammar School in Bordesley Green premises from the Birmingham Local Education Authority. The purpose-built school building was constructed in 1912 and housed the grammar school, which eventually became a comprehensive school until the buildings were closed in 1994. The building remained empty until it was purchased and an extensive renovation programme funded by the Trust commenced. The new school buildings were opened to pupils on September 1, 1999. In autumn 2001, the school ceased being a private school and received voluntary-aided school status.
Pupils.
The 285 pupils are split into separate male and female classes. 75% of pupils are of the Pakistani ethnic minority group. The school receives over 1,000 applications for 60 places, making it the most over-subscribed school in the United Kingdom.
Future.
The school has continued to grow and exceeded its sponsorship target of £30,000 in 2008 for small schools, received £58,000. Due to the success of the school, they are now searching for new premises to allow the school to expand.

</doc>
<doc id="20785930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785930" title="Tauernsheck">
Tauernsheck


</doc>
<doc id="20785934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785934" title="Chris Rea discography">
Chris Rea discography

The discography of British pop rock singer Chris Rea consists of 23 studio albums, 11 compilation albums, 1 live album, 1 soundtrack album and 72 hit singles.
Discography.
Singles.
GER http://www.musicline.de/de/chartverfolgung_summary/artist/Rea%2CChris/single?sort=entry
http://www.musicline.de/de/chartverfolgung_summary/artist/Chris+Rea/single?sort=entry

</doc>
<doc id="20785943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785943" title="Norman Neasom">
Norman Neasom

Norman Neasom RWS, RBSA (7 November 1915 – 22 February 2010) was an English painter and art teacher. He grew up on Birchensale Farm in Brockhill Lane on the outskirts of Redditch, Worcestershire. On finishing his schooling at Redditch County High School, aged 16, he was given a scholarship at the Birmingham College of Art where, from 1931, he worked under Bernard Fleetwood-Walker, Harold Holden, Henry Sands, Michael Fletcher and William Colley.
During World War II, his work on the family farm was a reserved occupation, though he did undertake St John's Ambulance and Civil Defence duties. He also briefly worked in London, for journals such as Punch.
After World War II he took up lecturing at the Birmingham College of Art. He also taught at the Bournville Art College and at Aston, and later in 1953 moved to Redditch School of Art. On the death of the then principal the School became part of Redditch College with Neasom becoming Head of Department. In 1979 he retired in order to devote all his time to painting, and became a member of the Royal Watercolour Society.
Neasom exhibited at the Royal Academy, The Royal Watercolour Society, Royal Birmingham Society of Artists (RBSA), Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery, The Mall Gallery, Chris Beetles Gallery and the Stratford Art Society. His work is to be found in the permanent collections of the Queen, The Queen Mother, Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery, Royal Watercolour Society, Royal Birmingham Society of Artists and the West Midlands Arts Council.
He produced the illustrations for more than 40 books. His work has been used on the cover of "Reader's Digest".
After retirement, he drew and published historical maps.
He was commissioned by the Royal Watercolour Society to paint pictures as a 70th birthday gift for Queen Elizabeth II and a 100th birthday gift for Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother.
An avid sailor, he designed his own sailing dinghy and built nearly 200 boats.
A number of his letters, including a hand-written autobiography, are in the archives of the RBSA.

</doc>
<doc id="20785947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785947" title="Objectivity (philosophy)">
Objectivity (philosophy)

Objectivity is a central philosophical concept, related to reality and truth, which has been variously defined by sources. Generally, objectivity means the state or quality of being true even outside of a subject's individual biases, interpretations, feelings, and imaginings. A proposition is generally considered objectively true (to have objective truth) when its truth conditions are met and are "mind-independent"—that is, existing freely or independently from a mind (from the thoughts, feelings, ideas, etc. of a sentient subject). A second, broader meaning of the term refers to the ability in any context to judge fairly, without bias or external influence (see journalistic objectivity); this second meaning of "objectivity" is sometimes used synonymously with" neutrality".
Objectivism.
"Objectivism" is a term that describes a branch of philosophy that originated in the early nineteenth century. Gottlob Frege was the first to apply it, when he expounded an epistemological and metaphysical theory contrary to that of Immanuel Kant. Kant's rationalism attempted to reconcile the failures he perceived in philosophical realism.
Stronger versions of this claim hold that there is only one correct description of this reality. If it is true that reality is mind-independent, then reality might include objects that are unknown to consciousness and thus might include objects not the subject of intensionality. Objectivity in referring requires a definition of truth. According to metaphysical objectivists, an object may truthfully be said to have this or that attribute, as in the statement "This object exists," whereas the statement "This object is true" or "false" is meaningless. For them, only propositions have truth values. The terms "objectivity" and "objectivism" are not synonymous, with objectivism being an ontological theory that incorporates a commitment to the objectivity of objects.
Plato's realism was a form of metaphysical objectivism, holding that the Ideas exist objectively and independently. Berkeley's empiricist idealism, on the other hand, could be called a subjectivism: he held that things only exist to the extent that they are perceived. Both theories claim methods of objectivity. Plato's definition of objectivity can be found in his epistemology, which takes as a model mathematics, and his metaphysics, where knowledge of the ontological status of objects and ideas is resistant to change.
Plato considered knowledge of geometry a condition of philosophical knowledge, both being concerned with universal truths. Plato's opposition between objective knowledge and "doxa" (opinions) became the basis for later philosophies intent on resolving the problem of reality, knowledge, and human existence. Personal opinions belong to the changing sphere of the sensible, opposed to a fixed and eternal incorporeal realm that is mutually intelligible.
Where Plato distinguishes between what and how
we know things (epistemology), and their ontological status as things (metaphysics), subjectivism such as Berkeley's and a mind dependence of knowledge and reality fails to distinguish between what one knows and what is to be known, or at least explains the distinction superficially. In Platonic terms, a criticism of subjectivism is that it is difficult to distinguish between knowledge, "doxa", and subjective knowledge (true belief), distinctions that Plato makes.
The importance of perception in evaluating and understanding objective reality is debated. Realists argue that perception is key in directly observing objective reality, while instrumentalists hold that perception is not necessarily useful in directly observing objective reality, but is useful in interpreting and predicting reality. The concepts that encompasses these ideas are important in the philosophy of science.
Objectivity in ethics.
Ethical subjectivism.
The term, "ethical subjectivism," covers two distinct theories in ethics. According to cognitive versions of ethical subjectivism, the truth of moral statements depends upon people's values, attitudes, feelings, or beliefs. Some forms of cognitivist ethical subjectivism can be counted as forms of realism, others are forms of anti-realism. David Hume is a foundational figure for cognitive ethical subjectivism. On a standard interpretation of his theory, a trait of character counts as a moral virtue when it evokes a sentiment of approbation in a sympathetic, informed, and rational human observer. Similarly, Roderick Firth's ideal observer theory held that right acts are those that an impartial, rational observer would approve of. William James, another ethical subjectivist, held that an end is good (to or for a person) just in the case it is desired by that person (see also ethical egoism). According to non-cognitive versions of ethical subjectivism, such as emotivism, prescriptivism, and expressivism, ethical statements cannot be true or false, at all: rather, they are expressions of personal feelings or commands. For example, on A. J. Ayer's emotivism, the statement, "Murder is wrong" is equivalent in meaning to the emotive, "Murder, Boo!"
Ethical objectivism.
According to the ethical objectivist, the truth or falsity of typical moral judgments does not depend upon the beliefs or feelings of any person or group of persons. This view holds that moral propositions are analogous to propositions about chemistry, biology, or history: they describe (or fail to describe) a mind-independent reality. When they describe it accurately, they are true—no matter what anyone believes, hopes, wishes, or feels. When they fail to describe this mind-independent moral reality, they are false—no matter what anyone believes, hopes, wishes, or feels.
There are many versions of ethical objectivism, including various religious views of morality, Platonistic intuitionism, Kantianism, utilitarianism, and certain forms of ethical egoism and contractualism. Note that Platonists define ethical objectivism in an even more narrow way, so that it requires the existence of intrinsic value. Consequently, they reject the idea that contractualists or egoists could be ethical objectivists. Objectivism, in turn, places primacy on the origin of the frame of reference—and, as such, considers any arbitrary frame of reference ultimately a form of ethical subjectivism by a transitive property, even when the frame incidentally coincides with reality and can be used for measurements.

</doc>
<doc id="20785952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785952" title="I105-107FM">
I105-107FM

i105-107FM is a regional radio station in Ireland that broadcasts to the north east and midlands of the country. The station is one of four regional youth orientated stations that were licensed by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland to challenge the current monopoly in the 15 to 34 age bracket by national stations RTÉ 2fm and Today FM.
The station is based in Athlone and broadcasts to Counties Carlow, Cavan, Kildare, (north) Laois, Louth, Meath, Monaghan, Offaly and Westmeath between the frequencies of 104.7 MHz and 106.7 MHz, as well as offering an online stream.
The station's sister was i102-104, but in 2011, they merged to form iRadio
i105-107FM was launched in November 2008 and is owned by the iRadio consortium, who also hold the licence for the north west service through i102-104FM, which was launched in February 2008, and the two stations share a number of programmes including the "Tommy and Hector Show".
On the day Barack Obama was inaugurated (20 January 2009), the station changed its name to temporarily to 'Obama FM' in his honour for the day.

</doc>
<doc id="20785966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785966" title="Bernard Robinson (kickboxer)">
Bernard Robinson (kickboxer)

Bernard "Swiftkick" Robinson (born August 23, 1966 in Gaffney, South Carolina) is a former three-time world kickboxing champion. His record is 68-8 (32 KOs). Robinson is also the Guinness world record holder for the Punch-Bag Marathon with a time of 37 hours and 30 minutes on September 1, 2008. 
He currently resides in Hendersonville, Tennessee. 

</doc>
<doc id="20785969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785969" title="Dystopia">
Dystopia

A dystopia is a community or society that is in some important way undesirable or frightening. It is the opposite of a "utopia". Such societies appear in many artistic works, particularly in stories set in a future. Dystopias are often characterized by dehumanization, totalitarian governments, environmental disaster, or other characteristics associated with a cataclysmic decline in society. Dystopian societies appear in many sub-genres of fiction and are often used to draw attention to real-world issues regarding society, environment, politics, economics, religion, psychology, ethics, science, and/or technology, which if unaddressed could potentially lead to such a dystopia-like condition.
Famous depictions of dystopian societies include "R.U.R.", which introduces the term Robot and the modern Robot concept along with the first Androids due to being organic, and is the first elaborate depiction of a machine take-over."; Nineteen Eighty-Four", which takes place in a totalitarian invasive super state; "Brave New World", where the human population is placed under a caste of psychological allocation; "Fahrenheit 451", where the state burns books out of fear of what they may incite; "Blade Runner" in which genetically engineered replicants infiltrate society and must be hunted down before they injure humans,"Battle Royale", in which the government controls its people by maintaining a constant state of fear through forcing randomly selected children to participate in an annual fight to the death; "Logan's Run", in which both population and the consumption of resources are maintained in equilibrium by requiring the death of everyone reaching a particular age, and "Soylent Green", where society suffers from pollution, overpopulation, depleted resources, poverty, dying oceans, and a hot climate. Much of the population survives on processed food rations, including "soylent green".
Jack London's "The Iron Heel" was described by Erich Fromm as "the earliest of the modern Dystopia".
Etymology.
"Dystopia" represents a counterpart of "utopia", a term originally coined by Thomas More in his book of that title completed in 1516. "Utopia" is derived from the Greek words "eu" (), "good", "ou" (), "not", and "topos" (), "place." "Dystopia" retains the "topos", but combines it instead with , "bad, hard".
History.
Decades before the first documented use of the word "dystopia" was "cacotopia" (using , "bad, wicked") originally proposed in 1818 by Jeremy Bentham: "As a match for utopia (or the imagined seat of the best government) suppose a cacotopia (or the imagined seat of the worst government) discovered and described." Though dystopia became the more popular term, cacotopia finds occasional use, for example by "A Clockwork Orange" author Anthony Burgess, who said it was a better fit for Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty-four" because "it sounds worse than dystopia."
The first known use of "dystopian", as recorded by the "Oxford English Dictionary", is a speech given before the British House of Commons by John Stuart Mill in 1868, in which Mill denounced the government's Irish land policy: "It is, perhaps, too complimentary to call them Utopians, they ought rather to be called dys-topians, or caco-topians. What is commonly called Utopian is something too good to be practicable; but what they appear to favour is too bad to be practicable."
Common themes.
Although dystopias vary significantly across and within artistic forms and genres, many focus on similar kinds of sociopolitical dysfunction.
Politics.
In "When the Sleeper Wakes", H. G. Wells depicted the governing class as hedonistic and shallow. George Orwell contrasted Wells's world to that depicted in Jack London's "The Iron Heel", where the dystopian rulers are brutal and dedicated to the point of fanaticism, which Orwell considered more plausible.
Whereas the political principles at the root of fictional utopias (or "perfect worlds") are idealistic in principle and successfully result in positive consequences for the inhabitants, the political principles on which fictional dystopias are based, while often based on utopian ideals, result in negative consequences for inhabitants because of at least one fatal flaw;
Dystopias are often filled with pessimistic views of the ruling class or government that is brutal or uncaring ruling with an "iron hand" or "iron fist". These dystopian government establishments often have protagonists or groups that lead a "resistance" to enact change within their government as is seen in Alan Moore's V for Vendetta.
Dystopian political situations are depicted in novels such as "Parable of the Sower", "Nineteen Eighty-Four", "Brave New World" and "Fahrenheit 451"; and in such films as "Metropolis", "Brazil", "Battle Royale", "", and "Soylent Green".
Economics.
The economic structures of dystopian societies in literature and other media have many variations, as the economy often relates directly to the elements that the writer is depicting as the source of the oppression. However, there are several archetypes that such societies tend to follow.
A commonly occurring theme is that the state plans the economy, as shown in such works as Ayn Rand's "Anthem" and Henry Kuttner's short story "The Iron Standard". A contrasting theme is where the planned economy is planned and controlled by corporatist and fascist elements. A prime example of this is reflected in Norman Jewison's 1975 "Rollerball". Some dystopias, such as "Nineteen Eighty-Four", feature black markets with goods that are dangerous and difficult to obtain, or the characters may be totally at the mercy of the state-controlled economy. Such systems usually have a lack of efficiency, as seen in stories like Philip Jose Farmer's "Riders of the Purple Wage", featuring a bloated welfare system in which total freedom from responsibility has encouraged an underclass prone to any form of antisocial behavior. Kurt Vonnegut's "Player Piano" depicts a dystopia in which the centrally controlled economic system has indeed made material abundance plentiful, but deprived the mass of humanity of meaningful labor; virtually all work is menial and unsatisfying, and only a small number of the small group that achieves education is admitted to the elite and its work. In Tanith Lee's 'Biting the Sun', there is no want of any kind - only unabashed consumption and hedonism, leading the protagonist to begin looking for a deeper meaning to existence when everyday life seems to have nothing to live for.
Even in dystopias where the economic system is not the source of the society's flaws, as in "Brave New World", the state often controls the economy. In "Brave New World", a character, reacting with horror to the suggestion of not being part of the social body, cites as a reason that everyone works for everyone else.
Other works feature extensive privatization and corporatism, where privately owned and unaccountable large corporations have effectively replaced the government in setting policy and making decisions. They manipulate, infiltrate, control, bribe, are contracted by, or otherwise function as government. This is seen in the novels "Jennifer Government" and "Oryx and Crake" and the movies "Alien", "Avatar", "Robocop", "Visioneers", "Idiocracy", "Soylent Green", "THX 1138", "WALL‑E" and "Rollerball". Rule-by-corporation is common in the cyberpunk genre, as in Neal Stephenson's "Snow Crash" and Philip K. Dick's "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" (as well as the film "Blade Runner", loosely based on Dick's novel).
Social stratification.
Dystopian fiction frequently draws stark contrasts between upper and lower classes.
In the novel "Brave New World", written in 1931 by Aldous Huxley, a class system is prenatally designated in terms of Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons, with the lower classes having reduced brain-function and special conditioning to make them satisfied with their position in life.
In "Ypsilon Minus" by Herbert W. Franke, people are divided into numerous alphabetically ranked groups.
Family.
Some fictional dystopias, such as "Brave New World" and "Fahrenheit 451", have eradicated the family and deploy continuing efforts to keep it from reestablishing itself as a social institution. In "Brave New World", where children are reproduced artificially, the concepts "mother" and "father" are considered obscene. In some novels, the State is hostile to motherhood: for example, in "Nineteen Eighty-Four", children are organized to spy on their parents; and in "We", the escape of a pregnant woman from OneState is a revolt.
Religion.
Religious groups play the role of the oppressed and oppressors. In "Brave New World", for example, the establishment of the state included lopping off the tops of all crosses (as symbols of Christianity) to make them "T"s, (as symbols of Henry Ford's Model T). Margaret Atwood's "The Handmaid's Tale", on the other hand, takes place in a future United States under a Christianity-based theocratic regime.
In "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" humans on Earth practice Mercerism, employing "empathy boxes" to connect to each other in a way that emphasizes their humanity and their difference from the androids, which are incapable of empathy.
Identity.
In the Russian novel "We" by Yevgeny Zamyatin, first published in 1921, people are permitted to live out of public view twice a week for one hour and are only referred to by numbers instead of names.
Some dystopian works, like Kurt Vonnegut's "Harrison Bergeron", emphasize the pressure to conform to ruthlessly egalitarian social norms that discourage or suppress accomplishment or even competence as forms of inequality. Similarly, in Ray Bradbury's "Fahrenheit 451", the dystopian society represses intellectuals with particular force.
Violence.
Violence is prevalent in many dystopias, often in the form of war (e.g. "Nineteen Eighty-Four"), rampant crime met by summary justice or vigilantism (e.g. "Judge Dredd", "Mad Max"), or blood sports (e.g. "Battle Royale", "Battle Royale", and "The Running Man").
Nature.
Fictional dystopias are commonly urban and frequently isolate their characters from all contact with the natural world. Sometimes they require their characters to avoid nature, as when walks are regarded as dangerously anti-social in Ray Bradbury's "Fahrenheit 451" as well as within Bradbury's short story "The Pedestrian." In "Brave New World", the lower classes of society are conditioned to be afraid of nature, but also to visit the countryside and consume transportation and games to stabilize society. Excessive pollution that destroys nature is common in many dystopian films, such as Avatar, Robocop, Wall-E, and Soylent Green. A few "green" fictional dystopias do exist, such as in Michael Carson's short story "The Punishment of Luxury", and Russell Hoban's "Riddley Walker". The latter is set in the aftermath of nuclear war, "a post-nuclear holocaust Kent, where technology has reduced to the level of the Iron Age".
Literary characteristics of dystopian fiction.
As fictional dystopias are often set in a future projected virtual time and/or space involving technological innovations not accessible in actual present reality, dystopian fiction is often classified generically as science fiction, a subgenre of speculative fiction.
Back stories.
Because a fictional universe has to be constructed, a selectively told backstory of a war, revolution, uprising, critical overpopulation, or other disaster is often introduced early in the narrative. This results in a shift in emphasis of control, from previous systems of government to a government run by corporations, totalitarian dictatorships or bureaucracies; or from previous social norms to a changed society and new (and often disturbing) social norms.
Because dystopian literature typically depicts events that take place in the future, it often features technology more advanced than that of contemporary society.
Hero.
Unlike utopian fiction, which often features an outsider to have the world shown to him/her, dystopias seldom feature an outsider as the protagonist. While such a character would more clearly understand the nature of the society, based on comparison to their society, the knowledge of the outside culture subverts the power of the dystopia. When such outsiders are major characters—such as John the Savage in "Brave New World"—their societies cannot assist them against the dystopia.
The story usually centers on a protagonist who questions the society, often feeling intuitively that something is terribly wrong, such as Guy Montag in Ray Bradbury's novella "Fahrenheit 451", Winston Smith in "Nineteen Eighty-Four", or V in Alan Moore's "V for Vendetta". The hero comes to believe that escape or even overturning the social order is possible and decides to act at the risk of their own life; this may appear as irrational even to him/her, but they still act. The hero's point of view usually clashes with the others' perception, most notably in "Brave New World", revealing that concepts of utopia and dystopia are tied to each other and the only difference between them lies on a matter of opinion.
Another popular archetype of hero in the more modern dystopian literature is the Vonnegut hero, a hero who is in high-standing within the social system, but sees how wrong everything is, and attempts to either change the system or bring it down, such as Paul Proteus of Kurt Vonnegut's novel "Player Piano" or Winston Niles Rumfoord in "The Sirens of Titan".
"The Domination" is perhaps unusual in featuring members of the upper caste of the dystopian society (the von Shrakenbergs, Myfwany, Yolande Ingolfsson, various Draka military members) as among the protagonists although serfs (Marya and Yasmin, from among conquered people) questioning that society are also included, along with international enemies of that dystopian society (such as Lefarge). This may be an example of the anti-hero.
Conflict.
In many cases, the hero's conflict brings them to a representative of the dystopia who articulates its principles, from Mustapha Mond in "Brave New World" to O'Brien in "Nineteen Eighty-Four".
There is usually a group of people somewhere in the society who are not under the complete control of the state, and in whom the hero of the novel usually puts their hope, although often he or she still fails to change anything. In Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty-Four" they are the "proles" (Latin for "offspring", from which "proletariat" is derived), in Huxley's "Brave New World" they are the people on the reservation, and in "We" by Zamyatin they are the people outside the walls of the One State. In "Fahrenheit 451" by Ray Bradbury, they are the "book people" past the river and outside the city.
Subversion.
The destruction of dystopia is frequently a very different sort of work than one in which it is preserved. Indeed, the subversion of a dystopian society, with its potential for conflict and adventure, is a staple of science fiction stories. Poul Anderson's short story "Sam Hall" depicts the subversion of a dystopia heavily dependent on surveillance. Robert A. Heinlein's "If This Goes On—" liberates the United States from a fundamentalist theocracy, where the underground rebellion is organized by the Freemasons. Cordwainer Smith's "The Rediscovery of Man" series depicts a society recovering from its dystopian period, beginning in "The Dead Lady of Clown Town" with the discovery that its utopia was impossible to maintain. Although these and other societies are typical of dystopias in many ways, they all have not only flaws but "exploitable" flaws. The ability of the protagonists to subvert the society also subverts the monolithic power typical of a dystopia. In some cases the hero manages to overthrow the dystopia by motivating the (previously apathetic) populace. In the dystopian video game Half-Life 2 the downtrodden citizens of City 17 rally around the figure of Gordon Freeman and overthrow their Combine oppressors.
Destruction of the fictional dystopia may not be possible, but—if it does not completely control its world—escaping from it may be an alternative. In Ray Bradbury's "Fahrenheit 451", the main character, Montag, succeeds in fleeing and finding tramps who have dedicated themselves to memorizing books to preserve them. But ironically, the dystopian society in "Fahrenheit 451" is destroyed in the end — by nuclear missiles. In the book "Logan's Run", the main characters make their way to an escape from the otherwise inevitable euthanasia on their 21st (22nd) birthday (30th in the later film version). Because such dystopias must necessarily control less of the world than the protagonist can reach, and the protagonist can elude capture, this motif also subverts the dystopia's power. In Lois Lowry's "The Giver", Jonas, the main character, is able to run away from "The Community" and escapes to "Elsewhere", where people have memories.
Sometimes, this escape leads to the inevitable: the protagonist making a mistake that usually brings about the end of a rebel society, usually living where people think is a legend. This concept is brought to life in Scott Westerfeld's novel "Uglies". The main character accidentally brings the government into the secret settlement of the Smoke. She then infiltrates the government to escape, but chooses to join the society for the greater good.
The collapse of a dystopian dictatorship, sometimes, has an ambiguous ending that is unclear as to final result of the revolution. The protagonist succeeds in causing the overthrow of society, but no new society has been established as a replacement. The legacy is open ended, as in the movie version of "V For Vendetta". The rebels were secretly aided by disillusioned officials of the ruling tyrannical regime, but no one faction maintained dominance after the fall of the dystopian society. The remaining hard-core regime loyalists were eliminated or ineffective. The audience is left to their own conclusions.
Climax and dénouement.
The story is often (but not always) "unresolved" even if the hero manages to escape or destroy the dystopia. That is, the narrative may deal with individuals in a dystopian society who are unsatisfied, and may rebel, but ultimately fail to change anything. Sometimes they themselves end up changed to conform to the society's norms, such as in With Folded Hands, by Jack Williamson. This narrative arc to a sense of hopelessness can be found in such classic dystopian works as "Nineteen Eighty-Four". It contrasts with much fiction of the future, in which a hero succeeds in resolving conflicts or otherwise changes things for the better.

</doc>
<doc id="20785970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785970" title="705th Tank Destroyer Battalion">
705th Tank Destroyer Battalion

The 705th Tank Destroyer Battalion was a tank destroyer battalion of the United States Army active during the Second World War. It was originally formed from artillery elements of the 5th Armored Division, and its lineage is today perpetuated by the 75th Cavalry Regiment.
The battalion operated in northern France with Third Army in 1944, where it fought in Brittany at the capture of Brest, and then along the Moselle River, reaching Germany at the end of the year. During the Battle of the Bulge, it was engaged at the Siege of Bastogne along with the 101st Airborne Division, where it received the Presidential Unit Citation, and in the spring of 1945 it advanced through southern Germany with the 11th Armored Division, reaching Austria by the end of the war.
Early service.
The battalion was formed in December 1941, around a cadre taken from the 58th Armored Field Artillery Battalion, part of the 5th Armored Division. It trained in California and Texas, equipped with M3 GMCs, before moving to Oregon in early 1943 and receiving the new M10 Wolverine tank destroyer. Whilst at the Tank Destroyer Center in Texas, they were described by General A. D. Bruce as "the finest" tank destroyer battalion yet trained.
The battalion transferred to New York, and then boarded the liner "Queen Elizabeth" on 18 April for the voyage to the United Kingdom. It arrived in Scotland on the 27th, and set up camp in southern England on 1 June.
France.
The battalion sailed for Normandy in July, and was landed at Utah Beach on the 18th, equipped with M18 Hellcat tank destroyers. After two weeks of being held in reserve, they were moved to the front line on the 31st and attached to a task force of Third Army which was assigned to capture the ports along the north coast of Brittany; it pushed through Avranches and turned westwards towards Brest; from 6 to 16 August B Company was attached to the 83rd Infantry Division. On 17 August, the battalion liberated the town of Paimpol, on the north coast of Brittany.
On 23 August, one company (B) was assigned to the 2nd Infantry Division, fighting in the Battle for Brest; it was released on 19 September. Meanwhile, the remainder of the battalion was employed fighting on the Crozon Peninsula to the south of the port through September. A shortage of M18s in the supply chain – most battalions in France were equipped with M10s at the time – led to the battalion being assigned a number of M4A3 Shermans, which carried the same 76mm gun, as temporary replacements.
The battalion regrouped in late September, and trained replacements, before moving to the Moselle River. The battalion was attached to the 95th Infantry Division on 15 October, and deployed to relieve the 818th Tank Destroyer Battalion in the Pagny bridgehead on the 20th. It withdrew from the bridgehead in early November, after providing indirect fire support, and was released by the 95th Division on 2 November. It crossed the Moselle again and moved northeast, crossing the border into Germany near Merschweiler on 18 November.
Ardennes.
On 16 December, the Germans launched a major offensive throughout the Ardennes region of the Western Front, which would later become known as the Battle of the Bulge. The 705th, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Clifford D. Templeton, was ordered by Ninth Army to move south in the evening of 18 December, and join VIII Corps at Bastogne, a town on a critical road junction in the southern Ardennes. After delays to secure the town of Laroche, and a short engagement in which the command group was attacked, the command and combat elements of the battalion had fully arrived in Bastogne late on the night of 19 December. Templeton detached two platoons to hold a bridge at Ortheuville and a platoon to Laroche, and the supply and support elements were sent west, escorted by a single M18 and instructed to "hook up with some big friends".
A platoon was sent north from Bastogne on the early morning of the 20th to help relieve Task Force Desobry, defending the northeast approaches to the town. The platoon, accompanying a battalion of paratroopers, blunted the attack of 2nd Panzer Division, destroying a number of German tanks. The battalion was formally attached to the 101st Airborne Division, the formation holding Bastogne, on 20 December, and was engaged throughout the siege, fighting a number of small actions. It provided a major part of the 101st's combat capabilities; on the 21st, the total armoured reserve available other than the 705th amounted to about forty operable medium tanks.
On the 24th, it was distributed between the 101st's regiments; a platoon to the 501st, two to the 506th, two to the 502nd and four to the 327th, with one platoon deployed as a reserve in the town itself. On the 25th, Christmas Day, it was engaged in the thick of the fighting; an attack by eighteen Panzer IVs of 15th Panzergrenadier Division was broken up by M18s of the battalion. One half of the attack was caught in a close-range action by units of the 502nd PIR and a platoon of B Company; two M18s were knocked out at the start of the engagement, but the other pair quickly accounted for three Panzer IVs. The other half, meanwhile, was caught in a crossfire between four M18s, a group of M4 Shermans, a group of 105mm howitzers and infantry bazookas and destroyed.
Throughout the siege, the battalion destroyed around 40 German tanks, and lost only six M18s. The battalion remained stationed in Bastogne for the remainder of the Battle of the Bulge, being released by the 101st on 18 January, and withdrawn to rest and refit. The battalion would later be awarded the Presidential Unit Citation for its role in the defence of Bastogne.
Germany.
The battalion was attached to Combat Command B of the 11th Armored Division, part of Third Army, on 24 February, and committed to action on 1 March, when the commanding officer was killed in action. He was succeeded by Major John Dibble.
The battalion crossed the Kyll River on 6 March, and pushed towards the Rhine with the 11th Armored, fighting all through March. The 705th crossed the Rhine at Oppenheim on 29 March, and continued to advance across southern Germany in April, seeing action in a number of small engagements. The battalion liberated two prisoner-of-war hospitals and a large forced-labour camp, and late in the month arrived at the Flossenbürg and Buchenwald concentration camps.
The battalion crossed the border into Austria on 1 May, and linked up with Soviet Army troops on 8 May, the day that the German surrender was announced.
Postwar service.
The battalion began occupation duties near Linz in June, and was inactivated in July. During its year in Europe, it lost 48 men, of whom 30 were killed at Bastogne, and received the Presidential Unit Citation.
The battalion's lineage is currently maintained by the 1st Squadron, 75th Cavalry Regiment (1–75 CAV).

</doc>
<doc id="20785983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785983" title="Alipurduar subdivision">
Alipurduar subdivision

Alipurduar subdivision is a subdivision of the Jalpaiguri district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Alipurduar municipality and six community development blocks: Madarihat–Birpara, Alipurduar–I, Alipurduar–II, Falakata, Kalchini and Kumargram. The six blocks contain 66 gram panchayats and nine census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Alipurduar.
Area.
Apart from the Alipurduar municipality, the subdivision contains nine census towns and rural areas of 66 gram panchayats under six community development blocks: Madarihat–Birpara, Alipurduar–I, Alipurduar–II, Falakata, Kalchini and Kumargram. The nine census towns are: Paschim Jitpur, Chechakhata, Alipurduar Railway Junction, Bholar Dabri, Sobhaganj, Falakata, Jaygaon and Uttar Latabari and Uttar Kamakhyaguri.
Blocks.
Madarihat–Birpara block.
Rural area under Madarihat–Birpara block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Bandapani, Hantapara, Madarihat, Totopara Ballalguri, Birpara–I, Khayarbari, Rangalibajna, Birpara–II, Lankapara and Shishujhumra. There is no urban area under this block. Madarihat and Birpara police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Madarihat.
Alipurduar–I block.
Rural area under Alipurduar–I block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Banchukamari, Parorpar, Shalkumar–I, Vivekananda–I, Chakowakheti, Patlakhawa, Shalkumar–II, Vivekananda–II, Mathura, Purba Kanthalbari and Tapsikhata. (Banchukamari G.P. is a G.P of multi race. The people of Santhali, Oraon, Madesia, Garo can be found here in large number. Besides Rajbanshi and people migrated from Bangladesh live in this G.P. There are five 1st prize owners in the field of Bhaoia Sangeet State Competition in the G.P.) Urban area under this block consists of four census towns: Paschim Jitpur, Chechakhata, Alipurduar Railway Junction and Bholar Dabri. Alipurduar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Panchkalguri.
Alipurduar–II block.
Rural area under Alipurduar–II block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Chaporer Par–I, Mahakalguri, Shamuktala, Turturi, Chaporer Par–II, Majherdabri, Tatpara–I, Bhatibari, Kohinoor, Parokata and Tatpara–II. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Sobhaganj. Alipurduar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Josodanga.
Falakata block.
Rural area under Falakata block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Dalgaon, Dhanirampur–II, Guabarnagar, Mairadanga, Deogaon, Falakata–I, Jateswar–I, Parangerpar, Dhanirampur–I, Falakata–II, Jateswar–II and Shalkumar. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Falakata. Falakata police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Falakata.
Kalchini block.
Rural area under Kalchini block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Chuapara, Jaigaon–I, Latabari, Rajabhatkawa, Dalshing Para, Jaigaon–II, Malangi, Satali, Garopara, Kalchini and Mendabari. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Jaigaon and Uttar Latabari. Jaigaon and Kalchini police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Hamiltanganj.
Kumargram block.
Rural area under Kumargram block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Chengamari, Khoardanga–I, Newland Kumargram Sankos, Turturikhanda, Kamakhyaguri–I, Khoardanga–II, Valka Barabisa–I, Kamakhyaguri–II, Kumargram, Raidak, Valka Barabisa–II. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Uttar Kamakhyaguri. Kumargram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kumargram.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the area under Kumargram block and seven gram panchayats under Alipurduar–II block, viz. Bhatibari, Kohinoor, Parokata, Mahakalguri, Shamuktala, Turturi and Tatpara– I will constitute the Kumargram assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Majherdabri gram panchayat under Alipurduar– II block and the area under Kalchini block will constitute the Kalchini assembly constituency. The Alipurduar municipality, the Alipurduar Railway Junction census town, and the gram panchayats of Chaporer Par– I, Chaporer Par–II and Tatpara– II under Alipurduar–II block and ten gram panchayats of Alipurduar– I block, viz. Banchukamari, Parorpar, Shalkumar–I, Vivekananda– I, Chakowakheti, Patlakhawa, Shalkumar– II, Vivekananda–II, Mathura and Tapsikhata will form the Alipurduars assembly constituency. The other gram panchayat of Alipurduar–I block, viz. Purba Kanthalbari will be form the Falakata assembly constituency along with the area under Falakata block. Madarihat block will be part of Madarihat assembly constituency. Kumargram, Kalchini and Madarihat constituencies will be reserved for Scheduled tribes (ST) candidates. Falakata constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. All these five assembly constituencies will be part of Alipurduars (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for ST candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20785990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20785990" title="2005–06 North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team">
2005–06 North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team

The 2005–06 North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill during the 2005–06 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Their head coach was Roy Williams. The team played its home games in the Dean Smith Center in Chapel Hill, North Carolina as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20786002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786002" title="Rory Delap">
Rory Delap

Rory John Delap (born 6 July 1976) is a former footballer who played as a midfielder. Born in England, he has made 11 appearances for the Republic of Ireland national football team.
Delap started his career at Carlisle United and impressed enough to earn a move to Premiership side Derby County in 1998. He joined Southampton, spending five years on the south coast, before moving to Sunderland. He did not spend long on Wearside, joining Stoke City on loan in October 2006. In just his second match for Stoke, against his parent club Sunderland, Delap suffered a broken leg. Despite this, Delap signed a contract at Stoke in January 2007. He went on to become a vital member of the squad and his long throw-ins helped Stoke to gain promotion to the Premier League and consolidate in the league.
A midfielder by trade, he is renowned for his long throw-in ability. Between the touchlines, he is famed for his fitness and work rate, giving him a valuable role in breaking up opposition play. Delap was a talented javelin thrower in his youth, and was touted to represent Ireland in the Olympics after his throw-ins shot to prominence following Stoke's promotion to the Premier League.
Career.
Carlisle United.
Although Delap was born in Sutton Coldfield to Irish parents, his family moved to Carlisle when he was just six months old. He therefore supported Carlisle United and attended matches at Brunton Park with his father. He was one of several promising players who came through the ranks at Brunton Park during the mid-1990s, alongside Matt Jansen, Scott Dobie and Lee Peacock. In 1997 he was part of the side which gained promotion to Division Two and defeated Colchester United on penalties to win the Football League Trophy at Wembley Stadium.
Derby County.
Delap was signed by Derby County manager Jim Smith for £200,000 in February 1998, and went on to make 13 appearances during the remainder of the 1997–98 season. Despite failing to score a league goal during the 1998–99 season, he did manage to find the net in a second round League Cup tie with Manchester City. During the 1999–00 season he was Derby's top scorer with eight goals. His first goal of that campaign came during a 2–1 defeat to Arsenal. After scoring his second goal of the season in a 2–0 victory over Sheffield Wednesday, his third came during a 3–3 stalemate with his future club Southampton. An impressive 3–1 home victory over Chelsea saw Delap score two goals and increase his season tally to five, while it was just two games later when he scored against eventual champions Manchester United during a 2–1 loss at Pride Park. Later that season Delap scored and assisted a goal in Derby's 3–0 win over Leicester City - a game in which Stan Collymore broke his leg. His eighth and final goal of the campaign came after just 22 seconds during a 4–4 draw with Bradford City, although he was later sent off for conceding one of four penalties. During the 2000–01 season Delap once again scored against both Leicester and Bradford. He scored his final goal for Derby in a 1–0 victory over Ipswich Town on 2 December 2000, which brought his total league tally to 11.
Southampton.
On 10 July 2001, Southampton signed Delap for a fee of £4 million. In the process he not only became Stuart Gray's first signing since replacing Glenn Hoddle as manager, but also Southampton's record transfer - a tag he held onto for almost 11 years, before they signed Jay Rodriguez from Burnley for £7 million on 10 June 2012. Prior to Delap's arrival, His former club Carlisle received £700,000 from the deal. Delap's first goal for Southampton came during the 3–1 victory over Ipswich Town at Portman Road on 2 March 2002. It was just later that month when he scored his first goal at St Mary's against Fulham, in a game that finished 1–1. 
Although Delap was unable to find the net during the 2002–03 campaign, he made a total of 30 appearances in all competitions, and despite having to miss out due to an ankle injury, helped Southampton to the 2003 FA Cup Final. While they narrowly lost to Arsenal after Robert Pirès scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute, the Gunners had already qualified for the Champions League after finishing second in the Premier League that season, meaning Southampton qualified for the UEFA Cup. Their UEFA Cup campaign was short-lived though, after a 1–1 draw with Steaua București at St. Mary's being followed by a 1–0 away defeat on 15 October 2003. Delap played in both legs.
Delap's third goal for Southampton and arguably the best of his career, was a spectacular bicycle kick in a 1–0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur on 27 March 2004. The 64th-minute strike ended his near two-year goal drought. Seven months later he scored two headers in a 2–2 draw with Arsenal at Highbury. Both goals came in the last ten minutes of the game, and would have secured three points for Southampton had it not been for Robin van Persie's last-minute equaliser, which maintained Arsenal's position at the top of the Premier League.
Sunderland.
From Southampton, Delap was signed by Mick McCarthy for Sunderland in the 2005–06 season. He made six appearances for the club that season before injury struck. On 8 April 2006, under caretaker manager Kevin Ball, he clashed heads with team-mate George McCartney during his side's league game with Fulham, a game that was subsequently abandoned. In doing so, he broke his nose and underwent an operation to adjust it correctly after being selected to play at Manchester United only to withdraw after suffering a nose bleed during the warm-up. Thus he was ruled out for the remainder of the season and Manchester United relegated Sunderland and their own title hopes with a 0–0 draw. He scored once in the league during his spell at Sunderland, a crucial equaliser in a 2–2 draw with Everton on 1 April 2006.
Stoke City.
Having become a marginal figure when Roy Keane took over as manager of Sunderland, Delap transferred to Stoke City on loan in October 2006. He made his debut in the 4–0 thumping of Leeds United at Elland Road. A week after signing on loan, Delap made his home debut for Stoke City against his former club Sunderland on 17 October 2006. However after a challenge from Sunderland player Robbie Elliott he sustained fractures to his tibia and fibula early in the game resulting in a broken leg. Despite the fact that his injury sidelined him for the remainder of the 2006–07 season, Stoke City manager Tony Pulis signed Delap on a permanent basis on 9 January 2007. On 15 July 2007, Delap made his comeback in a pre-season friendly with Newcastle Town. Delap impressed after returning from injury, playing 46 games as, particularly in the second half of the season, Stoke finished second and secured promotion to the Premier League for the first time.
The potency of the "Delap Special" reached new heights as Stoke City began their debut Premier League season. Of their first 13 goals, seven were credited as Delap assists. Stoke's first Premiership goal from a Delap throw was Mamady Sidibe's injury-time winner against Aston Villa on 23 August 2008. His throws continued to cause further problems for Stoke's opposition throughout the season, and would have earnt the Potters a point against Everton on 14 September, had it not been for Tim Cahill's 77th-minute header. The game finished 2–3, with both Stoke goals coming from Delap throws. Tony Pulis suggested his absence was a crucial factor in Stoke's 2–0 defeat to Chelsea on 27 September. He returned the following week to face Portsmouth, and despite helping to create Ricardo Fuller's goal from a throw-in, Stoke lost the game 2–1. It was just one game later when Delap scored his first goal of the season and only his third in a Stoke shirt. He met Sidibe's cross at the far post to give his side an important 2–1 victory over Tottenham Hotspur. Delap was sent off in Stoke's 1–0 win over Manchester City for fouling and kicking out at Shaun Wright-Phillips.
Delap did not wait long into the new season to use the "Delap Special". His throw-in in the opening game of the 2009–10 season against Burnley earned Stoke a 2–0 victory. Delap gave away two penalties within three games. One was against Portsmouth and the other was against Arsenal. Aruna Dindane of Portsmouth was struck in the head by Delap's boot while Andrei Arshavin was tripped up by Delap's long leg. Both penalties were saved by Thomas Sørensen.
Delap proved a crucial factor in Stoke's 2009–10 FA Cup campaign. Despite falling behind in the 22nd minute of their third round clash with York City, Stoke managed to gain the lead in the space of just two minutes. Danny Parslow headed Delap's throw into his own net, before Ricardo Fuller put Stoke ahead after York failed to clear another Delap throw. Stoke won 3–1 after Matthew Etherington's free-kick and drew Arsenal in the fourth round. Just 70 seconds into their tie with Arsenal, Fuller gave Stoke the lead after beating Lukasz Fabianski to the ball and headed home from a Delap throw. Despite Denílson's equaliser, Fuller struck again in the 78th minute, before Dean Whitehead added a third just four minutes from time. The Potters drew Manchester City in the fifth round. After falling behind to an early goal from Shaun Wright-Phillips, Stoke drew level when Fuller converted Delap's throw. Several pundits drew comparisons to Fuller's goal against Arsenal in the previous round. An eventual 1–1 stalemate meant a replay was required. The replay also finished 1–1 over 90 minutes, thus extra time was required. It was just five minutes into extra time when Ryan Shawcross beat Shay Given to the ball and headed in from Delap's throw, before Tuncay made it 3–1 in the 99th minute. Stoke met Chelsea in the quarter finals. Delap's dreaded delivery looked certain to have an impact yet again, although after it had initially been cleared a Stoke shot was saved off the line. Chelsea proved too strong for Stoke, ending their campaign in the process. 
Delap made his 300th appearance in the Premier League on 13 September 2010 against Aston Villa becoming the 82nd player to reach the landmark. On 16 October 2010, Delap scored his first goal in 21 months against Bolton Wanderers. Although Rory's goal was the equaliser, Stoke lost 2–1 during injury-time, with Ivan Klasnić's winner ironically occurring from a long throw-in. Just a few minutes after his goal Klasnić received two yellow cards in quick succession, with the second coming after catching Delap in the face while challenging for a header. He scored another rare goal against West Bromwich Albion in February 2011. Delap's throw-ins were another major factor in Stoke's 2010–11 FA Cup campaign. Not only did one lead to an assist in their fifth round victory over Brighton & Hove Albion, but another helped give them their ticket to Wembley after they defeated West Ham in the sixth round. Delap played in the semi final against Bolton Wanderers and the 2011 FA Cup Final with Stoke losing 1–0 to Manchester City. In April 2011 Delap signed a one year extension on his contract keeping him at the Britannia Stadium until 2013. After turning 35 Delap stated that he has no plans for retirement. On 1 May 2012 Delap signed a one-year contract extension which will see him extend his stay at Stoke until the end of the 2012–13 season. However Delap found himself out of favour in 2012–13 making just one appearance away at Reading on the opening day of the season. He left Stoke after the end of the 2012–13 season bringing a seven year spell at the club to an end.
Barnsley loan.
On 31 January 2013, Delap joined Barnsley on loan until the end of the season. Soon after his move to Oakwell, he expressed his desire to make the move permanent in order to continue his playing career. Following his debut in a 2–1 win over Blackpool, his throw-in quickly caused problems as it created Scott Golbourne's equaliser in a 3–2 victory over Middlesbrough. He then assisted Chris Dagnall's header in his third league appearance against Wolves, before his throw created Tomasz Cywka's goal in a 5–3 defeat to Bristol City.
Burton Albion.
After leaving Stoke, Delap spent time on trial with League Two side Burton Albion in an attempt to earn a contract. He signed a one-year contract with the Brewers on 18 July 2013. His third appearance and first as a contracted Burton player was a friendly against Stoke. Burton lost the game 2–0, as Delap played 55 minutes at right-back. He played seven matches for Burton scoring once in a 2–2 draw against Cheltenham Town on 3 August 2013. On 16 December 2013 Delap announced his retirement from football.
International career.
A former Republic of Ireland under-21 international, Delap won 11 caps for the national team between 1998 and 2004. He was not included in the Irish squad for the 2002 FIFA World Cup, where the nation reached the final sixteen of the tournament. His international career was marked by a number of withdrawals, the last of which was with a twisted knee on 25 April 2004 before a midweek friendly with Poland.
Throw-ins.
Delap, a former schoolboy javelin champion, is renowned for having one of the longest and most feared throw-ins in football; his throws, noted by Martin O'Neill as equivalent to "a corner or a free kick", often range (averaging ), and can reach the speed of . They have served as an assist in more than one case before 2008. Numerous experts, including his former manager Tony Pulis, have commented on the technique Delap employs, the length and flatness undoing many a defence. "It causes so many problems (amongst the opposition defence). I think it's because they're so flat. They're not lofted into the air, he throws it pretty flat and it's very difficult for defenders to pick up the flight."
Fellow professionals similarly renowned for long throw-ins, such as Mario Melchiot, formerly of Wigan Athletic, and Lee Dixon, formerly of Arsenal, have also spoken of their admiration for Delap. Melchiot described Delap's ability as "one hell of a throw-in" and a "great weapon", having already set Delap out for unique praise in stating that he did not think there was "anyone in the league that can throw like him".
To increase the momentum of the throw, Delap takes four steps from the advertising boards around the pitch, followed by one long stride. In doing this he plants his front foot solidly on the ground propelling all momentum forward, thus increasing the speed with which the ball is released. Delap says he does not work on building his upper body strength and physique, although he uses his shoulders and lower back muscles to give power to his throw. For the ball to reach his target faster, Delap throws it on a flat trajectory releasing in such a way to cause large amounts of backspin. This helps to counter gravity so the ball will travel on a more level elevation even though it is released at such a low angle. He tends to target two players within 6ft of each other. His throw-ins are reputed as more accurate than most corners being that more muscles are used to control the direction in which the ball travels.
Factors, according to Dixon's analysis, which further enhance the dangerous nature of Delap's throw-ins are the fact that "you cannot be offside from a throw-in, so the attackers can crowd the six-yard box" and "because a free-kick starts with the ball on the ground it means it has to have a natural arc in order to get up and over the first defender", whereas "from a throw-in the ball starts from six foot and it is the angle and trajectory of Delap's darts that make them so potent".
In the 2008–09 Premier League season Delap's throw-ins led directly to both goals scored in at least two matches. Both Stoke goals in the 3–2 loss to Everton on 14 September 2008 came about as a result of Delap's throw. Afterwards Everton manager David Moyes referred to Delap as the "Human Sling". Later, Delap used his ability to help score Stoke's goals in the 2–1 victory over Arsenal at the Britannia Stadium on 1 November 2008. The first of these travelled 45 metres from the sideline into the penalty area.
The then Chelsea manager Luiz Felipe Scolari described the technique as "fantastic" and suggested the goalkeeper ought not to attempt claiming the ball in this situation. "I think he puts the ball better with his hands than his foot, it's fantastic. I have never seen anything like this in my life; 10 metres outside midfield, this boy puts the ball inside the area. Maybe it's not beautiful football but it's effective."
While many believe Delap should use his throwing ability to his team's advantage, Arsène Wenger is against the idea. He stated in an interview on the Arsenal website. "For example at Stoke, for Rory Delap it is like kicking the ball. It is a little bit of an unfair advantage. He is using a strength that is usually not a strength in football. So rule I would change would be maybe to play throw-ins by foot. Why not? I think it would make the game quicker. Football is the most popular team game in the world and one day some crazy guy said 'we don't use the hands'. How could you have imagined on that day a game that is completely natural to play with your hands would become the most popular sport?"
Some teams have used techniques to try and put Delap off his long throws. Notable examples include, against Hull City on 29 November 2008; goalkeeper Boaz Myhill kicking the ball out for a corner instead into touch when under pressure. Unused Tigers substitute Dean Windass received a yellow card for unsporting behaviour after warming up too close to Delap when preparing to take a throw-in. On 27 March 2010, West Ham United erected an extra set of hoardings considerably close to the touchline to hamper Delap's run-up, but he was still capable of reaching the penalty box in spite of the limited space. These hoardings backfired when a misplaced throw from Hammers defender Julien Faubert led to Ricardo Fuller to score the only goal of the game in the Potters' favour. Burnley also tried a similar tactic however the match finished 1–1 with Stoke's goal coming from a Delap throw.
Delap served as the inspiration for Danny Brooks – a P.E. teacher from West Yorkshire who broke the world record for the longest football throw-in. He performed a flip throw to gain extra momentum and lifted the record to 49.78 metres (163 ft). The record was once again broken on 18 June 2010, and is now held by Thomas Gronnemark of Denmark, who threw the ball 51.33 metres (168 ft).
Personal life.
Rory's father is John Delap from Letterkenny and his mother Maura Delap from Kells. He moved to Carlisle when he was six months old. Rory is the nephew of Paddy Delap, a Letterkenny businessman, golfer, and athletics coach who runs Clarke's Newsagent's and organises an annual charity cycling event in aid of cancer noted for launching the career of former Cervélo TestTeam member Philip Deignan. Another uncle, Anthony, is an award winning actor-playwright whose works have been performed at An Grianán Theatre in the town. Delap appears on the cover of ""...And She Laughed No More: Stoke City's First Premiership Adventure"", a book written by Stoke supporter Stephen Foster.
Charity work.
Rory has been acknowledged for his generosity towards The Donna Louise Children's Hospice based in Trentham, Stoke-on-Trent. Rory's first venture was a 202-mile bike ride from Newcastle upon Tyne to Edinburgh in June 2000. Delap repeated the same route in June 2010, this time completing it in just two days. Delap also took part in and won Marco Pierre's Stoke Kitchen contest, with the proceeds benefiting Caudwell Children. The contest also featured a special appearance from Soccer AM's Tubes. Due to the use of his shoulders and lower back muscles when throwing a football, Delap is one of the faces of Back In Play, a campaign to help raise awareness towards Ankylosing spondylitis.

</doc>
<doc id="20786008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786008" title="Henry Hopkins">
Henry Hopkins

Henry Hopkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20786023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786023" title="Charles Procter">
Charles Procter

Charles Procter (died December 21, 1773) was a ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented King's County from 1759 to 1760 and Halifax township from 1765 to 1773 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He served as major and then lieutenant-colonel in the Halifax militia. Procter was named Provost Marshall for Nova Scotia in 1771. He died in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="20786039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786039" title="Sherif Danladi">
Sherif Danladi

Sherif Danladi (born 23 December 1989 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian football midfielder, and currently plays for Heart of Lions in the Ghana Premier League.
Domestic career.
Born in Kumasi, Danladi started his footballing career with Kaloum Stars, a heavyweight juvenile club based in Kumasi. Having graduated from the Under-12 level, he joined Corners Babies, a rival club to Kaloum Stars, for the Under-14 and Under-17 divisions. He had grown into an indispensable team core member, playing an offensive midfield position with other stars that included Yussif Chibsah and Edmund Owusu Ansah. With numerous goals coming off his boots, Corners Babies had been the most formidable opponent; essentially the team to beat in the 90s’ juvenile league.
Graduating from the Under-17 level, Danladi was admitted into Feyenoord Academy by the highly rated and famous national team coach Sam Ardy. He was made the captain of the team from 2002 to 2005, and the side got promoted to the Premier League. Danladi was turned into a holding midfielder by Coach Ardy. During the 2005 season, he was adjudged the best defender in the country, beating off competition from national team players like Yussif Chibsah, Illiasu Shilla and Godfred Yeboah. He has also received many “man of the match” accolades: seven and three in the 2005 and 2007 seasons respectively.
At the end of the 2005 season, a host of clubs including the top two: Accra Hearts of Oak and Asante Kotoko had chased for his signature but it was Liberty Professionals that got him.
International career.
Danladi has been a member of two of the national teams in Ghana. From 2004 to 2006, he was a key member of the Ghana Black Satellite, the national under 20 side, and in 2006, graduated to the Black Meteors- the under 23 side.

</doc>
<doc id="20786042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786042" title="Cybernetics">
Cybernetics

Cybernetics is a transdisciplinary approach for exploring regulatory systems, their structures, constraints, and possibilities. Cybernetics is relevant to the study of systems, such as mechanical, physical, biological, cognitive, and social systems. Cybernetics is applicable when a system being analyzed is involved in a closed signaling loop; that is, where action by the system generates some change in its environment and that change is reflected in that system in some manner (feedback) that triggers a system change, originally referred to as a "circular causal" relationship. Some say this is necessary to a cybernetic perspective. System dynamics, a related field, originated with applications of electrical engineering control theory to other kinds of simulation models (especially business systems) by Jay Forrester at MIT in the 1950s.
Concepts studied by cyberneticists (or, as some prefer, cyberneticians) include, but are not limited to: learning, cognition, adaptation, social control, emergence, communication, efficiency, efficacy, and connectivity. These concepts are studied by other subjects such as engineering and biology, but in cybernetics these are abstracted from the context of the individual organism or device.
Norbert Wiener defined cybernetics in 1948 as "the scientific study of control and communication in the animal and the machine." The word "cybernetics" comes from the Greek word κυβερνητική (kyverni̱tikí̱, “government”), i.e. all that are pertinent to κυβερνώ (kyvernó̱), the latter meaning to “steer,” “navigate” or “govern,” hence κυβέρνησις (kyvérni̱sis, “government”) is the government while κυβερνήτης (kyverní̱ti̱s) is the governor or the captain. Contemporary cybernetics began as an interdisciplinary study connecting the fields of control systems, electrical network theory, mechanical engineering, logic modeling, evolutionary biology, neuroscience, anthropology, and psychology in the 1940s, often attributed to the Macy Conferences. During the second half of the 20th century cybernetics evolved in ways that distinguish first-order cybernetics (about observed systems) from second-order cybernetics (about observing systems). More recently there is talk about a third-order cybernetics (doing in ways that embraces first and second-order).
Fields of study which have influenced or been influenced by cybernetics include game theory, system theory (a mathematical counterpart to cybernetics), perceptual control theory, sociology, psychology (especially neuropsychology, behavioral psychology, cognitive psychology), philosophy, architecture, and organizational theory.
Definitions.
Cybernetics has been defined in a variety of ways, by a variety of people, from a variety of disciplines. The "Larry Richards Reader" includes a list of definitions:
Etymology.
The term "cybernetics" stems from κυβερνήτης ("kybernētēs") "steersman, governor, pilot, or rudder" (the same root as "government"). As with the ancient Greek pilot, independence of thought is important in cybernetics. Cybernetics is a broad field of study, but the essential goal of cybernetics is to understand and define the functions and processes of systems that have goals and that participate in circular, causal chains that move from action to sensing to comparison with desired goal, and again to action. Studies in cybernetics provide a means for examining the design and function of any system, including social systems such as business management and organizational learning, including for the purpose of making them more efficient and effective.
French physicist and mathematician André-Marie Ampère first coined the word "cybernetique" in his 1834 essay "Essai sur la philosophie des sciences" to describe the science of civil government.
Cybernetics was borrowed by Norbert Wiener, in his book "Cybernetics", to define the study of control and communication in the animal and the machine. Stafford Beer called it the science of effective organization and Gordon Pask called it "the art of defensible metaphors" (emphasizing its constructivist epistemology) though he later extended it to include information flows "in all media" from stars to brains. It includes the study of feedback, black boxes and derived concepts such as communication and control in living organisms, machines and organizations including self-organization. Its focus is how anything (digital, mechanical or biological) processes information, reacts to information, and changes or can be changed to better accomplish the first two tasks.
A more philosophical definition, suggested in 1956 by Louis Couffignal, one of the pioneers of cybernetics, characterizes cybernetics as "the art of ensuring the efficacy of action." The most recent definition has been proposed by Louis Kauffman, President of the American Society for Cybernetics, "Cybernetics is the study of systems and processes that interact with themselves and produce themselves from themselves."
History.
The roots of cybernetic theory.
The word "cybernetics" was first used in the context of "the study of self-governance" by Plato in The Alcibiades to signify the governance of people. The word 'cybernétique' was also used in 1834 by the physicist André-Marie Ampère (1775–1836) to denote the sciences of government in his classification system of human knowledge.
The first artificial automatic regulatory system, a water clock, was invented by the mechanician Ktesibios. In his water clocks, water flowed from a source such as a holding tank into a reservoir, then from the reservoir to the mechanisms of the clock. Ktesibios's device used a cone-shaped float to monitor the level of the water in its reservoir and adjust the rate of flow of the water accordingly to maintain a constant level of water in the reservoir, so that it neither overflowed nor was allowed to run dry. This was the first artificial truly automatic self-regulatory device that required no outside intervention between the feedback and the controls of the mechanism. Although they did not refer to this concept by the name of Cybernetics (they considered it a field of engineering), Ktesibios and others such as Heron and Su Song are considered to be some of the first to study cybernetic principles.
The study of "teleological mechanisms" (from the Greek τέλος or "telos" for "end", "goal", or "purpose") in machines with "corrective feedback" dates from as far back as the late 18th century when James Watt's steam engine was equipped with a governor, a centrifugal feedback valve for controlling the speed of the engine. Alfred Russel Wallace identified this as the principle of evolution in his famous 1858 paper. In 1868 James Clerk Maxwell published a theoretical article on governors, one of the first to discuss and refine the principles of self-regulating devices. Jakob von Uexküll applied the feedback mechanism via his model of functional cycle ("Funktionskreis") in order to explain animal behaviour and the origins of meaning in general.
The early 20th century.
Contemporary cybernetics began as an interdisciplinary study connecting the fields of control systems, electrical network theory, mechanical engineering, logic modeling, evolutionary biology and neuroscience in the 1940s. Electronic control systems originated with the 1927 work of Bell Telephone Laboratories engineer Harold S. Black on using negative feedback to control amplifiers. The ideas are also related to the biological work of Ludwig von Bertalanffy in General Systems Theory.
Early applications of negative feedback in electronic circuits included the control of gun mounts and radar antenna during World War II. Jay Forrester, a graduate student at the Servomechanisms Laboratory at MIT during WWII working with Gordon S. Brown to develop electronic control systems for the U.S. Navy, later applied these ideas to social organizations such as corporations and cities as an original organizer of the MIT School of Industrial Management at the MIT Sloan School of Management. Forrester is known as the founder of System Dynamics.
W. Edwards Deming, the Total Quality Management guru for whom Japan named its top post-WWII industrial prize, was an intern at Bell Telephone Labs in 1927 and may have been influenced by network theory. Deming made "Understanding Systems" one of the four pillars of what he described as "Profound Knowledge" in his book "The New Economics."
Numerous papers spearheaded the coalescing of the field. In 1935 Russian physiologist P.K. Anokhin published a book in which the concept of feedback ("back afferentation") was studied. The study and mathematical modelling of regulatory processes became a continuing research effort and two key articles were published in 1943. These papers were "Behavior, Purpose and Teleology" by Arturo Rosenblueth, Norbert Wiener, and Julian Bigelow; and the paper "A Logical Calculus of the Ideas Immanent in Nervous Activity" by Warren McCulloch and Walter Pitts.
Cybernetics as a discipline was firmly established by Norbert Wiener, McCulloch and others, such as W. Ross Ashby, mathematician Alan Turing, and W. Grey Walter. Walter was one of the first to build autonomous robots as an aid to the study of animal behaviour. Together with the US and UK, an important geographical locus of early cybernetics was France.
In the spring of 1947, Wiener was invited to a congress on harmonic analysis, held in Nancy, France. The event was organized by the Bourbaki, a French scientific society, and mathematician Szolem Mandelbrojt (1899–1983), uncle of the world-famous mathematician Benoît Mandelbrot.
During this stay in France, Wiener received the offer to write a manuscript on the unifying character of this part of applied mathematics, which is found in the study of Brownian motion and in telecommunication engineering. The following summer, back in the United States, Wiener decided to introduce the neologism cybernetics into his scientific theory. The name "cybernetics" was coined to denote the study of "teleological mechanisms" and was popularized through his book "Cybernetics, or Control and Communication in the Animal and the Machine" (MIT Press/John Wiley and Sons, NY, 1948). In the UK this became the focus for the Ratio Club.
In the early 1940s John von Neumann, although better known for his work in mathematics and computer science, did contribute a unique and unusual addition to the world of cybernetics: von Neumann cellular automata, and their logical follow up the von Neumann Universal Constructor. The result of these deceptively simple thought-experiments was the concept of self replication which cybernetics adopted as a core concept. The concept that the same properties of genetic reproduction applied to social memes, living cells, and even computer viruses is further proof of the somewhat surprising universality of cybernetic study.
Wiener popularized the social implications of cybernetics, drawing analogies between automatic systems (such as a regulated steam engine) and human institutions in his best-selling "The Human Use of Human Beings : Cybernetics and Society" (Houghton-Mifflin, 1950).
While not the only instance of a research organization focused on cybernetics, the Biological Computer Lab at the University of Illinois, Urbana/Champaign, under the direction of Heinz von Foerster, was a major center of cybernetic research for almost 20 years, beginning in 1958.
Split from artificial intelligence.
Artificial intelligence (AI) was founded as a distinct discipline at a 1956 conference. After some uneasy coexistence, AI gained funding and prominence. Consequently, cybernetic sciences such as the study of neural networks were downplayed; the discipline shifted into the world of social sciences and therapy.
Prominent cyberneticians during this period include:
New cybernetics.
In the 1970s, new cyberneticians emerged in multiple fields, but especially in biology. The ideas of Maturana, Varela and Atlan, according to Dupuy (1986) "realized that the cybernetic metaphors of the program upon which molecular biology had been based rendered a conception of the autonomy of the living being impossible. Consequently, these thinkers were led to invent a new cybernetics, one more suited to the organizations which mankind discovers in nature - organizations he has not himself invented". However, during the 1980s the question of whether the features of this new cybernetics could be applied to social forms of organization remained open to debate.
In political science, Project Cybersyn attempted to introduce a cybernetically controlled economy during the early 1970s. In the 1980s, according to Harries-Jones (1988) "unlike its predecessor, the new cybernetics concerns itself with the interaction of autonomous political actors and subgroups, and the practical and reflexive consciousness of the subjects who produce and reproduce the structure of a political community. A dominant consideration is that of recursiveness, or self-reference of political action both with regards to the expression of political consciousness and with the ways in which systems build upon themselves".
One characteristic of the emerging new cybernetics considered in that time by Felix Geyer and Hans van der Zouwen, according to Bailey (1994), was "that it views information as constructed and reconstructed by an individual interacting with the environment. This provides an epistemological foundation of science, by viewing it as observer-dependent. Another characteristic of the new cybernetics is its contribution towards bridging the "micro-macro gap". That is, it links the individual with the society". Another characteristic noted was the "transition from classical cybernetics to the new cybernetics involves a transition from classical problems to new problems. These shifts in thinking involve, among others, (a) a change from emphasis on the system being steered to the system doing the steering, and the factor which guides the steering decisions.; and (b) new emphasis on communication between several systems which are trying to steer each other".
Recent endeavors into the true focus of cybernetics, systems of control and emergent behavior, by such related fields as game theory (the analysis of group interaction), systems of feedback in evolution, and metamaterials (the study of materials with properties beyond the Newtonian properties of their constituent atoms), have led to a revived interest in this increasingly relevant field.
Subdivisions of the field.
Cybernetics is sometimes used as a generic term, which serves as an umbrella for many systems-related scientific fields.
Basic cybernetics.
Cybernetics studies systems of control as a concept, attempting to discover the basic principles underlying such things as
In biology.
Cybernetics in biology is the study of cybernetic systems present in biological organisms, primarily focusing on how animals adapt to their environment, and how information in the form of genes is passed from generation to generation. There is also a secondary focus on combining artificial systems with biological systems.
In computer science.
Computer science directly applies the concepts of cybernetics to the control of devices and the analysis of information.
In engineering.
Cybernetics in engineering is used to analyze cascading failures and System Accidents, in which the small errors and imperfections in a system can generate disasters. Other topics studied include:
In mathematics.
Mathematical Cybernetics focuses on the factors of information, interaction of parts in systems, and the structure of systems.
In sociology.
By examining group behavior through the lens of cybernetics, sociologists can seek the reasons for such spontaneous events as smart mobs and riots, as well as how communities develop rules such as etiquette by consensus without formal discussion. Affect Control Theory explains role behavior, emotions, and labeling theory in terms of homeostatic maintenance of sentiments associated with cultural categories. The most comprehensive attempt ever made in the social sciences to increase cybernetics in a generalized theory of society was made by Talcott Parsons. In this way, cybernetics establishes the basic hierarchy in Parsons' AGIL paradigm, which is the ordering system-dimension of his action theory. These and other cybernetic models in sociology are reviewed in a book edited by McClelland and Fararo.
In education.
An example of cybernetics in Education was introduced by Gihan Sami Soliman; an educational consultant, as a project idea to be implemented with the help of two team members in Sinai. The Sinai Sustainability Cybernetics Center announced as a semi-finalist project by MIT annual competition 2013. 
The project idea proposed relating education to sustainable development through an IMS project that applies a multiple educational program related to the original natural self-healing system of life on earth. Education, sustainable development, social justice disciplines interact in a casual circular relationship that education would contribute to the development of the local community in Sinai village, on both sustainability and social responsibility levels while the community itself provides a unique learning environment that will contribute to the development of the educational program in a closed signaling loop.
In art.
Nicolas Schöffer's "CYSP I" (1956) was perhaps the first artwork to explicitly employ cybernetic principles (CYSP is an acronym that joins the first two letters of the words "CYbernetic" and "SPatiodynamic"). The artist Roy Ascott elaborated an extensive theory of cybernetic art in "Behaviourist Art and the Cybernetic Vision" (Cybernetica, Journal of the International Association for Cybernetics (Namur), Volume IX, No.4, 1966; Volume X No.1, 1967) and in "The Cybernetic Stance: My Process and Purpose" (Leonardo Vol 1, No 2, 1968). Art historian Edward A. Shanken has written about the history of art and cybernetics in essays including "Cybernetics and Art: Cultural Convergence in the 1960s" and "From Cybernetics to Telematics: The Art, Pedagogy, and Theory of Roy Ascott"(2003), which traces the trajectory of Ascott's work from cybernetic art to telematic art (art using computer networking as its medium, a precursor to net.art.)
In Earth system science.
Geocybernetics aims to study and control the complex co-evolution of ecosphere and anthroposphere.
Related fields.
Complexity science.
Complexity science attempts to understand the nature of complex systems.
Biomechatronics.
Biomechatronics relates to linking mechatronics to biological organisms, leading to systems that conform to A. N. Kolmogorov's definition of Cybernetics, i.e. "Science concerned with the study of systems of any nature which are capable of receiving, storing and processing information so as to use it for control". From this perspective mechatronics are considered technical cybernetics or engineering cybernetics.

</doc>
<doc id="20786071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786071" title="Germán Jiménez">
Germán Jiménez

Germán Jiménez Camarena [he-may'-nes] (born December 5, 1962) is a former Mexican starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Atlanta Braves during the season. Listed at 5' 11", 200 lb., he batted and threw left-handed. 
Jiménez was born in Santiago Ixcuintla, Nayarit. As a teenager, he pitched for local Nayarit teams. In , he was a member of the Mexico national baseball team in the Amateur World Series, and later played for the Charros de Jalisco in the Mexican League. In 1988, he was purchased by the Braves from Jalisco and made his debut for the big team in the midseason.
In one season career, Jiménez posted a 1–6 record with a 5.01 ERA in 15 appearances, including nine starts, giving up 31 earned runs on 65 hits and 12 walks while striking out 26 in 55 ⅔ innings of work. His only win came at expense of the New York Mets, 4–2, at Shea Stadium. After that, he was demoted to Double-A Greenville Braves in 1989 and had a 11–7 mark with a 3.48 ERA in 22 starts.

</doc>
<doc id="20786079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786079" title="Robert Billing">
Robert Billing


</doc>
<doc id="20786087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786087" title="Don Landrum">
Don Landrum

Donald Leroy Landrum (February 16, 1936 – January 9, 2003) was an American professional baseball player, an outfielder in the Major Leagues from to for the San Francisco Giants, Chicago Cubs, St. Louis Cardinals and Philadelphia Phillies. Born in Santa Rosa, California, Landrum attended Mt. Diablo High School in Concord, California. He stood tall, weighed , batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
Landrum spent all or parts of eight seasons in Major League Baseball, with most of his MLB games played coming during his term for the Cubs. He was Chicago's regular center fielder in , appearing in 131 games and garnering 425 at bats. But he batted only .226 with six home runs and 34 runs batted in, and was traded to his hometown San Francisco Giants at year's end with pitcher Lindy McDaniel for pitcher Bill Hands and catcher Randy Hundley. Hands and Hundley would become key members of the Cubs' contending teams under Leo Durocher in the late 1960s, while Landrum's professional career ended after the season. He appeared in 456 MLB games, with 1,160 at-bats and 272 hits for a .234 lifetime batting mark.
Don Landrum died in Pittsburg, California, at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="20786088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786088" title="Afghansat 1">
Afghansat 1

Afghansat 1 (or EUTELSAT 48D/AFGHANSAT 1) (formerly Eutelsat W2M and later Eutelsat 48B and Eutelsat 28B) is a European communications satellite, which was launched on 20 December 2008 aboard an Ariane 5ECA carrier rocket along with the Hot Bird 9 spacecraft. It was built by EADS Astrium, based around an I-3K satellite bus provided by the Indian Space Research Organisation. It was to have been placed in geosynchronous orbit at 16°E, from where it was to provide communications services to Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East, with 32 NATO J-band (IEEE Ku band) transponders.
In January 2014 the MCIT signed an agreement with Eutelsat for satellite resources to enhance deployment of Afghanistan’s national broadcasting and telecommunications infrastructure as well as its international connectivity. The AFGHANSAT 1 satellite will support a wide range of services including broadcasting, mobile telephony backhaul and IP connectivity.
Commenting on the agreement, His Excellency Minister Sangin said: “AFGHANSAT 1 is a new milestone in the development of the ICT sector in Afghanistan, which in the last 12 years has already seen mobile telephony coverage of 88% and penetration grow from zero to 75% through the licensing of six operators, ICT sector employment provided for more than 138,000 people and more than $2.1 billion invested in the national economy. We are very happy to partner with Eutelsat on AFGHANSAT 1 which will provide access to ICT and broadcast services to Afghans, especially in unserved areas, and support our vision of transforming Afghanistan into an information society.”
W2M history
The satellite has a mass of 3,460 kg, and a planned service life of 15 years. On 28 January 2009, Eutelsat announced that it would not accept delivery of the satellite due to what was described as a "major anomaly affecting the satellite's power subsystem".
Commenting on these decisions, Eutelsat Communications Chairman and CEO Giuliano Berretta said: "The situation affecting W2M is a serious disappointment for Eutelsat. However, for many years we have pursued a strategy based on securing and expanding our in-orbit resources in order to mitigate this type of risk. Our current investment programme consequently combines early renewal of operating satellites, together with securing the fleet through readily available back-up resources, and expansion of services with larger satellites. This policy puts us in a position to absorb the unavailability of W2M without impact on the continuity of service we provide our customers."
On the same day Eutelsat also confirmed that the unavailability of W2M does not impact on the Group’s guidance for revenues in excess of 900 million euros for the 2008-2009 financial year since the W2M satellite programme is fully insured.
Although Eutelsat had originally declared that, due to the power system partial failure, W2M would not be integrated into Eutelsat’s satellite fleet; after the in-orbit failure of Eutelsat W2 in January 2010, Eutelsat decided to redeploy W2M at 16°E to provide limited back-up services for the failed W2 satellite. The satellite is currently being redeployed from 28.5° East where it has delivered 100% availibility since August 2012. Its estimated end of operational use in stable orbit is 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="20786094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786094" title="Gary North">
Gary North

Gary North may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20786096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786096" title="Thiou of Morigny">
Thiou of Morigny

Thiou of Morigny (Latin: "Teulfus Mauriniacensis") was a 12th-century French chronicler. 
Thiou was a monk in Morigny, and abbot of Saint-Crépin de Soissons from 1118 to 1136.

</doc>
<doc id="20786107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786107" title="PZL.56 Kania">
PZL.56 Kania

PZL.56 Kania was a Polish pre-war initial project of a fighter aircraft designed by Wsiewołod Jakimiuk of the PZL works. A single-seat low-wing monoplane was a development of PZL.50 Jastrząb fighter, modified to house a new Hispano-Suiza 12Y engine, then under development in France. 
While PZL.50 Jastrząb's prototype proved to be an excellent fighter, it was seriously underpowered as modern engines of sufficient power were still unavailable at the time of its construction. Its PZL-Bristol Merkury VIII engine (a license-built copy of Bristol Mercury VIIIA) had only of power, with emergency power reaching . At the same time the engineers at the French Hispano-Suiza company announced, that their line of engines marketed as Hispano-Suiza 12Y would reach of power in two to three years. Such engines would be sufficient to power the PZL.50, or any other similar fighter design considered by the Polish construction bureaus at the time. To prepare for the arrival of new engines, the PZL works organised an internal competition for a redesign of PZL.50 from a large radial engine to a smaller, more streamlined in-line engine. Poland also wanted to buy a license for even stronger engines of the new Hispano-Suiza 12Z line that would ultimately replace the 12Y series.
The contest was won in August 1939 by Wsiewołod Jakimiuk. The resulting design was an all-metal, low-wing fighter aircraft, with retractable landing gear and tail wheel. The plane was to be armed with a single 20mm gun firing through the propeller shaft and four 7.9 mm machine guns in the wings. Possibly the design would also allow for up to of bombs to be carried under the wings or the fuselage. The projected speed was to exceed . Project prepared in August 1939 was rejected in favour of PZL.55 designed by Jerzy Dąbrowski.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20786112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786112" title="Wikispaces">
Wikispaces

Wikispaces is a Free web hosting service (sometimes called a wiki farm) based in San Francisco, California. Launched March 2005, Wikispaces is owned by Tangient LLC and is among the largest wiki hosts, competing with PBworks, Wetpaint, Wikia, and Google Sites (formerly JotSpot).
Private wikis with advanced features for businesses, non-profits and educators are available for an annual fee. As of March 2008, they had more than 920,000 registered members and hosted more than 390,000 wikis. By March 2009, that number had increased to over 2.2 million registered members and more than 900,000 wikis. Wikispaces has also given away more than 100,000 premium wikis to K-12 educators.
Since 2010 Wikispaces have cooperated with web 2.0 education platform Glogster EDU. Glogster EDU embeds Glogs into Wikispaces services.

</doc>
<doc id="20786126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786126" title="Brutha (album)">
Brutha (album)

Brutha is the self-titled debut album of Brutha released on December 21, 2008 by Def Jam Recordings. The first single from the album is "I Can't Hear The Music" featuring rapper Fabolous.

</doc>
<doc id="20786130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786130" title="Ngweduang, Burma">
Ngweduang, Burma

Negwedaung is a town in eastern Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="20786144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786144" title="The Lloyd Awards">
The Lloyd Awards

The Lloyd Awards, or simply "The Lloyds," are awards of merit presented annually by the Boombox Serenade blog to recognize excellence in the use of non-score music in film. The Lloyds honor memorable cinematic moments created through use of music that was not written/composed specifically for use in film, either as score or as an original song composed for the film. They Lloyds are traditionally presented to the director of the film along with the musicians responsible for writing and performing the music and the music supervisor of the film. The Lloyds were conceived by San Franciscan music journalist, Shannon Coulter.
The Lloyd Awards have been given annually since February 2008.
Lloyd Award winners are announced annually on the film-music blog, Boombox Serenade.

</doc>
<doc id="20786154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786154" title="George Kuzma">
George Kuzma

George Martin Kuzma (July 24, 1925 – December 7, 2008) was an American Bishop for the Byzantine Catholic Church. 
At the age of 30, Kuzma was ordained as a Priest. He was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Passaic, New Jersey on November 11, 1986. He was later appointed Bishop of Van Nuys, California on October 23, 1990. He retired from the post on December 5, 2000. He was succeeded by Bishop William Skurla. 
Kuzma died on December 7, 2008 and is buried in Uniontown, PA. 

</doc>
<doc id="20786161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786161" title="Henri Puppo">
Henri Puppo

Henri Puppo (born 5 February 1913 in Le Tignet, Alpes-Maritimes - died 7 January 2012) was a professional road bicycle racer. He was born Italian, but changed his nationality to French in 1937. Puppo won one stage in the 1937 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="20786184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786184" title="John Huston (politician)">
John Huston (politician)

John Huston (1710–1795) was a farmer, soldier, merchant and politician in Nova Scotia. He represented Cumberland township from 1759 to 1760 and Cumberland County from 1770 to 1774 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He served at the siege of Louisbourg in 1745. Huston was deputy surveyor for Cumberland County. In 1759, he was named a justice of the peace. He served as a captain in the militia and probate judge. Huston was foster father to Brook Watson. His seat in the assembly was declared vacant in 1774 for non-attendance. He died at the age of 85 in Canard.

</doc>
<doc id="20786189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786189" title="John Fitzgerald (Boston Reds pitcher)">
John Fitzgerald (Boston Reds pitcher)

John H. Fitzgerald (May 30, 1870 – March 31, 1921), was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched one season in the majors with the 1891 Boston Reds. He pitched in a total of six games, started three, completed two of them. He struck out 16 batters in 32 innings pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="20786200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786200" title="1990 Stella Artois Championships">
1990 Stella Artois Championships

The 1990 Stella Artois Championships was a men's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Queen's Club in London in the United Kingdom and was part of the World Series of the 1990 ATP Tour. It was the 88th edition of the tournament and ran from June 11 through June 18, 1990. Ivan Lendl won the singles title. 

</doc>
<doc id="20786203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786203" title="Henry Hopkins (clergy)">
Henry Hopkins (clergy)

Henry Hopkins (30 November 1837 – 28 August 1908) was an American clergyman and a president of Williams College.
Life and career.
The son of Mark Hopkins, Henry Hopkins grew up in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Williams College in 1858, where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society. He studied theology at Union Seminary and was ordained as a minister in 1861.
Hopkins became president of Williams in 1902, following the service of acting president John Haskell Hewitt, and served until his planned retirement in 1908. He died of pneumonia shortly after retiring while traveling in Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20786208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786208" title="Handling Ships">
Handling Ships

Handling Ships is a 1945 British stop motion animated film made by Halas and Batchelor. The 70-minute film was created at the request of the British Admiralty, as a training aid for new navigators joining the Royal Navy. Although never formally released to cinemas because of its small target audience, "Handling Ships" was an "Official Selection" at the 1946 Cannes Film Festival, and is recognised as the first feature length work, and the first work in Technicolor, in British animation history.
Background.
After independent careers in animation, John Halas and Joy Batchelor began working together in 1938, and founded Halas and Batchelor in 1940 to create war information and propaganda films. Approximately 70 films were created for the Ministry of Information, the War Office, and the Admiralty over the course of World War II; most of these were shorts intended to improve morale or spur on increased contributions to the war effort, such as "Dustbin Parade", about recycling, and "Filling the Gap", about gardening. Halas and Batchelor also created a series of anti-fascist cartoons intended for viewing in the Middle East; starring an Arab boy named Abu, who was "enticed and misguided by the forces of Hitler and Mussolini." The heavy workload (at one point the studios were creating a minute-long short every three weeks) and minimal budgets meant that simple animations with economically driven stories were the norm.
Description.
Halas and Batchelor were approached by the Admiralty to create an instructional film for Royal Navy navigation trainees; according to Halas, the intent was to "stop young people from driving a ship like it was a car." The film was not intended as a propaganda work, instead serving as a precise guide to manoeuvring and navigating ships, along with aspects of general ship handling and control.
For "Handling Ships", Halas and Batchelor used stop motion animation of three-dimensional ship models, along with schematic designs, to simplify the intricacies and vagaries of ship movement and educate the viewer. The film was shot in 35 mm and Technicolor. Unlike previous animations by the company, "Handling Ships" was feature length, running at 70 minutes: at the time, the longest stop motion production made in the UK. The film was never released to cinema chains, as Halas and Batchelor felt it was too specialised for and of limited appeal to general audiences, and it had no propaganda value.
Significance.
After the war, "Handling Ships" was entered in the 1946 Cannes Film Festival, where it was a short film "Official Selection".
The work proved the value of stop motion animation for instructional films, and the ability of the studio of Halas and Batchelor at making them, as they were said to have "extended the medium to explain complex ideas with clarity and humour". In 1948, the Home Office commissioned a feature length training film, "Waterford Fire Fighting". This was followed in 1949 by another film for the Admiralty, "Submarine Control", for submariner training. Halas and Batchelor were responsible for the animated feature film, "Animal Farm". first released in the UK in 1954,

</doc>
<doc id="20786214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786214" title="Pittsburgh mayoral election, 2009">
Pittsburgh mayoral election, 2009

Pittsburgh held a mayoral election on November 3, 2009. Incumbent mayor Luke Ravenstahl, a Democrat, defeated his two independent challengers by a wide margin. The 2009 election was the first regular-cycle election in which Ravenstahl participated; he was originally appointed as an interim mayor to succeed Bob O'Connor and subsequently won a special election in 2007.
Primary.
The primary election was held on May 19, 2009. In the Democratic primary, incumbent Mayor Ravenstahl defeated challengers Patrick Dowd, a Pittsburgh city councilman, and Carmen Robinson, an attorney and former police officer.
The Republican primary had no names on the ballot for the office of mayor. Ravenstahl, a Democrat, won the Republican mayoral nomination with 607 write-in votes; no other candidate had the 250 write-in votes required to become the Republican nominee.
General.
Ravenstahl, having been nominated by both the Democratic Party and the Republican Party, appeared on the general-election ballot with both affiliations. He was joined by two other candidates: businessman Franco 'Dok' Harris (the son of Pittsburgh Steelers legend Franco Harris), who ran under the Franco Dok Harris Party, and attorney Kevin Acklin, who ran as an independent. Ravenstahl's relationship with lobbyist John Verbanac became a campaign issue.
Ravenstahl defeated both Harris and Acklin by a wide margin, winning over 55 percent of the vote.
Election results.
General election.
! style="background-color: #800080; width: 2px;" |

</doc>
<doc id="20786220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786220" title="Relational presentation">
Relational presentation

Relational presentation (also known as visually interactive presentation) uses standard presentation software such as Microsoft PowerPoint or Keynote in a way that, unlike most presentation structures, allows dynamic customization of messages while presenting.
Basic concepts.
Relational presentation practitioners structure their material using a combination of strategies that include hyperlinks, cognitive design principles, and even illusion to work around the normal linear constraints of slide shows.
While presenting, speakers interact with audiences rather than 'talk at' them. They use navigation devices (similar to Web navigation controls) to move around spontaneously within and between large collections of interconnected shows. Some of these navigation devices use text links and others incorporate picture thumbnails or miniature screenshots as link sources.
Theoretical basis.
Relational presentation techniques have their roots in a research project conducted by Dr. C. June Maker at the University of Arizona in the late 1990s called DISCOVER. Robert Lane went on to further refine the techniques in a book entitled Relational Presentation: A Visually Interactive Approach. Other individuals such as Chantal Bossé, Andre Vlcek, and Dr. Karen Picus have applied the concepts to corporate training, sales, and higher-education teaching respectively.
Some relational presentation concepts have close parallels within the visual literacy and media literacy movements. For example, among many visual literacy advocates a visual story is defined as a sequential set of pictures set to music and/or narration and produced as video for Web viewing. Relational presenters employ an almost identical strategy they call a picture story, which is simply a short, sequential set of pictures that helps them gradually tell a story. However, in the relational presentation context, the presenter provides live narration to complement the imagery.
Relational presentation theory is in its infancy with, at the moment, few agreed best practices to guide practitioners. A pilot study at the University of Arizona (presently in review) observed the effects of visually interactive teaching in a higher-education environment. It found that students liked the methods and were more engaged in their learning experiences. Unfortunately, no attempt has yet been made to assess whether using relational presentation techniques improve learning and retention.
See also.
Multimedia learning
References.
1. Relational Presentation: A Visually Interactive Approach - excerpt. R. A. Lane 2007 Atlas Books ISBN 978-0-9794156-0-9

</doc>
<doc id="20786222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786222" title="Cranswick plc">
Cranswick plc

Cranswick plc is a large British producer of foods and pet products. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History.
The company was founded by Jim Bloom, Mike Field and twenty-one other East Riding of Yorkshire farmers producing pig feed in 1974 under the name "Cranswick Mill". It subsequently diversified into food production. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1993. It also diversified into pet products in 1993 with the purchase of George Buckton.
Operations.
The Company is a producer of foods and pet products:

</doc>
<doc id="20786237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786237" title="The Hazards of Love">
The Hazards of Love

The Hazards of Love is the fifth album by the American indie rock band The Decemberists, released through Capitol Records and Rough Trade in 2009. The album was inspired by an Anne Briggs EP titled "The Hazards of Love". According to the band, frontman Colin Meloy set out to write a song with the album's title—eventually leading to an entire album. Becky Stark (of Lavender Diamond), Shara Worden (of My Brightest Diamond), and Jim James (of My Morning Jacket) provide guest vocals throughout the album, while Robyn Hitchcock makes a cameo guitar appearance in "An Interlude". 
"The Hazards of Love" is a rock opera, with all songs contributing to a unified narrative, similar to the use of recurring stories in "The Crane Wife". The plot is a love story: a woman named Margaret (voiced by Stark) falls in love with a shape-shifting boreal forest dweller named William (voiced by Meloy). William's mother, a jealous fairy queen (voiced by Worden) and the villainous Rake (also voiced by Meloy) bring conflict to the album's story arc.
Concept.
While riding through the taiga, Margaret finds an injured fawn. When she stops to help it, the fawn changes into a young man named William, and the two make love ("The Hazards of Love 1 (The Prettiest Whistles Won't Wrestle the Thistles Undone)"). Margaret soon learns she is pregnant ("A Bower Scene") and flees to the forest to find William ("Won't Want for Love (Margaret in the Taiga)"). William comes to Margaret and proclaims his love for her ("The Hazards of Love 2 (Wager All)"), but a short mysterious instrumental announces the threat of William's mother, the Forest Queen ("The Queen's Approach") and the end of the first "act".
William and Margaret reminisce about their first meeting and anticipate the birth of their child ("Isn't It a Lovely Night?") when they are discovered by the Forest Queen. William begs the Queen to allow him to be with Margaret, but the Queen accuses him of being ungrateful, pointing out that she rescued him from the human world when he was a baby and bestowed on him immortality. Their exchange continues until the Queen resolves to allow William one night as a mortal man with Margaret, but afterwards reclaim him forever ("The Wanting Comes in Waves/Repaid"). Another short instrumental ("An Interlude") marks the end of the second "act."
Elsewhere, we meet the Rake, a widower who feels no remorse about having murdered his three children ("The Rake's Song"). Ruthlessly breaking her promise, the Queen commands the Rake to kidnap Margaret ("The Abduction of Margaret") and violate her, then further flaunts her power by parting a raging river to allow his escape ("The Queen's Rebuke/The Crossing"). William pursues the Rake, but is unable to cross the river until he offers his own life in exchange for safe passage ("Annan Water").
The Rake gloats over Margaret, while she calls for William to rescue her ("Margaret in Captivity"). Before the Rake can strike, the ghosts of his three murdered children appear ("The Hazards of Love 3 (Revenge!)"). William arrives and escapes with Margaret ("The Wanting Comes in Waves (Reprise)"), but, as they are crossing the river, it takes its claim over William's life, drowning both him and Margaret. As they sink into the water, William and Margaret proclaim their love a final time, reflecting that, in death, "the hazards of love" can no longer trouble them ("The Hazards of Love 4 (The Drowned)").
Reception.
On January 15, 2009, "The Rake's Song" became available as a free download on the band's MySpace page. This was followed on February 16, 2009, by "The Hazards of Love 1", again on MySpace.
On March 13, 2009, The Decemberists announced that the album would be released on iTunes on March 17, 2009. The album was released on iTunes Australia on March 14, 2009. On March 20, 2009, "Entertainment Weekly" began streaming the full album on imeem.
This album entered the US charts at #14, selling 19,000 copies in its first week.
The album's artwork direction and concept were by Mario Hugo, with illustration by Carson Ellis and Colin Meloy
After the album's release, four filmmakers (Peter Sluszka, Julia Pott, Guilherme Marcondes, and Santa Maria) made an animated visual accompaniment to the music, "Here Come the Waves: The Hazards of Love Visualized". It does not include narrative elements, but is related through the shape of the music. It has been shown publicly in a few locations.
In February 2012, Player's Theatre - in Montreal, Canada - staged the album under the name "The Hazards of Love: A Folk Opera" with dialogue written to accompany the original Decemberists music. The script was written and directed by James Hugh Keenan Campbell and Charles Harries, and starred Montreal actors Emily Skahan and John Pleasants, among others. Robin Warner, a Montreal jazz bassist, directed the six person pit band.
Track listing.
All songs written by Colin Meloy except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20786238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786238" title="Brendan O'Carroll's Hot Milk and Pepper">
Brendan O'Carroll's Hot Milk and Pepper

"Brendan O'Carroll's Hot Milk and Pepper" was an RTÉ television quiz show show presented by Brendan O'Carroll and also starring Gerry Browne that was broadcast for two series between 1996 and 1998. The show featured two teams of four competing each week.
History.
Production company Frontier Films devised "Brendan O'Carroll's Hot Milk and Pepper" as a comedy quiz show vehicle for Brendan O'Carroll. It was devised as a replacement quiz show for "Where in the World?" which ended in 1996.
Format.
"Hot Milk and Pepper" featured two teams of four - the pink team and the green team. Each member of the team was linked (e.g. all four members of the team were taxi drivers from the same firm).
Round One: Connections
The first round featured each member of the team picking the odd-one-out from a group of three related elements (e.g. Greek Gods). The four remaining odd elements were also linked and extra points were given if a team could name the connection.
Round Two: Match Up
The second round featured two columns of eight. Each word in the left-hand column could match up to a related word on the right-hand column (e.g. US states and their capitals). Each contestant had to answer two questions each. If a team member got a question wrong the opposing team had a chance to steal and the question was passed over.
Round Three: Risky Business
In this buzzer round the teams have to guess which word could come before of after another word. As extra words are revealed to help, the points awarded diminishes.
Round Four: Go For Broke
The final round was for the winners of the previous three rounds. Each member could choose their own prize from the show's catalogue beforehand, but would only win the prize if the round was successfully completed. Prizes ranged from video recorders to holidays abroad. The final round featured twelve elements all linked to three different topics. There were three "red herrings". The team had to match up the different elements to the different topics and had two extra lives to do so.
Production.
"Brendan O'Carroll's Hot Milk and Pepper" was broadcast on RTÉ One on Sunday evenings from 8:00 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. For the second half of the second series the show moved to Friday evenings at 8:30 p.m. The show was pre-recorded before broadcast in Studio 4 in the RTÉ Television Centre at Donnybrook, Dublin 4. Following the initial two series the show was repeated in early morning and afternoon slots for the 1998-99 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20786250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786250" title="Bazar Valley Campaign">
Bazar Valley Campaign

The Bazar Valley Campaign of 1908 was a punitive expedition against the Zakka Khel clan of the Afridi, a Pathan tribe inhabiting the mountains on the Peshawar border of the North West Frontier province of British India. It was undertaken by the Bazar Valley Field Force, under the command of General Sir James Willcocks. The campaign began on 14 February 1908, and was concluded by a jirga and peace on 1 March 1908. The satirical magazine, Punch, characterised the campaign as Willcocks’ Weekend War. The main British Army elements were the Seaforth Highlanders and the 37th Lancers. Regiments of the British Indian Army included sections of the 45th and 53rd Sikhs, the Madras Sappers and 5 Gorkha Rifles. Archibald Percival, 1st Earl Wavell took part in this campaign as a junior officer.

</doc>
<doc id="20786251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786251" title="PZL.53 Jastrząb II">
PZL.53 Jastrząb II

__NOTOC__
PZL.53 Jastrząb II ("Hawk") was a project of Polish pre-war fighter aircraft developed from PZL.50 Jastrząb and designed by Wsiewołod Jakimiuk of the PZL works. A single-seat low-wing monoplane was to serve as a multi-purpose fighter and escort and reinforcement for PZL.50 Jastrząb in the Polish Air Force.
Initial design was prepared in 1939 and was based on PZL.50 Jastrząb but aircraft had greater bomb load (300 kg compared to 100 kg in PZL.50) and two additional 20 mm guns. Aircraft was designed for much stronger 1200-1300 hp engine chosen from PZL Bristol Herkules III, PZL Waran, Pratt-Whitney or Gnome-Rhône 14R4 engines.

</doc>
<doc id="20786267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786267" title="Jacek Zieliński (footballer born 1961)">
Jacek Zieliński (footballer born 1961)

Jacek Zieliński (born March 22, 1961 in Tarnobrzeg) is a Polish footballer, and football coach. He currently manages ?.
Career.
Zieliński began his career at Siarka Tarnobrzeg, and became captain in the 1977 season.
Manager career.
Zieliński later took over the manager role at many Polish clubs, such as Korona Kielce, GKS Bełchatów, Górnik Łęczna, Groclin Dyskobolia, and Polonia Warsaw.
On 5 June 2009 he took over Lech Poznań where he won Polish Championship in 2009/2010 season. After defeat in Champions League third round qualifications, team was moved to Europa League then won next games and has been promoted to group stage of this tournament. Under management of Jacek Zieliński club successfully compete with Juventus and Manchester City but same time in Polish Ekstraklasa was one of worst teams among others. This resulted in his dismissal from Lech Poznań manager on 5 November 2010.
On 22 March 2011 Jacek Zieliński, after 2 years break, returned on position of Polonia Warsaw manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20786269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786269" title="6933d Electronic Security Squadron">
6933d Electronic Security Squadron

The 6933rd Electronic Security Squadron was a signals intelligence unit of the United States Air Force.
During the Cold War, the US military established the Karamürsel Air Station, just outside the village of Karamürsel, Turkey. The Station was located on the Sea of Marmara and was originally built by the German Luftwaffe during World War II. The USAF opened the Station in 1957 in support of the 6933rd Radio Group Mobile communications operations and designated it Detachment 3 of The United States Logistics Group(TUSLOG). It was also known as Mainsite, as it exercised administrative control over at least two other sites designated Det 3-1 and Det 3-2. The site remained in operation until the late 1970s.
TUSLOG Det 3 (USAF) (6933rd RGM, USAFSS) was first established at Ankara in 1956 then moved to Karamursel and operated from 1957 to 1975. Det 3 became the 6933rd Security Wing around 1964 or 1965. Also when the 6933rd became a Wing-level unit, all of the Security Service units in Turkey plus the 6937th Communications Group (USAFSS) in Peshawar, Pakistan became subordinate units to the wing.
Fixed Operations significantly improved with the installation of a USAFSS AN/FLR-9 "Elephant Cage" antenna at the 6933rd SS, Karamursel AS, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20786274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786274" title="Wilier Triestina">
Wilier Triestina

Wilier Triestina is an Italian manufacturer of racing bicycles, founded in 1906 by Pietro Dal Molin in Bassano del Grappa, Italy. They are now based in Rossano Veneto, Italy.
The company name originated as an acronym for the phrase “W l’Italia liberata e redenta”, where the W is an abbreviation for "Viva!" (Long live Italy, liberated and redeemed)
According to Wilier Triestina's US company website, the proper pronunciation of their name is /Vee’-lee-air Tree-es-tee’-na/.
World Champion Alessandro Ballan and runner up Damiano Cunego rode Wilier bicycles to victory in the 2008 UCI Road World Championships.
History.
Wilier Triestina got its start in a modest workshop on the banks of the river Brenta in San Fortunato by Pietro Dal Molin from Bassano del Grappa, Italy in the summer of 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="20786275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786275" title="Factory Air">
Factory Air

Factory Air is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in June 1996. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="20786284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786284" title="Jim Jackson (baseball)">
Jim Jackson (baseball)

James Benner (Jim) Jackson (November 28, 1877 – October 9, 1955) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Jackson played for the Baltimore Orioles, the New York Giants, and the Cleveland Naps in and , and again from to . In 348 career games, he had a .235 batting average with 300 hits in 1274 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
He attended the University of Pennsylvania.
Jackson was born and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20786295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786295" title="Elementary calculus">
Elementary calculus

Elementary calculus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20786302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786302" title="1981 Vienna synagogue attack">
1981 Vienna synagogue attack

The 1981 Vienna synagogue attack was a terror attack on the Stadttempel of Vienna, Austria carried out by Palestinian terrorists of the Abu Nidal organization. 
Attack.
The machine-gun and grenade attack killed two people and wounded thirty attending a Bar mitzvah service at the Stadttemple in Vienna on August 29, 1981. Two Palestinian gunmen, Marwan Hasan, 25 years old, of Jordan, and Hesham Mohammed Rajeh, 21, born in Iraq, were convicted of murder and attempted murder. Rajeh was also indicted for the May 1 slaying of Heinz Nittel, head of the Austrian-Israel Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20786324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786324" title="1991 Bangladesh census">
1991 Bangladesh census

In 1991, the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics, conducted a national census in Bangladesh. They recorded data from all of the districts and upazilas and main cities in Bangladesh including statistical data on population size, households, sex and age distribution, marital status, economically active population, literacy and educational attainment, religion, number of children etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20786349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786349" title="Koptyush, Belarus">
Koptyush, Belarus

Koptyush is a town in north-eastern Belarus.

</doc>
<doc id="20786357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786357" title="Hot Bird 13C">
Hot Bird 13C

Hot Bird 13C, formerly Hot Bird 9, is a communications satellite operated by Eutelsat, launched 20 December 2008 aboard an Ariane 5ECA carrier rocket along with the Eutelsat W2M spacecraft. It was built by EADS Astrium, based around a Eurostar E3000 satellite bus. It was positioned in geosynchronous orbit at 13°E. After in-orbit testing it will provide communications services to Europe, North Africa and the Middle East, with 64 NATO J-band (IEEE Ku band) transponders.
The satellite has a mass of 4,880 kilograms, and an expected service life of 15 years. It is identical to the Hot Bird 8 and Hot Bird 10 satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="20786388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786388" title="Joan Thirsk">
Joan Thirsk

Irene Joan Thirsk, CBE, MA (Oxon), PhD, FBA, FRHistS (née "Watkins"; 19 June 1922 – 3 October 2013), was a British economic and social historian, specialising in the history of agriculture.
She was one of the leading economic and social historians of the 20th century, having greatly influenced the methodology and direction of research. She had a major influence on this field, and her most prominent contribution has been to use as a source for the first time, local manuscripts. She worked first as assistant lecturer in sociology at the London School of Economics, then senior research fellow at the University of Leicester (1951–65). She was reader in economic history at Oxford University between 1975 and 1983. She was the editor of "The agrarian history of England and Wales" (for volumes 4–6) from 1964 to 1972 and in 1974 was appointed general editor of the series.
She sat on the editorial board of Past & Present from 1957 to 1992. She was appointed a fellow of the British Academy in 1974 and made a Commander of the British Empire in 1993.
During the Second World War she worked as an intelligence analyst at Bletchley Park, providing information that assisted Hut 6 in the breaking of the Enigma ciphers and added substantially to the substance of the subsequent intelligence reports. She worked in the Sixta traffic analysis group alongside her future husband Jimmy.

</doc>
<doc id="20786391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786391" title="Arbia">
Arbia

The Arbia is a torrent in Tuscany, central Italy, an affluence of the Ombrone river. Its source is located in the "comune" of Castellina in Chianti, at 620 m of altitude. it flows into the Ombrone near Buonconvento.
The rivers is mentioned by Dante in his Divine Comedy, its waters getting "colored of red" (Inferno, Canto X, verse 86) in the wake of the Battle of Montaperti between Florence and Siena. Localities taking their names from Arbria include the "comune" of Monteroni d'Arbia and the "frazioni" of Isola d'Arbia, Taverne d'Arbia (both in the "comune" of Siena) and Arbia ("comune" of Asciano).

</doc>
<doc id="20786392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786392" title="HP Open">
HP Open

The HP Open (HP Japan Women’s Open Tennis) is a professional women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. The event is affiliated with the Women's Tennis Association (WTA), and is an International-level tournament on the WTA Tour. The event was held for the first time in 2009, and was the second tournament of the season held in Japan: the Toray Pan Pacific Open, a $2 million Premier tournament, was held two weeks before.

</doc>
<doc id="20786397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786397" title="Mike Bell (wrestler)">
Mike Bell (wrestler)

Michael "Mike" Bell (March 18, 1971 – December 14, 2008) was an American professional wrestler who worked for the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) as Mike "Mad Dog" Bell. He is the brother of Mark Bell.
Professional wrestling career.
Bell worked as a jobber for the WWF during the early 1990s and appeared on "Monday Night Raw", though he never had a contract with the company. He later worked with ECW and appeared at the Mid-Hudson Civic Center.
Bell was well known amongst the wrestling community after an incident with professional wrestler Perry Saturn during a dark match in the WWF. During the match, Bell attempted a snapmare armdrag on Perry, which left Perry "out on feet". Neither sustained serious injury.
Personal life.
Bell, who had a history with substance abuse, was featured in the documentary "Bigger, Stronger, Faster" along with his two brothers. On December 14, 2008, he was found dead at a rehabilitation facility in Costa Mesa, California. Bell was 37 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20786411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786411" title="John Fitzgerald (1950s pitcher)">
John Fitzgerald (1950s pitcher)

John Francis Fitzgerald (Born: September 15, 1933 in Brooklyn, New York), is a retired American Major League Baseball player who pitched one game in the Majors with the 1958 San Francisco Giants. He pitched in one games, started it, and threw three innings. He struck out three batters, and gave up just one hit, a home run to Joe Cunningham.

</doc>
<doc id="20786427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786427" title="The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World">
The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World

The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World (2007) is a middle-age or young-adult novel by E.L. Konigsburg. It is a kind of detective story and some reviews present it as mystery fiction. 
Amedeo Kaplan is both new boy and rich boy in the sixth grade. He longs to discover something "no one" yet knows. He volunteers to help liquidate the portable property of an elderly woman who once sang opera in Europe and finds himself learning more about degenerate art and the German occupation of the Netherlands.
"The Mysterious Edge" is a kind of sequel to "The Outcasts of 19 Schuyler Place" (2004). Margaret Kane's two executive allies in "The Outcasts" are Amedeo Kaplan's godfather and mother here, about fifteen years later, and Vanderwaal family history is one aspect of "The Mysterious Edge".
Setting.
"Mysterious Edge" is set in the present
and primarily in the private residential part of St. Malo, Florida, a fictional navy town. One secondary setting is the art center in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, directed by Peter Vanderwaal. Backstory events occurred in Amsterdam, Vienna, and Epiphany, New York —the fictional city in Greater New York where the Bevilacquas, Roses, and Vanderwaals all lived at 17 to 21 Schuyler Place for a decade or two after World War II. 
"The Outcasts of 19 Schuyler Place" (2004) itself provides some backstory for "The Mysterious Edge". Epiphany, New York, is the primary setting for two other novels, "The View from Saturday" and "Silent to the Bone".
Summary.
Amedeo Kaplan and his divorced mother Loretta Bevilacqua have moved from Epiphany, New York to St. Malo, Florida. He is a new boy at school for the first time, and does not yet have friends (September). He is happy to befriend the next-door neighbor Mrs. Zender, an opera singer on the European circuit in the fifties, who retired then retired with a European husband to her childhood mansion in St. Malo. Mrs. Zender is moving to Waldorf Court while she can still afford it and Amedeo volunteers to help liquidate most of her possessions. 
From his artist father Jake Kaplan, who lives back north, and many visits to the fine arts institutions of New York City, Amedeo is already a novice expert on paintings and drawings, at least. Working with classmate William Wilcox and his single mother, the professional appraiser and estate liquidator Mrs. Zender has engaged, he learns a lot more about the business, about people, and about Mrs. Zender who is in and out of every room they work.
Amedeo's godfather Peter Vanderwaal, who directs an art center is preparing to host a traveling exhibition of Degenerate Art, a selection from the 1937 exhibition "Entartete Kunst" in Munich, the heart of Nazi Germany. Meanwhile, Peter's father John has died in Epiphany and his mother Mrs. Vanderwaal has pressed upon him a box that contains his father's life story. Also in the meantime, Amedeo finds on a Zender bookshelf a small drawing signed "Modigliani" —apparently the modern artist Modigliani. From Peter, he learns that Modigliani died young (in 1920); his paintings and drawings were commonly forged in post-war Europe. 
On the one hand, Amedeo finally recalls that the drawing is familiar because he has seen it many times, within a family photo displayed at the Vanderwaal home. On the other hand, Amedeo and William come to suspect that Mrs. Zender planted the drawing for him to find. Peter never looked closely at John Vanderwaal's box before his mother repossessed it at the exhibition, but Mrs. Vanderwaal follows up a phone conversation with her son by driving her Winnebago to St. Malo and delivering the "life" directly to Amedeo and William. 
With John Vanderwaal in hand and Mrs. Zender at hand, Amedeo and William pursue the mystery.
Reception.
Angela Leeper of Book Page reviewed the book saying, "Each interlocking piece of this mystery produces an astounding puzzle that shows the importance of art, history, family and friendship. For middle-grade readers and younger teens, The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World is a true find!"
Matt Berman of Common Sense Media reviewed the book saying, "This is clearly not for everyone, or even for most. Konigsburg not only writes about gifted children, she expects her experienced readers to be equally clever, to be comfortable with ambiguity and sophisticated vocabulary (or at least willing to look things up), and to be willing not only to read, but to think." 
Mark David Bradshaw of Watermark Books reviewed the book saying, "The interplay between these characters is subtle and absorbing, and Konigsburg does a masterly job of showing us that the biggest truths can’t just be dug up or dusted off—they can only be discovered by attempting to understand the crazy and amazing hearts of the people around us."

</doc>
<doc id="20786428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786428" title="South American Business Forum">
South American Business Forum

The South American Business Forum, also known as 'SABF', is an annual conference that takes place at the Instituto Tecnológico de Buenos Aires in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The forum aims, through dialogue and the interaction between current leaders and future leaders, to make a contribution to the sustainable development of South America and the world.
The South American Business Forum was founded in 2005, and has been organized annually since then by students of the Instituto Tecnológico de Buenos Aires. The event gathers 100 university students from all around the world and 40 prominent international leaders from the academical, financial, political and social spheres.
Mission.
The South American Business Forum purpose is to bring together the most talented students in the region with top business leaders under the same topic: corporate ethics and sustainable development. Dialogue and debate between leaders of today and leaders of tomorrow will permit an invaluable exchange of perspectives of the World.
The Forum's ideal is to promote the values which leaders must pursuit in order to contribute to the World's sustainable development. The SABF team strongly believes that this event will be a unique opportunity to make a direct contribution to South America.
SABF editions.
Past editions.
In the SABF's past seven editions, 770 students of 62 different nationalities have participated. Students from universities such as Harvard University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, London School of Economics and Universidad Autónoma de Madrid, among others have participated of the forum. Doug Casey (American-born economist and best-selling financial author), Viktor Klima (Former Chancellor of Austria), Nabeel Goheer, (Global Coordinator - Youth Entrepreneurship Development, International Labour Organization), Félix Luna (Argentinian Writer and Historian) and Guy Sorman (President, Sorman Editions) are amongst the prominent leaders who have taken part of the event.
8th Edition
“Global Objectives, Collaborative Actions” August 3–05, 2012
7th Edition
“Facing Exponential Times” August 5–07, 2011
6th Edition
“Boosting Our Actions In the new Decade“ August 6–08, 2010
5th Edition
“New Paradigms, New Challenges” August 7–09, 2009
4th Edition
“Empowering Agents of Changes” August 8–10, 2008
3rd Edition
“Positioning Strategies for Sustainable Development” August 3–05, 2007
2nd Edition
“Politics and Social Responsibility in a Globalized World” August 4–06, 2006
1st Edition
“The Challenges of New Leaders: Values, Technology and Innovation“ August 12–14, 2005
2013 edition.
The 9th edition of the forum will take place in Buenos Aires on 8–10 August 2013, and its main topic will be "Rethinking the Rules of the Game".

</doc>
<doc id="20786430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786430" title="Randi Gustad">
Randi Gustad

Randi Heggemsnes Gustad (born 1977) is a Norwegian team handball player
She played for the club Nordstrand IF and for the Norwegian national team. She participated at the 2004 European Women's Handball Championship, where the team won gold medals. She also played at the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship, where the team finished ninth.
Outside of sports, she is a jurist. She lives in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="20786434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786434" title="The Agrarian History of England and Wales">
The Agrarian History of England and Wales

The Agrarian History of England and Wales is an academic work, published by Cambridge University Press, which in 8 volumes covers the period from the origins to 1939.
Historian Joan Thirsk has been the editor for volumes 4-6, and in 1974 she was appointed general editor of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20786443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786443" title="Richard B. Landolt">
Richard B. Landolt

Richard B. Landolt is a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. He commands the Amphibious Force for the 7th Fleet (Task Force 76) in Okinawa, Japan.
He has served as a senior fellow on the Chief of Naval Operations Strategic Studies Group. In addition he also served as the deputy director of the Expeditionary Warfare Division for the United States Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="20786446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786446" title="Ali Alsgozy Stadium">
Ali Alsgozy Stadium

The Ali Alsgozy Stadium is a football stadium situated in Tripoli, Libya.
The stadium has a capacity of around 3,000. It is named after the famous Al Ittihad defender Ali Alsgozy.

</doc>
<doc id="20786477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786477" title="KKBO">
KKBO

KKBO (105.9 FM, "The Rig") is a country music radio station licensed to Flasher, North Dakota. It serves the Bismarck-Mandan metropolitan area. The station broadcasts from a storefront studio on North 4th Street in Bismarck (along with sister station KXRV).
History.
The station was launched by Connoisseur Media, LLC on December 19, 2008. KKBO was sold to Larry Schmidt's Radio Bismarck-Mandan in September 2012. The purchase was consummated on October 1, 2012 at a price of $700,000. On December 10, 2012 KKBO changed their format from adult hits (as "Bob FM") to country, branded as "105.9 The Big Rig".

</doc>
<doc id="20786478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786478" title="Christoph Franke">
Christoph Franke

Christoph Franke (born 20 December 1944) is a German football coach and former player.

</doc>
<doc id="20786492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786492" title="PZL.55">
PZL.55

"This fighter is sometimes called "PZL.62", but the correct designation is PZL.55."
PZL.55 was a Polish pre-war initial project for a fighter aircraft, designed by Jerzy Dąbrowski of the PZL works. The design was for a single-seat low-wing monoplane, developed from the PZL.26 sports plane and private sports plane project designed by Jerzy Dąbrowski for his own purposes.
The prototype PZL.55/I was designed for the Hispano-Suiza 12Y inline engine but production aircraft were intended to be powered by Hispano-Suiza 12Z inline engines.

</doc>
