<doc id="19127472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127472" title="Antti Sakari Saario">
Antti Sakari Saario

Antti Saario is a contemporary electroacoustic composer and academic.[http://www.lancs.ac.uk/fass/faculty/profiles/Antti-Saario/LICA/]
Career.
Born in Lahti, Finland, Antti Sakari Saario graduated in Mathematics and Electronic music at Keele University in 1997. 
He continued his studies in composition under Jonty Harrison at The University Of Birmingham - working with Birmingham ElectroAcoustic Sound Theatre ( BEAST ) - receiving his PHD in 2001. [http://www.lancs.ac.uk/fass/faculty/profiles/Antti-Saario/LICA/] His numerous postgraduate compositions have been performed in a variety of venues and through a wide range of mediums - Most notably 
"B-Side (1998)" — A Fixed media composition. This was Released on Spike "Works from BEAST — vol. 1". London: Sargasso Records. It was further featured in the Canadian Electroacoustic Community’s release "Presence II" "B-Side" (1998) was positively reviewed by Rajmil Fischman in Sonic Arts Network’s publication "Diffusion", reprinted in "eContact!" [http://cec.sonus.ca/Presence_II/Review_Fischman.htm 
After a period of experimental work in Norway, Antti Sakari Saario undertook his current teaching post at Falmouth University. [http://www.lancs.ac.uk/fass/faculty/profiles/Antti-Saario/LICA/] His second wave of non-commercial compositional output began to emerge in the 2006 and has continued to date. Notable compositions have included :
"Making Space: When The Curtain Falls (2007) " - an acousmatic play for multichannel playback system and blacked-out space, performed as part of Nuffield Theatre's Making Space 2007 bursary/mini-residency scheme. [http://www.lancs.ac.uk/fass/faculty/profiles/Antti-Saario/LICA/] This work was featured at ACMC 2008, Sydney Conservatorium of Music - The University of Sydney, Australia in July 2008.
"Flocking: an improvatorio (2007-)for voices, string quartet and live-electronics. A free improvisation led by Steve Lewis [http://www.deepcabaret.co.uk/deep%20cabaret%20vox/indexvox.htm in collaboration with David Prior. This was a site specific performance at Ashton Memorial as part of Lancaster Jazz Festival. It subsequently featured at View Two Gallery, Liverpool, UK on Sept 6th, 2007. [http://www.viewtwogallery.co.uk/. A DVD of the Jazz Festival performance was produced with a 5.1 surround audio recording by David Prior, Saario and video artist Jenny McCabe.[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEqtKj9pnms&feature=related]
Influences.
Dr Saario's work reflect his evolution as a composer - he readily acknowledges the influence of his tutors and collaborators on his work. Jonty Harrison, David Prior, Iain Armstrong and Robert Penman have left a telling influence on his sonic production. One characteristic feature of Dr Saarios work is his willingness to counterbalance within his work a wide range of aesthetic and academic approaches. The literary output of William S. Burroughs has been evident since his earliest compositions. The philosophy of Deleuze and Guattari and the filmwork of David Lynch and the Dogma 95 collaboration in particular underpin his composition as well as his academic approach. Since 2001 majority of his output has been collaborative, and in many instances interdisciplinary (e.g. 'The Hollywoods' and 'Aboriginal Terraformations' with visual artist Amanda Newall, and the [zygote concept with composer and musicologist Martin Iddon). His personal interests in martial arts can be clearly evidenced in the his recent work - "Making Space: When The Curtain Falls (2007)" .[http://www.nuffieldtheatre.com/archive/details.asp?eventIdentifier=2007529_80331058. Dr Saario is a senior student of Nick Hudis - acclaimed bodyworker and Qigong teacher [http://www.hunyuantaiji.co.uk/pages/contacts.php

</doc>
<doc id="19127473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127473" title="HealthNewsReview.org">
HealthNewsReview.org

HealthNewsReview.org is a web-based project that rates the completeness, accuracy, and balance of U.S. news stories that include claims about medical treatments, tests, products and procedures. It builds on the pioneering initiative of the Media Doctor website in Australia. Its 10-point grading scale includes whether a story gives information about its sources and their competing interests, quantifies the benefits of a treatment, and appraises the evidence supporting the story's claims.
Gary Schwitzer, the publisher of HealthNewsReview.org, was formerly a journalist at CNN and founded the website in 2006 while teaching journalism at the University of Minnesota. also publishes the Health News Watchdog blog, which resides within the broader HealthNewsReview.org site. (The blog was formerly known as Gary Schwitzer's HealthNewsReview blog.) The blog covers a wider range of health care issues and how they are discussed in the public sphere, including health care industry marketing, advertising and public relations messages.
The project monitors the Associated Press, Reuters, HealthDay, TIME, Newsweek, U.S. News & World Report, NPR.org, MSNBC.com, CNN.com, WebMD and 10 of the leading U.S. newspapers, ranked by circulation. The site stopped reviewing network television health news stories in 2009 after analyzing 228 stories. Two or three reviewers evaluate each story, drawing from a team of more than two dozen journalists, physicians, researchers and two breast cancer survivors - all trained in the evaluation of evidence. 
In its first 22 months, the website reviewed 500 news stories, and found that they usually failed to discuss evidence quality, alternative options, costs, and absolute sizes of benefits and harms. At that time, the editors of the journal PLoS Medicine wrote: “Schwitzer’s alarming report card of the trouble with medical news stories is thus a wake-up call for all of us involved in disseminating health research-researchers, academic institutions, journal editors, reporters, and media organizations-to work collaboratively to improve the standards of health reporting.” In 2011, the Columbia Journalism Review website published an update on the site's findings. At the end of 2011, the site reported some signs of improvement in health news grades when it compared the first 814 stories reviewed with the next 855 stories analyzed. 
Journalists whose work is reviewed are sent an email with a link to the story review. It is the only such systematic feedback project for health care journalists in the U.S. The site also offers a toolkit to help journalists and consumers learn how to evaluate evidence. 
Visitors to the site are able to check on the grades of news organizations currently being reviewed.
There were once six such international projects, all using the same basic criteria to evaluate the quality of news stories. However, from the following list, the Australian and Canadian efforts have stopped publishing because of funding problems: 
In 2006, the year the project launched, it was honored with a Knight-Batten Award for Innovations in Journalism. In 2007, it won a Mirror Award to honor those "who hold a mirror to their own industry for the public’s benefit." In 2009, Schwitzer's blog was named Best Medical Blog in competition hosted by Medgadget.com. 
The project received its initial support from the Informed Medical Decisions Foundation, but the Foundation assigned total editorial control to Schwitzer, who worked for the Foundation from 1991-1999, producing shared decision-making video programs. The Foundation's funding of the project ended in 2013. 
The project has a Facebook page.

</doc>
<doc id="19127476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127476" title="Akemi">
Akemi

Possible writings.
Akemi can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19127512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127512" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1932–1934">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1932–1934

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1932 to 21 May 1934. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19127524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127524" title="Declan Hill">
Declan Hill

Declan Hill is a journalist, academic and consultant. He is one of the world’s foremost experts on match-fixing and corruption in international sports. In 2008, Hill, as a Chevening Scholar, obtained his doctorate in Sociology at the University of Oxford. His book "‘The Fix: Organized Crime and Soccer’" has appeared in fifteen languages. It outlines the new danger to international sport posed by the globalization of the gambling market and possible match-fixing at the highest levels of professional football (soccer) including the Champions League and FIFA World Cup tournaments. Hill has also published a number of academic articles, is a reviewer for "Global Integrity" and has probed the impact of the Russian mafia on professional ice hockey.
Early years.
A graduate of the National Theatre School of Canada, University of Trinity College (Toronto) and University of Oxford. Hill acted in minor roles at the Shaw Festival and other Canadian theatres, then in India on the "Doordshan" television series "‘Bhaarat ek Khoj’". Because of his experiences in a Calcutta street clinic he gradually drifted away from theatre, becoming one of the founding volunteers of the Canadian chapter of "Doctors without Borders" (MSF) and then moved into journalism. Hill worked for the "Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)" first as an investigative journalist at the flagship program "The Fifth Estate" then as an anchor for "Newsworld International". His programs and articles have also appeared on the BBC Radio World Service, BBC Radio 4, The Guardian and the Sunday Telegraph (London), as well as various new media outlets.
Current work.
Before publishing "The Fix," Hill completed documentaries on the widespread murders of Filipino journalists, the killing of the head of the Canadian mafia, blood feuds in Kosovo, ethnic cleansing in Iraq, pagan religions in Bolivia and honour killings in Turkey.
He has also given presentations to a number of organizations including the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Council of Europe, the Dutch Football Association (KNVB) and the Australian and New Zealand Sports Lawyers Association. Hill is also the winner of the 2007 Canadian Association of Journalists Award for best investigative radio documentary and is an Amnesty International Canada 2003 Media Award Winner.
In his spare time, Hill is a keen amateur boxer and leads groups of recreational and competitive fighters to train in Havana, Cuba. On March 31, 2012, Hill won a charity boxing match as part of Fight for the Cure in support the Ottawa Regional Cancer Foundation.
Public dispute.
In September 2013, following the arrest of match-fixers in Singapore, Hill was interviewed on BBC Radio World Service where he claimed the Singapore Police Force to have offered protection to the accused from prosecution. This was strongly disputed by the Singapore government as baseless and challenged him to come forth with any evidence to substantiate his claims. In response to Declan's claims, Ronald Noble, Secretary General of Interpol said that ""Those who do not recognise the commitment and resources that Singapore has devoted to identifying those believed to be responsible for match-fixing cases, or those who seek publicity -- simply to criticise every positive development that occurs in fighting match-fixing should simply open their eyes and look at the facts."" 

</doc>
<doc id="19127529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127529" title="Stoptail bridge">
Stoptail bridge

A stoptail bridge (sometimes also called a stopbar bridge) used on a solid body electric guitar or archtop guitar is a specialized kind of fixed hard-tail bridge. Hard-tail bridged guitars are distinguished as a class from tailed bridge guitars by having no tremolo arm (also called a whammy bar ) or tremolo action.
Construction and materials.
The stoptail bridge consists of two parts: an adjustable fixed bridge piece, such as a Tune-o-matic and a separate stopbar (or stop bar) tailpiece.
A stopbar tailpiece is, as the name implies, a bar-shaped formed metal piece commonly made of pot metal or zinc alloys although aluminum and brass are sometimes found on more expensive models. Many manufacturers claim that the use of lightweight metals and alloys, such as aluminum, provide a greater transfer of the string's vibrational energy or "resonant quality" to the guitar body since there is less mass to excite. Aluminum was also used in the early examples of stoptail bridges from the 1950s, so it carries the mantle of "vintage" vibe.
The "stop" part comes from the fact that the string ends are held in place or they "stop" inside the bar. The bar is mounted on top of the guitar body usually by means of sturdy threaded metal studs screwed into threaded sleeves embedded into the body of the guitar. The studs and stopbar are located behind the separate bridge piece.
The stopbar can either simply slip onto notches on top of the studs, or be held in place using set screws. One danger to be aware of is that the stopbar can fall out of the notches when changing strings and put a ding in the guitar's finish. When it is held in place using the screws, it is sometimes referred to as a "locking stopbar". In these designs, the Tune-o-matic bridge section is also usually fastened to its embedded studs by set screws. This fastening of the key components in a stoptail bridge system is claimed to impart more sustain and tone to the guitar's sound.
Function and advantages.
The stopbar has holes drilled into it that allow the guitar strings to be threaded from the rear and out through the front. The string path then goes over the bridge saddles and the string nut to the machine heads located on the headstock.
The stopbar tailpiece is meant to be adjusted for string tension. The threaded posts can be lowered or raised to increase or relieve the string tension at pitch. This is an important adjustment especially when changing the gauge of the string set on the guitar. There are practical limits to this technique: too high and you could bend the posts and the strings won't seat properly into the bridge saddles; too low and the string break will rest on the rear of the bridge, killing sustain and tone. Some players prefer to tighten the stopbar all the way down in an attempt to increase sustain and tone. This requires a different stringing technique.
Some players, like Duane Allman, deviate from the norm and "top wrap" their strings. This is when the direction of the string path is reversed so that the strings are threaded through the leading edge of the stopbar then come out the rear and wrapped over the top of the stop bar. The advantage is that strings are supposedly easier to bend because of the decreased string break angle. Also, the "nonspeaking" string length is increased, which may have an effect on the strings' harmonic vibration ("see sympathetic resonance"). The increased tendency for the strings to produce natural harmonics may make techniques such as pinch harmonics easier to accomplish. This is the same way that a wraparound stoptail bridge is strung. Regardless of the technique used, the tension provided by tightening the strings to pitch is the only thing keeping the stopbar in place, unless it is a "locking" type.
The supposed advantages of using a stoptail bridge over a tremolo bridge are: greater ability to keep the strings in tune, especially under the duress of hard note-bending; better string path stability and ability to intonate; and, better sustain due to a more direct resonance of the guitar's tonewood excited by the transmission of sound wave energy from the vibrating string. This is not a universally accepted opinion and guitarists will argue over the virtues of stoptail, hard-tail and tremolo bridges probably for as long as they all exist.
The most often ascribed attributes of a stoptail bridge-equipped guitar are the "richer tone" and better sustain. The mysterious mojo surrounding the transference of resonance characteristics is a common theme when discussing the design and materials used in the construction of a stoptail bridge. However, the desirability of certain sonic qualities is of course subjective and dependent upon many other factors, including a guitar's construction and auxiliary equipment used in the sound chain.
Variations.
Gibson Guitar Corporation guitars tend to be most often associated with the stoptail bridge, especially the iconic Gibson Les Paul model, whereas Fender Musical Instruments Corporation guitars are most often thought of as tremolo bridges like the famous Stratocaster model. 
Wraparound.
A variant of a stoptail bridge is the "wraparound." Wraparound style bridges are used on less costly models such as the Gibson Melody Maker and on expensive, high-end guitars like PRS Guitars. This style bridge combines the bridge and stopbar into one unit. There are a variety of wraparound bridge designs. They may have individual movable bridge saddles (adjustable stoptail bridges), a fixed compensated saddle similar to an acoustic guitar bridge, or simply a straight stopbar anchored in the bridge position. Some players who prefer this hardware claim that a single piece unit improves tone. A few speculate that this is because the design minimizes the points of contact with the string and perhaps more energy is transferred to the guitar body. This notion is much disputed. Others feel a wraparound bridge enhances the range of string bends by reducing the required excursion to achieve a specific pitch change. Many prefer it for its simplicity alone.
Metric vs USA made.
The mounting post size and stud threads of the stoptail come in two variations. Metric, which is used mainly on guitars from countries other than the US, has larger mounting posts and metric threads. US-made stoptail bridges have smaller posts and SAE threads. These two bridges are incompatible, so replacements must be of the correct type.

</doc>
<doc id="19127563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127563" title="Rackspace Cloud">
Rackspace Cloud

The Rackspace Cloud is a set of cloud computing products and services billed on a utility computing basis from the US-based company Rackspace. Offerings include web application hosting or platform as a service (""Cloud Sites""), Cloud Storage (""Cloud Files""), virtual private server (""Cloud Servers""), load balancers, databases, backup, and monitoring.
History.
Rackspace Cloud announced Mosso LLC in March, 2006, as a wholly owned subsidiary billed as a utility computing offering. As it pre-dated mainstream adoption of the term cloud computing, it was "retooled" and relaunched on February 19, 2008, adopting the tagline "Mosso: The Hosting Cloud". The "Mosso" branding (including the mosso.com domain) was then dropped on June 17, 2009 in favour of "The Rackspace Cloud" branding (including the rackspacecloud.com domain name).
Since then, customer contracts were executed with Rackspace US, Inc. d/b/a The Rackspace Cloud rather than with the Mosso LLC subsidiary.
Other companies (such as EMC Corporation with its "Decho" subsidiary) also use alternative branding for their cloud computing offerings.
In 2011, the "Rackspace Cloud" brand merged with Rackspace.com. In 2012, Rackspace rebranded as "Rackspace, the open cloud company".
Services.
Cloud Files.
Cloud files is a cloud hosting service that provides "unlimited online storage and CDN" for media (examples given include backups, video files, user content) on a utility computing basis. It was originally launched as "Mosso CloudFS" on May 5, 2008 and is similar to Amazon Simple Storage Service. Unlimited files of up to 5 GB can be uploaded, managed via the online control panel or RESTful API and optionally served out via Akamai Technologies' Content Delivery Network.
In addition to the online control panel, the service can be accessed over a RESTful API with open source client code available in C#/.NET, Python, PHP, Java, and Ruby. Rackspace-owned Jungle Disk allows Cloud Files to be mounted as a local drive within supported operating systems (Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows).
Redundancy is achieved by replicating three full copies of data across multiple computers in multiple "zones" within the same data center, where "zones" are physically (though not geographically) separate and supplied separate power and Internet services. Uploaded files can be distributed via Akamai Technologies to "hundreds of endpoints across the world" which provides an additional layer of data redundancy.
The control panel and API are protected by SSL and the requests themselves are signed and can be safely delivered to untrusted clients. Deleted data is zeroed out immediately.
Use cases considered as "well suited" include backing up or archiving data, serving images and videos (which are streamed directly to the users' browsers), serving content over content delivery networks, storing secondary static web-accessible data, developing data storage applications, storing fluctuating and/or unpredictable amounts of data and reducing costs.
There is no native operating system support for the Cloud Files API so it is not yet possible to "map" or "mount" it as a virtual drive without third-party software like JungleDisk that translates to a supported standard such as WebDAV. There are no concepts of "appending" or "locking" data within Cloud Files (which may affect some disk mirroring or backup solutions), nor support for permissions or transcoding. Data is organised into "containers" but it is not possible to create nested folders without a translation layer.
Cloud Servers.
Cloud Servers is a cloud infrastructure service that allows users to deploy "one to hundreds of cloud servers instantly" and create "advanced, high availability architectures" similar to the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud. The "cloud servers" are virtual machines running on the Xen hypervisor for Linux-based instances, and Citrix XenServer for Windows and Linux instances. Each quad core hardware node has between 16 and 32 GB of RAM, allowing for allocations between 256 MB and 30 GB. Disk and CPU allocations scale up with memory, with disk sizes ranging from 10 GB to 620 GB. Various distributions of Linux are supported, including Arch, CentOS, Debian, Fedora, Gentoo, Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Ubuntu.
The technology behind the service was purchased in Rackspace's October 22, 2008 acquisition of "Slicehost" and the servers were formerly known as "slices". These are "much cheaper and generally easier to use than a traditional dedicated server", though it is still necessary to maintain the operating system and solution stack which is not required for the "Cloud Sites" product. This is one of the main differentiators between the two services; where Cloud Servers includes full root access and thus allows for more customisation, the Cloud Sites product is less flexible but requires less maintenance.
On December 14, 2010, Rackspace began offering a managed service level on the Cloud Servers product, which added additional support for the operating system and common applications as well as patching and other routine services. This additional support level does come at an increased cost, however.
Cloud Tools are applications and infrastructure software built to run on the RackSpace cloud. Applications listed include Zend, a PHP stack, Cloudkick, a cloud performance testing services, CopperEgg, a real-time cloud server and application monitoring service, Xeround, a MySQL cloud database, and MongoLab, the cloud version of the popular NoSQL database MongoDB.
The Cloud Servers API launched on July 14, 2009 under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license allows clients to create, configure and control virtual servers. In addition to issuing basic management commands this "enables elastic scenarios" whereby servers are instantiated and destroyed in response to fluctuating load (one of the key characteristics of cloud computing). RightScale is among third-party providers to have announced support for this API.
Cloud Sites.
Cloud Sites is a platform as a service offering, similar to traditional web hosting only built on horizontally scalable hardware infrastructure. A fixed monthly credit card payment gives users access to the service with an allocation of compute, storage and bandwidth resources. Should this allocation be exhausted then subsequent usage is billed on a utility computing basis. It allows an "unlimited" number of sites, databases and email accounts and includes reseller options such as client billing and support. Touted as "the fastest way to put sites on the cloud", it runs Windows or Linux applications across "hundreds of servers".
Cloud Sites supports the PHP 5, Perl, Python, MySQL, .NET 2.0+, ASP and Microsoft SQL Server 2008 application frameworks.
The service includes up to 10,000 "compute cycles" per month which "is roughly equivalent to running a server with a 2.8 GHz modern processor for the same period of time" (with additional cycles priced at USD 0.01). This non-standard unit of measurement primarily reflects CPU processing time but also includes I/O operations so pages with many database queries will consume more "compute cycles". It can however be difficult to compare services between providers without standard units of measurement.
Cloud Sites does not support Java, Tomcat, ColdFusion, SSH, RDP, API access, Microsoft Exchange or custom server-side components at this time. It is also not possible to set up multiple top level domains to point to the same web root directory. The .NET environment dropped support for "full trust" in favour of "modified medium trust" despite having previously announced on their blog that they had been able to work directly with Microsoft to engineer a system that could accommodate Full Trust without compromising the security, scalability, and performance of other users.
Locations.
Cloud servers and most other cloud products are physically located in any of six data centers: Chicago, Northern Virginia, Dallas, London, Sydney, Australia, or Hong Kong. A separate "UK" account is required to access the London-based cloud products, however a single "US" Rackspace cloud account can access all US data centers along with the Sydney and Hong Kong regions. Cloud Sites are available in the Dallas and Chicago data centers only.
Control Panel.
The online control panel was custom built by and for the Rackspace Cloud service (as opposed to using control panel software like cPanel).
The control panel includes management interfaces for the Cloud Sites, Cloud Servers and Cloud Files services. There was once a web based file manager, but this was removed for undisclosed reasons. It also allows users to manage multiple clients and the plans and products (e.g. databases, 24x7 support) that apply to them, with white label branding options for messaging. The clients themselves have access to a restricted version of the control panel that allows them to conduct administrative tasks such as managing mail accounts.
The control panel is also home to the billing and reporting functions and provides access to support materials including developer resources, a knowledge base, forums and live chat.
OpenStack.
In 2010, RackSpace contributed the source code of its Cloud Files product to the OpenStack project under the Apache License to become the OpenStack Object Storage component.
In April 2012, Rackspace announced it would implement OpenStack Compute as the underlying technology for their Cloud Servers product. The change will come a new control panel as well as add-on cloud services offering databases, server monitoring, block storage, and virtual networking.

</doc>
<doc id="19127629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127629" title="New Beginning (song)">
New Beginning (song)

"New Beginning" was the fourth and final single from Shannon Noll's debut album, "That's What I'm Talking About". It was released as a Radio-Only single on October 4, 2004.
A physical release was scheduled after the track's phenomenal radio success, but this plan was set aside as Noll expressed great interest to his record company, Sony BMG, to record and release "C'mon Aussie C'mon", a charity single, in time for Christmas. Following this eventuality, Noll commenced work on his second album, "Lift", thus ending the run of releases from "That's What I'm Talking About".
Track listing.
Promo Single:

</doc>
<doc id="19127730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127730" title="Brigitte Yagüe">
Brigitte Yagüe

Brigitte Yagüe Enrique (born March 15, 1981 in Palma de Mallorca, Balearic Islands, Spain) is a female taekwondo practitioner from Spain.
In 2004, Yagüe qualified for the Athens Olympics, winning over rival Belen Asensio in the –49 kg class at the Spanish Olympic Trials. However, in Athens she was eliminated in the first round of the women's 49kg competition by losing 5–9 to Yaowapa Boorapolchai of Thailand. 
In May 2008, she was named to a member of the Spain national taekwondo team and competed in the European Olympic Qualification Tournament in Istanbul, but she lost to Sumeyye Gulec of Germany 1–2 in the quarterfinals. 
In 2012, she won the silver medal at the London Olympics in the women's 49kg competition. She lost the gold medal match by 1-8 to Wu Jingyu of China. 
She is married to Juan Antonio Ramos, also successful in taekwondo.

</doc>
<doc id="19127743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127743" title="Foster Islands (Tasmania)">
Foster Islands (Tasmania)

The Foster Islands are two small islands, connected at low tide, with a combined area of 48 ha, in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania. They are a nature reserve.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Pacific Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Australian Pelican. Cape Barren Geese also breed on the island. The Metallic Skink is present.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19127752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127752" title="Millon's reagent">
Millon's reagent

Millon's reagent is an analytical reagent used to detect the presence of soluble proteins. A few drops of the reagent are added to the test solution, which is then heated gently. A reddish-brown coloration or precipitate indicates the presence of tyrosine residue which occur in nearly all proteins:
Millon's test is not specific for proteins (it actually detects phenolic compounds), and so must be confirmed by other tests for proteins such as the biuret test and the ninhydrin reaction.
The reagent is made by dissolving metallic mercury in nitric acid and diluting with water.
The test was developed by the French chemist Auguste Millon (1812–67).
See also: Benedict's solution

</doc>
<doc id="19127762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127762" title="Francis Turatello">
Francis Turatello

Francesco Turatello (Asiago, 1944 – Nuoro, August 17, 1981) was an important Italian crime figure, and mob boss who operated during the 1970s mainly in the city of Milan. He was popularly known by his pseudonym Francis Turatello. His nickname was ""Faccia d'Angelo"" (Angel Face).
Biography.
Early career.
Born in Veneto, Turatello was the son of a maiden seamstress from Asiago in the Province of Vicenza who returned her hometown during the war. According to some sources, he is the biological son of the powerful Italian-American Gambino family figure, Frank Coppola; also known as "Frankie Three Fingers". In any case, he was Coppola's godson. Turatello moved with his mother to Milan in his early childhood and settled in the district of Lambrate. He became an amateur boxer in his youth and later made his first appearance in the local Milanese underworld as a petty car thief. Driven by a strong personality and a firm ambition to succeed, he rose up in position and increasingly began taking serious roles, eventually becoming the head of a criminal gang consisting mainly of immigrants from Catania, Sicily.
Mob boss.
His gang sought to control all the clandestine criminal rackets within the city as well as being the sole controller of prostitution. The gang made billions of lire from these rackets, and also participated in several robberies and kidnappings, with the complicity of the Banda dei Marsigliesi, headed by Albert Bergamelli. Turatello was the boss of all illegal rackets in the Po valley as far north as Milan and was a close protégé of the Mafia.
Allies and Rivals.
Turatello became infamous for his strong rivalry against Renato Vallanzasca which generated a bloody feud with numerous victims on both sides. However, after both Turatello and Vallanzasca were arrested for their part in the gang war, they reconciled their differences and became close friends. Turatello was the witness to the marriage of Vallanzasca to Giuliana Brusa which was celebrated in prison.
Turatello had close allies and powerful contacts within the Sicilian Mafia, and throughout his criminal career was always in contact with Sicilian Mafiosi and Neapolitan Camorristi. He was a close ally of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata, headed by Raffaele Cutolo. He was also a trusted friend of Luciano Leggio, the head of the Corleonesi faction of the Sicilian Mafia. In fact, Leggio had himself put Turatello in charge of all drug trade in the region of Milan. Turatello has also been linked to many murky incidents of the history of Italy in the 1970s, including the abduction and murder of former Italian prime minister, Aldo Moro, and some criminal acts carried out by the Banda della Magliana of Rome.
Arrest.
After being absconding for a long time, Francis Turatello was arrested on August 17, 1981 in Piazza Corduso in Milan. He was tried for a long list of crimes and was sentenced to a long period of detention coupled with a harsh prison time. He was successful in controlling his gang and coordinating his business activities in prison, but his position within the organization was usurped and overtaken by his former right-hand man, Angelo Epaminonda.
Assassination.
On August 17, 1981, during the open yard exercise in the courtyard of Bad'e Carros, the high security prison in Nuoro, Sardinia, Turatello was ambushed by the NCO hitman Pasquale Barra and Vincenzo Andraus and Antonino Faro, two well known assassins from Catania, Sicily. Turatello was unable to escape the ambush. Barra and Andraus held Turatello, while Faro stabbed him sixty times. In the ensuing confusion from the attack, Andraus was also wounded and would later receive minor surgery in the prison infirmary. After Turatello was dead, Faro disemboweled and chewed Turatello's intestines, then spat it out as a sign of contempt.
The murder was ordered by Raffaele Cutolo and the death sentence was passed by Carmela Provenzano, the wife of Pasquale D'Amico, a senior NCO figure. The motive for his murder is unknown. The murder of Turatello was done without the consent of the Sicilian Mafia, and as Turatello was a close friend of Luciano Leggio and Frank Coppola, it was an insult to their honor. As a result, the murder brought severe repercussions on the main hitman, Pasquale Barra, and would lead to his defection from the NCO and becoming a pentito. After Turatello's death, his successor Angelo Epaminonda also became a pentito.
References.
ebook ISBN 978-88-907273-2-0, http://www.milieuedizioni.it/

</doc>
<doc id="19127799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127799" title="Hitotsu">
Hitotsu

"Hitotsu" () is a Japanese-language song by Tibetan singer Alan, from her debut studio album "Voice of Earth" (2009). The single was released on March 5, 2008, and peaked at number one hundred on the "Oricon" charts.
"Hitotsu" was later re-recorded in Mandarin Chinese and placed on her debut single "" as "Yige" (一个); along with a Chinese version of "Tokyo Mimei", re-titled as "Mishi De Zhufu" (迷失的祝福). "Sign", sung in her native Tibetan language, was re-included on her second Chinese album "Xin De Dongfang" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19127843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127843" title="Random Acts of Kindness Day">
Random Acts of Kindness Day

Random Acts of Kindness Day is the name of an unofficial holiday increasingly celebrated around the world by localities or organizations, or nationwide, in order to encourage acts of kindness. The original founders of a national Random Acts of Kindness Day are Megan Singleton, Josh de Jong and Marshall Gray.
The holiday is on September 1 In New Zealand, RAK day began at a national level in 2005 by Josh de Jong, Marshall Gray, Megan Singleton and Reuben Gwyn. It is not a holiday, rather a national day where the entire country is challenged to do something kind to a friend or stranger for no reason at all.

</doc>
<doc id="19127847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127847" title="Foster Island">
Foster Island

Foster Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19127856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127856" title="Harumi">
Harumi

Possible writings.
Harumi can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19127868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127868" title="Bjärnum">
Bjärnum

Bjärnum is a locality situated in Hässleholm Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 2,674 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19127886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127886" title="2008 Panzhihua earthquake">
2008 Panzhihua earthquake

The 2008 Panzhihua earthquake was a 6.1 Ms (5.7 Mw) earthquake that struck southern Sichuan province, China on August 30, 2008 at 16:30:50.5 CST (8:30:50.5 UTC). It was not an aftershock of the Wenchuan earthquake that occurred in May of the same year. With more than 400 aftershocks, it caused over 40 deaths, the collapse of 10,000 homes and damage to other infrastructure in the area. Maximum intensity of this earthquake was VIII liedu (Heavily damaging).
Earthquake Details.
According to the China Earthquake Administration (CEA) and Sichuan Earthquake Administration (SCEA), a surface wave magnitude (Ms) 6.1 earthquake struck southern Sichuan province, China on August 30, 2008 at 16:30:50.5 China Standard Time (CST - 0730 UTC). The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reported the same earthquake at moment magnitude (Mw) 5.7.
The earthquake's epicenter was located at , in the Renhe District of Panzhihua, Sichuan, which is 50 km southeast of the city center. The epicenter is 60 km from Huili County in Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan, 30 km from Yongren County and 55 km from Yuanmou County in neighboring Yunnan province.
The 2008 Panzhihua earthquake is also cited as the Renhe-Huili earthquake, especially in SCEA reports and early CEA reports.
Aftershocks.
A Ms 5.6 aftershock (5.5 Mw according to USGS) struck the same location on August 31, 2008 at 16:31:09.6 CST (08:31 UTC),
causing at least two additional deaths.
By midnight CST September 1, there had been 439 aftershocks including the M5.6 one and two more exceeding M4.0.
Incidentally, a Ms 3.0 earthquake very close to the main quake's epicenter preceded the main quake by 2 hours 15 minutes.
Relation to Wenchuan Earthquake.
Whereas the Wenchuan earthquake two and half months earlier in the same province continues to invoke aftershocks even after August 30, the Panzhihua earthquake was not one of them because it was caused by a different fault line.
Response in China.
Although the quake-stricken area is relatively low in population, reported at 118/km2, early casualties and property damages were significant.
Within two hours, the CEA invoked its Level III emergency response protocol for disaster relief.
8,000 troops and para-militia were deployed to the disaster area.
Casualties, intensities, and damage areas.
By September 5, authorities confirmed 41 deaths (35 in Sichuan, 6 in Yunnan) and 589 injuries. CEA also reported collapse of 10,000 homes, and damage to 190,000 more. Considerable damages to highways, bridges, and reservoirs were reported.
The seismic intensity map published by SCEA shows a maximum intensity of liedu VIII on China Seismic Intensity Scale (CSIS), somewhat equivalent to VIII (Heavily damaging) on EMS-94 from which CSIS drew reference.
The area affected by liedu VIII earthquakes covered a north-south oriented oval of 628 km2 centered around the epicenter, 39 km long and 19 km wide, including 28 km2 in Yunnan province. The total area of liedu VI (Slightly damaging) and above is 9,634 km2, of which 6,265 km2 are in Sichuan.

</doc>
<doc id="19127891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127891" title="A Lost Lady (film)">
A Lost Lady (film)

A Lost Lady is a 1934 American drama film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring by Barbara Stanwyck, Frank Morgan, and Ricardo Cortez. Based on the novel "A Lost Lady" by Willa Cather, with a screenplay by Gene Markey and Kathryn Scola, the film is about a woman whose fiancé is murdered by his mistress' husband two days before their wedding. Her uncle sends her away to the mountains, where she meets a man who looks after her and eventually proposes. She accepts even though she does not love him.
Plot.
Marian (Barbara Stanwyck) and Ned (Phillip Reed) are scheduled to be married in two days, when Ned is killed by the husband of a woman with whom he was having an affair. Marian becomes withdrawn and is sent to the Canadian Rockies for rest. One day while walking in the mountains, she accidentally falls off a ledge and twists her ankle. She is discovered and rescued by Dan Forrester (Frank Morgan) and his dog Sandy. Dan visits Marian every day, even though she is still bitter about her fiancee's death. Before she leaves the mountains, Dan asks her to marry him and she accepts, knowing she will never truly love again. 
Marian and Dan go back to Chicago, where Dan dotes on Marian, even building her a house in the country. Everything is going well until Marian meets a brash young transport owner named Frank (Ricardo Cortez). She rejects his advances, but he persists. When Dan leaves town on business, Frank entertains her every day, and Marian soon realizes that she may find love again after all.

</doc>
<doc id="19127898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127898" title="List of ship commissionings in 1929">
List of ship commissionings in 1929

The list of ship commissionings in 1929 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1929.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19127910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127910" title="Zhenjin">
Zhenjin

Zhenjin (Činkim, 1243–January 5, 1286, , also Chingkim) was the second son of Kublai Khan, founder of the Yuan Dynasty. He was designated as the Crown Prince (皇太子) by Kublai Khan in 1273, and became the head of Zhongshusheng (Chinese: 中書省, "Central Secretariat").
The North Chinese Buddhist monk Haiyun gave him the name Zhenjin (True Gold) when he was born in 1243. He was also known as a strong supporter of Confucianism. When A Confucian-trained official in the South proposed that Kublai abdicate in favor of Zhenjin in 1285, Kublai was angered. Zhenjin died on 5 January 1286, 8 years before his father Kublai Khan. Distressed by his death, Kublai Khan made Zhenjin's son Temür the new Crown Prince, who later became the Emperor Chengzong.
Trivia.
"Prince Chinkin" is a central character in the 1982 American-Italian miniseries "Marco Polo", where he was portrayed by Japanese actor Junichi Ishida.

</doc>
<doc id="19127914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127914" title="Gwynneville">
Gwynneville

Gwynneville may refer to these places:

</doc>
<doc id="19127926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127926" title="Kashii Station">
Kashii Station


</doc>
<doc id="19127945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127945" title="Chirodini Tumi Je Amar">
Chirodini Tumi Je Amar

Chirodini... Tumi Je Aamar (; "You Are Mine Eternally") is a 2008 Bengali film by Raj Chakraborty, one of the most revered directors of Zee Bangla TV show "Mirakkel" hosted by anchor Mir and Dance Bangla Dance and judged by Mithun Chakraborty. The film was inspired by the Balaji Sakthivel directed Tamil film "Kaadhal".
Plot.
Krishna (Rahul Banerjee) is a diligent scooter mechanic in Siliguri and life goes on smoothly for him until the rich schoolgirl Pallavi (Priyanka Sarkar) sets her eyes on him. The infatuation reaches dangerous levels when she coaxes Krishna to take her away from the clutches of her family, which has other plans about her future. The film begins with the elopement, as Pallavi steps out of her house in her school uniform, leaving even her wristwatch behind since Krishna has instructed her not to take a single thing with her. The two rush into a shopping mall where Pallavi hurriedly changes into a boy’s shirt, pants and cap, leaves her uniform behind, and the two board the bus.
The flashback, as point-of-view narrations between Pallavi and Krishna, are intercut with Pallavi’s don-like father and uncle terrorizing the neighbourhood in search of the truant girl. The naïve Krishna hesitantly yields to her charm and the two run away to Kolkata. Krishna's friend Ali (Rudranil Ghosh) helps them, and the lovers marry. The couple consummates their union while the mess chaps hastily organize a proper wedding and elaborate reception. But her family is not going to give up so easily on the daughter they dote on.
The family tracks down the couple and separates them. Pallavi agrees to marry another man to save Krishna's life after he is beaten by her father. While she believes this decision is best and moves on with her life, she one day (while on the road with her husband and daughter) runs into Krishna who suffered permanent brain damage from his beating.
Influences and allusions.
In September 2007, Rizwanur, a computer professional who ran his classes in the city, fell in love and married Priyanka Todi, daughter of a big-time businessman Ashok Todi. But differences in status, class, faith and affluence drove them apart; Rizwanur’s dead body was discovered on the railway tracks a few days after Priyanka went back to her parents who had promised that they would send her back again to her husband.
The Kolkata Police violated its own rules preventing them from interfering in any personal matters unless violence is involved and unless a FIR is lodged against those who are called in by the police. Rizwanur’s family claimed that he was murdered at the behest of Priyanka’s wealthy and influential father who was trying to hush the case up by taking the suicide angle with tangible and direct help from some higher-ups of the Kolkata Police. The unconstitutional action by the police has now been proved through the decision that pronounced some top-ranking police officers guilty of violating their own rules in the Rizwanur-Priyanka case and acting in favour of the Todis.
Shree Venkatesh Films decided to piggy-back on this case by marketing "Chirodini Tumi Je Amaar", that marks the debut of Raj Chakraborty into direction, as a loose adaptation of the real-life story of tragic love.
Music.
The music of "Chirodini Tumi Je Amar", composed by Jeet Ganguly, was released in India on 15 August 2008 The soundtrack was at the number one spot on the music charts for several consecutive weeks. The media partner of "Chirodini Tumi Je Amar" is Bengali music channel Sangeet Bangla.
Box office and ratings.
"Chirodini Tumi Je Amar" was the top grossing Tollywood Bangla film of the year 2008 and likely the best Bengali blockbuster hit of the decade. The film was rated as "U" (Universal: Suitable for all ages) by the Central Board of Film Certification of India. The film had a great opening. The first week saw 55 percent footfall, which was overwhelming.
Mahendra Soni of Shree Venkatesh Films spent Rs 1 crore on making the movie and they have earned about Rs 2 crore. Chirodini released with 40 prints and Venkatesh is coming up with some more.
Reviews and critiques.
"The Telegraph" reviewed that movie: "Chirodini... Tumi Je Aamar could as well be a version of "QSQT" or any other tragic teen love story done to death on screen. But Raj Chakraborty’s directorial debut turns the cliche on its head and makes a two-hour-20-minute entertainer, without the tackiness, sloppiness and meaningless melodrama typical of mainstream Tollywood ... Chirodini’s strength is its screenplay — smart, crisp and racy with neat shot divisions, life-like situations and convincing characters." 
Screenindia.com comments that "The script begins to falter after the diabolic uncle takes the couple away, but till then it is smooth-sailing. Priyanka and Rahul offer the freshness Bengali cinema was dying to get for many years. They are young, absolutely new and have tried to do as much justice to the script as they could though the script backs Priyanka more than Rahul. The original touch is that the film opens with the couple’s elopement after top-angle shots of the city of Kolkata panning across to cover people going about their daily lives including a madman who roams aimlessly across the streets. The love affair in the first half is a bit repetitive and the scenes in the girl’s home are superfluous."
"Preetam Choudhury’s production design is mind-blowing and realistic. Jeet’s music ably complemented with Gautam-Susmit’s lyrics blend into the theme and story of the film very well. Premendra Bikash Chaki’s cinematography is brilliant in the second half but not so good in the first. This is a good debut where the footage is too long and the dream scenes stick out like sore thumbs. Raj has also made Priyanka prance around in a towel but it does not look vulgar. A good debut by a young director. One only hopes he can sustain the standard he has established with his first film. The film deserves one star for production design, one star for acting and one for the cinematography."

</doc>
<doc id="19127950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127950" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1934–1936">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1934–1936

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1934 to 21 May 1936. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19127952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127952" title="Mecklenburg T 7">
Mecklenburg T 7

The Mecklenburg T 7 engines were German, six-coupled, narrow gauge, steam locomotives with the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg Friedrich-Franz Railway ("Großherzoglich Mecklenburgische Friedrich-Franz-Eisenbahn"). They were employed on the "Bäderbahn" between Bad Doberan and Heiligendamm. They replaced the existing vehicles after the line had been extended to 15.4 kilometres to Arendsee. The three engines, which were later given the numbers 99 301 - 99 303 in the 1920s by the Deutsche Reichsbahn, were delivered in 1910, 1911 and 1914. The design of these locomotives was heavily based on those of the Class T 3 from Prussia. Later, two units went to the so-called "Rübenbahn" ('Turnip Railway'), the branch line from Tangermünde to Lüderitz. No. 99 302 was retired in 1932, the other two were given to the USSR in 1945 as reparations.

</doc>
<doc id="19127953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127953" title="Magnetic lens">
Magnetic lens

A magnetic lens is a device for the focusing or deflection of moving charged particles, such as electrons or ions, by use of the magnetic Lorentz force. Its strength can often be varied by usage of electromagnets. Magnetic lenses are used in diverse applications, from cathode ray tubes over electron microscopy to particle accelerators.
A magnetic lens typically consists of several electromagnets arranged in a quadrupole (see quadrupole magnet), sextupole, or higher format; the electromagnetic coils are placed at the vertices of a square or another regular polygon. From this configuration a customized magnetic field can be formed to manipulate the particle beam.
The passing particle is subjected to two vector forces formula_1 (parallel to the core), and formula_2 (parallel to the radius of the lens). formula_1 causes the particle to spiral through the lens, and this spiraling expose the electron to formula_2 which in turn focus the electron. Note that the magnetic field is inhomogeneous, particles close to the center are less strongly deflected than those passing the lens far from the axis.

</doc>
<doc id="19127969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127969" title="ST2">
ST2

ST2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19127971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19127971" title="St1">
St1

St1 Oy is a Finnish energy company owning the St1 service stations' chain in Finland, Sweden, Norway and Poland. The company was established in 1995 under the name Greenergy Baltic Oy. In 1997, the St1 chain was established in Finland. In 2000 Greenergy Baltic changed its name to Green. In the same year, it purchased the St1 chain. The company adopted the name St1 in 2005.
St1 Oy owns around 650 service stations in four countries. The first service station outside of Finland was established in 2004 in Sweden. In 2007, the company took over Oy Esso Ab, a subsidiary of ExxonMobil in Finland, and its service stations. In 2009, St1 Oy purchased 198 unmanned filling stations in Sweden and Norway from Statoil. In 2010, it purchased service stations from Royal Dutch Shell in Finland and Sweden.
In addition the service stations, the St1 Oy owns an oil refinery in Gothenburg, produces ethanol fuel at six bioethanol plants in Finland, and generates and sells electricity. Together with the SOK Group it owns the wind farms developer TuuliWatti Oy.

</doc>
<doc id="19128002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128002" title="Ryd, Tingsryd">
Ryd, Tingsryd

Ryd is a locality situated in Tingsryd Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden with 1,415 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19128018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128018" title="Big Branch">
Big Branch

Big Branch is the name for many rivers and streams. If can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19128050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128050" title="Warren Brown">
Warren Brown

Warren Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19128055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128055" title="Mount Alexander College">
Mount Alexander College

Mount Alexander College, formerly known as Debney Park Secondary College, is a high school in Flemington, Victoria, Australia, on the west side of Mount Alexander Road. 
In 2012 Debney Park Secondary College became Mount Alexander College – a new school. The new name, Mount Alexander College, references the school’s long history in its current location, and its landmark position in the Flemington community.
It is encouraged to bring ipads there in years 7 and 8 and in year 9 you are encouraged to bring a laptop.

</doc>
<doc id="19128065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128065" title="Maurice Frawley">
Maurice Frawley

Maurice Gerard Frawley (5 May 1954 – 16 May 2009) was an Australian rock and country blues singer-songwriter and guitarist.
Biography.
Maurice Gerard Frawley was born on 5 May 1954, the son of Gerard Patrick and Eileen Marie Frawley, he grew up with three siblings, Brendan, Mary and Leo on the family farm near Elmore in central Victoria. He attended Our Lady of the Sacred Heart School (a Catholic primary school) in Elmore, Rochester Lourdes High School in nearby Rochester and then Salesian College in Sunbury (an outer suburb of Melbourne), where he completed an agricultural studies course. After working in wool sheds in rural Victoria, he moved to Melbourne in the late 1970s to pursue a musical career.
Frawley formed power pop band Japanese Comix in 1979, with vocalist Shane Day (ex-Cruisers, High Rise Bombers), bass guitarist Chris Jobson, drummer Greg Simpkins and James Williams (High Rise Bombers). They played the Melbourne pub circuit and released a four-track extended play, "Japanese Comix" on the Mambo Records label in 1980. Simpkins was replaced by Michael Barclay but the group soon disbanded. As a melodic guitarist, Frawley developed a reputation as a down-to-earth, "musician's musician". Late in 1980 he had a brief stint in A Howling Life with Day, Williams and Bill Tulloch.
In late 1981, Frawley replaced Mick Holmes on guitar in Paul Kelly and the Dots (Kelly was ex-High Rise Bombers) after that band had recorded their second album "Manila". The album's release was delayed until August 1982 due to line-up changes and Kelly being side-lined with a broken jaw. While working with Kelly, Frawley co-wrote "Look So Fine, Feel So Low". The band recorded "Rocking Institution" for the soundtrack of pop musical film, "Starstruck". It was released as a shared single with Jo Kennedy's "Body and Soul", which peaked at No. 5 in May 1982 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart. The Dots disbanded by August 1983 and Frawley briefly joined the Paul Kelly Band but left before year's end. Kelly relocated to Sydney in late 1984 and "Look So Fine, Feel So Low" appeared on his solo album "Post" (1985), it was re-recorded by Paul Kelly & the Messengers for "Gossip" (1986) and released as a single in July 1987, which did not reach the Top 50.
Frawley joined Olympic Sideburns late in 1983, an ever-evolving shockabilly outfit that had featured Spencer P. Jones (later in The Johnnys, The Beasts of Bourbon) which formed in 1982. Rooted in classic 1960s garage rock, their 'Oz-indie' racket made them distinct from most groups in the suburban beer barns. The Olympic Sideburns was a collection of 1980s alternative artists. The band released two albums, "The Olympic Sideburns" in May 1985 and "Dixie Truck Stop!" in 1987. They disbanded by end of 1988. In 1989 he produced an EP for The Romeos.
In 1990, Frawley formed Big City Burnout with Jack Abeyratne on guitar, Nigel Hartford on bass guitar (ex-White Cross), David Sandford on saxophone, piano and vocals, and Paul Wall on drums. By 1993 he formed Maurice Frawley and Working Class Ringos, a rootsy country-blues band. The line-up was drummer Des Hefner (The Birthday Party, The Slaughtermen), guitarist Charlie Owen (The New Christs, The Divinyls), and bass player Shane Walsh. Cold Chisel's Don Walker described the group as "the best after-midnight band in the world". Owen called them "the bad boys of folk" who played "the most passionate, beautiful, rollicking, cheeky, heartfelt music you could ever hear". 
Working Class Ringos released an extended play, "Whoop Whoop", a raw, acoustic recording of soul and blues, in 1994. It was followed by their debut album "Livin' Lazy" (May 1995), a more electric album which featured Jones and was produced by Tony Cohen. In 1998 Conway Savage (Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds) joined on piano. Their second album "Triple-Skin Marquee" was released in 2000, again produced by Cohen. It features a duet, "Would You Be My Friend", between Frawley and Kelly. For thirteen years the band played the Melbourne pub circuit, establishing a base at The Esplanade Hotel in St Kilda. In 2000 the band's track "Harness Down" was included on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's "Airplay Vol. 3" compilation, which was featured on local radio. "Harness Down" became a favourite of its audience. The band made several tours through the east coast up to Far North Queensland. Frawley and his band performed live sessions in 2000 on the ABC TV's national music program 'Studio 22' and in 2001 on the cable channel Country Music Television. Frawley became a regular at the Tamworth Country Music Festival.
In 2003, Frawley embarked on a family musical project, Frawleys and Friends, that culminated in the release "Queen of Runnymede" featuring the songs of a relative, Sarah Frawley, who had died (aged 19) from a brain aneurysm.
In 2006, Frawley reunited with former band mates Michael Barclay on drums and Alan Brooker on bass guitar, together with Garrett Costigan on pedal steel and Jimmy Williams on guitar to form Maurice Frawley and the Yard Hands. Their debut album "Good Things" was released on Frawley’s own Red Finn Records. 
Frawley returned to rural Rochester to care for his ill mother, Eileen. His brother Leo recalled, "Maurice was a great support to mum during her last few years and mum's passing last year left a hole in Maurice's life". Frawley became a part-time music teacher at Rochester Secondary College. He provided inspiration to younger musicians, teaching and mentoring acts including Dan Brodie, Tom Carlyon and Clinkerfield.
In January 2009, Frawley performed at 'Life’s What You Make It', a tribute to late Melbourne band manager Linda Gebar, alongside Not Drowning, Waving, The Killjoys and others. It was his last live performance. He died on 16 May, shortly after diagnosis with liver cancer, at Rochester Hospital. He is survived by former wife, Penny, and their son Martin (ex-You Will Die Alone) current member of the Twerps.
Owen, Kelly, Walker, Tex Perkins, Chrissy Amphlett, The Drones, The Kill Devil Hills, Megan Washington and Dan Sultan, combined to create a 3×CD tribute album, "Long Gone Whistle – The Songs of Maurice Frawley", which was released in August 2010. On 19 August 2010, artists who contributed to the CD, performed a fund raising show at the Esplanade Hotel to raise funds to continue the music program established by Frawley at Rochester Secondary College.

</doc>
<doc id="19128075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128075" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1992 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1992 in Australia

These are the Top 25 albums of 1992 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart.
Peak chart positions from 1992 are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19128076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128076" title="Melaleuca trichostachya">
Melaleuca trichostachya

Melaleuca trichostachya is a small tree of the myrtaceae family native to inland northern New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia and the Northern Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19128082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128082" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1992 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1992 in Australia

These are the Top 25 singles of 1992 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Singles Chart.
Peak chart positions are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 singles for each week during 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19128094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128094" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1991 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1991 in Australia

These are the Top 25 singles of 1991 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Singles Chart.
Peak chart positions are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 singles for each week during 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19128096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128096" title="Åsnen">
Åsnen

Åsnen is a large lake in southern Småland, Sweden, roughly 150 km² in size. The river Mörrumsån flows south from Åsnen into the Baltic Sea. The lake lies south of Alvesta and Växjö and northwest of Tingsryd and is the second-largest lake in Smålands, after Bolmen. Approximately 19 km² of the lake's area is occupied by small islands. Åsnen has many small bays and islands, the largest of which is Sirkön.
Fruits (mainly apples and strawberries) are grown in the southern parts of the lake area, including on Sirkön.
Activities.
Åsnen is well known for its richness in native fish, and is a popular attraction for anglers. The most common types of fish are pikeperch, pickerel, perch, and eels.
The lake is also a popular destination for boating and canoeing, with camping areas along the lake shore.

</doc>
<doc id="19128103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128103" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1991 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1991 in Australia

These are the Top 25 albums of 1991 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart.
Peak chart positions from 1991 are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19128107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128107" title="Bath, Virginia">
Bath, Virginia

Bath, Virginia may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19128108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128108" title="L.C. Concept">
L.C. Concept

LC Concept was a 35 mm film projection sound format, developed in France and released in 1991. It used 5.25" 300 megabyte capacity re-writable magneto-optical disks to hold 4 or 5.1 channels of MUSICAM compressed audio. Two disks were used to hold approximately three hours of sound. The system was not widely adopted with only 20 theatres in France, Belgium, and Switzerland installing the system. The company failed in 1994 due to a lack of funding.
The system was developed by Élisabeth Löchen and Pascal Chedeville. A standard SMPTE timecode printed next to analogue soundtrack on the film print was read by a reader connected to the playback unit kept the playback in sync. The system was tested with a re-release of the "Cyrano de Bergerac", and the first commercial release was "Until the End of the World". Overall, around 30 features were released in this format in France, among which:
"Basic Instinct", "Free Willy", "Falling Down", "Cliffhanger", "Backbeat", "Silent Tongue", "Boiling Point", "Heaven and Earth", "Cyrano de Bergerac", "L.627", "The Lover", "Until the End of the World", "The Accompanist", "", "All the World's Mornings", "Arizona Dream", "La Belle Histoire", "Bitter Moon".

</doc>
<doc id="19128110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128110" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1990 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1990 in Australia

These are the Top 25 singles of 1990 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart. ARIA had previously used the Kent Music Report, known from 1987 onwards as the Australian Music Report.
Peak chart positions are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 singles for each week during 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19128113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128113" title="Panduvasdeva of Upatissa Nuwara">
Panduvasdeva of Upatissa Nuwara

Prince Panduvasudeva, was King of Upatissa Nuwara (modern-day Sri Lanka) from 504 BC to 474 BC. He was the first monarch of the Kingdom of Upatissa Nuwara succeeding Upatissa, who reigned as regent. Panduvasudeva had ten sons, including AbhayaTissa and one daughter Ummadha Citta. He was a nephew of Prince Vijaya.

</doc>
<doc id="19128114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128114" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1990 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1990 in Australia

These are the Top 25 albums of 1990 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart.
Peak chart positions from 1990 are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19128116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128116" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1989 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1989 in Australia

These are the Top 25 singles of 1989 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart. ARIA had previously used the Kent Music Report, known from 1987 onwards as the Australian Music Report.
Peak chart positions are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 singles for each week during 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19128119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128119" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1989 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1989 in Australia

These are the Top 25 albums of 1989 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart. These were the second End of Year album charts created by ARIA, it had started producing its own charts from mid-1988. ARIA had previously used the Kent Music Report, known from 1987 onwards as the Australian Music Report.
Peak chart positions from early 1988 were calculated by David Kent for the Kent Music Report. Late 1988 and all 1989 peak chart positions are from the ARIA Charts. Overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19128125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128125" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1988 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1988 in Australia

These are the Top 25 singles of 1988 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart. These were the first End of Year singles charts created by ARIA, it had started producing its own charts from mid-1988. ARIA had previously used the Kent Music Report, known from 1987 onwards as the Australian Music Report.
Peak chart positions from 1987 and early 1988 were calculated by David Kent for the Kent Music Report. Late 1988 peak chart positions are from the ARIA Charts. Overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 singles for each week during 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19128128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128128" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1988 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1988 in Australia

These are the Top 25 albums of 1988 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart. These were the first End of Year album charts created by ARIA, it had started producing its own charts from mid-1988. ARIA had previously used the Kent Music Report, known from 1987 onwards as the Australian Music Report.
Peak chart positions from 1987 and early 1988 were calculated by David Kent for the Kent Music Report. Late 1988 peak chart positions are from the ARIA Charts. Overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19128130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128130" title="Česlavs Stančiks">
Česlavs Stančiks

Česlavs Stančiks (born 26 August 1898, date of death unknown) was a Latvian footballer. In 1939 he resettled in Germany as part of resettlement of all Baltic Germans.
Club playing career.
Stančiks first football club was Amatieris for which he played in 1912 at the age of just sixteen. From 1913 he played with Union Riga. While being a refugee in Moscow during World War I Stančiks played football with Sokolniki Moscow in 1915. After the end of the war Stančiks returned to Latvia where after a brief time with his former club Union he joined Kaiserswald FC with which he won the first ever Latvian championship in 1922 and the second title in 1923. After the dissolution of Kaiserswald after the 1925 season Stančiks joined RFK for which he played in 1926 in 1927, winning his third league title in 1926. In addition to the league success Stančiks also became a two time winner of the Riga Football Cup with RFK.
In 1928 Stančiks joined the newly founded RFK off shot and future rivals Riga Vanderer, for which he played until 1932, missing his fourth Latvian title in a gold medal match against ASK Riga in his match with Vanderer. In 1936 Stančiks played with LSB Riga which won the Riga 1st league football tournament.
National team playing career.
Stančiks represented Latvia national football team in its first ever official international match on 24 September 1922. He was occasionally selected to play for the national team until 1931, although he played with it less and less in his last international years. In total he capped 20 appearances for Latvia and scored two goals. Stančiks was a member of Latvia football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19128138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128138" title="Heinrich Petersen (naval officer)">
Heinrich Petersen (naval officer)

Heinrich Petersen (3 November 1902 – 6 June 1963) was a German U-boat machinist in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He participated on eight war patrols on before transferring to for further eight war patrols. All of his war patrols were made under the command of Otto Kretschmer.
Kretschmer had recommended Petersen for the Knight's Cross after twelve war patrols for saving "U-99" from enemy detection. Petersen was taken prisoner of war on 17 March 1941 when "U-99" was scuttled after depth charging by .

</doc>
<doc id="19128140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128140" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1987 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1987 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1987. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1987. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128141" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1987 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1987 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1987. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1987. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128151" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1986 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1986 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1986. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1986. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128162" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1986 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1986 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1986. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1986. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128167" title="Mörrumsån">
Mörrumsån

Mörrumsån is a river in Blekinge County and Kronoberg County, Sweden. It is roughly 185 km long, with its tributary in the lake Asnen, from which it flows south, into the Baltic Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19128169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128169" title="Everybody Needs a Little Help (song)">
Everybody Needs a Little Help (song)

"Everybody Needs a Little Help" was the third and final single from Shannon Noll's third album, "Turn It Up". It was released as a radio-only single on 4 February 2008.
The track reached number one on the Australian Airplay Chart. A physical release was scheduled to be released, but, similarly to Noll's previous radio single, "New Beginning", this plan was set aside. The reasoning lay in the impending release of Noll's first compilation album, "".
Video.
A video was to be shot in early February 2008, but was cancelled after Sony BMG made the decision to focus on new material being released later in the year.
Track listing.
Promo Single:

</doc>
<doc id="19128170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128170" title="Aleksei Zerchaninov">
Aleksei Zerchaninov

Archpriest Aleksei Evgrafovich Zerchaninov ( born on March 9, 1848, Borisov, Russian Federation - 23 September 1933, Nizhny Novgorod, Russian Federation ) was a Russian Greek-Catholic priest.
Biography.
Born on March 9, 1848 in the village of Borisov, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast in the family of an Orthodox priest. In June 1871 Aleksei graduated from Nizhny Novgorod Theological Seminary with a right to enter the Theological Academy. Deliberately not used this right, that they might become a priest and to pastoral work, which felt a calling. On September 10, 1871, he is married and 15 October takes ordination to the priesthood. Served as rector in his native village, then became dean of Arzamas district and lawyers in several educational institutions. He was engaged in missionary work of the Synodal Church of the Old Believers, which scrutinize the Church Fathers and ecclesiastical history. More thorough study of patristics led him to the conviction of the truth of the Catholic faith. On January 9, 1896 he was admitted to existing rank in the Catholic Church. Zerchaninov was arrested on July 3, 1898 and placed in Suzdal jailed religious criminals. Released at the request of Natalia Ushakova on February 21, 1901, with the living conditions without a break on a farm, which he bought in the Nizhny Novgorod region shortly before his arrest. He was joined by the eldest son Julius, as a priest and abbot, after Father Aleksei Zerchaninov's union to Catholic Church. At your farm began to write books. His first work, "The Kingdom of God in the world," he wrote during his imprisonment. Another great essay was " Nepokladnye People" published in 1904 in Krakow under the pseudonym A.N. Zvezdina. According to the author, it almost photographically depicts the life of the Russian Orthodox clergy and what it brings to the secular power. The manuscript of the book was taken out of Russia Polish Jesuit Father Henry Podynkovskim.
Following the publication of the manifesto of Toleration was able to settle in Saint Petersburg. In 1905, Zerchaninov became, along with Ivan Deubner and Eustachios Susalev, a priest of his native church united with Rome celebrating Mass in Saint Petersburg .In the spring of 1907 in Rome, was accepted by Pope Pius X. He was deeply moved and impressed kindness and good humor with which he was received by the successor of Peter, before it was unlike his familiar attitude of the Russian Orthodox bishops to the clergy. In Rome, he also met with the future Exarch Leonid Fyodorov. Also traveled to Lourdes and Lviv. On June 29, 1907 Zerchaninov was appointed governor by Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky to Kamenetsekoy diocese. In November 1907, he returned to Saint Petersburg, where he created the Russian Greek-Catholic community, and he served on the apartment. On May 21, 1908 he was appointed head of mission for the Russian Catholics of the Eastern rite. Since 1912 was the vicar of the church of Saint Catherine in Saint Petersburg. After the establishment of the Exarchate of Russian Greek Catholic Church in Russia Father Aleksei became the secretary of the Exarch of Russian Catholics Father Leonid Fyodorov. In 1917 he took part in the Council of the Greek Catholic clergy. On May 1, 1919 he was arrested together with Metropolitan Ropp, released a month later. From 1917 to 1920 was secretary of the Exarch Fyodorov. He was arrested on April 12, 1920, but released after 4 days. In February 1920, was awarded an honorary prelate.
Since March 1923 headed the northern part of the Russian Greek Catholic Church Exarchate. He was arrested on November 19, 1923 and in December released after signing on not to leave. On May 19, 1924 Zerchaninov was sentenced to 10 years in prison, because of advanced age punishment to three years in exile. Initially sent to Yekaterinburg, after to Tobolsk. On May 28, 1926 arrested in Tobolsk and sent to Obdorsk. On May 9, 1927 he was released of the links to the ban to stay in six major cities of the USSR. He lived in Smolensk, in 1929 he moved to Nizhny Novgorod, where he died on September 23, 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="19128174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128174" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1985 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1985 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1985. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1985. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128186" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1936–1938">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1936–1938

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1936 to 21 May 1938. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 
Terms expiring in 1942 and thereafter were extended due to World War II by the "Legislative Council (Postponement of Election) Act 1941" (No. 50 of 1941), which was given assent on 16 January 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19128197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128197" title="Abhaya of Upatissa Nuwara">
Abhaya of Upatissa Nuwara

Abhaya was king of Upatissa Nuwara (modern-day Sri Lanka) from 474 BC to 454 BC. He succeeded his father Panduvasdeva after being chosen by his siblings as the oldest among them to be the next monarch of Upatissa Nuwara. 

</doc>
<doc id="19128201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128201" title="Warren Brown (cartoonist)">
Warren Brown (cartoonist)

Warren Brown is an Australian Author,cartoonist and television presenter.
He has been an editorial newspaper cartoonist since 1986. He is currently cartoonist for the Sydney's "Daily Telegraph", for which he also writes a weekly motoring column.
He created editorial cartoons for the ABC television programs "Difference of Opinion" and "Insiders", and presented the history programs "National Treasures", "The Prime Ministers' National Treasures", "Rewind" and "Moments in Time".
In 1995, as part of the Federal Government’s "Australia Remembers" commemorative program, he co-conceived and implemented "Back to the Track", a pilgrimage for WWII veterans commemorating the building of the Stuart Highway between Alice Springs and Darwin, involving a troop train and a convoy of 100 WWII vehicles. 
In May 2005, Brown participated in a recreation of the 1907 Peking to Paris race using five 100 year-old cars. He also presented a four-part documentary series about the event.
Since 2006, he has acted as the overnight MC at Gallipoli on Anzac Day and the pre-service MC at the Australian War Cemetery at Lone Pine.
In 2008 he was selected to be one of the presenters of "Top Gear Australia" on SBS TV, and continued on in Season 2 (2009). He did not follow the program to Channel Nine for its 2010 revamp. 
In 2012 he wrote a biography of Australian adventurer Francis Birtles.
Brown is a keen motoring enthusiast. He owns several vintage vehicles including a 1929 Dennis fire engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19128208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128208" title="List of Estonian animated films">
List of Estonian animated films

List of animated films made in Estonia.
Estonian SSR 1940-1991.
List of Estonian animated films made in the Estonian SSR 1940-1991
Republic of Estonia since 1991.
List of Estonian animated films made in Republic of Estonia since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19128219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128219" title="Coal sludge spill">
Coal sludge spill

Coal sludge spill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19128225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128225" title="Tissa of Upatissa Nuwara">
Tissa of Upatissa Nuwara

Tissa was king of Upatissa Nuwara (modern-day Sri Lanka) from 454 BC to 437 BC. He succeeded his older brother Abhaya after his deposition. Abhaya was appointed the regent by his eight younger brothers but would only be consecrated king after he had finally defeated his nephew Pandukabhaya. However he was deposed by Pandukabhaya.

</doc>
<doc id="19128237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128237" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1938–1940">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1938–1940

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1938 to 21 May 1940. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 
Terms expiring in 1942 and thereafter were extended due to World War II by the "Legislative Council (Postponement of Election) Act 1941" (No. 50 of 1941), which was given assent on 16 January 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19128252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128252" title="Vissefjärda">
Vissefjärda

Vissefjärda is a locality situated in Emmaboda Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 670 inhabitants in 2010. Vissefjärda is also the name of the parish.
Church and stables.
The Vissefjärda church, consecrated in 1773, stands where the Lyckebyån runs into the Kyrksjön. Opposite the church, on the other side of the Lyckebyån, are church stables for some 200 horses, built in 1855 and in use until the late 1930s. The old county road ran along the stables and then crossed the river via an arched bridge, which was demolished in 1937. Since 1948 the stables accommodate a local museum with old tools and household items from the area, and it is the location for Midsummer festivities.
The Vissefjarda Local History Society was formed in April 18, 1937. Since 1950 they publish an annual review, "I Dackebygd", "In Dacke's countryside". Besides the church stables and the Kyrkeby Distillery, the association also takes care of some older houses and cottages in the parish.
Population and area.
Vissefjärda's municipality is 115 ha. Its population varied only slightly since 1960.
Migrants from Vissefjärda in the twentieth century to the United States ended up in Illinois and Kansas.
Other services.
Vissefjärda has a primary school of about 100 students. Extensive renovations in 2008 included the additino of a library. There is a kindergarten, Panther, with about 50 children, and a preschool, Lillgården, for children up to five years.
The Emmaboda golf club owns a golf course with 18 holes, Björketorp, at Kyrksjön. The local sports club, VGIF, was established in 1929, and has football, table tennis, gymnastics, and tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="19128256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128256" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1984 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1984 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1984. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1984. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128264" title="Ankuram">
Ankuram

Ankuram (; translation: "The Seeding") is a 1993 Telugu feature film directed by Umamaheswara Rao. C, with Revathi in the lead role, under the banner of Film India Art Creations. The movie is about an inspiring journey of a middle-class woman to return an abandoned child to his father. "Ankuram" runs, in the background, issues like social stigmas, feudalism, naxalism, bureaucracy and human rights.
The plot unfolds like a Chinese puzzle; it's a journey where we discover gradually the reason for the lead being harassed by the police, the blocks she faces uncovering a father's identity, and the darker side of an authoritarian police force and its brutality towards tribals.
Plot.
The movie starts with the marriage of a young couple. The bride Sindhura (Revathy) finds a child on a train. She wants to support the child, against the wishes of her husband's family, until she locates the child's parents.
She starts enquiring about the passenger who left his daughter on the train. Satyam (Om Puri), father of the child, has been on the chase by feudals and police. The police are unable to find him and arrest his pregnant wife. Tribals protested and planned to attack the police. They were stopped by Dr. Mitra (Charuhasan), a pro-tribal doctor. A sadistic officer forced the mother to do situps, resulting in loss of her life. Angered crowd killed the police officer, which caused more violence between officials and tribals.
During the course of the search, Sindhura is implicated in a false case and loses her married life. She faces the threats by rowdies to her own parents and sisters. She persists with the help of Rao (Sarat Babu) (a civil liberty activist and lawyer), goes to the village, brings the atrocities towards the oppressed people to light, and returns the child.
"Ankuram" ends with the message that citizens who can speak have the responsibility of speaking about the rights of the fellow citizens who can not speak.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack features one popular track "Evaro okaru epudo apudu nadavara mundhuga" with lyrics by Sirivennela and voice by playback singers S. P. Balasubramanyam and Chitra. The theme of the song is that the first person walking towards a new goal is always alone at first and then others follow.
The film has one comic song "Athaarintiki Railekkindhi rubber bomma" which was shot in the train where Revathy was traveling.

</doc>
<doc id="19128286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128286" title="Spiris striata">
Spiris striata

The Feathered Footman "(Spiris striata)" is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe, Anatolia, Kazakhstan, Siberia and Mongolia (excluding eastern regions).
The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on low vegetation and grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="19128303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128303" title="Antal Nagy (footballer born 1956)">
Antal Nagy (footballer born 1956)

Antal Nagy (born 17 October 1956 in Nagyhalász) is a former Hungarian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="19128311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128311" title="Setina irrorella">
Setina irrorella

The Dew Moth "(Setina irrorella)" is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe and Northern Asia.
The wingspan is 27–33 mm. The length of the forewings is 11–18 mm. The moth flies May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on lichen.

</doc>
<doc id="19128312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128312" title="Hungarian Turanism">
Hungarian Turanism

"Hungarian Turanism"' () is a Hungarian nationalist political ideology which stresses the alleged origins of the Hungarian people in the steppes of Central Asia ("Turan") and the affinity and shared origin of the Hungarians with Asian peoples such as the Turkic peoples, Huns etc. Turanism was a driving force in the development of Hungarian social sciences, especially linguistics, ethnography, history, archeology, and Orientalism, and in the development of Hungarian arts, fom architecture to applied and decorative arts.
Initially, Hungarian Turanism posed as a moderate theory and considered that Finno-Ugric peoples also belonged to the Turanian family, but it turned into an extremist ideology and denies any connection with Uralic speakers. Despite the Hungarian Academy of Sciences having always opposed the concept of Turanism, it became popular among the Hungarian political far-right in the years between the two world wars and became an element in Hungarian fascist ideology. 
The Hungarians were (semi-)nomads before the Hungarian conquest of the Carpathian Basin and their culture was similar to other steppe peoples. Many scholars prefer a Uralic homeland of ancient Hungarian conquerors (mainly on linguistic grounds and recent genetic researches of ancient fossils). The proto-Hungarian tribes were situated in the Eurasiatic forest steppe zone, therefore, the ancient relations of the Hungarians and their interactions with other equestrian nomadic peoples are still debated issues. The term "Turanian" quickly became an archaism.
Some extremist turanists have even emphasized “ties of ancestry” with the Tibetan, Japanese, and Korean peoples or the ancient Sumerians. The idea of the necessity for "Turanian brotherhood and collaboration" was borrowed from the "Slavic brotherhood and collaboration" idea of Panslavism.
Origins.
The term "Turanian", now obsolete, was formerly used by European (especially German, Hungarian and Slovak) ethnologists, linguists and Romantics to designate populations speaking non-Indo-European, non-Semitic and non-Hamitic languages
Friedrich Max Müller, the German Orientalist and philologist, published and proposed a new grouping of the non-aryan and non-semitic Asian languages in 1855. In his work "The languages of the seat of war in the East. With a survey of the three 
families of language, Semitic, Arian, and Turanian." he called these languages "Turanian". He divided this group into two subgroups, the Southern Division, and the Northern Division. Hungarian language was classed by him as a member of this 
Northern Division, in the Finnic Class, in the Ugric Branch, with the Voguls and Ugro-Ostiakes as closest relatives (In the long run, his theory proved unsound, but his Northern Division was renamed and reclassed as the Ural-Altaic languages.) His theory was well known and widely discussed in international scientific circles, and was known to Hungarian scientists as well. He was invited to Budapest, the Hungarian capital, by Vámbéry Ármin, the notable Orientalist and Turkologist, in 1874, and become an associate member of the Hungarian Aceademy of Sciences. His public lectures received wide attention, and his terms (originally borrowed by him from Persian texts) "Turan" and "Turanian" become denizens in Hungarian language as "Turán" and "turáni". The meaning of these terms 
was never defined officially. Vámbéry himself used "Turan" to denote the areas of Eastern Balkan, Central and Inner Asia inhabited by Turkic peoples, and used "Turanian" to denote those Turkic-Mongol peoples and languages (and he meant the Finn-Ugric peoples and languages as the members of this group), which lived in or originated from this "Turan" area. Hungarian scientists shared his definition. But in common parlance these terms were used in many (and often different) meanings and 
senses.
At the beginning of Hungarian Turanism, some of the most notable promoters and researchers of turanism like Ármin Vámbéry, Vilmos Hevesy, and Ignác Goldziher were of Jewish origin. For example, It was Ármin Vámbéry who invited Max Müller to Budapest in 1874. However, after World War I, antisemitic influence within Turanism grew.
The Hungarian Turan Society (also called The Hungarian Asiatic Society) was founded in 1910 and included many leading scholars of the day. Initially, the Turan society concentrated on Turan as geographic location where some of the hypothetical ancestors of Hungarians lived. The scholars of the Turan society denied the ethnic and linguistic kinship and relations between Hungarians and the so-called Turanic and Turkic people. However the more popular and radical Turanists soon identified "Turan" with the whole of Asia and even proclaimed kinship between the Hungarians and the Tibetan people, Japanese and Koreans. Hungarian Turanism failed to receive support in the Hungarian and European scientific communities, therefore it tried to build up political connections.
Political Turanism.
The movement received impetus after Hungary's defeat in World War I. Outrage at the Treaty of Trianon, which saw Hungary lose two-thirds of its historical territory, led many to reject Europe and turn towards the East in search of new allies in a bid to revise the terms of the treaty and restore Hungarian power. The more radical Turanists stressed the superiority of Eastern culture and race (Mongoloid) to those of the West (Caucasian) and emphasized the racial aspects of the ideology. In Transylvania, "Turanist ethnographers and folklorists privileged the peasants' cultural 'uniqueness', locating a cultural essence of Magyarness in everything from fishing hooks and methods of animal husbandry to ritual folk songs, archaic, 'individualistic' dances, spicy dishes and superstitions." According to the historian Krisztián Ungváry "With the awakening of Hungarian nationalism at the beginning of the 20th century, the question became topical again. The elite wanted to see itself as a military nation.The claims of certain linguistic researchers regarding the Finno-Ugric relationship were therefore strongly rejected, because many found the idea that their nation was related to a peaceful farming people (the Finns) as insulting...The extremist Turanians insisted on “ties of ancestry” with the Turkish peoples, Tibet, Japan and even the Sumerians, and held the view that Jesus was not a Jew but a Hungarian or a “noble of Parthia”."
Turanism and Hungarian fascism.
The leader of the Hungarian fascist Arrow Cross Party, Ferenc Szálasi, believed in the existence of a "Turanian-Hungarian" race (which included Jesus Christ). The idea was a key part of his ideology of "Hungarism".
In Hungary some fascists (and non-fascists) tried to link the ancestors of the Hungarians to Timur, the Ottomans and Japan, which some Hungarians of the 1930s described as the 'other sword of Turan' (the first sword being Hungary). 
The right-wing Jobbik party and its president Gábor Vona are uncompromising supporters of Turanism and Pan-Turkism (The ideology of Jobbik considers Hungarians as a Turkic nation.)
Turanist belief-systems after 1989.
Christian Turanists.
Many Christian Hungarian Turanists held the view that Jesus Christ was not a Jew but a proto-Hungarian or a “noble of Parthia”. The theory of “Jesus, the Parthian prince” are such, or the revivification of real or supposed elements of priest-magicians of ancient “magic” Middle-Eastern world, shamanism, and pagan ancient Hungarian religion. Also some muslim Turkish Turanists held the view that Muhammad was not an Arab but a Sumerian, and Sumerians are Turanid according to Turanist theses. It is an opportunity for the Christian Turanists to link Jesus Christ to the ancient middle-eastern mystery and the ancient pagan Hungarian beliefs. Both Catholic and Protestant religious leaders of Hungary acted against this theory and beliefs.
Kurultáj.
The Kurultáj is a Turanian tribal meeting based on the "common roots" of some Central Asian people. It is also a popular tourist attraction in Hungary (from late 2000s) and Central Asia. The first Kurultáj was in Kazakhstan in 2007 and the last one was organized in 2012 at Bugac, Hungary. According to the Hungarian researcher Igaz Levente the modern Hungarian Turanism became a kind of business called "Szittya biznisz" (Scythian business) and it has not got much to do with ancient Hungarian traditions.

</doc>
<doc id="19128351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128351" title="Bergkvara">
Bergkvara

Bergkvara is a locality situated in Torsås Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 940 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19128358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128358" title="Rhyparia purpurata">
Rhyparia purpurata

The Purple Tiger ("Rhyparia purpurata") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe, Anatolia, Syria, Transcaucasus, Central Asia (mainly in Kazakhstan and Kyrghyzstan), South Siberia, Mongolia, Amur Region, northern China, Korea and Japan (Honshu).
The length of the forewings is 18–22 mm for males and 22–25 mm for females. The moth flies June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Calluna" and sometimes other herbaceous plants and deciduous trees.

</doc>
<doc id="19128365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128365" title="The Mermaids Singing">
The Mermaids Singing

The Mermaids Singing (1995) is a crime novel by Scottish author Val McDermid, the first featuring her recurring protagonist, Dr. Tony Hill. It was adapted into the pilot episode of ITV1's television series based on McDermid's work, "Wire in the Blood", starring Robson Green and Hermione Norris.
The title is part of the fifth line from the poem "Song" by John Donne, that was referenced in a poem by T. S. Eliot, "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock".
Synopsis.
In the fictional English city of Bradfield, men are being abducted and tortured to death using brutal medieval techniques. The bodies are then found in areas frequented by gay men and women. The police reluctantly recruit a criminal profiler, Dr. Tony Hill. He joins forces with Detective Inspector Carol Jordan, for whom he develops complicated romantic feelings. Dr. Tony Hill has problems of his own, including a mysterious woman named Angelica who frequently calls him for phone sex. As Tony becomes increasingly involved in the investigation, it becomes apparent that the killer is seeking Tony as the next victim. The killer is revealed to be the anonymous caller Angelica, a transsexual woman who kills men that do not return her affections. When kidnapped, Tony figures out her weakness (her desire to be loved) and uses it to avoid being tortured and murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="19128366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128366" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1985 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1985 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1985. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1985. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128368" title="Ministry of Defence (Thailand)">
Ministry of Defence (Thailand)

The Ministry of Defence (; ; Abrv: MOD), is a Cabinet level government department of the Kingdom of Thailand. The Ministry controls and manage the Royal Thai Armed Forces, as well as maintaining national security, territorial integrity and national defence. The Armed Forces of Thailand is made up of three main branches: Royal Thai Army, Royal Thai Navy and Royal Thai Air Force. 
Although the King of Thailand is the Supreme Head of the Thai Armed Forces ( his position is only nominal. The Ministry and the Forces are instead administered by an appointed politician: the Minister of Defence, a member of the Cabinet of Thailand. The post of Minister of Defence has been hold by Air Chief Marshal Sukampol Suwannathat, who succeeded General Yuthasak Sasiprapha on 18 January 2012.
History.
Initially the Ministry was called "Samuha Kalahom" () or Kalahom Department, and was charged with the protection the Southern border. It was founded in the late Ayutthaya period and was retained in the Rattanakosin period. The Ministry in its current form was formed in 1887, under the orders of King Chulalongkorn the Great, to create a permanent military command. This was a result of the increasing threat Western powers were having on the country. The actual Ministry was housed in an old horse and elephant stable, opposite the Grand Palace. A new European style building was however build to house it. At first the Ministry only commanded the Army (founded in 1847), it then incorporated the Navy (founded in 1887) and finally the Air Force (founded in 1913).
The Secretariat.
The Ministry, like any other government department, is headed by the secretariat who helps the Minister and Deputy Ministers exercise their authority and administer the department.
Royal Thai Armed Forces Headquarters.
Formerly the Supreme Command HQ (until February 2008), the Royal Thai Armed Forces Headquarters is situated in Bangkok and is a joint committee of the Royal Thai Armed Forces, in charge of Military planning and execution.
Royal Thai Armed Forces.
Royal Thai Army.
The Royal Thai Army is the land forces of the Thai armed forces. The Army is generally divided into four Army Groups, however it is entirely commanded from Bangkok.
Royal Thai Navy.
The Royal Thai Navy is the sea forces of the kingdom. It comprises several surface light and heavy vessels including one aircraft carrier, the HTMS Chakri Nareubet. The Navy also oversees the Royal Thai Marine Corps.
Royal Thai Air Force.
The Royal Thai Air Force is the air wing of the Thai armed forces. It is one of the oldest Air forces in the world, founded in 1913. It currently provides air defence and air transport for the other branches.
References.
MOD - Thailand

</doc>
<doc id="19128397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128397" title="Oldenburg T 2">
Oldenburg T 2

The Oldenburg T 2 steam locomotives were German 0-4-0 tank engines built between 1896 and 1913 for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways ("Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Staatseisenbahnen"). They were designed for use on branch lines ("Lokal-" and "Nebenbahnen"). A total of 38 units were produced, based on a Prussian T 2 prototype and differing only in the boiler fittings. Unlike their Prussian cousins, they had no steam dome and the regulator was located in the smokebox. Its permitted top speed of 50 km/h was also higher than the Prussian version.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over all of them, apart from number 113, designated them as DRG Class 98.1 and allocated them numbers 98 101 to 98 137. Most of the locomotives were retired in 1926 and 1927, however, and only a few were still working up to 1931. Several locomotives continued in service until 1953 as works engines in locomotive repair shops. 

</doc>
<doc id="19128399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128399" title="Hollo, Pennsylvania">
Hollo, Pennsylvania

Hollo (also Hallo, Niesky, or Nisky) is an unincorporated community in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, United States. Located at (40.7228753, -75.2954566), Hollo lies a short distance southeast (about one minute of latitude south and one minute of longitude east) of the borough of Nazareth, at an altitude of 436 feet (133 m). The intersection of Nazareth Road (Route 248) and Hollo Road lies in northeastern Lower Nazareth Township, southeast of Nazareth and northwest of the city of Easton. Hollo is split between the Easton zip code of 18045 and the Nazareth zip code of 18064. [http://www.hipcodes.com/18045/]

</doc>
<doc id="19128403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128403" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1940–1944">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1940–1944

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1940 to 21 May 1944. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 
On 16 January 1942, the Governor assented to the "Legislative Council (Postponement of Election) Act 1941" (No. 50 of 1941), which extended the terms of all Councillors whose terms expired on 21 May 1942. This was done, in the words of the Act's preamble, due to the "pressing national emergency arising out of the war with Japan in which the Commonwealth of Australia is presently engaged". Later amendments fixed the date as 21 May 1944, and extended all other Councillors' terms by two years.

</doc>
<doc id="19128406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128406" title="Phragmatobia fuliginosa">
Phragmatobia fuliginosa

The Ruby Tiger (Phragmatobia fuliginosa) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe. There are a number of recognized subspecies, such as "P. f. melitensis" in Malta and "P. f. borealis" in Scotland.
The wingspan is 35–45 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on various herbaceous plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19128452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128452" title="1975 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
1975 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Guillermo Vilas defeated Adriano Panatta 6-1, 6-4, 6-4 to win the 1975 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Vilas was the defending champion.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19128459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128459" title="Algeria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Algeria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Algeria sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.
Medallists.
The following Algerian competitors won medals at the games:

</doc>
<doc id="19128462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128462" title="2005 Arab Futsal Championship">
2005 Arab Futsal Championship

The 2005 Arab Futsal Championship took place in Cairo, Egypt from 19 July to 24 July 2005.
Group stage.
Group 1.
Matches
Group 2.
Matches

</doc>
<doc id="19128466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128466" title="Takahashi Gumi">
Takahashi Gumi

Takahashi Gumi is a trallpunk band from Japan inspired by bands like Asta Kask, Strebers and Radioaktiva Räker. Their CD "Trall I La La" was jointly published by Hipcat Records and Waterslide Records. They have also participated in the 2006 compilation "Tralleluja no 1" by Fundamentalismus Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19128467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128467" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1984 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1984 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1984. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1984. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128473" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1944–1946">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1944–1946

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1944 to 21 May 1946. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19128491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128491" title="Madagascar at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Madagascar at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Madagascar competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19128495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128495" title="Knocker (radio series)">
Knocker (radio series)

Knocker is a British radio situation comedy broadcast on digital radio station BBC 7, recorded before a live audience. It is written by and stars Neil Edmond as Ian Dunn, a long suffering market researcher. The series also co-stars Paula Wilcox as Ian's boss, Mary. The programme, produced by Tilusha Ghelani, was first broadcast between 19 November and 24 December 2007.
Plot.
"Knocker" revolves around the unfortunate tale of Ian Dunn, who works as the sole surviving market researcher for International Query Board UK. His position as the only member of the Board who actually goes out of the office to canvas the opinions of the public is not surprising, considering what has to put up with on a day-to-day basis. Ian has to put up with all kinds of bad weather, while trying to ask complete strangers about personal details on the street or at their homes. As a result, most people are hostile to him and he hardly ever gets any work done. The only people Ian ever manages to interview successfully tend to be those who are in it only to gain something from him, or because they are on the verge of insanity.
Ian also has to manage his problems with his boss, Mary. While Ian believes he is trying to be kind to her, she just wants him to get as many responses to his surveys as he possibly can. She even suggests to Ian that he should break the rules, but Ian considers breaking the Market Research Code of Conduct unacceptable, even if it would make his job easier. While not sorting out Ian's problems, Mary usually tries to solve those of Andre, a character who never appears, but is constantly referred to as someone who is accident prone.
Reception.
"Knocker" has had some positive reviews. Phil Daoust from "The Guardian" chose the series as his "Pick of the Day" saying, "Elsewhere, "Knocker" (11.15pm, BBC7) is having a few laughs at the expense of market researchers. Ian Dunn (Neil Edmond) is the International Query Board UK's longest-serving door-to-door interviewer, spreading a little irritation everywhere he goes with his broken clipboard and inappropriate footwear. Some people, it seems, would rather hide in their bins than answer questions about flannels ..."

</doc>
<doc id="19128515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128515" title="Silylium ion">
Silylium ion

A silylium ion (SiR3+) is a reactive silicon-containing cation with three, rather than the usual four bonds. They are the silicon analogues of carbenium ions, and are protonated silylenes.

</doc>
<doc id="19128524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128524" title="Lithuania at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Lithuania at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Lithuania competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19128528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128528" title="Carl Koldewey">
Carl Koldewey

Carl Christian Koldewey (October 26, 1837 – May 17, 1908) was a German Arctic explorer. He led both German North Polar Expeditions.
Life and career.
Koldewey was the son of merchant Johann Christian Koldewey and his wife Wilhelmine Meyer. Koldewey enrolled as a sailor in 1853 immediately after grammar school at Clausthal. At 22 he attended the naval school in Bremen, where he was among Arthur Breusing's best pupils. Later he went to sea again but returned to naval school in 1861. After becoming a captain, Koldewey studied mathematics, physics, and astronomy at the universities of Hanover and Göttingen between 1866 and 1867.
Expeditions.
Through his teacher Breusing and encouraged by August Petermann Koldewey was given the leadership of the first Arctic expedition as captain of ship "Grönland". He had the choice of either advancing northwards as far as possible along Greenland's east coast or to reach so-called Gillis-Land by travelling around Spitsbergen. But adverse conditions and strong ice floes prevented him from reaching both destinations. Finally he reached his northmost latitude of 81°5' near Spitsbergen and returned.
From 1869 to 1870 he was captain of the "Germania" and the leader of another expedition to Greenland and to the Arctic Sea which intended to penetrate into the Arctic central region. It was equipped with the propeller steamboat "Germania" and the sailing ship "Hansa" under captain Paul Friedrich Hegemann. Six scientists joined the expedition: astronomers and physicists Karl Nikolai Jensen Börgen and Ralph Copeland, zoologist, botanist and physician Adolf Pansch, and surveyor Julius von Payer. On the "Hansa" travelled physician and zoologist R. Buchholz and geologist Gustav Carl Laube.
The expedition left Bremerhaven on June 15, 1869. Already on July 20 both ships were separated. The "Hansa" was crushed by the ice on October 19, 1869 and the crew saved itself on an ice floe. Meanwhile the "Germania" reached Sabine Island on August 5, 1869. From there the task of mapping out of the coast between 73° and 77° northern latitude was undertaken by taking measurements from the ship or using sleighs and whalers. This work was a continuation of Edward Sabine's 1823 expedition. Trying to reach the North pole, the "Germania" reached its northernmost latitude 75°30'N on August 14 northeast of Shannon Island, where they had to return on account of lack of leads in the ice. Payer carried out the mapping of Shannon island while the astronomers took latitude measurements on it. A wintering camp was established at Sabine island from August 27, 1869 to July 22, 1870. Advancing inland using sleighs, the islands and coast of Greenland were mapped. Further investigations were carried out that provide an insight into the magnitude of Greenland's mountains and glaciers. However, the actual highlight and most considerable geographical achievement of the expedition was the discovery and investigation of Kaiser-Franz-Joseph-Fjord.
Later work.
After finishing the expeditions Koldewey worked as a writer and took part in scientific publications. Since 1871 he worked at the German naval observatory in Hamburg, whose Nautical Instruments department he took over in 1875. On July 31, 1905 he retired as an admiralty's director. One of his nephews, Robert Koldewey (1855-1925), became a famous archaeologist and architecture historian.
Posthumous honors.
Places named after Carl Koldewey:

</doc>
<doc id="19128559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128559" title="Thailand at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Thailand at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Thailand competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19128568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128568" title="Shinichiro Kawabata">
Shinichiro Kawabata


</doc>
<doc id="19128590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128590" title="1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships – Women's high jump">
1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships – Women's high jump

The Women's High Jump event at the 1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships in Paris, France was held on March 8, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19128602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128602" title="Pterois mombasae">
Pterois mombasae

The Frillfin turkeyfish ("Pterois mombasae") is a fish of the genus "Pterois". Found in the tropical Indian Ocean and the Western Pacific, it grows to a maximum size of 20 cm. Typically found in soft-bottomed areas of the ocean, often in conjunction with invertebrate growth (for example, sponges). Moderate commercial value.

</doc>
<doc id="19128635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128635" title="Byxelkrok">
Byxelkrok

Byxelkrok is a locality situated on the northern end of Öland, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19128638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128638" title="Damdiny Demberel">
Damdiny Demberel

Damdiny Demberel (; born on April 15, 1941 in Mankhan Sum, Khovd Aimag) is the Speaker of the State Great Khural of Mongolia.
After 1990.
In 1990-1992, Demberel was First-Secretary of the MPRP Committee of Zavkhan Aimag. In 1992, he was elected to the State Small Hural of Mongolia. Since then, he has not lost any election to the State Great Khural. He was elected as a MP five times, i.e., in 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008 and has been serving his fifth term.
While he was a Member of Parliament, he held important posts in the State Great Hural, i.e., he was the Leader of the MPRP Group in the State Great Hural in 1992-1994, Chairman of the Standing Committee on Government Structure in 2000-2004, has been Minister for Social Welfare and Labor since 2007 and has been elected as Speaker of the State Great Hural since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19128660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128660" title="Załęże (disambiguation)">
Załęże (disambiguation)

Załęże is a district of Katowice, Poland.
Załęże may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19128669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128669" title="Macedonia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Macedonia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Macedonia competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19128694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128694" title="Hirotami Kojima">
Hirotami Kojima


</doc>
<doc id="19128703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128703" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1983 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1983 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1983. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1983. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128706" title="1969–70 FA Cup">
1969–70 FA Cup

The 1969–70 FA Cup was the 89th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. First Division Chelsea won the competition for the first time, first drawing with Leeds United 2–2 in the final at Wembley, before winning 2–1 in the replay at Old Trafford. 
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
First Round Proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third and Fourth Divisions joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 15 November 1969. Thirteen matches were drawn, of which two went to second replays and one of these to a third.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 6 December 1969. Seven matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week. Two games needed a second replay, and one of these a third.
Third Round Proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled Saturday, 3 January 1970, but three were played at later dates. Nine matches were drawn and went to replays, with one of these requiring a second replay. 
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 24 January 1970. Five matches were drawn, with the replays taking place three or four days later.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 7 February 1970, with one replay played four days later.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were played on the 21 February 1970. There was one replay on the following Wednesday.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 14 March 1970 with the Manchester United–Leeds United match needing two replays to settle the contest. Leeds and Chelsea came through the semi final round to meet at Wembley.
Final.
The 1970 FA Cup Final was contested by Leeds United and Chelsea at Wembley on the 11 April 1970. The match finished as a 2–2 draw after extra time and so went to a replay. The second final match took place at Old Trafford, Manchester on the 29 April 1970. This match finished 2–1, again requiring extra time to be played before Chelsea finished as the victors.

</doc>
<doc id="19128709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128709" title="St. Stephen's Church, Sneinton">
St. Stephen's Church, Sneinton

St. Stephen's Church, Sneinton is a parish church in the Church of England.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church dates back to medieval times, and was served from Lenton Priory. From the Dissolution of the Monasteries the church was served mostly by clergy from St. Mary's Church, Nottingham until it became a parish is its own right in 1866.
The current building dates from 1837 and it was designed by Thomas Rickman and built by W. Surplice of Nottingham. It was one of the earliest Gothic Revival buildings in Nottinghamshire. It is a Commissioners' church, having been given a grant towards the cost of its construction by the Church Building Commission; the full cost of the church was £4,511 (£ as of ), towards which the Commission granted £1,303. The clock was installed by Reuben Bosworth.
The church's early catholic liturgy was noted by Wylie in 1853, and it was the first church in Nottingham to introduce a surpliced choir - "There is a male choir, the members of which are dressed in surplices. This is the only Protestant place of worship in the neighbourhood where this and other kindred practices, such as intoning the prayers, prevail.". Compare this with nearby St Mary's Church, Nottingham which did not introduce surplices for the choir until 1868
The church was extended between 1909 and 1912 and Cecil Greenwood Hare to designs by George Frederick Bodley.
Following the closure of St. Matthias' Church, Nottingham in 2003 the parish is now known as St. Stephen and St. Matthias.
Features.
The reredos to the high altar was designed by George Frederick Bodley and carved in Oberammergau. It features scenes from the life of Christ.
The choir stalls date from the fourteenth or fifteenth century and were originally from St. Mary's Church, Nottingham. They were acquired by the organist of St. Stephen's in 1848. They contain fine medieval misericords which have carved figures.
Pathe News.
The church featured in a 1959 British Pathe newsreel, which showed Reverend John Tyson, the local vicar, encouraging young people back to church. They helped with the cleaning, attended evening service and in return were able to build a cafe and rock 'n' roll club.

</doc>
<doc id="19128711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128711" title="Chinese Taipei at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Chinese Taipei at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Chinese Taipei competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The delegation consisted of seventeen competitors in six sports: archery, track and field athletics, powerlifting, shooting, swimming, and table tennis. The athletes were ten men and seven women ranging in age from 27 to 53 years old.
"Chinese Taipei" is the delegation name used since 1979 by athletes from Taiwan and the Taiwan Area at the Olympic and Paralympic Games. Thus, Chinese Taipei's participation in the Beijing Paralympics did not contradict the One China policy and was not objected to by the People's Republic of China.
As in previous editions of the Summer Paralympics, the flag of the Republic of China was not displayed. Instead, the Chinese Taipei Paralympic flag was used when Taiwanese athletes won medals. When Lin Tzu-hui of Chinese Taipei won a gold medal, the National Banner Song, not the National Anthem of the Republic of China, was played at the medal ceremony.
Three days before the beginning of the Games, the "Taipei Times" reported that two of Chinese Taipei's star athletes, double Paralympic champion Chiang Chih-chung and world athletics champion Chen Ming-tsai, had been barred from attending by the International Paralympic Committee. The "Times" added that no reason had been given for the ban, even after the Chinese Taipei Paralympic Committee had requested an explanation from the IPC. A representative of the CTPC stated that the People's Republic of China may have "interfered for political reasons" to prevent Chiang and Chen from participating in the Games. The "Taipei Times" article was subsequently reproduced on the Taiwanese government's website.
Medallists.
Chinese Taipei won two medals, a gold and a bronze.
Powerlifting.
The Chinese Taipei powerlifting team includes Lin Tzu-hui, a gold medalist at the 2004 Paralympics. Also on the team is Lin Ya-Hsuan, who took eighth place and seventh place at the 2000 and 2004 games, respectively.
Shooting.
The Chinese Taipei shooting team includes Lin Chin-mei, a silver medalist in the women's 10 meter air pistol at the 2004 Summer Paralympics.
Swimming.
The Chinese Taipei team includes a single swimmer, Luo Hsiao-hong. The 41-year-old former water polo player will be making her Paralympic debut in Beijing.
Table tennis.
The table tennis team includes two returning medalists from the 2004 Athens Paralympics. Wei Mei-hui won a silver in the women's team class 5 and a bronze in the singles class 5, while Hu Ming-fu took bronze in the men's team class 9.

</doc>
<doc id="19128712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128712" title="Hiroshi Nakamoto">
Hiroshi Nakamoto


</doc>
<doc id="19128714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128714" title="Toporów">
Toporów

Toporów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19128718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128718" title="1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships – Women's long jump">
1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships – Women's long jump

The Women's Long Jump event at the 1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships in Paris, France was held on March 9, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19128723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128723" title="Best Wishes for Tomorrow">
Best Wishes for Tomorrow

Best Wishes for Tomorrow (明日への遺言 Ashita e no yuigon) is a Japanese film by director Takashi Koizumi and based on the novel "Nagai Tabi" (A long journey) by Shohei Ooka.
Plot summary.
The post war trial of Lieutenant General Tasuku Okada, who took responsibility for ordering the execution of 38 captured US prisoners of war, after he considered them to be war criminals instead for the war time fire bombing of Nagoya. Okada took full blame for the war crime, in effect, shielding his subordinates from harsh punishment and earning him wide respect. The movie seeks to call attention to the unresolved question of American war crime culpability in the fire and atomic bombings of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19128724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128724" title="Oldenburg P 4.1">
Oldenburg P 4.1

The steam locomotives of Oldenburg Class P 4.1 (later DRG Class 36.12) were German locomotives built for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways ("Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Staatseisenbahnen") between 1896 and 1902. They were based on a Prussian P 4.1 prototype and a total of 19 engines were procured up to 1902. Overall the Oldenburg engine was less powerful than its Prussian counterpart, because the grate area was smaller and the steam dome was omitted. The regulators was housed in the smokebox. The Deutsche Reichsbahn took them over in 1920 and allocated them numbers 36 1201 to 36 1219. They were retired in the 1930s.
They were coupled with tenders of class 3 T 12.

</doc>
<doc id="19128730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128730" title="Masafumi Nishi">
Masafumi Nishi


</doc>
<doc id="19128731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128731" title="Ironheart Crown">
Ironheart Crown

The Ironheart Crown (IHC) is a US-based mixed martial arts organization founded in 1999. The official first event took place on November 6, 1999 at the St. Andrews Arena on Addison Street in Chicago, Illinois. The second event was held at the same venue the following year.
By the second show, the Ironheart Crown's attendance had met the capacity of the original venue. At about the same time, the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation initiated a State-wide crack down on "ultimate fighting exhibitions" which had been outlawed since 1996. The need for a larger venue and legal pressure from the State's authorities pushed the event over the border to the Hammond Civic Center in Hammond, Indiana. The Ironheart Crown would remain at this venue for seven years, during which time it would grow to become one of the largest and most prestigious shows in the area.
In July 2008, legislation was finally passed to legalize mixed martial arts in the State of Illinois. On November 8, 2008, the Ironheart Crown returned home to Chicago, the city of its founding. In doing so, the city's oldest MMA production also became the first to host a State-sanctioned, all-pro show within the city limits. The homecoming show was held at the UIC Pavilion, a 7,000-seat downtown arena.
The Ironheart website was last updated in 2008 and is no longer available.

</doc>
<doc id="19128736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128736" title="Hiroyuki Sakaguchi">
Hiroyuki Sakaguchi


</doc>
<doc id="19128745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128745" title="Yasuhiro Sato">
Yasuhiro Sato


</doc>
<doc id="19128746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128746" title="Jim Mills (rugby league)">
Jim Mills (rugby league)

Jim Mills (born 29 September 1944 in Aberdare) is a British former professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 70s. A Wales and Great Britain international representative front row forward, "Big Jim" as he was known, played club rugby in England with Halifax, Salford, Bradford, Widnes and Workington Town, and also in Australia for North Sydney. His son, David Mills also became a Front Row forward for Widnes, playing in Super League.
Mills originally played rugby union in Wales with Cardiff RFC before turning professional. He started playing rugby league in 1965 for Halifax Mills won caps for Great Britain in 1974 against Australia (2 matches) and New Zealand. In 1968 he started playing for Widnes. Mills played at front row forward, and scored a try in Widnes' 14-7 victory over Warrington in the 1974–75 Northern Rugby Football League season's Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 10 May 1975.
After a strong display in Wales' win against England in the 1975 World Series in Brisbane, Sydney's Manly-Warringah and Canterbury-Bankstown clubs were keen to get the prop's signature. Mills was banned for the rest of the season after stomping on John Greengrass's head in the 25-24 win over New Zealand at Swansea in the same tournament. The ban was eventually lifted on 2 January 1976 however Mills remained banned for life by the New Zealand Rugby League.
Mills played in the front row during the 12-3 victory over Wakefield Trinity in the 1978–79 Northern Rugby Football League season's Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 5 May 1979. He played for Great Britain again in 1978 and '79 against Australia.
Mills was also one of the original thirteen former Widnes players inducted into the Widnes Hall of Fame in 1992. That year he also worked as team manager for the Welsh national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19128757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128757" title="Yasunori Takami">
Yasunori Takami


</doc>
<doc id="19128773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128773" title="Nickelodeon (CIS)">
Nickelodeon (CIS)

Nickelodeon (Russia and CIS) is a children's channel broadcasting in the CIS countries, Russia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Belarus, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Ukraine, Moldova, Turkmenistan & CIS, that was launched on November 15, 1998. The channel is broadcast in Russian language and English Both soundtracks are available.
The High-Definition simulcast started broadcasting on October 4, 2011, becoming the first kids channel throughout the CIS countries to broadcast in HD.
Availability.
"Nickelodeon (CIS)" is an encrypted channel broadcasting on NTV Plus, NTV Plus Ukraine, Rikor, Viasat Ukraine, Poverkhnost, and Katelco Plus... in English & Russian. And the channel is also available on most cable operators in the CIS countries.
In the CIS, the Russian-language version of osuschestlyat channel TV (including advertising), with the exception of "The Kids first" (the channel does not have the right to show).
Opening and closing times.
Startup.
Nick Jr. signs-on at 3:00 AM with national anthem (depending on the country it aired) with flag (of the country it aired), promo, channel ident and programmes.
Closedown.
Nick Jr. signs-off at 6:00 PM with the last programme, promo, channel ident, national anthem, handover to the country's channel from 6:00 PM until 3:00 PM in daily.

</doc>
<doc id="19128776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128776" title="Seán Tubridy">
Seán Tubridy

(John) Seán Tubridy (died 15 July 1939) was an Irish politician and medical practitioner. Tubridy was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway constituency at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected at the September 1927 general election but lost his seat at the 1932 general election. He stood unsuccessfully at the 1933 general election but was elected for the Galway West constituency at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at the 1938 general election, but died during the 10th Dáil in July 1939. The by-election caused by his death was held on 30 May 1940 and was won by John J. Keane of Fianna Fáil. 
His grandson is the broadcaster Ryan Tubridy.

</doc>
<doc id="19128778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128778" title="Akihiro Togo">
Akihiro Togo


</doc>
<doc id="19128797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128797" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1983 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1983 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1983. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1983. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128800" title="Koji Tokunaga">
Koji Tokunaga


</doc>
<doc id="19128803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128803" title="MTV's Top Pop Group">
MTV's Top Pop Group

"MTV's Top Pop Group" was a competition consisting of nine pop groups looking to be the next Top pop group. The show aired on MTV and was hosted by Mario Lopez. The judges were Brian Friedman (former choreographer and judge from So You Think You Can Dance), Michelle Williams (from Destiny's Child) and Taboo (from The Black Eyed Peas). Marianela Pereyra was the show's backstage correspondent. The casting special aired on August 28, 2008 the show premiered on September 11, 2008. Only 4 weeks after the premiere, the series finale was aired suddenly on October 2, 2008.
Performances.
Week 1:
Week 2:
Week 3:
Week 4:

</doc>
<doc id="19128807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128807" title="Shigeki Wakabayashi">
Shigeki Wakabayashi


</doc>
<doc id="19128819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128819" title="Katsumi Watanabe">
Katsumi Watanabe


</doc>
<doc id="19128822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128822" title="XBRLS">
XBRLS

XBRLS (XBRL Simple Application Profile) is an application profile of XBRL.
XBRLS is designed to be 100% XBRL compliant. The stated goals of XBRLS are "to maximize XBRL's benefits, reduce costs of implementation, and maximize the functionality and effectiveness of XBRL". XBRL is a general purpose specification, based on the idea that no one is likely to use 100% of the components of XBRL in building any one solution. XBRLS specifies a subset of XBRL that is designed to meet the needs of most business users in most situations, and offers it as a starting point for others. This approach creates an application profile of XBRL (equivalent to a database view but concerned with metadata, not data).
XBRLS is intended to enable the non-XBRL expert to create both XBRL metadata and XBRL reports in a simple and convenient manner. At the same time, it seeks to improve the usability of XBRL, the interoperability among XBRL-based solutions, the effectiveness of XBRL extensions and to reduce software development costs.
The profile was created by Rene van Egmond and Charlie Hoffman, who was the initial creator of XBRL. It borrows heavily from the US GAAP Taxonomy Architecture.
XBRLS Architecture.
The XBRLS architecture is based on many ideas used by the US GAAP Taxonomy Architecture. The intent of the XBRLS architecture is to make it easier for business users to make use of XBRL, to make it easier for software vendors to support XBRL, and to safely use the features of XBRL. XBRLS is a subset of what is allowed by the complete XBRL Specification. Examples of these limitations placed on XBRL are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19128835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128835" title="1998 Arab Futsal Championship">
1998 Arab Futsal Championship

The 1998 Arab Futsal Championship took place in Cairo, Egypt from 6 December to 12 December 1998.
Mauritania were originally invited, but declined and were replaced by Palestine.
Group stage.
Group 1.
Matches
Group 2.
Matches

</doc>
<doc id="19128839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128839" title="Tosa-Ōtsu Station">
Tosa-Ōtsu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19128842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128842" title="Rockdale, New York">
Rockdale, New York

Rockdale is a hamlet in the town of Guilford, Chenango County, New York. It is located on the Unadilla River.
Some chapters of the novel "Atlas Shrugged" by Ayn Rand take place at Rockdale's railway station and at an estate five miles from the town. It is the location of the Rockdale Community Church, added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19128844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128844" title="Cacá Bueno">
Cacá Bueno

Carlos Eduardo Santos Galvão Bueno Filho, better known as Cacá Bueno (born 24 January 1976) is a Brazilian racing driver, best known for winning the Stock Car Brasil championship five times.
Career.
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Bueno started his karting career in 1988 and won the São Paulo states championship in 1992.
His father, Galvão Bueno is a Brazilian sports commentator, very famous in Brazil as the host of the Formula One races, National football team matches and key Brazilian football matches, and friend with Brazilian sport stars. Therefore, Cacá grew up near Brazilian sports idols such as Ayrton Senna.
Although Formula One champion Senna was a his idol, Bueno preferred touring car racing and debuted to Stock Car Brasil in 2002. He finished third in his first championship and became vice-champion for three consecutive years (2003–2005).
He won the Stock Car Brasil championship in 2006 at last and became double-champion in 2007. He won the championship again in 2009, 2011 and 2012.
He also has competed in the TC2000, an Argentine touring car series, and ended the 2001 season in 3rd place. In recent years, he competed in the 2007 season in parallel with Stock Car Brasil.
He made his World Touring Car Championship debut for Chevrolet at Brands Hatch. He retired from the first race due to an engine fire, which also stopped him from starting the second race.
In August 2010, Bueno ran a Chevrolet Vectra on the Bonneville Salt Flats at speeds over 340 km/h (~210 mph).

</doc>
<doc id="19128849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128849" title="Nunoshida Station">
Nunoshida Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19128855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128855" title="Brendan Maclean">
Brendan Maclean

Brendan Maclean is a Sydney, Australia based national radio announcer.
Music and acting career.
In 2007 Maclean won Australia's National Youth Week People's Choice award for his debut record "Airport People". He then went on to win the Australian National Youth Week Industry award for Writing in 2008.
Brendan's debut EP, "White Canvas" was released on iTunes in March 2010. The video clip for the first single 'Practically Wasted' won Best Music Video in the Queensland New Film Awards and came in at 38 in the ABC Rage Top 50 for 2010. His follow up single "Cold and Happy" was selected as Channel V's Ripe Clip of The week and entered their Top 40 charts at 34 on Oct, 29th, 2011. It then went on to place in the Top 10 of the 2011 ABC Rage Top 50.
Brendan's notable live performance for 2011 included national tours with Kate Miller-Heidke and former Savage Garden singer Darren Hayes.
Maclean has made appearances in commercials for Coca-Cola, Wii and was the face of Virgin Mobile's Australian 2010 campaign. As a child he can be spotted dancing in a video-clip for pop singer Nikki Webster. 
Maclean played "Klipspringer" in the Baz Luhrmann remake of "The Great Gatsby".
Presenting.
He broadcasts weekly for youth station Triple J. Maclean began presenting in 2007 after an interview with Zan Rowe which celebrated the stations unsigned artist competition, Unearthed. Maclean had posted many music reviews as a "SuperUser" under the pseudonym "Murdoch". He has been heard presented Mid-dawns, Weekend Lunch, Weekend Breakfast, Super Request and Summer House Party.
In 2009, Maclean was the semi-finalist for the Channel V Presenter Search for New South Wales and in late 2010 he joined the network for their series B430; writing and recording a travel show in Hawaii.
Wikipedia vandalism.
On November 15, 2013, Maclean edited the Wikipedia page of Australia's Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Scott Morrison to describe him as "a terrible person". Explaining the move, he said: "We can't blame Scott Morrison for who he is. You'd be a terrible person as well if you were the Liberal Member for the Sutherland Shire."
Maclean also posted a screenshot of the Wikipedia page for The Australian which had been edited to say the newspaper "stinks". He wrote: "I hope The Australian do a tell all exclusive on Wikipedia vandalism".

</doc>
<doc id="19128862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128862" title="Voinovich">
Voinovich

Voinovich, Voynovich or Vojnović () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19128866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128866" title="Tosa-Ikku Station">
Tosa-Ikku Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19128881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128881" title="Azōno Station">
Azōno Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19128905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128905" title="Rydaholm">
Rydaholm

Rydaholm is a locality situated in Värnamo Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 1,474 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19128913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128913" title="Smoothing spline">
Smoothing spline

The smoothing spline is a method of smoothing (fitting a smooth curve to a set of noisy observations) using a spline function.
Definition.
Let formula_1 be a sequence of observations, modeled by the relation formula_2. The smoothing spline estimate formula_3 of the function formula_4 is defined to be the minimizer (over the class of twice differentiable functions) of
Remarks:
Derivation of the smoothing spline.
It is useful to think of fitting a smoothing spline in two steps:
Now, treat the second step first.
Given the vector formula_13 of fitted values, the sum-of-squares part of the spline criterion is fixed. It remains only to minimize formula_14, and the minimizer is a natural cubic spline that interpolates the points formula_15. This interpolating spline is a linear operator, and can be written in the form
where formula_17 are a set of spline basis functions. As a result, the roughness penalty has the form
where the elements of "A" are formula_19. The basis functions, and hence the matrix "A", depend on the configuration of the predictor variables formula_7, but not on the responses formula_21 or formula_22.
Now back to the first step. The penalized sum-of-squares can be written as
where formula_24.
Minimizing over formula_22 gives
De Boor's approach.
De Boor's approach exploits the same idea, of finding a balance between having a smooth curve and being close to the given data.
formula_27
where formula_28 is a parameter called smooth factor and belongs to the interval formula_29, and formula_30 are the quantities controlling the extent of smoothing (they represent the weight formula_31 of each point formula_21). In practice, since cubic splines are mostly used, formula_33 is usually formula_34. The solution for formula_35 was proposed by Reinsch in 1967. For formula_35, when formula_28 approaches formula_38, formula_3 converges to the "natural" spline interpolant to the given data. As formula_28 approaches formula_41, formula_3 converges to a straight line (the smoothest curve). Since finding a suitable value of formula_28 is a task of trial and error, a redundant constant formula_44 was introduced for convenience.
formula_44 is used to numerically determine the value of formula_28 so that the function formula_3 meets the following condition:
formula_48
The algorithm described by de Boor starts with formula_49 and increases formula_28 until the condition is met. If formula_51 is an estimation of the standard deviation for formula_21, the constant formula_44 is recommended to be chosen in the interval formula_54. Having formula_55 means the solution is the "natural" spline interpolant. Increasing formula_44 means we obtain a smoother curve by getting farther from the given data.
Creating a multidimensional spline.
Given the constraint from the definition formula formula_57 we can conclude that the algorithm doesn't work for any sets of data. If we plan to use this algorithm for random points in a multidimensional space we need to find a solution to give as input to the algorithm sets of data where these constraints are met. A solution for this is to introduce a parameter so that the input data would be represented as single-valued functions depending on that parameter; after this the smoothing will be performed for each function. In a bidimensional space a solution would be to parametrize formula_58 and formula_59 so that they would become formula_60 and formula_61 where formula_62. A convenient solution for formula_63 is the cumulating distance formula_64 where formula_65.
A more detailed analysis on parametrization is done by E.T.Y Lee.
Related methods.
Smoothing splines are related to, but distinct from:
Source code.
Source code for spline smoothing can be found in the examples from Carl de Boor's book "A Practical Guide to Splines". The examples are in Fortran programming language. The updated sources are available also on Carl de Boor's official site [http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~deboor/].

</doc>
<doc id="19128917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128917" title="Marc-André Bédard">
Marc-André Bédard

Marc-André Bédard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19128921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128921" title="Miyu Nagaoka">
Miyu Nagaoka

Miyu Nagaoka (長岡望悠 "Nagaoka Miyu", born July 25, 1991) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="19128948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128948" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1982 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1982 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1982. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1982. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19128955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128955" title="Shane Chapman">
Shane Chapman

Shane "Choppa" Chapman (born 7 April 1978) is a New Zealand super middleweight kickboxer and boxer, fighting out of City Lee Gar Gym in Auckland. He is the 2002 and 2004 K-1 Oceania MAX champion and 4 time Muay Thai World champion.
Biography and career.
Shane Chapman made his amateur kickboxing debut in 1995 aged 19, winning by TKO. Between 1995 and the latter half of 1997 he had a successful amateur career on the local circuit, winning 8 out of 9 fights and picking up the New Zealand North Island and South Pacific titles at super welterweight. On 18 September 1997 he made his professional Muay Thai debut defeating Norm Graham over 5 rounds at a domestic event in Auckland, New Zealand. In 1998 he won his first professional (and world) title by defeating a Chinese fighter to win the W.F.S.B. world title at light middleweight. He followed this up later in the year to claim his second world title in Hong Kong – this time it was the H.K.M.T.A. belt. Chapman was now a double world champion at just 19 years old.
By the turn of the millennium Chapman was facing stronger and stronger fighters from Thailand, Japan and Australia. Between the end of 1999 and throughout the majority of 2001, he went undefeated, winning 14 fights against opposition such as John Wayne Parr, Akeomi Nitta and Thai world champion Dejpayak Sasirapa, winning the Judgement Day 1 "Australasian Super 8" tournament, and the W.M.C. Asia-Pacific and I.S.S. Brute Force titles. His record ended on 15 August 2001 where he was stopped in the final of the Judgement 2 tournament by multiple Muay Thai and kickboxing world champion Daniel Dawson. At the end of 2001, Chapman made his K-1 MAX debut at the inaugural K-1 Oceania MAX 2001 tournament in Melbourne, Australia, with the prize being a place at the first ever K-1 MAX world final – an event for middleweight kickboxers (70 kg). Chapman won the tournament by defeating all three opponents via decision and booked his place in Tokyo as the Oceania regional winner. At the K-1 World MAX 2002 Chapman faced Albert Kraus in the quarter finals. After three rounds it was eventual champion Kraus who had his hand raised - beating Shane by a close but unanimous decision after three rounds. 
Chapman returned to K-1 MAX at the K-1 Oceania MAX 2002 event but the reigning champion could only make the semi finals, losing to John Wayne Parr via knockout in a rematch of their 2000 bout which Shane had won. In 2003 he signed up with the newly created Austrian promotion SuperLeague and defeated Muay Thai champion Ole Laursen on his debut. Later that year he entered the second ever K-1 MAX New Zealand event, making the final but losing to Jordan Tai by a close split decision after three rounds. He lost his next couple of SuperLeague fights to Yoshihiro Sato and Kamal El Amrani but did manage to win his third world title – claiming the W.K.B.F. Muay Thai middleweight belt. He would also make his professional boxing debut that year and would have two matches (winning both) against local opposition.
After his defeat to El Amrani, Chapman went on another winning streak defeating nine opponents including victories against top level fighters such as Jean-Charles Skarbowsky, Arslan Magomedov and Ramazan Ramazanov. He also booked his place at the K-1 World MAX 2005 Open by winning his second K-1 MAX Oceania title in 2004. His winning streak ended at the elimination round in Tokyo, where he lost to rival and close friend John Wayne Parr in the last match of their trilogy of fights. With this defeat Shane would be unable to qualify for the K-1 World MAX final and would have his last bout with K-1, finishing 10 and 4 with the organization. By the end of 2005 he won his fourth world title by defeating legendary Thai Lamsongkram Chuwattana in Hong Kong to claim the H.K.M.T.A. Muay Thai middleweight belt.
In 2006, Chapman returned to SuperLeague defeating Petr Polak and dropping a close decision to multiple world champion Dmitry Shakuta. These would be his last fights with the SuperLeague organization (which folded later that year), finishing with a 2 and 4 record in a very competitive 76 kg division. During the second half of the year, Chapman won the S-1 Oceania tournament in what would be his last major kickboxing title. During 2007 he would have a number of kickboxing bouts, with notable draws against Cosmo Alexandre and Eugune Ekkelboom respectively but was becoming more and more focused on his pro boxing career. In 2008 he would have his first shot at a boxing title but came up short against Daniel McKinnon who retained his W.B.O. Oriental super middleweight belt after twelve rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19128958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128958" title="Richard Penn, Sr.">
Richard Penn, Sr.

Richard Penn (17 January 1706 – 4 February 1771) was a proprietary and titular governor of the province of Pennsylvania and the counties of New Castle, Kent, and Sussex (which three now comprise the state of Delaware) on the Delaware River.
Born in Bristol, England, he was the third son of William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania, by his second wife, Hannah Margaret Callowhill. He married Hannah, daughter of John Lardner, and had two sons, John and Richard, both of whom also served as provincial governors of Pennsylvania. 
On May 12, 1732 Richard with his brothers John Penn and Thomas Penn, as the proprietors of Pennsylvania, signed an order to create a commission. This order was directed to Governor Gordon, Isaac Norris, Samuel Preston, James Logan, and Andrew Hamilton, Esquires, and to the gentlemen James Steel and Robert Charles. The commission, which was to be made up of at least three or more of these individuals, was given full power on behalf of the proprietors for the “running, marking, and laying out” of any boundary between Pennsylvania and Maryland. This was in accordance to the agreement signed between the Penn brothers and Charles Calvert, 5th Baron Baltimore on May 10, 1732.
He died in England on 4 February 1771.

</doc>
<doc id="19128964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128964" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1946–1948">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1946–1948

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1946 to 21 May 1948. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19128970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128970" title="People's joint association">
People's joint association

People's joint association(also "Manmingongdonghue"(만민공동회) and "Kwanmingongdonghoe"(관민공동회)) was a civic group and congress of mass people in Korean Empire, 1897. a subordinate office of Independence Club.
first People's joint association was congress was held by Independence Club. and latter part congress was Korean peoples autonomy. founder of Seo Jae-pil, Yun Chi-ho, Lee Sang-jae.
Activity.
founder of Seo Jae-pil, Yun Chi-ho, Lee Sang-jae, there was a member of Independence club. also Manmingongdonghoi's vip member was Seo Jae-pil, Yu Gil-chun, Yun Chi-ho, Ahn Chang-ho, Lee Sang-jae, Syngman Rhee ather. 
Manmingongdongheo was first held on 1896. On March 10, 1897, criticizing an intervention of Russia. Ten thousand Seoul citizens attended the congress. Within ten days, the Korean Empire government agreed the decisions of Manmingongdonghoe and Russia conceded to Korean order. The congress grew more and more, and insisted on various rights of people and protection of concessions from the great Powers. 
first congress was Independence Club also latter part congress was Korean peoples autonomy.
On October 12, the congress succeed in founding a reform minded government composed of innovative officials such as Mihn Yong-hwan and Park Jeong-yang. The new government agreed to establish a national assembly. However pro-Russians and conservatives who hated Manmingongdonghoe, spread a rumor that the congress will revolt and expel Emperor Gojong. Gojong surprised and ordered the troops to dissolve the congress.
Significance.
Manmingongdonghoe spread thoughts of human rights, democracy and patriotism among Korean people.

</doc>
<doc id="19128971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19128971" title="St George in the Meadows, Nottingham">
St George in the Meadows, Nottingham

St George in the Meadows is a parish church in the Church of England in The Meadows, Nottingham.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest. 
History.
The nave of the church was opened for worship in 1888 and was designed by Richard Charles Sutton. The chancel was added in 1897 designed by George Frederick Bodley and the Lady Chapel in 1911. 
The church is located in the Meadows area of Nottingham.
The parish merged with that of St. John the Baptist's Church, Leenside, Nottingham when that church was demolished after damage during the Second World War.
Tradition.
The church supports the work of Forward in Faith and is under the pastoral care of the Bishop of Beverley.
Organ.
The organ was built by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd in 1895 and the case was designed by George Frederick Bodley. The specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19129049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129049" title="Schola Cantorum (disambiguation)">
Schola Cantorum (disambiguation)

Schola Cantorum (Latin: "singers' school") can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19129086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129086" title="Chromodoris annae">
Chromodoris annae

Chromodoris annae is a species of sea slug, a very colorful nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Distribution.
This species of nudibranch is found in the central area of the Indo-Pacific region from Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines to the Marshall Islands.
Description.
"Chromodoris annae" can reach a maximum size of 5 cm length. 
The body is elongate with a foot which is distinct from the upper body by a skirt like mantle hiding partially the foot.
The branched gills and the rhinophores are orange to yellow and can be withdraw in specific pockets under the skin in case of danger.
The main background color is bluish, the intensity of the latter varying from blue-grey to intense blue, slightly speckled by black tiny spots.
The blue dorsal side and the foot are bordered with a black line which can be discontinuous depending on the specimen. A black dash cross the pair of rhinophore and represents a distinctive sign within the other similar species like "Chromodoris elisabethina" and "Chromodoris westraliensis".
The mantle edge and the foot are bordered with white and orange to yellow lines in which the width and the color intensity can vary greatly from a specimen to another.

</doc>
<doc id="19129090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129090" title="Crawford Hill, Nebraska">
Crawford Hill, Nebraska

"Crawford Hill" is the name of a helper district with a double-horseshoe curve on the BNSF Railway as it climbs the Pine Ridge escarpment about 11 km (7 miles) southeast of Crawford, Nebraska. Helper engines based in Crawford are used to help coal trains from Wyoming's Powder River Basin make it up the escarpment.

</doc>
<doc id="19129100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129100" title="2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Men's 1 km time trial">
2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Men's 1 km time trial

The 2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships - Men's 1 km Time Trial was the 2006 world championship track cycling time trial. It was held on April 14, 2006 at 20:20 in Bordeaux, France. The event was conducted over a single round.

</doc>
<doc id="19129107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129107" title="Brian Sarre">
Brian Sarre

Brian Sarre is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Subiaco in the WANFL during the 1960s. He is the full-back in Subiaco's official 'Team of the Century'.
Sarre, originally from Albany, was eighteen when he made his Subiaco debut in 1960. He spent the rest of the decade as the club's full-back, although occasionally he would venture forward or play in the ruck. Sarre finished his career with 172 games but never once got to appear in a Grand Final. His brother John also played at Subiaco while their father had been a ruckman with Sturt.
He made twelve interstate appearances for Western Australia, the first of which came in 1963 when he won a Simpson Medal for his effort against the VFL's star forward Doug Wade. In 1966, at the Hobart Carnival, Sarre again performed well and was selected in the All-Australian team.

</doc>
<doc id="19129118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129118" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1981 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1981 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1981. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1981. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19129149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129149" title="Marie Theres Fögen">
Marie Theres Fögen

Marie Theres Fögen (b. October 10, 1946, Lüdinghausen, West Germany; d. January 18, 2008, Zürich, Switzerland) was a German jurist and historian. She taught Law at the University of Zurich and Harvard University (as visiting Professor) and was Director of the Max Planck Institute for European History of Law in Frankfurt am Main.

</doc>
<doc id="19129161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129161" title="F55">
F55

F55 or F-55 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19129172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129172" title="Parasemia plantaginis">
Parasemia plantaginis

The Wood Tiger (Parasemia plantaginis) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. Several subspecies are found in the Holarctic ecozone south to Anatolia, Transcaucasus, northern Iran, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, China, Korea and Japan. One subspecies is endemic to North America.
The wingspan is 32–38 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Plantago", Hawkbit, Hawkweed and other low-growing plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19129184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129184" title="Antoine Bollo">
Antoine Bollo

Captain Antoine Bollo was a French privateer in the time of the Napoleonic Wars.
In February 1809 he received command of the "Furet", a 15-tonne privateer owned by Dominique from Gena.

</doc>
<doc id="19129204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129204" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1948–1950">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1948–1950

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1948 to 21 May 1950. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19129211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129211" title="Infant Jesus School Kollam">
Infant Jesus School Kollam

The Infant Jesus Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School is an educational institution affiliated to CISCE based in Kollam city in the south Indian state of Kerala. It was established in 1940 by the late Bishop Jerome M. Fernandez, the former Bishop of Kollam. The school is situated in Tangasseri, which was a stronghold of western culture with a historical background of ancient Portuguese, Dutch and English settlements. The school was founded primarily to cater to the education of the Anglo Indian Community, the then predominant community of the region.
It was started by the Anglo Indian community (people who stayed back when British left India) to educate their children. It was later opened to the public in and around Kollam.
History.
The Infant Jesus Anglo-Indian Boys School was started with the view of educating the Anglo-Indian Boys in the locality as the girls of the society was educated at the Mount Carmel Convent Anglo-Indian Girls High School in Tangasseri itself, ironically just opposite to IJHS. The Inauguration was done by His Excellency Bishop Jerome M Fernandez, by offering a Holy Mass at the nearby Infant Jesus Pro-Cathedral (elevated as Cathedral on December 3, 2005) on January 8, 1940. At first there were 15 students and 2 staff members, but now the school has around 3,500 students and 110 staff members. Mrs. Mary Netto was the first principal, the first two students to gain admission were Frankpet and Dentlin.
Principals.
The principles of the Infant Jesus school:-

</doc>
<doc id="19129212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129212" title="Kajang (disambiguation)">
Kajang (disambiguation)

Kajang is a town in the state of Selangor in Malaysia.
Kajang may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19129237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129237" title="St Saviours in the Meadows, Nottingham">
St Saviours in the Meadows, Nottingham

St Saviours in the Meadows is a parish church in the Church of England in The Meadows, Nottingham.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
The parish was formed out of that of St. Mary's Church, Nottingham. The foundation stone of the church building was laid by the Rt. Revd. John Jackson, Bishop of Lincoln on 28 September 1863. The nave of the church was opened for worship in 1864 and was designed by the local architect Richard Charles Sutton funded by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. It replaced a small mission chapel which had served the residents of the Meadows but became too small for the increasing population after the enclosure of the Meadows.
The chancel occupies the east end, with a vestry on the one side and the organ chamber on the other. The length of the nave is 74ft., and the width 24ft.; the aisles are each 74ft. long and 17ft. wide. The chancel is 30ft. deep by 24ft. wide. The height of the nave is 46ft. It was designed to accommodate seats for 750 people.
The amount of the contract was about £3,000 (£ as of ). The contractor was a local builder, John Barker, based in Arkwright-street, The Meadows.
The church is located on Arkwright Walk.

</doc>
<doc id="19129238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129238" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1980 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1980 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1980. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1980. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19129242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129242" title="Armenians in Israel">
Armenians in Israel

Armenians in Israel are Armenians living in Israel, some of whom hold Israeli citizenship. According to a 2006 study, 790 Armenians live in Jerusalem's Old City.
History.
The Armenian community has been resident in the Levant for centuries. The first recorded Armenian pilgrimage to the Holy Land was an Armenian delegation of priests in the early 4th century. The visit is alluded to in an Armenian translation of a Greek letter written by Patriarch Makarius of Jerusalem to his contemporary, St. Vertanes. The Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem was founded in 638. It is located in the Armenian Quarter, the smallest quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.
Elia Kahvedjian, a refugee of the Armenian genocide, was one of the leading photographers in Jerusalem at the beginning of the 20th century.
Many Armenians from Kutahia, a small village in Turkey, were known for their hand-painted ceramic wares and tiles. In 1919, several master craftsmen were brought to Jerusalem to renovate the tiles covering the facade of the Dome of the Rock. They remained in Jerusalem and developed the art of Armenian ceramics.
After the 1948 Arab–Israeli War and the establishment of the State of Israel, a number of Armenians residing in what had been the British Mandate of Palestine took up Israeli citizenship, whereas other Armenian residents of Old City of Jerusalem and the territory captured by Jordan took on the Jordanian nationality.. Two groups of Armenians emerged: Armenians with Israeli citizenship living within the borders of the state and Armenians with Jordanian nationality in Jerusalem's Armenian Quarter and the West Bank.
After the 1967 Six-Day War, the Armenian population, especially in East Jerusalem and the West Bank, experienced a decrease in its numbers because of emigration.
Religion.
Almost all Armenians in Israel are Armenian Orthodox, but a very small number are Armenian Catholics and Armenian Evangelicals. The Armenian Orthodox remain under the jurisdiction of the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem and the residing Patriarch under the auspices of Armenian Apostolic Church (See of Holy Echmiadzin), whereas the Armenian Catholics are under the jurisdiction of the Armenian Catholic Church and Patriarchal Vicar (residing at Via Dolorosa 41 - Fourth Station).
The Churches belonging to the Armenian Apostolic Church are St. Elias Church in Haifa and Saint Nicholas Church in Jaffa. Religious Armenian-Israelis also pray on special occasions in St. James Cathedral (Sourp Hagopyants) at the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem, at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem (under joint jurisdiction of Armenian Church with other Christian churches) and the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem (again under joint jurisdiction of the Armenian Church and other Christian churches). The Armenian Church also has the St. George Monastery in Ramleh. Armenians in Israel and the West Bank celebrate Christmas and the Epiphany on the same day, which is January 18, while Armenian Orthodox communities in Armenia and worldwide celebrate on January 6. This is because the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem still abides by the ancient Julian calendar, whereas the Armenian Apostolic Church has adopted the newer Gregorian calendar. Armenian Catholics in Israel celebrate Christmas on December 25, in line with all other Catholics of the Roman Catholic Church.
Language and culture.
The Institute of African and Asian Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem established a chair of Armenian Studies program, specializing in study of Armenian language, literature, history and culture as well as the Armenian Genocide. There are a few Russian-speaking Jews from Armenia in Israel, but they are classified within the former USSR Aliyah so no precise statistics are available prior to 1991 when Armenia restored its independence from the USSR.
Armenia–Israel relations.
The Republic of Armenia maintains diplomatic relations with Israel. According to the CIA World Factbook, Armenia receives 4.8% of its imports from Israel, while Israel receives 7.1% of Armenia's exports.Although both countries have diplomatic relations, neither maintains an embassy in the other country. Instead, Ambassador Ehud Moshe Eytam, the Israeli ambassador to Armenia is based in Tbilisi, Georgia, and visits Yerevan twice a month, while the Armenian ambassador to Israel stays in France. The Armenian government has a consulate in Jerusalem. Consul Tsolak Momjian is the Armenian Honorary Consul.
Since Armenia's independence, Israeli politicians, rabbis, and the country's Armenian community have called on Israel government to recognize the Armenian genocide. At the same time, Turkey has threatened to break off ties with Israel if Israel or the United States recognizes the killings as genocide. As of 2008, there has been an ongoing debate regarding recognition in the Knesset with Turkey lobbying hard to prevent it. According to The Jerusalem Post, many Israelis support recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="19129274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129274" title="Robert Grimley">
Robert Grimley

The Very Rev Robert William Grimley MA(Oxon), HonDLitt (UWE) was Dean of Bristol from 1997 to 2009. He was born on 26 September 1943 and educated at Derby School and Wadham College, Oxford.
Ordained in 1969 his first posts were as a Curate at "St John, Radlett" and then "St Mary's Church Moseley, Moseley", after which he was Vicar of St. George's Church, Edgbaston until his appointment to the Deanery.

</doc>
<doc id="19129292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129292" title="Nudaria mundana">
Nudaria mundana

The Muslin Footman "(Nudaria mundana)" is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe and Anatolia.
The wingspan is 19–23 mm. The length of the forewings 10–12 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Lichen and other mosses.

</doc>
<doc id="19129340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129340" title="Miltochrista miniata">
Miltochrista miniata

The Rosy Footman (Miltochrista miniata) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the temperate parts of the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 23–27 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on Lichen.

</doc>
<doc id="19129346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129346" title="2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Men's scratch">
2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Men's scratch

The Men's Scratch was one of the 9 men's events at the 2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, held in Bordeaux, France.
24 cyclists from 24 countries participated in the contest. Because of the number of entries, there were no qualification rounds for this discipline. Consequently, the event was run direct to the final.
Final.
The Final and only race was run at 15:45 on April 15. The competition consisted of 60 laps, making a total of 15 km.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19129362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129362" title="Karan (actor)">
Karan (actor)

Karan is an Indian actor. He started his career as child actor under the name "Master Raghu" for more than 20 films in Malayalam. "Ina" and "Kuyiline Thedi" were huge hits. After a few years he made his debut as an adult in "Nammavar" starring opposite Kamal Hassan. Then he was a part of many films, especially starring Ajith Kumar and Vijay. In the year 2006, Karan became a solo hero with "Kokki" and continued with films like "Karuppusamy Kuththagaithaarar" and "Kathavarayan". His forthcoming films are "Kantha" and "Sooran".
Other work.
Karan made his advertisement debut in a 45-second Mahindra Duro scooty advertisement with Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor.

</doc>
<doc id="19129450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129450" title="Tosa Electric Railway Ino Line">
Tosa Electric Railway Ino Line

The is a tram line serving the island of Shikoku, Japan, in the city of Kōchi, Kōchi Prefecture. This tram line is part of the Tosa Electric Railway network. Most tramcars directly continue to Gomen Line.

</doc>
<doc id="19129460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129460" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1950–1952">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1950–1952

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1950 to 21 May 1952. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 
Several of the provinces were renamed at the election. The "Electoral Districts Act 1947" had obviated the need for Parliament to redistribute seats itself, instead appointing three Electoral Commissioners who were to review the boundaries according to certain defined criteria. The redistribution was gazetted on 21 December 1948, but did not come into effect until 22 May 1950.
The changes of names were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19129466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129466" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1982 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1982 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1982. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1982. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19129548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129548" title="Keith Doncon">
Keith Doncon

Keith Doncon is a former Australian rules footballer who played for East Perth in the WANFL during the 1960s.
Doncon first played with East Perth in 1963 but returned to his country home the following season due to homesickness. He made his way back to the club in 1965 and had a good career before injuries received in a farm accident forced into premature retirement at the age of just 25.
A rover, he averaged nearly two goals a game as he was handy around goals when he rested in the forward pockets. He made six interstate appearances and kicked 13 goals for Western Australia, forming a combination in the ruck with Barry Cable and Bill Walker. His performances at the 1966 Hobart Carnival saw him selected in the All-Australian team. 
He was named as a forward in East Perth's official 'Team of the Century 1945 to 2005'.

</doc>
<doc id="19129584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129584" title="Lithosia quadra">
Lithosia quadra

The Four-spotted Footman, Lithosia quadra, is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Southern and Central Europe up to the Amur River. It is also found in the South of Great Britain and Scandinavia.
The wingspan is 35–55 mm, the males are smaller than the females. There is strong sexual dimorphism in the imago, the males have gray wings with a yellow wingjoint and a blue-black stripe at the front of the outer rim of the forewing. The females have yellow wings with two blue-black dots.
It is the biggest species of the subfamily Lithosiinae. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on lichen and algae growing on trees, especially oak.

</doc>
<doc id="19129596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129596" title="Greater Akialoa">
Greater Akialoa

The Greater Akialoa ("Hemignathus ellisianus") was a large bird growing up to long. Its bill took up to a third of the body length. The species had three forms, confined to Lanai, Oahu and Kauai respectively. It did not include the much smaller Hawaii Akialoa, which was considered a full species. The Lanai and Oahu forms are extinct, while there is a remote possibility that the Kauai form survives.

</doc>
<doc id="19129603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129603" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1981 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1981 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1981. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1981. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19129636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129636" title="Oldenburg S 5">
Oldenburg S 5

The Oldenburg Class S 5 steam engine was a German locomotive built for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways ("Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Staatseisenbahnen") between 1909 and 1913. It was based on the Prussian S 5.2 and, like its predecessor, the Class S 3, it was procured for the route between Wilhelmshaven, Oldenburg and Bremen.
Eleven engines were manufactured by Hanomag between 1909 and 1913. They differed in several technical points from their Prussian cousins, for example they had a Lentz valve gear. Even the running plate was higher than the Prussian S 5.2 so that wheel arches could be omitted. They had Ranafier starting equipment. 
The locomotives were given the names of German divinities. The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over all eleven engines, classifying them as DRG Class 13.18 and allocating them numbers 13 1851 to 13 1861. They were retired by 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19129657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129657" title="James Andrew Seddon">
James Andrew Seddon

James Andrew Seddon (7 May 1868 – 31 May 1939) was a British trades unionist and politician. Originally a member of the Labour Party, he subsequently moved to the National Democratic and Labour Party.
Seddon was born in Prescot, Lancashire in 1868. Having served an apprenticeship as a grocer, he spent ten years working as a commercial traveller. He subsequently became the delegate of the St Helens branch of the National Amalgamated Union of Shop Assistants, Warehousemen and Clerks. He was elected as vice-president and then president of the union in 1901 and 1902.
In 1906 he was elected Labour MP for Newton, Lancashire. He held the seat at the subsequent general election in January, 1910, but was defeated by 144 votes in the December 1910 poll. Seddon continued his work with the union movement, was reselected as Labour candidate for Newton and elected a member of the parliamentary committee of the Trades Union Congress in 1911. In 1915 he was elected President of the TUC.
In 1915 Seddon became a founding member of the Socialist National Defence Committee. The SNDC was short-lived, becoming part of the British Workers League in 1916. In 1917 he resigned from the Labour Party, citing a "change of view" caused by the First World War.
In late spring 1918 the British Worker's League resolved to become a parliamentary party. The National Democratic and Labour Party (British Workers League) or NDP was duly formed as a "patriotic working-class party".
At the 1918 general election Seddon successfully contested the Hanley constituency for the NDP, becoming one of the new party's nine MPs. He had the support of the coalition government, and therefore did not face opposition from either the Conservative or Liberal Parties. He was vice-chairman of the party in the Commons from 1918, before becoming chairman in 1920. He became a member of the Industrial Peace Union of the British Empire formed after the General Strike of 1926.
J. A. Seddon died of a heart attack at his home in New Barnet, Middlesex on 31 May 1939, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19129716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129716" title="Inspection time">
Inspection time

Inspection time refers to the exposure duration required for a human subject to reliably identify a simple stimulus. Typically a stimulus made up of two parallel lines differing in length and joined at the tops by a cross bar is presented (similar to the Greek letter Pi). The ability to quickly detect the identity of a stimulus is moderately heritable and correlates with the subject's IQ.
Overview.
If asked which of the two lines in the figure below is longer; the left or the right, almost all non-visually impaired subjects can answer correctly 100% of the time. If, however, the stimulus is backward masked after a short period of time, the proportion of correct responses declines as the exposure duration reduces, and reliable individual differences emerge in the percent identified correctly at different intervals.
The task itself was proposed by Doug Vickers as a measure the rate of accumulation of information. Ted Nettelbeck, Chris Brand and others demonstrated it related quite strongly to psychometric intelligence, especially across the lower part of the IQ range 
suggesting that differences in intelligence may reflect, in part, differences in the rate of information processing - a theory proposed by Arthur Jensen.
One version of the inspection time stimuli is shown below (1) with the stimulus (short left given as an example), which is replaced by a mask (2). (3) indicates the opportunity for the subject to report which stimulus they saw at their leisure.
Genetics.
Inspection time is moderately heritable. This work on the heritability of IT from Nick Martin's group also demonstrated, however, that perceptual speed does not have a causal role in intelligence, but rather that IQ and IT are distinct reflections of some shared biological processes.

</doc>
<doc id="19129727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129727" title="Haploa clymene">
Haploa clymene

The Clymene Moth "(Haploa clymene)" is a moth of the Tiger Moth family - Arctiidae, subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in the East of North America.
Description.
The fore wing is creamy-yellow with a partial brown-black border that extends inward from the inner margin near anal angle. The hind wing is yellow-orange with 1-2 brown-black spots. The wingspan is 40–55 mm.
Life cycle.
The spiny larva is brownish-black with a yellow middorsal stripe. The larvae overwinter and mature in the spring and early summer. The larvae feed on Eupatorium, Oak, Peach and Willow. The Clymene Moth has 1 brood per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19129762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129762" title="Onolatry">
Onolatry

Onolatry is worship of the donkey: old Oriental and African worship attributed also to the Jewish people who travelled in the desert.
During the Imperial Rome, the charge of onolatry was used by the pagans to taunt the first Christians and Jews. A famous example of this is the Alexamenos graffito.

</doc>
<doc id="19129790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129790" title="Multilateral trading facility">
Multilateral trading facility

A multilateral trading facility (MTF) is a European regulatory term for a non-exchange financial trading venue. These are alternatives to the traditional stock exchanges where a market is made in securities and are typically based around electronic systems. The concept was introduced within the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID), a European financial law, and describes a trading venue that brings together buyers and sellers in a non-discretionary way, according to a defined set of rules resulting in trades. The United States equivalent is an alternative trading system.
Origin.
Before the introduction of MiFID trading in stocks and shares was typically centred on large national stock exchanges, such as London Stock Exchange (LSE), Deutsche Börse and Euronext. The rules for operating exchanges varied from country to country, with some exchanges granted exclusivity over certain services for that country's market. As a result, European share trading tended to be conducted on one specific venue, such as the Euronext Paris market for French securities or the LSE for United Kingdom securities.
MiFID classified three types of trading venue:
Permission to run any of the three types of service was required from an appropriate regulator, with the existing exchanges registering as regulated markets.
Difference between MTFs and exchanges.
MTFs have been described as a form of "exchange lite" because they provide similar or competing trading services and have similar structures, such as rulebooks and market surveillance departments.
Market operators also act as an arbiter for securities. Companies that wish to list upon an exchange undergo a "listing process" and pay fees; this allows the operator to ensure that only appropriate securities are available for trading. This may involve requirements about the number of shares that are available, standards around how the accounts of the company are maintained or strict rules about how news is released to the market.
Whether or not a security has been "admitted to trading on a regulated market" is a key concept within MiFID, and is fundamental in how the rules apply to trading in the security. MTFs do not have a listing process and can not change the regulatory status of a security.
Rules for operating an MTF.
MiFID lays out a number of obligations for an MTF to operate:
Impact of MTFs.
New entrant MTFs have had a considerable impact on European share-trading. MiFID enabled trading venues to compete with one another. The legacy exchanges largely chose to keep to their existing business models and scope, but new entrant MTFs have made a significant impact. Chi-X Europe, the largest MTF by volume, is also the largest trading venue in Europe according to some statistics.
MTFs have been launched in other asset classes as well, one of the examples is LMAX Exchange an FCA regulated MTF for trading spot FX and precious metals. 
This is part of a process known as "fragmentation", where liquidity for one security is no-longer concentrated on one exchange but across multiple venues. This in turn forced traders to make use of more sophisticated trading strategies such as "smart order routing".
Impact on fees.
The new MTFs were notable for:
These all made the new venues highly attractive and to take market share. In turn, existing venues were forced to discount heavily, significantly impacting revenues.
Limited individual success.
Although they have forced significant adjustments within the equity trading markets, the MTFs themselves have had limited success. Chi-X Europe claims to be profitable, however Nasdaq OMX Europe was shut down in 2010 and Turquoise was bought by the LSE.
Many consider the MTF business model unsustainable, although Alisdair Haynes, the Chi-X Europe CEO, said "We are not going to raise prices, though most people expect we have to".
Investment bank MTFs.
Most investment banks run an internal crossing system. These systems cross clients' orders against one another, or fill the orders directly off the bank's book.
Nomura has converted its internal crossing system, NX, into an MTF. Nomura said its decision was for "commercial purposes". UBS has established UBS MTF, this works in conjunction with its crossing system, UBS PIN. Goldman Sachs has also announced that it will launch an MTF.
The exact regulatory status of broker crossing systems is a matter of debate and controversy. It is expected to be an area of future regulatory intervention.

</doc>
<doc id="19129795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129795" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1980 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1980 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting albums on the Australian Album Charts, for the year of 1980. These were the best charting albums in Australia for 1980. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 albums for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1970-1992"

</doc>
<doc id="19129823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129823" title="Jeffrei Chan">
Jeffrei Chan

Jeffrei Allan "Jeff" D. Chan (born February 11, 1983 in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental, Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Player profile.
Chan was born and raised in Bacolod City. He started playing basketball for the University of St. La Salle (USLS) in grade school where he competed in various tournaments and earned numerous titles for the school. He was also an erstwhile member of a champion team in the ADIDAS Streetball Challenge in Western Visayas. During his high school years in the USLS, he played in numerous leagues in Bacolod City and was also chosen to be one of the players for Western Visayas to play in the Palarong Pambansa. He then got many playing offers from different schools in Metro Manila where he chose to join the San Beda College training camp. But even before school started, he decided to return to play one last year with the USLS. He then moved to Far Eastern University to play for the Tamaraws where he averaged 18.6 points, 4.8 rebounds, and 3.0 assists per game during his senior year.
Upon graduation, Chan was drafted 17th overall by Red Bull in the 2008 PBA Draft. After the departure of Cyrus Baguio from the Barako Bull Energy Boosters, Chan became one of the go-to-guys of the team until 2009, when he was traded to the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters.
Statistics.
"Correct as of December 8, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="19129844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129844" title="Nick Morris (basketball)">
Nick Morris (basketball)

Nicholas ("Nick") Hugh Morris, OAM (born 16 August 1971) is an Australian wheelchair basketball player. He was born in the Victorian town of Wangaratta. He was a member of the Australian team that won gold at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, for which he received a Medal of the Order of Australia. He was also a member of the Australian wheelchair basketball squad at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Morris was injured in a motorcycle accident at age 16 and credits his involvement in sport as the key to his rehabilitation.
Morris received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000 for his many years service to the Paralympic movement as a Basketball athlete.
In his professional capacity, Morris sat on the Australian Standards Committee for Access provisions (AS1428) and is a director of Morris Goding Accessibility Consulting. In 1999 he established accessibility.com.au, a web site dedicated to providing information about accessible venues, facilities, services, transport and news.
In 2006 Morris co-invented the Vulcan Wheel, ergonomically designed one-piece extruded aluminium wheelchair wheel for use in general travel and sport. The invention was featured on the ABC New Inventors program.
Currently Morris is a member of the International Paralympic Committee and consults for BOCOG.

</doc>
<doc id="19129850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129850" title="Euplagia quadripunctaria">
Euplagia quadripunctaria

The Jersey Tiger, Euplagia quadripunctaria, is a day-flying moth of the family Arctiidae. The adult wingspan is , and they fly from July to September, depending on the location. They tend to fly close to "Eupatorium cannabinum", where they are hard to notice because of their camouflage.
The larvae (caterpillars) are polyphagous, feeding from September to May on nettles ("Urtica") and raspberries("Rubus"), dandelion ("Taraxacum"), white deadnettle ("Lamium"), ground ivy ("Glechoma"), groundsel ("Senecio"), plantain ("Plantago"), borage ("Borago"), lettuce ("Lactuca"), and hemp-agrimony ("Eupratoria"). The insect overwinters as a small larva.
Large groups of adults of subspecies "E. q. rhodosensis" can be found on occasion aestivating (sheltering from the summer heat) in Petaloudes, on Rhodes, in a place that has become known as the 'Valley of the Butterflies'.
Distribution.
"Euplagia quadripunctaria" is widely distributed in Europe from Estonia and Latvia in the north to the Mediterranean coast and islands in the south. It is also found in West Russia, South Urals, Asia Minor, Rhodes and nearby islands, the Near East, Caucasus, South Turkmenistan, and Iran (Dubatolov, 2010). Individuals are known to migrate northwards from their regular breeding grounds during the summer.
British Isles.
Aside from being frequent in the Channel Islands (whence its common name), this species was rarely seen in the British Isles in Victorian times. It was described by Kirby as, "a great rarity in the South of England, except one locality in Devonshire." Since then however it has spread more widely in Devon and Cornwall, and has recently been seen more frequently in southern England, especially in the Isle of Wight, northern Kent, and south London. They have been seen regularly and in numbers every year in London since 2004, so it is probable that they have established a breeding colony.

</doc>
<doc id="19129866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129866" title="Antoinette Fouque">
Antoinette Fouque

Antoinette Fouque (née Grugnardi; October 1, 1936 – February 20, 2014) was a psychoanalyst who was involved in the French women's liberation movement. She was the leader of one of the groups that originally formed the French Women's Lib (MLF), and she later registered the trademark MLF specifically under her name. Her position in feminist theory is primarily essentialist, and heavily based in psychoanalysis.
Biography.
Fouque was born in a poor neighbourhood of Marseille to Alexis Grugnardi, a Corsican syndicalist. Early in life, Fouque listened to the speeches of communist leader Maurice Thorez. She became a teacher, married René Fouque, and developed an interest in Latin culture and Italian literature. Both Fouque and her husband participated in the literary journal "Cahiers du Sud". Between 1965 and 1969, she read Italian manuscripts for Éditions du Seuil. Fouque read Lacan before reading Freud.
With the French writer and feminist Monique Wittig, Josiane Chanel and many others, Fouque was active since 1968 in one of the early women's groups which gathered together in 1970 to form the French Mouvement de Libération des Femmes (MLF), a movement consisting of multiple groups throughout France without any formal leadership. Fouque herself denied being feminist, and rejected Simone de Beauvoir's existentialism in favour of structuralism and libertarian Marxism. Her group was called "Psychanalyse et Politique". Because of divergent views of feminism, conflicts developed between Fouque and Wittig, as the latter explains in a 1979 interview about the origins of the French Women's Lib. 
In 1974, she helped found the publishing body Éditions Des femmes, funded by Sylvina Boissonnas "an heiress of the Schlumberger family", which printed works for the feminist movement. 
In October 1979, Antoinette Fouque registered the name MLF as the property of her group, creating a controversy still ongoing. French philosopher, writer and feminist Simone de Beauvoir wrote against this appropriation of the MLF by one group. 
She practiced as a psychoanalyst starting in 1971, but her credentials are not clearly established. According to Elisabeth Roudinesco, between 1969 and 1975, Fouque underwent psychoanalysis with Jacques Lacan; she said that this helped her "not to yield to the feminist illusion. He made me avoid the idea that a woman can only be a failed man. He allowed me to criticize Sartre and Beauvoir." During that same period, Fouque also underwent psychoanalysis with Luce Irigaray. In 1974, Fouque met Serge Leclaire and discussed undergoing analysis with him, but the analysis did not take place. Leclaire became a friend of Fouque, and worked with her group "Psychanalyse et Politique". Between 1978 and 1982, Fouque underwent psychoanalysis with Bela Grunberger. Fouque stated that she found Grunberger misogynistic.
Fouque was decorated with the Legion of Honour, and was awarded a doctorate in political science University of Paris VIII. She has appeared on French television.

</doc>
<doc id="19129872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129872" title="Carl Braun">
Carl Braun

Carl Braun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19129908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129908" title="Manulea complana">
Manulea complana

The Scarce Footman ("Manulea complana") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found throughout the Palearctic Region.
The wingspan is 28–35 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Lichen and mosses, but also leaves of low growing plants on occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="19129909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129909" title="Jensen box">
Jensen box

The Jensen box was developed by University of California, Berkeley psychologist Arthur Jensen as a standard apparatus for measuring choice reaction time, especially in relationship to differences in intelligence.
Since Jensen created this approach, correlations between simple and choice reaction time have been demonstrated in many hundreds of studies. Perhaps the best was reported by Ian Deary and colleagues, in a population-based cohort study of 900 individuals, demonstrating correlations between IQ and simple choice reaction time of –0.3 and –0.5 respectively, and of –0.26 with the degree of variation between trials shown by an individual. The Jensen box was also used on the Odd Man Out test.
The standard box is around 20 inches wide and 12 deep, with a sloping face on which 8 buttons are arrayed in a semicircle, with a 'home' key in the lower center. Above each response button lies a small LED which can be illuminated, and the box contains a loudspeaker to play alerting sounds.
Following Hick's law,
reaction times (RTs) slow as a log2 of the number of choices are presented. Thus when all but one button is covered responses are fastest, and slowest when all 8 responses are available. 
Several parameters can be extracted: The mean 1-choice RT gives simple reaction time. The slope of the function across 1, 2, 4, and 8 lights gives the rate of information processing, and variance or standard deviation in RTs can be extracted to give a measure of response variability within subjects.
Finally, the time to lift off the home button and the time to hit the response button can be measured separately, and these are typically thought of as assessing decision time, and movement time, though in the standard paradigm, subjects can shift decision time into the movement phase by lifting off the home button while the location computation is still incomplete. Masking the stimulus light can eliminate this artifact.
Simple reaction time correlates around .4 with general ability, and there is some evidence that the slope of responding does also, so long as access to the stimulus is controlled.

</doc>
<doc id="19129926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129926" title="Iriake Station">
Iriake Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19129928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129928" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1959 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1959 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1959. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1959. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19129941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129941" title="Engyōjiguchi Station">
Engyōjiguchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
 

</doc>
<doc id="19129957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129957" title="Samantabhadrī (tutelary)">
Samantabhadrī (tutelary)

Samantabhadri (Sanskrit; Devanagari: समन्तभद्री ; IAST: samantabhadrī, ) is a dakini and female Buddha from the Vajrayana Buddhist tradition. She is the consort and female counterpart of Samantabhadra, known amongst some Tibetan Buddhists as the 'Primordial Buddha'. Samantabhadri herself is known as the 'primordial Mother Buddha'. Samantabhadri is the dharmakaya dakini aspect of the Trikaya, or three bodies of a Buddha. As such, Samantabhadri represents the aspect of Buddhahood in whom delusion and conceptual thought have never arisen. As font or wellspring of the aspects of the divine feminine she may be understood as the 'Great Mother'. Seen differently, Samantabhadri is an aspect of Prajnaparamita.
Samantabhadri is a figure found primarily in the Nyingma or 'Old Translation' school of Tibetan Buddhism. A figure that is nearly equivalent to Samantabhadri in the 'New Translation' or Sarma schools is Vajradhatu-ishvari; she is dark blue and her consort is Vajradhara.
Samantabhadri is the expression of a concept essentially inexpressible in word or symbol, the ultimate voidness nature of mind. This aspect of the dakini is beyond gender, form or expression. According to Simmer Brown the power of the dakini in all her forms is based on the fact that all meditation practices ultimately point to the Samantabhadri dakini. In her iconography, Samantabhadri is white, the primary symbol of the wisdom aspect of mind - in contrast to her consort who is sky blue, representing limitlessness and formlessness. Like her consort she appears 'naked' (Sanskrit: digambara) and unadorned, representing the essential nature of mind. Samantabhadri is usually shown in yab-yum union with her consort but she is sometimes shown alone, seated in 'lotus posture' (also known as mahamudra) with her hands in meditation posture in her lap.
Yeshe Tsogyal was known as an emanation of Samantabhadri, according to Judith Simmer-Brown in her subtlest form Yeshe Tsogyal was known as "expanse of mahāsukha Küntusangmo [Samantabhadrī], the all-good queen".
Literature.
One of the Nineteen Tantras which is the Seventeen Tantras of Dzogchen Upadeshavarga with additions is entitled 'Samantabhadri's Tantra of the Blazing Sun of the Brilliant Expanse' ().

</doc>
<doc id="19129961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129961" title="Arthur Price (bishop)">
Arthur Price (bishop)

Arthur Price (1678-9 – 1752) was Church of Ireland Archbishop of Cashel from 1744 until his death. Previously he had been Church of Ireland Bishop of Clonfert (1724–1730), Ferns and Leighlin (1730–1734) and Meath (1734–1744).
Childhood and patronage.
Arthur was the son of Samuel Price, vicar of Kildrought and Straffan in the diocese of Dublin and, from 1672, prebendary of Kildare. Arthur Price entered Trinity College Dublin, on 2 April 1696, aged seventeen, and was elected a scholar in 1698. He graduated BA in 1700 and DD on 16 April 1724.
After taking holy orders he was successively curate of St Werburgh's Church, Dublin, and vicar of Celbridge, Feighcullen, and Ballybraine. His father's friendship with William "Speaker" Conolly (1662–1729) placed him in the way of the political patronage vital for advancement in the established church at the time.
Arthur became William Conolly's chaplain and was named prebendary of Donadea on 4 April 1705. Arthur was appointed canon and archdeacon of Kildare on 19 June 1715. A few months later Conolly was elected as speaker of the Irish House of Commons, confirming his position as chief undertaker now that the Whigs had returned to power in London. This was crucial for Price's future success. In 1719 he became Dean of Lismore; and on 31 March 1721 Ferns. Two years later he received the benefice of Louth in Armagh.
He granted leases of some of the most valuable holdings to Price. In 1724 when Price was Dean of Ferns, but on his way to further promotions, had a fine stone house erected close by the old house of his father in Oakley Park in the recently renamed Celbridge.
At the time of Conolly's ascendancy, as his speakership coincided with the Lord Lieutenancy of Charles Fitzroy, Duke of Grafton, Price was appointed to the see of Clonfert on 1 May 1724, a promotion that was described as "highly provocative" by the Irish chancellor, Alan Brodrick (1st Viscount Midleton), a former friend of Conolly's who resented Conolly's emergence as chief manager or 'undertaker' of the government's parliamentary business.
Guinness connection.
Price took over the Kildrought town brewery in 1722 and placed his land steward Richard Guinness in charge of production of "a brew of a very palatable nature". After his death in 1752, Dr Price's estate bequeathed £100 to Richard's son, the 27-year-old Arthur Guinness to help him expand the brewery, first in 1755 on a new site in Leixlip and from 1759 in St James's Gate in Dublin. Some of the blocked up doors from the original Price-Guinness brewery can still be seen on the perimeter walls of the Catholic Church forecourt in Celbridge.
Four times a bishop.
After Conolly's death in 1729 Price was translated from Clonfert on 26 May 1730, to the see of Ferns and Leighlin, where he had served as dean. On 2 February 1734 he was transferred to Meath, "on account of his loyalty to George II and his service to the House of Lords."
While bishop of Meath he began to build an Episcopal residence at Ardbraccan to the design of Richard Castle but he left the diocese before it was completed, and the house remained unfinished for 40 years with the Bishops living in one of the wings. Eventually it was completed in the 1770s by Bishop Henry Maxwell.
Archbishopric and death.
In May 1744 Dr Price succeeded Theophilus Bolton as archbishop of Cashel. He over-ruled plans already in train to restore the old cathedral, claiming that it was incapable of being re-roofed despite advice to the contrary. Using political contacts in the Irish Privy Council on 10 July 1749 he got permission to build a new cathedral. In 1783 a new cathedral building was completed on the site of St John's. In the meantime, what remained of the Rock of Cashel after Price had ordered its gutting and de-roofing, has become a primary tourist destination. Price's decision to remove the roof on what had been the jewel among Irish church buildings was criticised before and since.
In 1747 he was made vice-chancellor of Trinity College Dublin.
Price died in 1752 and was buried beneath the aisle of St Mary's church, Leixlip, County Kildare.

</doc>
<doc id="19129963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129963" title="Riverton Prize">
Riverton Prize

The Riverton Prize () is a literature award given annually to the best Norwegian crime story (novel, short story, play, original screenplay).
The prize is named after the Norwegian journalist and author Sven Elvestad (1884-1934) who published detective stories under the pen name "Stein Riverton". 

</doc>
<doc id="19129964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129964" title="Katha depressa">
Katha depressa

The Buff Footman ("Katha depressa" or "Katha deplana") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found from western Europe through Asia to Japan.
The length of the forewings is 15–17 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Lichen and Algae, especially on Pinophyta, but also on Oak and "Calluna".

</doc>
<doc id="19129967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129967" title="Brandywell, Isle of Man">
Brandywell, Isle of Man

Brandywell () is situated between the 31st Milestone and 32nd Milestone road-side marker on the Snaefell Mountain Course on the primary A18 Mountain Road and the road junction with the secondary B10 Sartfield Road in the parish of Lezayre in the Isle of Man.
Brandywell Corner was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races held in the Isle of Man between 1904 and 1922. The Brandywell Corner is part of the Snaefell Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT and from 1923 for the Manx Grand Prix Races.
The area is dominated by the nearby Snaefell Mountain with an elevation of 621m (2036 feet) above sea level and the nearby summits of Beinn-y-Phott (544m), Mullagh Ouyr (491m) and Carraghan (500m). The name originates from a nearby water-well that was used by local shepherds to brand and sort flocks of mountain sheep. The area has a stone shelter and an Isle of Man Department of Transport Weather Station. 
The Brandywell Corner was subject to road widening with the removal of the Beinn-y-Phott sheep-gate on the A18 Mountain Road for the 1935 Isle of Man TT Races. 

</doc>
<doc id="19129970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129970" title="Asahi Station (Kōchi)">
Asahi Station (Kōchi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19129991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129991" title="Collita griseola">
Collita griseola

The Dingy Footman ("Collita griseola") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe and North and South-East Asia.
The wingspan is 32–40 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on lichen.
In Britain it showed a spectacular increase in abundance during the period 1968 to 2007, like a number of moth species with caterpillars that feed on lichens and algae. In Britain it was originally limited to southern fens and marshy areas, but has since spread northwards and now occupy a variety of habitats, including gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="19129997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129997" title="Lenhovda">
Lenhovda

Lenhovda is a locality situated in Uppvidinge Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden with 1,744 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19129998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19129998" title="Kōchi-Shōgyō-Mae Station">
Kōchi-Shōgyō-Mae Station

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
 

</doc>
<doc id="19130020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130020" title="Asakura Station (JR Shikoku)">
Asakura Station (JR Shikoku)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130023" title="Wittia sororcula">
Wittia sororcula

The Orange Footman ("Wittia sororcula") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe, Anatolia, South Siberia, East Asia from the Amur basin to China.
The wingspan is 27–30 mm. The moth flies from April to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Lichen.

</doc>
<doc id="19130029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130029" title="Arthur Perowne">
Arthur Perowne

Arthur William Thomson Perowne (13 June 1867 – 9 April 1948) was an Anglican bishop in Britain. He was the first Bishop of Bradford and, from 1931, was the Bishop of Worcester.
Biography.
Arthur Perowne was born into a distinguished ecclesiastical family: his father was John James Stewart Perowne, sometime Bishop of Worcester. He was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College and King's College, Cambridge.
Ordained in 1894, he began his ministry as a curate at Hartlebury after which he was Vicar of St Philip and St James Hallow, Rural Dean of Edgbaston, Prebendary of Exeter and finally (before his ordination to the episcopate) Archdeacon of Plymouth.
Initially the first Bishop of Bradford (1920-1931), he was translated to Worcester in 1931.
In 1895 he married Helena Frances Oldnall-Russell (1869-1922). They had three sons: Francis Edward Perowne (1898-1988), Stewart Perowne, a diplomat, archaeologist and historian, and Leslie Arthur Perowne (1906-1997), sometime Head of Music at the BBC who was responsible for bringing Albert Ketèlbey out of retirement to conduct a huge BBC Ketèlbey Concert at the Royal Albert Hall prior to World War II. 
A keen fisherman, in retirement Arthur Perowne lived in Gloucester with his second wife, Mabel (1886-1968), the second daughter of Thomas Henry Bailey of Wyldcroft in Wokingham, whom he had married in 1926. 

</doc>
<doc id="19130038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130038" title="Hoburgen">
Hoburgen

Hoburgen is a peninsula on the southern tip of Gotland, Sweden. Burgsvik is located in its northern half.

</doc>
<doc id="19130045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130045" title="Eilema uniola">
Eilema uniola

Eilema uniola is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Spain, Portugal, France and Italy.
The larvae feed on Lichen.

</doc>
<doc id="19130049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130049" title="Edagawa Station">
Edagawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19130050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130050" title="Holy Trinity Church, Lenton">
Holy Trinity Church, Lenton

Holy Trinity Church, Lenton is a parish church in the Church of England.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest. 
History.
Holy Trinity was designed by the architect Henry Isaac Stevens and opened in 1842. It was consecrated on 6 October 1842 by the Lord Bishop of Lincoln (the Right Reverend John Jackson D.D.).
The architectural style is early English. Built in stone with a high pitched roof, it consists of a nave with clerestory, aisles to north and south, a chancel, vestry, organ-chamber, and a west end pinnacled tower. 
Its dimensions are 123 feet long and 57 feet wide. When opened it had seating for 660 people.
Features.
Holy Trinity is famous for its twelfth century font which was originally built for Lenton Priory and was given to the church by Severus William Lynam Stretton in 1842.
Bells.
The tower has a set of eight bells. The church was originally only provided with one bell, but five more were added in 1856. In 1902, two more bells were added, given by the brothers Frederick Ball and Albert Ball. The latter was the father of the First War War ace Albert Ball.
Organ.
An organ was installed at the opening of the church in 1847, and was moved and enlarged by Charles Lloyd in 1870. A new organ by Brindley & Foster replaced this in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="19130056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130056" title="Strauzia longipennis">
Strauzia longipennis

Strauzia longipennis is a large species of tephritid fruit fly known by the common name sunflower maggot fly. It is a minor pest being a plant miner of sunflowers and related plants, damage within flower receptacle from larval feeding on spongy tissue is usually light.
Adults are about 6 mm long and a wing length of approximately 7 mm. (reasonably large for a Tephritid) The body is creamy-white and the wings have a mottled yellowish-brown appearance, with distinct F shaped marking near the wing tips. The larvae are yellowish-white in colour reaching a length of about 5 mm and spend around 30 days feeding within the host plant before overwintering in the soil as pupae. Adults are found from mid-July through to August.
There are two other species of Tephritid fly known as Sunflower Maggot, these are "Gymnocarena diffusa" which feeds on stem pith and "Neotephritis finalis" which feeds on the sunflower seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19130058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130058" title="Sisyrinchieae">
Sisyrinchieae

Sisyrinchieae is the second largest tribe in the Iridoideae subfamily. The group is included in the Iridaceae family. It contains many perennials which are wildly distributed around the both continents of the New World.
The leaves of the plants are sword-shaped or grass-like. The blooms are collected in inflorescence and contains six tepals. In the most cases They are identical but in some genera like "Diplarrena" or "Libertia" They are different. The ovary is 3-locular containing seeds which usually represents small grains.
The members are sometimes used as ornamental plants but not very often. Some of them are in danger and endemic to specific regions but many are even naturalized like some species of "Sisyrinchium" in different zones from the Old World and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19130083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130083" title="Ronehamn">
Ronehamn

Ronehamn is a village situated on the island Gotland, Sweden with 129 inhabitants in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19130087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130087" title="Eilema caniola">
Eilema caniola

The Hoary Footman "(Eilema caniola)" is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in North Africa, Western and Southern Europe and Eastern Europe up to South-Western Russia.
The wingspan is 28–35 mm. The moth flies from July to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Lichen growing on rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19130143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130143" title="Desk pad">
Desk pad

A desk pad or blotter is a table protector used when work such as painting or writing would otherwise damage the table or desk. Different desk pads have specific uses, for example Chinese calligraphy uses a black velour desk pad since Chinese calligraphy is written using an ink brush. Westerners use simpler writing pads with disposable paper surfaces that can be used for writing, note taking, and scribbling. Often these pads are pre-printed with calendar pages.
Typical sizes for desk pads are A3 (420 × 297 mm) and A2 (594 × 420 mm). Desk pads are very popular promotional products, usually branded with a logo, contact information and product or service information.
Desk pads are usually glued at the foot (bottom) of the pad to prevent the paper from curling. Many are glued to a grey backboard. They can contain from 10 to 100 sheets although 50 sheets is standard.

</doc>
<doc id="19130187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130187" title="Ino Station (JR Shikoku)">
Ino Station (JR Shikoku)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130198" title="Gary Potter">
Gary Potter

Gary Potter (born 6 August 1952, Chester) is a former English footballer who played as a defender. He played in The Football League for his hometown club, Chester City, during the 1970s.
A product of Chester's youth policy, Potter made his Chester first team debut in a Welsh Cup semi–final against Cardiff City in March 1973, with his league debut arriving against Hartlepool in the second game of 1973–74 while regulars Dave Pountney and Reg Matthewson were ruled out injured. Potter helped Chester win three successive games but defeats to Exeter City and Mansfield Town led to Chester breaking their transfer record to sign Chris Dunleavy. 
Potter had to wait until March 1974 for his next five league outings and he added just one league appearance during the club's promotion season of 1974–75 before leaving the club and professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="19130205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130205" title="Manulea palliatella">
Manulea palliatella

Manulea palliatella is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Southern, Central and Eastern Europe, Asia Minor, Iran, Afghanistan, Central Asia, Kazakhstan.
The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The moth flies in August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Trinia glauca" and "Aster linosyris".

</doc>
<doc id="19130207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130207" title="Hakawa Station">
Hakawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130242" title="St. Mary's Church, Wollaton Park">
St. Mary's Church, Wollaton Park

St. Mary's Church, Wollaton Park, is a parish church in the Church of England. It is located in Nottingham.
History.
St. Mary's Wollaton Park was designed by the architect Thomas Cecil Howitt and opened in 1939.
The churches were originally served by curates from Holy Trinity Church, Lenton, but in 1957 it became a parish church in its own right.
Features.
It contains a font which is modelled on the 12th century one from Lenton Priory now in Holy Trinity Church, Lenton.
Organ.
The organ was built by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd in 1938. The instrument has been erected in a divided position at the west end of the church, the detached console being placed at rear of the choir stalls on the south side of the chancel.

</doc>
<doc id="19130249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130249" title="Cannabis College">
Cannabis College

The Cannabis College is a non-profit information centre located in the centre of Amsterdam's historic Red Light District. Opened in 1998, the info centre features displays of the many and varied uses for Cannabis sativa and industrial hemp, as well as the history of human interaction with the plant. Everything from hemp building materials and plastics to medical Cannabis and worldwide legislation is covered.
The basement of the building hosts an organic flowering Cannabis garden, cultivated biologically by a North Korean expert and utilizing some of the most reliable strains and popular organic nutrients.
There is also a Cannabis College in Garberville, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19130260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130260" title="Omura-Jinja-Mae Station">
Omura-Jinja-Mae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130291" title="Kusaka Station">
Kusaka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130308" title="Canararctia rufescens">
Canararctia rufescens

Canararctia rufescens is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is endemic to La Gomera and Tenerife.
The wingspan is . The moth flies the whole year.
The larvae feed on various plants, including "Myrica faya", "Rumex lunaria", "Kleinia neriifolia", "Ricinus communis", "Nicotiana glauca" and "Sonchus congestus".

</doc>
<doc id="19130316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130316" title="Paul Price (footballer)">
Paul Price (footballer)

Paul Price (born 23 March 1954 St Albans, Hertfordshire) is a former professional footballer. He played for Welwyn Garden City, Luton Town, Tottenham Hotspur, Swansea City, Minnesota Strikers, Peterborough United, Saltash United and was an international for Wales. He played in the position of central defender.
Football career.
Price joined Luton Town from Welwyn Garden City in July 1971 and made 207 appearances for the club including one as substitute and scoring eight goals. In 1977 and 1978, Luton Town loaned Price to the Minnesota Kicks of the North American Soccer League. In June 1981 he transferred in a £250,000 deal to Spurs. He made his debut at Middlesbrough in August 1981. Price featured in both matches of the 1982 FA Cup Final. Making a total of 62 appearances in all competitions including four as sub and scoring one goal for the club. Price joined Swansea City in January 1985 and went on to make 62 League appearances for the club before joining the Minnesota Strikers of the NASL in 1984 for a free transfer. He returned to the UK to play a further 86 times at Peterborough United, before finishing his career at Saltash United.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
1982 FA Cup Final Winner
Wales international career.
Price made a total of 25 appearances for Wales and scored once.
Post-football career.
Price works in house renovation and property sales in Australia.
Management.
Price was appointed manager of the Western Australian Football League team Western Knights in 2009 He is currently (March 2011) coach of Sorrento FC of the Western Australian football league.

</doc>
<doc id="19130321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130321" title="Lickershamn">
Lickershamn

Lickershamn is a village in northwest Gotland, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19130324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130324" title="Exposed (Kiss)">
Exposed (Kiss)

Exposed is the name of the 1987 long form music video released by the American rock band Kiss. This was the band's second home video release. "Exposed" is based around an interview with the members of Kiss (almost exclusively Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley) and is interspersed with music videos and live concert clips from throughout the bands career, up until the album, Asylum.
A follow up was planned and almost 5 hours of footage was filmed during the first week of Hot in the Shade Tour, but it was for unknown reasons, shelved. The footage leaked to bootleg circuit and is called "eXposed II".
Sales.
RIAA certification (United States)
CRIA certification (Canada)

</doc>
<doc id="19130329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130329" title="St Matthew's Church, Sheffield">
St Matthew's Church, Sheffield

St Matthew's Church is situated on Carver Street in the centre of Sheffield. It is a Grade II listed building located at grid reference . The church is part of the Anglo-Catholic movement.
History.
The church was built in the middle of the 19th century for the newly established St Matthews parish which was created when the original Sheffield parish was subdivided into smaller parts in 1848. The first vicar J.F. Witty conducted the parish’s early services in a school on Carver Street. Within a few years sufficient funds had been raised to build a permanent place of worship. Land was purchased on Carver Street for £600 and the foundation stone for the church was laid on 1 June 1854 with the construction being carried out by Flockton & Son. The building was consecrated on 6 June 1855 by the Archbishop of York Thomas Musgrave. 
The church which has been described as "a neat building with a graceful spire" cost £3,297 to build, the main benefactor was the snuff maker Mr. Henry Wilson of Westbrook Mill who contributed £1,020, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners granted £200 and the Incorporated Church Building Society gave £250. The rest of the money was raised by Reverend Witty who was still asking for subscriptions for the last £200 in November 1856. In its early years the church had seating for 731 people which accommodated a large local congregation, the church being surrounded by a highly populated district of slum housing.
In 1882 George Campbell Ommanney became the third vicar of St Matthew’s, he remained at the church for 54 years until his death in 1936. Ommanney was known as the “People’ Priest” and was close to the common people, he chose to live in the slums nearby to the church. He converted St Matthew’s into a focal point for teaching and practice of the Catholic Revival in the Church of England, he wrote his memoirs in the book “Ommanney of Sheffield“ in the final years of his life. St Matthews remained undamaged throughout World War II although there were casualties throughout the parish as many buildings were damaged in the immediate vicinity during the Sheffield Blitz of December 1940.
In August 1956 parts of the church were damaged by fire including the organ and the Lady Chapel, which had only just been restored. In 1960 the last residential houses in the parish were demolished for shops and businesses, leaving the church without a resident congregation. In the 1970s the Church was threatened by the proposal to build a major road in the area which would have meant demolition but the plans were eventually changed. In 1982 the church’s two function rooms were upgraded and in 2000 the church received a major restoration externally and internally with funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund. The internal work included the cleaning of carbon deposits from the reredos and paintings, a result of Sheffield‘s heavy industrial past.
Present day.
Despite the fact that St Matthew’s no longer has a resident congregation, it is a busy church serving a lively city centre. It is now surrounded by the Devonshire Quarter of Sheffield, an area of independent retail outlets, pubs and bars with a large student population. The church is open daily for services, visitors and private prayer.
Architecture and the interior.
There is an octagonal tower with a tall spire on top at the front (west) end of the church with the main entrance below on Carver Street. There are three main stained glass windows, the east window which dates from 1886 depicts the Incarnation and includes St Matthew and other saints in its design. It is by J. D. Sedding who re-designed the east end of the church at the same time, putting in a new chancel. The two west windows are by Lavers, Barraud and Westlake and date from 1902, other lighting in the church is by clerestory windows.
The altar and reredos are also by Sedding with carvings by Frank Tory and a centrepiece painting of the Adoration by Nathaniel Westlake. The interior is richly furnished with many of the designs by Henry Wilson. The church organ dates from 1992, it is made in the classic British style by Martin Goetze and Dominic Gwynn and is based on the early work of master organ maker Bernard Smith. Next to the main entrance is a war memorial which takes the form of a plaque listing worshippers and parishioners who gave their lives in World War I. Just above the door is a statue of the Crucifixion. Next door to the church is St Matthew’s House, a former Clergy House and Sunday School.

</doc>
<doc id="19130345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130345" title="Okabana Station">
Okabana Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130355" title="Delfinópolis">
Delfinópolis

Delfinópolis is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 6,698 people living in a total area of 1,375 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Passos. It became a municipality in 1948. 
Location.
The city center of Delfinópolis is located at an elevation of 745 meters on the northern bank of the Represa dos Peixotos, which dams up the Rio Grande. The elevation varies from a maximum of 1,400 meters to a minimum of 671 meters. Neighboring municipalities are: São Roque de Minas (N), São João Batista do Glória (E), Passos and Cássia (S), Ibiraci (SW), and Sacramento (W).
Distances
The nearest airport with national flights is in Ribeirão Preto.
Tourism.
The reservoir of Peixotos offers nautical sports and fishing, while the municipality has more than 150 waterfalls, most of which are located on rural properties. There are 3 hotels: Hotel Estância Girasol, Hotel Jp, and Hotel Skalla. There are 34 pousadas, a type of hotel, and 2 camping grounds. 
Economic activities.
Services, tourism, small industries, and agriculture are the main economic activities. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$246 million, with 41 million reais from taxes, 30 million reais from services, 147 million reais from industry, and 27 million reais from agriculture. There were 483 rural producers on 62,000 hectares of land. Approximately 1,100 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, bananas, sugarcane, rice, beans, and corn. There were 31,000 head of cattle, of which 10,000 were milk cows (2006). 
There is 1 bank (2007) 
In the vehicle fleet there were 729 automobiles, 66 trucks, 110 pickup trucks, 8 buses, and 184 motorcycles (2007). 
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 7 health clinics and 1 private hospital with 19 beds (2005). Educational needs of 1,450 students were attended to by 6 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 3 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$208.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19130366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130366" title="Kristdala">
Kristdala

Kristdala is a locality situated in Oskarshamn Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 945 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19130378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130378" title="Tephritis formosa">
Tephritis formosa

Tephritis formosa is a species of tephritid fly. It is one of many species known commonly as gall fly. It is found in most countries across Europe and it also occurs in the Near East.
The adult female is about 5 to 6 mm in length with wings of about 4 to 5 mm. The male is 4 to 5 mm long with wings about 4 mm long. The host plants for the larva are hawksbeard, cat's ear and sow-thistle. It invades the flower heads, causing galls to form.

</doc>
<doc id="19130379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130379" title="Brechin Cathedral">
Brechin Cathedral

Brechin Cathedral dates from the 13th century. As a congregation of the Church of Scotland, which is Presbyterian, the church is not technically a cathedral, in spite of its name.
It is in the Pointed style, but suffered maltreatment in 1806 at the hands of restorers, whose work was subsequently removed during the restoration completed in 1902. The western gable with its flamboyant window, Gothic door and massive square tower, parts of the (much truncated) choir, and the nave pillars and clerestory are all that is left of the original edifice. The modern stained glass in the chancel is reckoned amongst the finest in Scotland.
Round Tower.
Immediately adjoining the cathedral to the southwest stands the Round Tower, built about 1000 A.D. It is 86 ft.(26.21 m) high, has at the base a circumference of 50 ft.(15.3 m) and a diameter of 16 ft.(4.9 m), and is capped with a hexagonal spire of 18 ft.(5.5 m), added in the 14th century. This type of structure is somewhat common in Ireland, but the only Scottish examples are those at Brechin and Abernethy in Perthshire.
The quality of the masonry is superior to all but a very few of the Irish examples. The narrow single doorway, raised some feet above ground level in a manner common in these buildings, is also exceptionally fine. The door-surround is enriched with two bands of pellets, and the monolithic arch has a well-preserved representation of the Crucifixion. The slightly splayed sides of the doorway (also monolithic) have relief sculptures of ecclesiastics, one of them holding a crosier, the other a "Tau"-shaped staff.
Two monuments preserved within the cathedral, the so-called 'Brechin hogback', and a cross-slab, 'St. Mary's Stone' are further rare and important examples of Scottish 11th century stone sculpture. The inscribed St Mary's Stone has a circular border round the central motif of the Virgin and Child which echoes that on the Round Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="19130382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130382" title="Fred Barnard">
Fred Barnard

Frederick (Fred) Barnard (16 May 1846 London – 28 September 1896) was a Victorian illustrator, caricaturist and genre painter. He is noted for his work on the novels of Charles Dickens published between 1871 and 1879 by Chapman and Hall.
Life and work.
Barnard was the son of a silversmith. He studied art under Leon Bonnat in Paris, worked in London and at Cullercoats on the Northumberland coast. His work was exhibited at the Royal Academy of Art and he worked as an illustrator for "Punch", "The Illustrated London News" and "Harper's Weekly". 
In 1870, Barnard married Alice Faraday, a niece of Michael Faraday. In the 1880s Fred and his wife Alice joined a colony of artists at Broadway in the Cotswolds. 
Barnard undertook an enormous task when he was commissioned in 1871 by Chapman and Hall to illustrate nine volumes of the Household Edition of Dickens's works. Included would be "Bleak House", "A Tale of Two Cities", "Sketches by Boz", "Nicholas Nickleby", "Barnaby Rudge", "Dombey and Son" and "Martin Chuzzlewit". 
He followed in the footsteps of the respected Hablot Knight Browne ("Phiz") who had worked with Dickens himself. 
For his prodigious output of some 450 illustrations over an eight-year period, Barnard could lay just claim to the title of "The Charles Dickens among black-and-white artists". 
Frederick Barnard brought an encyclopaedic knowledge of the Dickens novels to bear on his work. 
A young man when he started on his mammoth task, Barnard decided that he would concentrate on scenes other than those that Browne and Dickens had chosen to portray. Whereas 'Phiz' was inclined to create dramatic group scenes for his prints, Barnard was more interested in showing the relationships between pairs of characters. While Phiz had to produce illustrations for the monthly serials as Dickens wrote them, Barnard had the advantage of being able to read the complete work repeatedly before starting on his drawings. At the same time Barnard had to seamlessly blend the characters as visualised by 'Phiz' with his own style, not daring to deviate too much from their established appearance.
By the end of the nineteenth century, Barnard, somewhat like Luke Fildes, had acquired an enviable reputation as a portraitist to the aristocracy and the Royal Family.
After the death of his son Geoffrey in 1891, Fred Barnard went into a decline. 
Although his work was unaffected, his relationship with Alice suffered and at age forty-nine his bedclothes caught fire from the pipe he was smoking, while under the influence of a drug which was probably laudanum. 
On 27 September 1896, he died at Wimbledon of suffocation and his body was badly charred.
Family.
Barnard was married to Alice Faraday (1847–1952) on the Isle of Wight on 11 August 1870. They had three children:
The painter Elinor M. Barnard (1872–1942) was Barnard's niece.
John Singer Sargent had become very close to the Barnard family by the time of Frederick's death. Barnard's daughters Dorothy and Polly served as the models for Sargent's famous painting of 1885-86 "Carnation, Lily, Lily, Rose". He would in later years take the Barnard girls along on his painting trips to the south of Europe. In Sargent's will drawn up in 1918, he left £5 000 to Alice Barnard.

</doc>
<doc id="19130387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130387" title="Alert-class sloop">
Alert-class sloop

The "Alert" class was a two-ship class of 6-gun screw steel sloops built for the Royal Navy in 1894.
Design.
"Alert" and "Torch" were constructed of steel to a design by William White, the Royal Navy Director of Naval Construction. They were powered by a three-cylinder vertical triple expansion steam engine developing and driving a single screw.
Sail plan.
The class was originally designed and built with barque-rigged sails, but both ships were re-rigged as barquentines before 1900 by removing the main yards.
Armament.
Both ships of the class were armed with four 4-inch and four 3-pounder guns, and three machine guns.
Operational lives.
Screw sloops of "Alert's" type had been obsolete for many years, but they remained ideal for patrolling Britain's far flung maritime empire.
HMS "Alert".
"Alert" served on the North America and West Indies Station, including a period in late 1902 and early 1903 when, under Commodore Montgomerie in HMS "Charybdis", she enforced a blockade of the Venezuelan coast. During this period she captured the Venezuelan "Zumbador". She was laid up for a time at Bermuda, but after 1910 served on the East Indies Station in the Persian Gulf, employed in the suppression of gun-running. She was sold to the civil authority at Basra in 1926 for use as a pilot vessel. She was broken up in 1949.
HMS "Torch".
"Torch" joined the Australian Station in February 1897, serving in New Zealand waters in 1898 and 1899. After a refit, she recommissioned at Sydney on 29 November 1913, and in August 1914 became part of the New Zealand Division of the Eastern Fleet. On 16 August 1917 she was transferred to the New Zealand Government as the Training Ship "Firebrand". She was sold, renamed "Rama" and fitted out as a refrigerated ship for the Chatham Islands fishing trade. While approaching the Chatham Islands on 17 November 1924 she struck an uncharted rock, and was beached and abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19130393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130393" title="Tosa-Kamo Station">
Tosa-Kamo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130395" title="Antonio Sicurezza">
Antonio Sicurezza

Antonio Sicurezza was an Italian painter representative for the contemporary figurative art of the Lazio region, Italy.
Biography.
He studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples, winning a scholarship as a worthy competitor among the four faculties. He obtained the diploma in painting under the guidance of the masters Carlo Siviero, Vincenzo Volpe, Vincenzo Migliaro and Paolo Vetri.
The first contact with the territory of Formia was in 1933–1934, when he was called to paint the chapel of St. Anthony in the church of Maranola. Here he met Virginia Mastrogiovanni whom he married in 1934.
War and reconstruction.
In the hardest times of the war the family, now composed of four children, was forced to flee first into the caves in the mountains in the territory of Coreno Ausonio, then passing through the war front down in Calabria. At the end of the war the family came back to Formia.
The churches were destroyed or damaged; in Saint Teresa's the "Angels playing music" fresco that the artist painted for the chapel of Our Lady of Pompeii ended up in fragments, while two ovals depicting Pope Leo XIII and Blessed Bartolo Longo are found in the rubble.
The search for new customers for the altar, replacing the ones destroyed, it is not easy for both the difficult economic situation and the clergy that requires religious representations in line with the traditional iconography, which the artist agrees not to foreclose future commissions.
The artistic maturity.
When Antonio Sicurezza can finally express himself more freely, he has artistically valuable results, such as the works of the apse of St. John, St. Albina in the church of Saint Erasmus, and then, above all, the paintings of St. Francis and of the Announced at the church of Our Lady of Carmelo and that of Saint Roch in Pico. It is valuable to note that in the landscape behind the figures the painter represents in a deliberately simple manner, so that the faithful can recognize immediately the local sights and monuments, as in St. Albina and in St. Francis, in which it is particularly significant the view of the large Gaeta gulf.
In the summer he works outside to paint landscapes and alleys, while during the rest of year he works mainly with charcoal and watercolors or tempera. He produces sketches and studies for works commissioned by religious or paints still lives depicting with immediacy and lightness, but not fulfilling his desire to build the representation in the atmosphere and placing it in the light.
After the summer of 1965 he left teaching and set up the large study that, among carob trees and prickly pears, he had built on the land of Santa Maria la Noce. It is now easier to prepare sketches and large cartoons for religious works and then - limiting the charcoal and pastel studies - he can systematically focus on oil painting, especially of the human figure and still life.
In fact the style change, which makes him prefer oil painting and sees the use of systematic and almost exclusive spatula instead of a brush, occurs in the late Fifties. Part of the paintings exhibited in Rome in July 1961, including two paintings that were awarded to the contemporary art exhibition held in Turin in the context of the events of Italy '61, already put in evidence the use of the trowel to illustrate the human figure and objects.
In the following years he devoted a greater commitment to personal and collective exhibitions, with a lack of direction, without referring to a gallery or an agent and tied to a provincial reality. Despite this, there are several distinctions and awards, and news about him with reproductions of his works are found in various catalogs of contemporary artists.
The intensive production in the last years.
With the advancing age, Antonio Sicurezza and his wife moved to the center of Formia. The last house is more chaotic for the desire of finding the proper window light for each painting. Yet, despite his age and disorder, the work is intense. To complete a painting he takes around five sessions, which means at least two new works every week. He works both mornings and afternoons, often devoting first energies to harder works as the naked human figures. In the living room the walls are covered with framed paintings, while others are simply placed in the corners. It is here that are received friends and admirers. It is of this period the "groups of young people with musical instruments" that the artist calls "concerts", many nudes, vigorous still lives and some outside scenes.
Exceptionally, in August 1978 Antonio Sicurezza does not go to Santa Maria Capua Vetere for the annual meeting of the Assumption. It is the beginning of the sickness that, a year later, August 29, 1979, will bring to die at the age of 74 years.
Critical analysis.
The poetics of painting by Antonio Sicurezza is of course based on values indispensable for him: the respect of human dignity and the sacredness of work. The artist continued to explore and experiment with constant application for many years to reach its capacity of synthesis in painting.
His style reaches maturity based on two fundamental elements: the physical construction of the subject, with increasing use of the spatula to distribute and overlay color, and the mention of the deliberately unfinished around the main theme. The result of all this is a subjective realism. Through the filter of the artist, the performance is careful and accurate for its main theme and the parties to which are assigned a significant role. The same performance is tempered and sometimes only mentioned in the rest of the composition.
Two other considerations must be made: color and atmosphere. Sicurezza manifests for the color a particular passion and he accepts difficult challenges. The atmosphere should be clarified as a physical fact: the atmosphere of the corner of the world where the painter lived and characterized by an extraordinary transparency and brightness, and in which the subjects of his paintings systematically lie, receiving security and serenity.
Antonio Sicurezza, in a century that profoundly transforms reality, puts himself stubbornly in the vein of realism. The artist, at once humble and stubborn, finds the formula of expression in ancient heritage but with original and modern execution.
"The result reached by Antonio Sicurezza is the result of his research, where the responsiveness of more accurate technical means resolves the discovery of the deeper meaning of reality. Therefore, an understanding that surpasses all interpretations animates his painting, to respect it in its entirety. For this reason, in its naked flesh, the more flesh it is, the more chaste"(Luigi Volpicelli).
Elio Marciano for the female nude observes that "the earthly reality of the fine figures of young girls is filled with love of classical perfection of chaste nudity." Guido Bernardi instead puts its focus on humble objects represented in the paintings of the painter, who, "with a wonderful insight figured object, is able to convey continuous points of joy and reflection".
Mario Lepore ascribes to the works of Antonio Sicurezza "the solidity of a job not only well known but also rich in resources and, most importantly, that shows a genuine temperament, from the narrative paintings skills. The quality of design and composition, sensitivity to color and light, reality probate but also poetically observed, often allow him to achieve beautiful accents".
Other critical interventions are often united by a thin thread that identifies values early in the artist and natural attachment to popular traditions, moral honesty, humility and frank simplicity.
Gallery.
In chronological order:

</doc>
<doc id="19130485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130485" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1958 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1958 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1958. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1958. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19130492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130492" title="Oldenburg P 4.2">
Oldenburg P 4.2

The Oldenburg Class P 4.2 steam locomotives were German engines built for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways ("Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Staatseisenbahnen") between 1907 and 1909. They were based on the standard variant of the Prussian P 4.2, but there were a number of small differences such as a "Ranafier" steam dryer and, on three examples, a Lentz valve gear, a system widely used in Oldenburg. Production began in 1907 and eight engines were procured up to 1909.
The engines taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn were grouped as DRG Class 36.12 given numbers 36 1251 to 36 1258. 
The locomotives used tenders of the 3 T 12 or 2'2' T 20 classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19130498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130498" title="Nishi-Sakawa Station">
Nishi-Sakawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130500" title="Leslie Holdsworth Allen">
Leslie Holdsworth Allen

Leslie Holdsworth Allen (21 June 1879 – 5 January 1964) was an Australian academic and poet. He was Professor of English at the Royal Military College, Duntroon, the senior lecturer of English and Latin at Canberra University College and chairman of the Literature Censorship Board.
Early life.
Allen was born in Maryborough, Victoria, the second son of William Allen, a Congregational minister and the older brother of Sir Carleton Allen. He was eleven when his family moved to Sydney where he attended Newington College (1894–1899). He later attended the University of Sydney and the University of Leipzig.
Academic career.
In 1911, Allen was appointed as a senior lecturer in classics and English at Sydney Teachers College. After his marriage in 1915 to Dora Bavin (sister of Sir Thomas Bavin, Lancelot Bavin and Major Cyril Bavin OBE) he became professor of English at the Royal Military College, Duntroon. During his tenue at Duntroon he produced plays for the Canberra Society of Arts and Literature and wrote poetry and children's verse. In 1931, he became the sole lecturer in English and classics at Canberra University College (now the Australian National University).
Censorship.
Allen was appointed in 1933 as a member of the Commonwealth Book Censorship Advisory Committee. From 1937 he was chairman the Literature Censorship Board from 1937.
Family life.
His wife Dora was tubercular and she died in 1932 predeceased by their only son. On his death in Moruya, New South Wales, he was survived by his only daughter.
Honours.
The Haydon-Allen Lecture Theatre is in part a memorial to his work at the Australian National University.

</doc>
<doc id="19130507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130507" title="St. Leonard's Church, Wollaton">
St. Leonard's Church, Wollaton

St. Leonard's Church, Wollaton is a parish church in the Church of England.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
St. Leonard's dates from at least the early 13th century, the chancel being the earliest part, with the nave and tower dating from the 14th century. The Wollaton Antiphonal was in use in the church from the 1460s.
The church has a long connection with the Willoughby family of Wollaton Hall who were the patrons of the parish. Monuments to the family, including a tomb chest and effigies to Henry Willoughby and his wives. 
Memorials.
The church contains many fine memorials including:

</doc>
<doc id="19130514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130514" title="New Zealand Birth Certificate">
New Zealand Birth Certificate

New Zealand Birth Certificates are issued to persons who were born in New Zealand. The Department of Internal Affairs is responsible for issuing birth certificates in New Zealand.
Information listed on New Zealand Birth Certificates are:
The end of the certificate is ended by a legal clause and the person's birth registration number assigned at birth.
Since 1 January 2006, a minor addition shows on all new certificates ordered: 'New Zealand Citizen by Birth' will be added and will have 'Yes', 'No' or 'Not Applicable to births that occurred prior to 1 January 2006'
Certain historical records including historical birth certificates are available online in a searchable format on the Birth, Death and Marriage Historical Records website. The available records are for births recorded at least one hundred years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="19130523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130523" title="Plasma cell leukemia">
Plasma cell leukemia

Plasma cell leukemia (PCL), a lymphoproliferative disorder, is a rare cancer involving a subtype of white blood cells called plasma cells. Plasma cell leukemia is one of the most aggressive human neoplasms and constitutes 2% to 4% of all cases of plasma cell disorders. The WHO criterion for diagnosis of PCL is that plasma cells constitute more than 20% of cells in the peripheral blood with an absolute plasma cell count of more than 2 × 109/L. The presentation may be primary, de novo, or secondary, evolving from an existing case of multiple myeloma as part of the terminal phase of the disease. Approximately 60 to 70% of cases are primary.
Laboratory findings.
Although there is overlap, the markers of plasma cells from patients with primary PCL is different from those of myeloma patients. PCL plasma cells more frequently express the CD20 antigen than those of multiple myeloma (50% vs. 17%), and they often lack CD56 antigen which is present on the majority of myeloma cells. CD56 is considered important in anchoring plasma cells to bone marrow stroma, and its expression is associated with a poor prognosis. CD28 is more frequently expressed on malignant plasma cells in secondary than in primary PCL, which is consistent with an observation made in myeloma, that is, that acquisition of the CD28 antigen on plasma cells appears to correlate with an increased proliferative rate and disease progression.
The chromosome characteristics or karyotypes of PCL plasma cells is complex. Using fluorescence in situ hybridization ( fish ) techniques, losses in the long arm of chromosome 13 (13q) and deletion of one the homologous chromosomes 13 (monosmy 13) exist in more than 80% of PCL patients. Losses on chromosome 16 also occur in approximately 80% of cases. Gains in long arm of chromosome 1 (1q) are present in approximately one-half of the patients determined by FISH, but in all patients by comparative genomic hybridization. Overexpression of the protein PRAD1/cyclin D1, which plays an important role in control of the cell cycle, has also been observed in PCL. Plasma cell leukemia is more frequent in light-chain (Bence Jones protein) or IgD myeloma. It is seen less frequently in IgA or IgG myeloma (see: multiple myeloma).
Clinical course.
The clinical presentation of primary PCL is more aggressive than that of multiple myeloma, and the clinical features found in PCL involves combination of those found in acute leukemia and those found in myeloma. PCL patients have a higher presenting tumor burden; higher frequencies of (involvement of organs other than the bone marrow by disease), thrombocytopenia (decreased platelet count), anemia, hypercalcemia (elevated blood calcium), and renal impairment; increased levels of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and β-2 microglobulin and plasma cell proliferative activity. The incidence of lytic bone lesions is slightly lower than that usually observed in multiple myeloma. PCL is extremely aggressive associated with short survival (median survival of 6–8 months).
Therapy and prognosis.
Treatment of plasma cell leukemia is by supportive care and systemic chemotherapy. Combination of cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone (or dexamethasone) can be used. A second combination is the use of cyclophosphamide, dexamethasone, and thalidomide as for myeloma. Another regimen termed VMCP/VBAP uses alternating vincristine, melphalan (M), cyclophosphamide, prednisone/vincristine, carmustine, doxorubicin, and prednisone polychemotherapy. In general, combination chemotherapy has resulted in median survivals of 18 to 20 months compared to 2 to 6 months when single agent therapy is used. There are anecdotal reports of excellent responses and 2- to 3-year disease-free survivals after autologous stem cell transplantation. Autologous transplantation may increase benefit from conventional therapy and high dose melphalan may prolong progression free and overall survival. 
Although the clinical and laboratory features of primary and secondary PCL are similar, the response to therapy and overall survival in primary and secondary PCL go from poor to worse. Patients with secondary PCL are usually refractory to chemotherapy and have a poor survival compared with duration (median <2 months). 
Novel agents like thalidomide, lenalidomide and bortezomib have been recently used, alone or in combination with conventional chemotherapeutics like melphalan or cyclophosphamide. Two cases had encouraging results with bortezomib. Recent studies demonstrate that velcade (bortezomib)- based regimens offer a significant profit in patients suffering from PCL. More aggressive therapeutic regimens like DT-PACE or protocols used in ALL offer a significant response rate, but with short remission interval.

</doc>
<doc id="19130525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130525" title="John Green (Royal Navy officer)">
John Green (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Sir John Frederick Ernest Green KCMG CB (8 August 1866 – 30 October 1948) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander-in-Chief, Coast of Scotland.
Naval career.
Green joined the Royal Navy as a midshipman in 1882, was promoted to Lieutenant in 1890 and went on to command the gunboat HMS "Pigmy" during the Boxer Rebellion in 1900 for which role he was mentioned in despatches and promoted to Commander 1 January 1901. He served in World War I taking part in the Battle of Jutland in 1916 as Captain of the Battlecruiser HMS "New Zealand" (flagship to the Rear-Admiral Commanding the 2nd Battlecruiser Squadron). He continued his war service as Senior Naval Officer on the River Clyde from October 1917. After the War he became Rear Admiral in the White Sea and then Commander-in-Chief, Coast of Scotland from 1922 before retiring in 1925.
Family.
In 1901 he married Maud Kathleen McInnoy.

</doc>
<doc id="19130541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130541" title="Fred Phillips (makeup artist)">
Fred Phillips (makeup artist)

Fred Beauregard Phillips (April 26, 1908 – March 21, 1993) was a Hollywood makeup artist, best known for his early work at MGM Studios and later on the Star Trek TV series. At MGM he worked under Jack Dawn and William J. Tuttle. In 1980 Phillips was nominated for a Saturn Award for best makeup on the film .
He was alternately credited as Fred B. Phillips, Fred Phillips and Fred Philipps.

</doc>
<doc id="19130555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130555" title="Sakawa Station">
Sakawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130572" title="Ethmia chrysopyga">
Ethmia chrysopyga

Ethmia chrysopyga is a moth of the family Ethmiidae.
It is found in Southern Europe and Anatolia up to the Caucasus region.
Two subspecies have been described:

</doc>
<doc id="19130576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130576" title="Tomb of Nebamun">
Tomb of Nebamun

The Tomb of Nebamun, located somewhere in the Theban Necropolis, near Luxor, in Egypt, was the source of a number of decorated tomb scenes currently (as of September 2008) in storage in the British Museum, London. Amongst the best known of the paintings is the "Pond in a Garden" false fresco painting.

</doc>
<doc id="19130578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130578" title="Erinono Station">
Erinono Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130600" title="Ethmia dodecea">
Ethmia dodecea

Ethmia dodecea is a moth of the family Ethmiidae. It is found in Europe, Asia Minor, Iran, the south-western, southern and eastern European part of Russia, the Caucasus, Transcaucasia, western Kazakhstan and Siberia.
The wingspan is 17–21 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Lithospermum officinale".

</doc>
<doc id="19130624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130624" title="Togano Station">
Togano Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130626" title="Ethmia terminella">
Ethmia terminella

Ethmia terminella is a moth of the family Ethmiidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 17–19 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Echium vulgare".
Two subspecies have been described:

</doc>
<doc id="19130629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130629" title="10th Tony Awards">
10th Tony Awards

The 10th Annual Tony Awards took place at the Plaza Hotel Grand Ballroom on April 1, 1956. The Master of Ceremonies was Jack Carter and the presenter was Helen Hayes.
For the first time, the ceremony was broadcast on television, on the DuMont Channel 5 in New York, in an effort to create "wider public interest in Broadway's most important award-giving ceremony". Also for the first time, the nominees were announced ahead of the ceremony. 
Music for the dinner-dance was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Winners and nominees.
Source:Infoplease

</doc>
<doc id="19130633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130633" title="Platylobium obtusangulum">
Platylobium obtusangulum

Platylobium obtusangulum (Common Flat-pea) is a shrub that is endemic to Australia . It is a member of the family Fabaceae and of the genus "Platylobium".
The species is an erect or straggling shrub that can grow up to 1 metre in height. The leaves are variable in shape and their length ranges from 1 to 3 cm. 
The flowers appear in spring. These are yellow with a red centre and are supported by short pedicels that are concealed by a series of overlapping bracts. The pods which follow are 14 to 25 mm in length and 10 to 14 mm in width.
The species was first formally described by botanist William Jackson Hooker in 1833 in "Botanical Magazine"
This species is found in South Australia, Tasmania, and Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="19130634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130634" title="Murat Gülsoy">
Murat Gülsoy

Murat Gülsoy' (born 1967) is a Turkish writer. He started his literary career as a publisher and a writer of the bimonthly magazine "Hayalet Gemi" (Ghost Ship) in 1992. His works explore the metafictive potential of postmodern self-consciousness with ‘page turning’ plots. He also produced interactive hypertext works on internet exploring new ways of narrative. Gülsoy has published 12 books in Turkey so far. Besides short stories, he has four novels addressing modern masters Kafka, Borges, Eco, Laurence Stern, Fowles and Orhan Pamuk. He is the recipient of some of the most prestigious national literary awards. Besides being a writer, he also works as an engineer for biomedical science, and a teacher for creative writing. He is the head of the editorial board of Bogazici University Press. "Stehlen Sie dieses Buch" is the first book to be translated into German (Literaturca Verlag). His novels are published in Macedonian, Arabics, Bulgarian and Chinese; and will be published in Rumenian, and Albanian soon. His 2000 Sait Faik Award winning book "Bu Kitabı Çalın" (Steal This Book) ironically "borrows" (or steals) its name from Abbie Hoffman's 1971 book "Steal This Book" and it is referred in the book as a postmodern parody.

</doc>
<doc id="19130641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130641" title="Papuk Geopark">
Papuk Geopark

The Papuk Geopark is a geopark in Croatia which is situated in two counties, Požega-Slavonia and Virovitica-Podravina, and includes upland forests of the Papuk and Krndija mountains, and edges of agricultural fields. The total area of the Geopark is . In September 2007, the Papuk Geopark became the first Croatian geopark (an area with an expressed geological heritage and a strategy for a sustainable economical development) and the 30th member of the European Geoparks Network and a member of the UNESCO-assisted Global Geoparks Network.
The Papuk mountains belong to the Slavonia highlands which are in Pannonia, a low-lying area of Slavonia. Even though, the Slavonia highlands are not higher than 1,000 meters, their presence is very noticeable in the landscape. This is because the surrounding alluvial fields are at around 100 m height above sea level, while the hillsides are only 100 m above the fields. The highlands are mostly covered with forests, which differentiates them from the surrounding landscape.
Within the Slavonia highlands, the Papuk Mountain stretches from west to east and is the most spacious and most interesting mountain. From the main mountain-ridge well intended are two spurs and a tract watered by a drainage basin in the direction north south. As a remarkable point, emphasis lies on peaks Točak (887 m), Papuk (953 m), Ivačka glava (913 m), Češljakovački vis (820 m), and Kapovac (792 m), which are spread out continuously, and act as a drainage divide between the numerous tributary streams flowing to the river Drava to the north, and the river Sava to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="19130650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130650" title="Asō Station">
Asō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130653" title="Ethmia pusiella">
Ethmia pusiella

Ethmia pusiella is a moth of the family Ethmiidae, which is sometimes included in Elachistidae or Oecophoridae as a subfamily. It occurs throughout Europe and eastwards to the Tien Shan mountains of eastern Central Asia.
The wingspan is .
The caterpillars feed on Common Gromwell ("Lithospermum officinale") and "Pulmonaria officinalis". They have also been recorded to be myrmecophilous.
Taxonomy and systematics.
"E. pusiella" is the type species of the proposed genera "Anesychia" and "Melanoleuca", which are nowadays considered junior synonyms of "Ethmia". If considered separate from "Ethmia", the senior synonym "Anesychia" must be used.
Two subspecies are accepted nowadays:
In earlier times, "E. candidella" and "E. fumidella" were considered varieties of "E. pusiella".
Junior synonyms of "E. pusiella" are:

</doc>
<doc id="19130664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130664" title="Orok language">
Orok language

Orok is the Russian name for the language known by its speakers as Ulta or Ujlta. Similarly, the people are called Oroks or Ulta. It is a Tungusic language. The language is spoken in the Poronaysky and Nogliksky Administrative Divisions of Sakhalin Oblast, in the Russian Federation. 
According to the 2002 Russian census there were 346 Oroks living in Russia, of whom 64 were competent in Orok. But the 2010 census, that number had dropped to 47. Oroks also live on the island of Hokkaido in Japan, but the number of speakers in uncertain, and certainly small. 
There are two dialects of Orok: northern (east Sakhalin) and southern (poronaysky). The variety of the language spoken on the island of Hokkaido belongs to the southern dialect.
Orok is used conversationally in everyday situations by the members of the older generation. It is also the language of oral folk literature. Oroks also speak Russian.
An alphabetic script, based on Cyrillic, was introduced in 2007. A primer has been published, and the language is taught in one school on the island of Sakhalin.
Alphabet.
The Cyrillic script introduced in 2007 is: 
The letter "en with left hook" is not contained in Unicode 6.0. However, it is accepted by the Unicode Technical Committee for inclusion in a later version of Unicode.

</doc>
<doc id="19130674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130674" title="Ōnogō Station">
Ōnogō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130677" title="Sean Cameron (footballer)">
Sean Cameron (footballer)

Sean Cameron (born January 26, 1985 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American-born Guyanese footballer who most recently played for Miami FC in the USSF Division 2 Professional League.
Career.
Youth and college.
While born in Brooklyn, Cameron grew up in New Jersey where he attended North Brunswick High School. He was a two time first team All State soccer player at North Brunswick. In 2003, Cameron entered the University of Connecticut, playing on the men’s soccer team in 2003 and 2004. He played fifteen games as a freshman, but only seven as a sophomore. Frustrated by his low playing time, he transferred to the Rutgers University in 2005. He finished his career in 2006 at Rutgers.
Professional.
On February 8, 2007, Cameron signed with Miami FC of the USL First Division. He was a regular on the Blues’ back line for nearly two seasons before being traded to the Atlanta Silverbacks in exchange for Ansu Toure on August 16, 2008.
In 2009 he joined the Pittsburgh Riverhounds, and played 10 games for team, before re-joining his first professional club, Miami FC, in 2010.
International.
Cameron, who holds both U.S. and Guyana citizenship - the latter through his father - has played for the Guyana national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19130681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130681" title="Bhishmaka">
Bhishmaka

In Hinduism, Bhishmaka (IAST:Bhīshmaka, Devanagari:भीष्‍मक) (or Bhishmak) was the king of Vidarbha. He was the father of Rukmini, who married the Hindu deity Krishna.
Bhishmaka was father of Rukmi, the elder brother of Rukmini. Krishna married Rukmini by abducting her from the Vidarbha kingdom, though Rukmi wanted to give her as bride to Chedi king Shishupala. He fought with Krishna, but was defeated. When Krishna was about to kill him, Rukmini fell at Krishna's feet and begged to spare her brother's life. Krishna generously agreed, but shaved Rukmi's head as a punishment.
Previous life.
Once there was a temple priest who was a staunch devotee of Lord Shiva. He used to do Pooja to Lord Shiva's feet (Shiva Paada Pooje) every day. After finishing his Pooja and closing the temple premises, the priest brought prasadha (food from the temple which is first offered to the lord) for a dog which waited outside the temple. As dogs symbolise loyalty, the dog used to accompany the priest till he reached home every day and only ate food offered by this priest. The priest had great affection towards the dog as well. 
On one new moon day (Amavasya), after some delay in finishing his temple duties, the priest shut the temple premises and walked out fast to offer food for the dog. Because it was a dark night, the priest accidentally walked over the dogs face. Every dog's nature is to attack anyone who attacks it. The dog instantaneously bit the priest before it could realise that the person it bit was the priest whom the dog admired. Albeit getting bit by the dog, the priest offered the dog the prasadha. The dog, regretting its previous action, did not accept the food. The dog never ate anything after the incident and died in front of the same Shiva temple. The gods, seeing this great gesture of loyalty from the dog, awarded the post of the sun (Surya) with the name "Vivasvan". Many years later, the priest had also died in memory of the dog. In his next life, this Brahmin priest took birth as a king at the land of Vidarbha with the name Bhishmaka. The position he attained in this birth is attributed to all the Shiva Paada Pooje (worshipping lord Shiva's feet) that was performed by the Brahmin priest.
Rukmini's bliss.
King Bhishmaka had 4 sons and 1 daughter Rukmini. The sun god Vivasvan wished to see Bhishmaka (still retaining affection from the King's previous life) and so disguised himself as a Rishi (Sage) and came down to the earth. King Bhishmaka upon seeing the rishi showed overwhelming affection towards him, again due to their relationship from the previous birth. Bhishmaka took the Rishi to his palace where Rukmini worshipped the rishi is a very devoted manner. The rishi then advised Rukmini to do Pooja for Lord Shiva's feet (Shiva Paada Pooje) for attaining god's blessings. Rukmini made garlands for the lord, offered gandha (sandalwood) and other auspicious materials to the god's feet. This pooja was most effective during the days of Nakshatra. The prayers turned out to be so powerful that lord Shiva blessed Rukmini with the boon to marry the great Lord Krishna himself. The Shiva paada pooja takes place at most Shiva temples even today and is considered one of the most effective ways to offer prayers to lord Shiva. Many devotees throng to temples during the Shiva paada pooja to do their part in serving the lord.

</doc>
<doc id="19130708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130708" title="Ōma Station">
Ōma Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130714" title="Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 4">
Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 4

Space Launch Complex 4 (SLC-4) is a launch site at Vandenberg Air Force Base, with two pads one of which is currently used by SpaceX to launch the Falcon 9 rocket. The complex was previously used by Atlas and Titan rockets between 1963 and 2005. It consisted of two separate launch pads, SLC-4W and SLC-4E, which were formerly designated PALC2-3 and PALC2-4 respectively. Both pads were originally built for use by Atlas-Agena rockets, but were later rebuilt to handle Titan rockets. The designation SLC-4 was applied at the time of the conversion to launch Titans.
Space Launch Complex 4E is currently used by SpaceX as a launch site for the Falcon 9 rocket, which first flew from Vandenberg on 29 September 2013. A 24 month refurbishment program started in early 2011.
SLC-4W.
History.
Atlas-Agena.
The first launch to use what is now SLC-4 occurred on 12 July 1963, when an Atlas LV-3 Agena-D launched the first KH-7 Gambit reconnaissance satellite, from PALC2-3. Twelve Atlas-Agenas launches were conducted from PALC2-3, with the last occurring on 12 March 1965. 
Titan IIIB.
Following this, it was rebuilt as SLC-4W, a Titan launch complex. The first Titan launch from SLC-4W was a Titan IIIB, on 29 July 1966. All 70 Titan IIIB launches occurred from SLC-4W, with the last on 12 February 1987.
Titan 23G.
Subsequent to the retirement of the Titan IIIB, it became a Titan 23G launch site, and twelve Titan II launches, using the 23G orbital configuration, were conducted between 5 September 1988 and 18 October 2003. Following the retirement of the Titan 23G, SLC-4W was deactivated. 93 rockets were launched from SLC-4W.
SLC-4W was the site of the launch of Clementine, the only spacecraft to be launched from Vandenberg to the Moon, which was launched by a Titan 23G on 25 January 1994.
SLC-4E.
Atlas-Agena.
The first launch from PALC2-4 occurred on 14 August 1964, when a KH-7 satellite was launched by an Atlas-Agena D. After 27 Atlas-Agena launches, the last of which was on 4 June 1967, the complex was deactivated.
Titan IIID.
During 1971 the complex was reactivated and refurbished for use by the Martin Marietta Titan III launch vehicles. The Titan IIID made its maiden flight from SLC-4E on 15 June 1971, launching the first KH-9 Hexagon satellite. The first KH-11 Kennan satellite was launched from the complex on 19 December 1976. All 22 Titan IIIDs were launched from SLC-4E, with the last occurring on 17 November 1982.
Titan 34D.
The complex was then refurbished to accommodate the Martin Marietta Titan 34D. Seven Titan 34Ds were launched between 20 June 1983, and 6 November 1988. 
On 18 April 1986, a Titan 34D exploded less than nine seconds after launch, showering debris over the launch pad.
Titan IV.
The last type to use the complex was the Titan IV, starting on 8 March 1991, with the launch of Lacrosse 2. On 19 October 2005, the last flight of a Titan rocket occurred, when a Titan IVB was launched from SLC-4E, with an Improved Crystal satellite. Following this launch, the complex was deactivated, having been used for 68 launches.
Falcon.
SpaceX refurbished SLC–4E for Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launches, in a 24-month process that began in early 2011. The draft environmental impact assessment with a finding of "no significant impact" was published in February 2011. 
Demolition began on the pad's fixed and mobile service towers in summer 2011.
In April 2011, company plans had projected Falcon Heavy hardware arriving at Vandenberg in 2012, with launch "soon thereafter" and an initial Falcon Heavy launch from SpaceX' Cape Canaveral launch complex in 2014.
By late 2012, SpaceX continued to anticipate that the initial launch from the Vandenberg pad would be in 2013, but would be a Falcon 9 launch—actually, a heavily modified and much larger Falcon 9 v1.1.
As the pad was nearing completion in February 2013, the first Falcon 9 launch was scheduled for summer 2013, but was ultimately launched on 29 September 2013, and was the maiden flight of the Falcon 9 v1.1 configuration, carrying Canada's CASSIOPE satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="19130720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130720" title="Emen">
Emen

Emen is a village in Veliko Tarnovo Municipality, Veliko Tarnovo Province, Bulgaria, famous for the nearby caves and canyon. In recent years it has become a major tourist destination, receiving both domestic and foreign visitors. Emen's population is about 100 people, but it triples during the summer.
History.
The Emen cave bears evidence of human habitation, dated to the Neolith. Later Romans settled the area and built an outpost on Kaleto hill on the verge of the present-day village. Fortifications included a rock wall from two sides, while the other two sides were naturally protected by the vertical walls of the Emen canyon. Nowadays parts of the wall are preserved, but treasure-hunter raids have reduced archaeological evidence. 
The present-day name of the village is said to derive from the times of the Ottoman rule over Bulgaria. Emen was the name of the Turk who owned all the land and Christian people of the village. With the Liberation of Bulgaria he was most probably expelled from the country, but the village kept its name. Nowadays a single Turkish family lives in Emen, but it bears no relation to the previous landowner.
Geography and natural sights.
Emen is located in Veliko Tarnovo Province, about 20 km away from capital of the province. The river Negovanka, a tributary to Rositsa flows right through the village, through the Emen Canyon and ends up in the Mihaltsi dam situated about 5 km north of the village. The name of the river comes from Latin and means "short river with a near source". In Palaeolithic times, the river carved a Gorge (or canyon), which bears the name of the village. The Emen Canyon consists of two parts, called "Goren" (Upper) and "Dolen" (Lower) "Boaz". The Upper Boaz stretches through 5 km from the nearby village of Novo Selo to Emen, itself. The Lower part of the canyon begins in the north part of Emen and eventually opens up after the Mihaltsi dam.
The Emen Canyon was pronounced a Natural Monument in 1980. As a result, some human activities like lumbering and driving motor vehicles are prohibited on the 25.5 hectare-area of the Natural Monument. It partially overlaps with another Natural Monument - the Momin Skok one, which encompasses a small area around the waterfall of the same name. 
One of the first eco paths in Bulgaria passes through the Emen Gorge on its way to the Momin Skok Waterfall. The Emen cave is located at the very beginning of the eco path. With its length of 3,113 metres it is the 17th lengthiest cave in Bulgaria. This has made it suitable for all kinds of human activities during the years. It has consecutively been used to grow mushrooms and mature cheese. In Communist times it even became an arms depot of a military base located immediately above it. Currently, human presence in the cave is, at least officially, restricted to allow for bats to breed uninterrupted. Bat species inhabiting the cave include: Greater Horseshoe Bat, Blasius's Horseshoe Bat, Mediterranean Horseshoe Bat, Common Bent-wing Bat, Greater and Lesser mouse-eared bat.
Speleologists from Ruse have discovered a large cave system in the vicinity of the village during expeditions between 1986 and 1991. The caves Ruse (3,306 metres long), Troana (3,234 m) and Bambalova Dupka (2,923 m) are all located in the Lower Boaz.

</doc>
<doc id="19130746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130746" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1957 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1957 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1957. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1957. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19130748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130748" title="Anthophila fabriciana">
Anthophila fabriciana

Anthophila fabriciana, also known as the common nettle-tap, is a moth of the family Choreutidae. It is known from China (Taiwan, Xinjiang), the Himalaya, Mongolia, Russia, Korea, Japan (Hokkaido, Honsyu, Shikoku), Afghanistan, Kazakhstan, Europe, the Canary Islands, Asia Minor, Zakavkazye and the Oriental region.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from May to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Urtica" and "Parietaria" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19130750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130750" title="Actinolepidae">
Actinolepidae

Actinolepidae is an extinct family of placoderm fishes which lived during the Early Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19130751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130751" title="Top Gear Winter Olympics">
Top Gear Winter Olympics

Top Gear: Winter Olympics is the first in a series of special episodes of BBC motoring programme "Top Gear". The episode was broadcast on 12 February 2006 and released on DVD on 5 June 2006. The episode was viewed by 5 million people on its first showing, and a further 530,000 watched a repeat on 19 February 2006.
Summary.
Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May travel to Lillehammer, Norway to recreate their own version of the Winter Olympics. The format consists of a series of Winter Olympic sports that have been adapted to be played using motor cars, with the losers of each challenge having to eat golden, yellow snow. The end credits of the episode were edited to show Jeremy Clarkson as "Björn Clarkson", Richard Hammond as "Benny Hamond", James May as "Agnetha May" and The Stig as "Anni-Frid Stig", whilst every other crew member in the credits had their first name replaced with Björn. This is a reference to the members of Swedish pop group ABBA.
Events.
Clarkson raced a Volvo XC90 against May in an Audi Q7, cross-country, with 2 shooting rounds mid-course while every missed target gives 5 penalty seconds. May used a standard Biathlon .22 rifle, while Clarkson opted for a H&K MP5 Sub machine gun. Despite the increased firepower, Clarkson missed every target and felled a tree. May missed only 2 targets in the final shooting round. However, near the end, he crashed into a tree and had to dig himself out. Despite this, May re-overtook Clarkson at the end and won the race.
Hammond was subjected to Arctic temperatures in a Citroën C1, in a bid to see who will crack first: man or machine? After being subjected to a temperature of about minus-40 Celsius, Hammond narrowly beat the car, concluding that 'if you're going to drive to the North Pole, buy a Hammond'. Ironically, this was disproved in later series by his runner-up placing without a car in the .
Clarkson raced a Jaguar XK against a human skater, introduced by May as Eskil Ervik, on the ice course of Vikingskipet Olympic Arena. Clarkson was terrible at this event as his Jag had no grip whatsoever, being lapped twice by Ervik.
May and Clarkson raced a four-wheel drive Land Rover Discovery and a two-wheel drive Jaguar XK against the clock, on just about five inches of frozen lake. May declared himself the winner as he was the fastest with 2:03.28, but was disputed by Clarkson, who claimed his run to have been more graceful and interesting.
In an attempt to avenge a previously failed attempt, Hammond and a bobsleigh team race against May and a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution rally car piloted by Norwegian Henning Solberg, along near-identical courses. Hammond won with 59.68 in the end, May's time was 1:02.24.
Ten Suzuki Swifts played 5-a-side hockey, in teams captained by Hammond and May, and refereed by Clarkson. May's team was called "primetime television" playing in Buffalo Sabres colours, while Hammond's team was called "daytime television" playing in Montreal Canadiens colours. At one point, Hammond's team were winning 3-0, but a biased Clarkson intervened and successfully helped May to 3-2. Hammond's team then scored two more goals. Later, Hammond crashed into May's car and was sent to penalty box, so May could score another goal. The result was supposedly 5-4 to Hammond's team, although only three of May's team's goals were shown in the programme.
The trio attempt to find out if a rocket-powered 1986 Mini could jump further than a skier from a downhill slope. The Mini didn’t manage to beat the skier and ended up crashing into a wall of hay made at the end of the ski jump, but the fact that they did manage to get a car down a ski jump is extraordinary nonetheless. The challenge was then concluded by a ski jump on a snowmobile driven by The Stig after which Clarkson joked about the pain that The Stig would have been feeling on his landing .

</doc>
<doc id="19130752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130752" title="Cyril Burke">
Cyril Burke

Cyril Thomas Burke BEM (7 November 1925 – 18 January 2010) was an Australian rugby union player, a state and national representative scrum-half who made twenty-six Test appearances for the Wallabies between 1946 and 1956.
Playing career.
Born in Waratah near Newcastle, New South Wales he had a long association with the Newcastle Waratahs club as both a player and coach. He made thirty-six state representative appearances for New South Wales (also called the "Waratahs").
His Australian representative debut was made against the All Blacks at Eden Park in 1946 and the following year he played in two domestic Tests against New Zealand when they toured Australia. He was selected in the 1947–48 Australia rugby union tour of the British Isles, Ireland, France and North America where he played in all five Tests. He made seven overseas rugby tours including New Zealand in 1949 and South Africa in 1953 and met those same nations as well as the British and Irish Lions in several Test series played in Australia.
Accolades.
Tressider quotes from a 1988 interview with 1947 Wallaby captain Trevor Allan reflecting on the tour: ""I have fond memories of the tour, none better than Cyril Burke, the little Newcastle halfback who, with Col Windon, had most impact on our games. The opposition simply never knew when he was going to put the foot down on the accelerator or pull off that fantastic sidestep""'. His 1947 tour teammate Sir Nicholas Shehadie described him as follows: ""Size was no handicap for this masterhalf-back, certainly the best I ever played with in my career. He had the biggest sidestep I ever saw from any player, delivered quick-fire service from the scrums and rucks and had a keen eye for a possible gap"".
Honours.
On 15 June 1974, Burke was awarded the British Empire Medal (BEM) in recognition of service to sport. He was awarded the Australian Sports Medal on 29 September 2000. The Cyril Burke Medal was named in his honour, and is presented annually to the top player in the New South Wales First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19130755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130755" title="Susaki Station">
Susaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130763" title="St David's Church, Shenley Green">
St David's Church, Shenley Green

St. David's Church, Shenley Green is a parish church in the Church of England.
History.
Until 1970 services were held in the church hall which was opened in 1962. The church was built between 1969 and 1970. It was consecrated on 9 May 1970 by the Bishop of Birmingham Lawrence Brown.
It was designed by the architects of the Bournville Village Trust under the direction of Selby Clewer.
Part of the parish was taken from that of St. Gabriel's Church, Weoley Castle.
Features.
The church is dominated by its large lantern tower which not only illuminates the interior but also acts as a local landmark. The distinctive green copper roof was replaced with stainless steel in 2011-2012 after a number of thefts of copper sheeting.
The consecration stone, and dedication stones were brought from St. David's Cathedral by the local scout troup in a handcart.

</doc>
<doc id="19130771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130771" title="Tosa-Shinjō Station">
Tosa-Shinjō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130782" title="Giorgos Sterianopoulos">
Giorgos Sterianopoulos

Giorgos Sterianopoulos, (), is a Greek businessman and president of the Bulgarian basketball club CSKA Sofia. Sterianopoulos became widely known in the Greek public when he tried to purchase one of the most successful European clubs of the 90s, P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki, in 2005. The agreement with the then president of P.A.O.K., Takis Paneloudis seemed to be in the right track, but in the end Paneloudis refused to transmit his amount of shares.
In 2007, after former CSKA owner and chairman were killed in an accident, he took the reins of CSKA, became president of the team and hired Greek/Serbian former basketball legend, Bane Prelevic as a Sports director.

</doc>
<doc id="19130783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130783" title="Awa Station">
Awa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130789" title="Nishitetsu Gojō Station">
Nishitetsu Gojō Station


</doc>
<doc id="19130792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130792" title="Her Naked Skin">
Her Naked Skin

Her Naked Skin is a 2008 play by Rebecca Lenkiewicz. It is notable as the first play by a female writer to be produced on the largest stage, the Olivier Theatre, at London's Royal National Theatre, where it premiered on 24 July 2008. The premiere was directed by Howard Davies. In an interview, the National's director Nicholas Hytner stated "[Lenkiewicz's] new play ... will take its place in the Olivier rep alongside work by Shaw, Middleton and Tony Harrison. But what is astonishing is that this will be, as far as anyone can recall, the first play ever by a woman writer to be seen on the National's biggest stage."
Plot.
The play is set during British women's struggle for the vote in the early 20th century, beginning with a suffragette committing suicide at the Derby and ending with the outbreak of World War I. It is centred around a love-affair between two fictional suffragettes, one upper-class (played in the premiere by Lesley Manville) and the other working-class (played in the premiere by Jemima Rooper).
Inception.
In a National Theatre programme note, 
Lenkiewicz has written "I used to work at the National Film Theatre as an usherette and on my breaks I'd often go out to the river with a cup of tea and scour the bookstalls under Waterloo Bridge. One large paperback volume "Shoulder to Shoulder" cried out to me to be bought. It was by Midge Mackenzie and was a documentary account of the suffragettes. It was a battered copy and cost a tenner...and from devouring that book came my urge to write about the period and a desire to put those women into the foreground once more; their bravery and brilliance."
Reception.
Most of the critical reaction to the premiere was good, managing four stars in the "Evening Standard", "Guardian", "Independent" and "Time Out" and three in the "Times", though the critic from "The Times" criticised what he saw as the caricaturing of the male characters.

</doc>
<doc id="19130796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130796" title="Algerine-class gunboat">
Algerine-class gunboat

The "Algerine" class gunboats were a class of six 3-gun wooden gunboats (reclassified as gunvessels from 1859) built for the Royal Navy in 1857. A further pair were built in India for the Bombay Marine in 1859.
An enlarged version of the very numerous "Albacore" class, they reflected the change in use from coastal operations towards deep-water cruising, but were delivered too late to see action in the Crimean War. They were the first class of Royal Navy gunboat to incorporate a hoisting screw, which gave them improved performance under sail. Of note, the last man hung from the yardarm in the Royal Navy was a Royal Marine executed on 13 July 1860 in "Leven".
Design and construction.
Developed during the Crimean War as an enlarged version of W. H. Walker's "Albacore" class, the "Algerines" were an acknowledgement that gunboats designed for coastal operations would inevitably be called upon to act in a cruising role, both in shallow and in deeper water. Their increased size gave them much improved accommodation, and in general they were effective vessels, leading to the construction of two identical vessels for the Indian Marine.
Armament.
As built, they were armed with one 68-pounder (87cwt) muzzle-loading smoothbore gun and two 24-pounder howitzers. By 1863 the three surviving vessels of the class were armed with one 110-pounder Armstrong breech-loading gun and one 40-pounder Armstrong breech-loading gun.
Propulsion.
The class were each fitted with a 2-cylinder horizontal direct-acting single-expansion steam engine manufactured by Maudslay, Sons & Field. This engine drove a single screw, which for the first time in a gunboat was provided with a hoisting mechanism; this ensured a better performance under sail than previous classes. These engines were rated at 80 nominal horsepower and produced on trials . The design speed under steam was . 
Rig.
Fitted at first with a simple schooner rig (often known as a "gunboat rig" in the Royal Navy), the use of these vessels as cruisers encouraged commanding officers on far-flung stations to augment their sail area by fitting topmasts and yards, making them barquentines.
Operational lives.
"Jaseur" was lost on the Bajo Nuevo Bank in the Caribbean within two years of her launch, having spent the whole of her short career on the North America and West Indies station, mostly in deterring the slave trade. "Jasper" also served on the West Indies station before being sold to the Chinese in 1863 to form part of Sherard Osborn's Vampire Fleet. When the venture was called off, she was sold to Egypt to prevent her purchase by the Confederate Navy. "Algerine" spent her entire career on the China station, and was present at the capture of Canton in 1857. "Lee" was also sent to the China station, but her career was abruptly curtailed on 25 June 1859 when she was sunk at the second battle of the Taku Forts. "Leven", like "Lee" and "Algerine" served on the China station, and took part in the successful first battle of the Taku Forts. The last man hanged from the yardarm in the Royal Navy was a Royal Marine, Private John Dalliger, executed for attempted murder on 13 July 1860 in "Leven". "Slaney" served with "Algerine" at the capture of Canton and with "Leven" at the first battle of the Taku Forts.

</doc>
<doc id="19130806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130806" title="Oldenburg S 3">
Oldenburg S 3

The Oldenburg Class S 3 steam locomotive was a German engine built for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways ("Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Staatseisenbahnen") in 1903 and 1904. It was based on a Prussian prototype, the Prussian S 3 (see photo), and procured for the route between Wilhelmshaven, Oldenburg and Bremen. It was the first express train engine built for the Oldenburg state railways and also the first one fitted with a steam dome. It replaced the old P 4 passenger train locomotives.
Six engines were built by Hanomag in 1903 and 1904 with numbers 151–154, 160 and 161. They differed in several technical details from their Prussian counterparts, but did not have Lentz valve gear which, later, became common throughout Oldenburg.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over all six locomotives and grouped them into DRG Class 13.18, allocating them the numbers 13 1801 to 13 1806. They were retired by 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19130808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130808" title="Hando Ruus">
Hando Ruus

Hando Ruus (birth name Harald-Ferdinand Ruhs was changed on August 1, 1939; May 16, 1917 - March 31, 1945 (probable)) was an Estonian SS-Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in World War II, serving in Battalion "Narva" and in the 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian). His nickname was Tou.
After graduation of art school Ruus joined Estonian Army serving in 10th Independent Infantry Battalion. On July 6, 1940 after finishing officer courses, Ruus was promoted to Sergeant and on September 8, 1940 he was assigned to a reserve unit.
In 1941 Hando Ruus didn't follow the mobilization call of the Soviet Army. He decided to hide himself in the woods and became a Forest Brother. He became a group leader of Saku Omakaitse. In 1941 he volunteered for Wehrmacht where he was promoted to lieutenant and later sent to the Estonian Legion. He started serving in SS-Freiwilligen Panzergrenadier Bataillon Narva which was simply known as Battalion "Narwa".
After Battalion "Narva" was ordered to be separated from Estonian Legion and united with 5th SS Panzer Division Wiking, Ruus was promoted to company leader where he led his unit in all battles that "Narva" was involved in, including the Battle of Izium and Battle of Cherkasy. In Cherkasy Ruus got wounded and was sent to Riga.
Battalion "Narva" was merged into the 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian) service and was sent back home, Estonia, where Estonian people welcomed them as heroes.
On April 1, 1944, Ruus married Salme Kurg.
On April 18, Ruus together with "Narwa" was sent to the border of Estonia fighting against advancing Red Army. Two days later he was promoted to SS-Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant). The Battalion had to fight along with Estonian 47th Regiment in the Battle of Auvere. On July 25, Ruus and his battalion had to hold back the onslaught of Red Army. Estonian positions were covered with Soviet artillery support. They launched ca. 80,000 shots but still their infantry was defeated back with great losses. Soviet Army lost about 8,000 men as killed, also 29 tanks and 8 planes. 
During the Battle of Tannenberg Line, Ruus became the commander of Battalion "Narwa", due the cause of all the other officers deaths.
Ruus also fought in the Porkuni. After fighting heavily Ruus and his battalion was cut off by Soviet troops and was taken prisoner. He also fell ill with pneumonia and he was sent to Gatchina, Russia. Later he was transported to Leningrad where he was presumably executed on March 31, 1945.
Ranks & Decorations.
Ranks
Decorations

</doc>
<doc id="19130814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130814" title="Tosa-Kure Station">
Tosa-Kure Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130820" title="Light at the End of the Tunnel (musical number)">
Light at the End of the Tunnel (musical number)

Light at the End of the Tunnel is the gospel-style finale number from the musical Starlight Express. The Company (all railway locomotives and cars) perform the number as a glorification to Steam. The solo lines are taken by Poppa, an old Steam Locomotive, (and Belle the Sleeping Car before she was cut).
Music.
The music, by Andrew Lloyd Webber, has a gospel feel and starts off in G major.
Lyrics.
The lyrics, by Richard Stilgoe, involve many clever plays on words related to the subject of Railway Travel.
The title is an old saying, one of many inspired by the railway. Other's include 'On the Right Track' and 'Full Steam Ahead'.
Reference to James Watt.
The lyrics include a verse and a chorus which pay respect the father of steam, James Watt.
and later;
Alternate Versions.
Ein Licht ganz am Ende des Tunnels.
The German version. The title translates as 'A Light at the very end of the Tunnel'.
The Megamix.
The Megamix was added into the London re-write in 1992, and was added to the German production in 2003. It is an assortment of verses from 'Light at the End of the Tunnel' with lines/verses from other popular songs added in between.
Deletion of Belle.
As the original material was written for two characters as a company to sing, it had to be altered dramatically when one of those characters was deleted. When Belle was cut, several different productions dealt with the loss differently. The London show had Poppa sing the lines she sang in addition to his, and the company took the lines she sang in conversation. In early Bochum, the coaches took all of Belle's lines, and the revised version likened to the London re-write.

</doc>
<doc id="19130822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130822" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1956 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1956 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1956. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1956. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19130828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130828" title="Kageno Station">
Kageno Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130829" title="2004–05 Greek Cup">
2004–05 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 2004–05 was the 63rd staging of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup, competition.
The competition started on 10 September 2004 and concluded on 21 May 2005 with the Greek Cup Final, held at the Pampeloponnisiako Stadium, Patras.
Olympiacos won this season's Greek Cup with a 3-0 victory over Aris.

</doc>
<doc id="19130845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130845" title="Anders Eriksson Hästehufvud">
Anders Eriksson Hästehufvud

Anders Eriksson Hästehufvud (1577–1657) was a Swedish officer, governor of the Estonia province between 1617–1619 and Governors-General of the Livonia province 1628.

</doc>
<doc id="19130846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130846" title="Mucho Azúcar – Grandes Éxitos">
Mucho Azúcar – Grandes Éxitos

Mucho Azúcar – Grandes Éxitos is a greatest hits album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on Sony International in 1997.
Following the success of 1996 album "Esclava De Tu Piel" and its string of hit singles Azúcar Moreno released their first career retrospective, "Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos", (roughly translated as "Lots of Sugar - Greatest Hits"). The compilation covers their hits from 1988 through to 1997, thus excluding material from their first two albums recorded for EMI Music, starting with their Spanish breakthrough single "Debajo Del Olivo", the version used is however not the remixed house music hit version, subtitled "Mix in Spain", later included on the remix albums "Mix In Spain" (1989) and "The Sugar Mix Album" (1990) but the original album version from 1988's "Carne De Melocotón". "Mucho Azúcar" continues with four titles from their international breakthrough album "Bandido" including the title track "Bandido" with which they represented Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 in Zagreb, Yugoslavia and finished fifth, the follow-up "Ven Devórame Otra Vez", "Oye Cómo Va"/"Guajira" and "A Caballo". The 1991 album "Mambo" is represented by just two of the five singles released; the title track "Mambo" and "Tú Quieres Mas (Porque Te Amo)" - lead single "Torero!" is consequently omitted. "Hazme El Amor" is the only track from 1992's "Ojos Negros", while the compilation features two tracks from 1994's "El Amor"; the title track "El Amor" which also appeared in the Hollywood movie "The Specialist" and "No Será Facil" and finally three tracks from the duo's at the time most recent album "Esclava De Tu Piel", "Sólo Se Vive Una Vez", "Hoy Tengo Ganas De Ti" and the title track "Esclava De Tu Piel".
"Mucho Azúcar" also features one new recording, "Muévete Salvaje", originally recorded the previous year by fellow Sony act Cherokee. Just like "Esclava De Tu Piel", "Muévete Salvaje" was produced by Ricardo "Eddy" Martinez and turned into another big hit single for the Salazar sisters. The single was released as two different editions, one as a double A-side with 1990's "Bandido" (some pressings mistakenly claim that the track is a new remix by Raúl Orellana - the version appearing on all editions is in fact the original album version). The second single was entitled "Mucho Azúcar Remixes - Muévete Salvaje Y Otros Remixes" and was an eight track E.P., including four versions of "Muévete Salvaje", the Radio Edit, the Hard Funk Mix, the Hard Core Flamenco Mix and the original "Mucho Azúcar" album version, plus "Oye Cómo Va"/"Guajiro" and "Debajo Del Olivo" - both remixes from "The Sugar Mix Album", as well as "Hava Naguila" (Broken House Remix) and "Sólo Se Vive Una Vez" (Euroflam Mix).
While Sony Music have continued to release hits compilations with Azúcar Moreno all through the 2000s, such as "Toda La Pasión De Azúcar Moreno" (2001), "Colección De Oro" (2002), "20 Grandes Exitos" (2003), "Los Esenciales" (2003) and "20 Exitos Originales" (2005) as well as numerous mid-price collections, none of these include any new recordings or tracks not to be found on their three subsequent studio albums for the Sony label, several of the duo's greatest hits do however appear in edited form.
"Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos" was in 1999 re-released with slightly revised cover art but with the same track list under the title "20th Anniversary (1979-1999)" as the Sony Latin label, originally CBS-Epic Latin, celebrated its 20th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="19130849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130849" title="Rokutanji Station">
Rokutanji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130853" title="Steve Foley (drummer)">
Steve Foley (drummer)

Steven Foley (1959 – 23 August 2008) was an American drummer who played for Curtiss A, Things That Fall Down, The Replacements, Bash & Pop, Wheelo and several other bands in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He played live for the most part but he recorded with songwriter Peter Lack and he appears in a Replacements video, "When It Began", nominated twice in the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards. Foley toured Europe and the United States with The Replacements and played their final show at Grant Park in Chicago in 1991.
Minneapolis bands.
Foley grew up in the Hopkins, Minnesota area with six siblings who were all interested in music. He played for the Overtones and Things That Fall Down who were among the favorites of Kevin Cole then of First Avenue, and with the Suprees, Snaps, Routine 11, Bang Zoom and Trailer Trash. Foley was a drummer for Curtiss A for ten years when he most likely did not record on Twin/Tone Records.
The Replacements.
Two members of Curtiss A bands replaced two members of The Replacements. Bob Dunlap, now known as "Slim," replaced guitarist Bob Stinson, who was fired in 1986 after the tour for "Tim" and died at age 36 in 1995. Foley replaced drummer and painter Chris Mars, who left the band in 1990.
Westerberg and Tommy Stinson went out looking for a drummer in 1990, decided on Foley, who was willing, and asked him to drive them all to an audition. They skipped the audition which became their first practice together when their just-released album "All Shook Down" happened to be in his car's CD player—loudly when Foley turned on the ignition. The band as well as observers knew at the time that it was self-destructing.
Foley first played with The Replacements publicly for First Avenue's twentieth anniversary. After seeing him play with this band at the Orpheum Theatre, his father finally decided that Foley was a professional musician. Starting in January 1991, The Replacements toured Europe for Warner Bros.' Sire Records for "All Shook Down" as the opening act for Elvis Costello. But their review in New York was poor and they broke up, perhaps because Westerberg was in pursuit of a solo career, or they just quit. What is known is that Paul Westerberg, Mars, and Bob and Tommy Stinson who formed The Replacements played rock music that was perhaps the most legendary and might be the most influential so far to emerge from Minnesota. Second only to Bob Dylan, Westerberg has been called the state's most influential rock songwriter.
At number 69 ("Don't Tell a Soul" reached 57) on the "Billboard" 200, "All Shook Down" was The Replacements' second-best selling album. It received four stars from "Rolling Stone" who called The Replacements "America's best band". Allmusic didn't like it but gave the album four and a half stars, and, undated, appears to predict the band's breakup.
Early on The Replacements refused to make videos but later made commercial videos for Sire and MTV. Approximately at the time of Foley's tenure, "Merry-Go-Round" with a supporting video with Mars on drums reached number 1, "When It Began" with a clay animation video with Foley on drums reached number 4, and "Someone Take the Wheel" reached 15 on "Billboard"'s Modern Rock Tracks.
When Warner's Rhino released four early Replacements albums from Twin/Tone in April 2008, Stinson and Westerberg discussed a reunion in "Billboard". Westerberg was in favor of waiting for the reissues of the four Sire albums later that year. Which drummer they had in mind might be unknown. Stinson had praised Foley's work which was on beat rather than behind it like Mars. Westerberg was impressed initially that Foley knew so much of The Replacements' material but also criticized him as he did most of his bandmates. Josh Freese played drums and Mars contributed backup vocals but not drums on a Rhino compilation in 2005. Practice in October 2008 was with Michael Bland.
Later years.
After The Replacements disbanded, Foley joined Stinson in Bash & Pop and in 1994 both Steve and brother Kevin Foley toured for and may not have played on their 1993 album "Friday Night Is Killing Me" on Sire / Reprise. In 1997 Foley recorded "Something Wonderful" with Lack in the band 69 later known as Wheelo.
More recently Foley sold Nissan cars. He married in 2007 and lived in south Minneapolis across the street from Mars, both of whom owned BMW motorcycles. Wheelo reassembled in late 2007 at least for practice throughout 2008, and according to a bandmate, "Steve's last cymbal crash came down during a raucous, frenzied, and ridiculously silly jam in the key of 'b'." He had been sober for fifteen years but he had been medicated for depression and anxiety. Foley died at age 49 from an accidental overdose of prescription medicine; though some papers reported it as a drug overdose. He is buried in Lakewood Cemetery in Minneapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="19130855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130855" title="Fighting robots">
Fighting robots

Fighting robots can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19130860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130860" title="Niida Station (Kōchi)">
Niida Station (Kōchi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19130881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130881" title="International Poker Rules">
International Poker Rules

The International Poker Rules, also known as the IP Rules, provide a standardized set of tournament procedures and technical guidelines for the poker industry and its players. The IP Rules consists of 80 technical rules, policies and procedures for tournament play. 
The IP Rules reference and incorporate the latest version of the Poker Tournament Director's Association's (TDA) rules. As the official resource for the industry and its players, the IP Rules allow the poker world to train,operate and play with worldwide consistency.
The IP Rules allow card rooms and tournaments to modify the rules in accordance to a Venue's House Rules, State, Federal and Country Gaming Commission laws and regulations and/or the Tournament Director’s procedures and policies. 
All rules, policies, and procedures are subject to the modifications made by the Venue’s management for each tournament. All modifications made to the IP Rules must be provided to the players and will take precedence in that Venue for the tournament.
History.
The International Poker Rules were created and complied by Marcel Lüske and Michelle Lau as the Federation Internationale de Poker Association (FIDPA) to provide uniformity in poker tournaments worldwide. 
FIDPA writes, interprets and maintains The International Poker Rules, in cooperation with The Poker Tournament Directors Association (TDA), Bob Ciaffone, author of “Robert’s Rules of Poker,” Jack McClelland and Doug Dalton (Bellagio Hotel and Casino) and many other leading authorities, and resources from around the world. With permission from The Poker Tournament Directors Association, The International Poker Rules incorporates, references, and are compatible with the latest version of the TDA Rules.
The IP Rules were first adapted by Bellagio Hotel and Casino in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19130883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130883" title="Vatnsfell Power Station">
Vatnsfell Power Station

Vatnsfell is an Icelandic hydroelectric power station situated in the Highlands of Iceland, at the south end of lake Þórisvatn, just before the Sprengisandur highland road.
The power station went online in 2001. It is run by Landsvirkjun and generates electricity during the peak demand winter months. The installed capacity is 90 MW, and the head is . Lead engineering services were provided by Mannvit Engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="19130902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130902" title="Richard Pilkington">
Richard Pilkington

Richard Pilkington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19130904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130904" title="Jenny Gardiner">
Jenny Gardiner

Jennifer (Jenny) Ann Gardiner (born 6 October 1950) is an Australian politician and National Party of Australia member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. Gardiner has been a member of the Council since 25 May 1991 and is serving her third term in that Council. She is currently the Deputy Leader of The Nationals in the NSW Legislative Council and the Coalition Parliamentary Secretary for Rural Health.
Early years.
Gardiner was born in Penola, South Australia. She attended primary school in Victoria. Her secondary education was undertaken in Victoria and then in New South Wales.
After leaving school, she obtained a Bachelor of Business through the Mitchell College of Advanced Education in Bathurst, New South Wales, now part of Charles Sturt University.
National Party political activity.
Gardiner commenced her working life as a junior clerk working in a legal office in Tamworth where she played an active role in the Young Australian Country Party – NSW (YACP – NSW) – the NSW youth branch of the Party now known as the Young Nationals (Australia). Gardiner worked her way up to become State Secretary of the YACP – NSW and was elected as a delegate to the Central Council of the Australian Country Party – NSW in the mid-1970s. Gardiner moved to Sydney and began work at the New South Wales headquarters of the then Australian Country Party as a research officer working under the leadership of Colonel Bill Ford OBE, General Secretary and then as Executive Officer to Charles Blunt, General Secretary. She was eventually to become the General Secretary of the NSW Branch of the National Party of Australia between 1984 and 1991 and the first woman to hold that position.
During her term as General Secretary of the NSW National Party, at the request of the National Party Federal Leader, Doug Anthony, Gardiner undertook an analysis of the implications of a Hawke Labor Government proposal in 1984 to increase the number of Members in the Australian House of Representatives. The Opposition Coalitiion was formally opposed to the proposal. Gardnier's analysis indicated that the National Party could benefit from an expanded House and National Party Senators crossed the floor to vote with Labor in support of the motion. Gardiner was also influential in persuading the Liberal Party to avoid three-cornered contests in country NSW seats.
During the failed 1987 Joh for Canberra campaign to install Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen as Prime Minister, in a highly unusual move for a paid party official, Gardiner issued a media release critical of the Queensland National Party. Gardiner was General Secretary when the NSW National Party achieved its most successful post-WWII outcome at the NSW general elections held on 19 March 1988 when the party won 20 out of 26 seats contested in the Legislative Assembly that swept the Unsworth Labor Government from office.
In an unpublished manuscript, Gardiner has written about the history of the NSW Young Nationals.
New South Wales state political career.
Gardiner was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council on 25 May 1991 replacing the Honourable Judy Jakins, MLC. She was re-elected to the Council in both 1999 and 2007 and had the fifth highest quota in both elections. She was number two on the Liberal/Nationals election ticket and since 31 March 2003 is the Deputy Leader of The Nationals in the Legislative Council.
In Parliament, she currently serves on the following committees:
She has been nominated a Temporary Chair of Committees, along with Kayee Griffin, Sylvia Hale, Robyn Parker, Christine Robertson and Helen Westwood.
Previous Parliamentary position include:
Gardiner served on the Advisory Council for Charles Sturt University between 1991 and 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19130905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130905" title="Saki Minemura">
Saki Minemura

Saki Minemura (峯村沙紀 "Minemura Saki", born April 18, 1990) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows.

</doc>
<doc id="19130916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130916" title="Eduard Lumpe">
Eduard Lumpe

Eduard Lumpe (1813–1876) 
was an obstetrician working in Vienna General Hospital as assistant to professor Johann Klein. He is mainly known for compiling a list of causes for childbed fever in 1845, reflecting the (in retrospect: limited) insights at the time. The disease was predominantly epidemic, i.e. due to miasmatic influences. Other causal factors included: general deprivation, worry, shame, attempted abortion, fear of death, dietary disorders, exposure to cold, local miasmas and difficult delivery. Ignaz Semmelweis ridiculed Lumpe's work.
Lumpe's work reflected mainstream views, see for instance the work of Charles Delucena Meigs for a similar American account in 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="19130918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130918" title="Luis Colón, 1st Duke of Veragua">
Luis Colón, 1st Duke of Veragua

Luis Colón de Toledo, 1st Duke of Veragua, 1st Duke of la Vega, 1st Marquis of Jamaica and 3rd Admiral of the Indies (Santo Domingo, 1519/1520/1522 – 29 January 1572), was the first son of Diego Colón and María de Toledo y Rojas, and grandson of Christopher Columbus.
After his father's death, a compromise was reached in 1536 in which he was named 3rd Admiral of the Indies and renounced all other rights for a perpetual annuity of 10,000 ducats, the island of Jamaica as a fief, the Dukedom of Veragua estate of 25 square leagues in the Province of Veragua on the Isthmus of Panama, and the titles of 1st Duke of Veragua and 1st Marquess of Jamaica and 1st Duke of La Vega.
He married firstly in 1546 to María de Mosquera y Pasamonte, daughter of Juan de Mosquera and his wife Ofrasina de Pasamonte, and had: 
He married secondly in Valladolid, October 19, 1555 to Ana de Castro Osorio, daughter of Beatriz de Castro Osório, 6th Countess of Lemos and Sárria, and her second husband Alvaro Osorio, without issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19130961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130961" title="List of Top 25 singles for 1955 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 1955 in Australia

The following lists the top 25 (end of year) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the year of 1955. These were the best charting singles in Australia for 1955. The source for this year is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
source: David Kent's "Australian Chart Book 1940-1969"

</doc>
<doc id="19130963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130963" title="Bangladesh Air Force Academy">
Bangladesh Air Force Academy

Bangladesh Air Force Academy (BAFA) is a training and education academy which provides initial training to all BAFA personnel who are preparing to be officers in the Bangladesh Air Force. The Bangladesh Air Force Academy is located in the district town of Jessore at Matiur Rahman Air Force Base.
Selection of Officers.
Suitable candidates are selected after passing through different selection phases. For regular courses of different branch cadets, the selection procedure is as follows:
Selection criteria for BAF candidates are highest among armed forces branches and only the best candidates are selected as air force cadets.
Training System.
Newly recruited cadets undergo two years of training before they receive a commission. Initially, BAF cadets join the Bangladesh Military Academy for a tenure of three months, where they undergo initial training with army and navy cadets. Following initial training, they return to their academy and join the Bangladesh Air Force Academy. At the academy, cadets receive general service training, armed combat training and education on different service-related subjects. The period at the academy is divided into four terms. For the first two terms, cadets only receive general service training and read service-related subjects. During the third term, the General Duties Branch cadets go for 120 hours basic flying training and other branches' cadets begin studying subjects such as engineering. After successful completion of two years training in the Bangladesh Air Force Academy, cadets are commissioned into different branches of the Bangladesh Air Force. Those branches are General Duty (Pilot), Maintenance (Technical Engineering), Maintenance (Technical Communication and Electronics), Maintenance (Technical Armament), Air Defence Weapon Control (ADWC), Logistics, Administrative, Air Traffic Control, Education, Legal, Accounts, Meteorology, etc. A flight cadet also earns a BSc degree in Aeronautics from the Bangladesh University of Professionals. Female cadets currently may not join the General Duty (Pilot) Branch yet but they may join other branches of Bangladesh Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="19130965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130965" title="Petar Arsić">
Petar Arsić

Petar Arsić (born 6 November 1973 in Belgrade) is a Serbian former professional basketball player.

</doc>
<doc id="19130968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130968" title="Oldenburg G 4.2">
Oldenburg G 4.2

The Oldenburg G 4.2 steam locomotives were goods train engines built for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways ("Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Staatseisenbahnen") between 1895 and 1909. They were compound locomotives manufactured by Hanomag based on a Prussian design, the Prussian G 4.2. Of the total of 27 examples, 19 were to have been taken over in 1923 by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG class 53.10 with numbers 53 1001–1011 and 53 1051–1058. In the 1925 DRG renumbering plan for steam locomotives, however, only eleven engines were listed: numbers 53 1001–1003 and 53 1051–1058.
The first vehicles were equipped with an outside valve gear of the Allan type. The 15 engines delivered from 1907 had an outside Walschaerts valve gear. The latter were also fitted with a "Ranafier" steam dryer and a steam dome. 
On a line with a 0.5% incline, the engines attained a speed of 30 km/h when hauling a 500 tonne train.

</doc>
<doc id="19130970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130970" title="Bluebox Limited">
Bluebox Limited

Bluebox Limited Films is a production company banner founded by Iowa filmmakers Scott Beck & Bryan Woods. The company produces feature films, shorts, commercials, and television content. The company's film-maker founders were among the top 50 in the Director's competition of Project Greenlight. The pair secured a deal with MTV Films after winning mtvU's "Best Film on Campus" competition with their feature "University Heights".
In 2010, Beck & Woods directed "Impulse" starring Chris Masterson from Fox Network's "Malcolm in the Middle". The film was the #1 most downloaded short film in its first week of release. Beck & Woods most recently wrote and direct "Spread", a scripted pilot for MTV, starring Caleb Hunt, James Serpento, Alyssa Perry, and Brendan Dunphy. They are now working on "Nightlight", a supernatural thriller produced by Herrick Entertainment and starring Shelby Young, Chloe Bridges, Carter Jenkins, Mitch Hewer and Taylor Murphy.

</doc>
<doc id="19130971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130971" title="Felipa Colón de Toledo, 3rd duchess of Veragua">
Felipa Colón de Toledo, 3rd duchess of Veragua

Felipa Colón de Toledo y Mosquera, 2nd duchess of la Vega, 2nd duchess of Veragua and 2nd Marquesa of Jamaica (ca. 1550 – Valladolid, Olmedo, Spain, 25 November 1577), was the second daughter and heiress of Luis Colón de Toledo, 1st Duke of Veragua, and his first wife María de Mosquera y Pasamonte. She was a great-granddaughter of famous explorer Christopher Columbus.
She married her first cousin Diego Colón de Toledo, 4th Admiral of the Indies, without issue. Her husband held that office, which she had inherited, in her place.

</doc>
<doc id="19130992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19130992" title="Midlands 3 East (North)">
Midlands 3 East (North)

Midlands Division – Midlands 3 East (North) is an English Rugby Union League. The league is the 8th tier of league competition in England.
Midlands 3 East (North) is made up of teams from around the East Midlands of England who play home and away matches throughout a winter season. Promotion and relegation determine the makeup of the league each season.
Promoted teams move up to Midlands 2 East (North). The top two teams are promoted. The bottom two teams are relegated to Midlands 4 East (North), with the top two teams from that division replacing them.

</doc>
<doc id="19131015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131015" title="Hallow, Worcestershire">
Hallow, Worcestershire

Hallow is a village and civil parish beside the River Severn, about north-west of Worcester in Worcestershire. The village is on the A433 road that links Worcester with Holt Heath.
Hallow has a public house, a post office and a Church of England primary school.
Following the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834 Grimley Parish ceased to be responsible for maintaining the poor in its parish. This responsibility was transferred to Martley Poor Law Union. 
Toponym.
In the 9th century the toponym was recorded as "Halhegan", "Heallingan" and "Halnegan". In the 11th century it was recorded as "Halhegan" and "Hallhagan", while in the 13th century it was "Hallawe", "Hallaye" or "Hallag".
Manor.
The earliest record of the manor of Hallow is from AD 816, during the reign of Coenwulf of Mercia, when Hallow evidently belonged to Worcester Cathedral, and by the 10th century Hallow belonged to the Benedictine priory attached to the cathedral. After the Dissolution of the Monasteries around 1540 the cathedral retained Hallow, and in 1913 the manor was vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.
By the middle of the 11th century Worcester Priory had fishponds at Hallow and in 1256 permission was granted for a warren as well. Both were still in use in 1346.
The Domesday Book records that in 1086 Hallow had two mills for grinding grain: presumably watermills on the River Severn. Hallow Mill was still in use in 1913.
Parish church.
Until 1876 Hallow was a chapelry of Grimley. Hallow's original chapel of ease was demolished in 1830 and replaced by a modest Georgian chapel on a new site about south-east of the old one.
In 1867 the second chapel was demolished and building began of the present Church of England parish church of Saint Philip and Saint James. It was designed by W.J. Hopkins and completed in 1869. Hallow was made a separate parish in 1876. The bell tower with its high broach spire were added in 1879.
The church is W.J. Hopkins' most notable work. The nave and clerestorey are of four bays and are flanked by north and south aisles. The clerestorey is supported by flying buttresses and, like a number of Hopkins' works, has round windows. The chancel and its arch are impressively high. 17th and 18th century memorial tablets from the old chapel were preserved and are mounted in the new church.
The old chapel had three bells in 1552 and five in 1740. A 16th-century bell from the old chapel hung in the new church until 1900, when a new peal of eight bells cast by John Taylor & Co of Loughborough was hung in the tower.
Notable people.
Colonel William Careless, who preserved the life of Charles II by hiding him in the Royal Oak (1651), was resident in Hallow during the 1680s.
The manufacturer and philanthropist William Morris (1877-1963), the future Viscount Nuffield, was born in Hallow and baptised at SS Philip and James. The diplomat, archeologist, explorer and historian Stewart Perowne was born in Hallow in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="19131028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131028" title="Diego Colón de Toledo, 4th Admiral of the Indies">
Diego Colón de Toledo, 4th Admiral of the Indies

Diego Colón de Toledo y Pravia, 4th Admiral of the Indies (died 28 January 1578) was a paternal grandson of Diego Colón and his wife María de Toledo y Rojas, making him a great-grandson of Christopher Columbus.
He married his first cousin Felipa Colón de Toledo, 2nd Duchess of Veragua, the second daughter and heiress of Luis Colón de Toledo, 1st Duke of Veragua, and his first wife María de Mosquera y Pasamonte, without issue. He held the "Almirante de las Índias" office in her place, which she had inherited.

</doc>
<doc id="19131037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131037" title="Cossus cossus">
Cossus cossus

The Goat Moth (Cossus cossus) is a moth of the family Cossidae. It is found in Europe.
This is a large heavy moth with a wingspan of 68–96 mm. The wings are greyish brown and marked with fine dark cross lines. The moth flies from April to August depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed in the trunks and branches of a wide variety of trees (see list below), taking three or four years to mature.
As a Food.
Considered a Roman delicacy after it was fed with flour.
Taxonomy.
"Cossus balcanicus" Lederer, 1863 from Bulgaria is probably a hybrid between "C. cossus" and "Lamellocossus terebrus" (Denis & Schiffermuller, 1775).

</doc>
<doc id="19131044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131044" title="Sekou Oliseh">
Sekou Oliseh

Sekou Jabateh Oliseh (born 5 June 1990) is a Liberian international footballer who last played professionally for Greek club PAOK, on loan from Russian side CSKA Moscow, as a midfielder.
Early and personal life.
Born in Monrovia, Liberia, Oliseh was adopted by Nigerian ex-professional footballer Churchill Oliseh at a young age. His uncles are fellow footballers Azubuike Oliseh, Egutu Oliseh and Sunday Oliseh.
Career.
Early career.
Oliseh began his career in his adopted home country Nigeria with Ebedei, before moving to Danish side Midtjylland in 2006. Between 2008 and 2009, Oliseh made 5 league appearance for Midtjylland, before moving on loan to Russian side CSKA Moscow in July 2009. In December 2009, the loan deal became permanent as Oliseh signed a 5-year deal with CSKA.
CSKA Moscow.
Oliseh made his debut for CSKA on 4 October 2009 against Kuban Krasnodar and scored his first goal on the same day. He entered the match as a substitute for striker Tomáš Necid in the 70th minute and scored nine minutes later to complete a 4–0 victory for the Army men. He then made his UEFA Champions League debut as a substitute against Beşiktaş on 8 December 2009, replacing Miloš Krasić in the 82nd minute at the BJK İnönü Stadium.
However, he was not able to secure a first team spot in 2010, due to the presence of fellow attacking midfielder Krasić. Following Krasić's transfer saga to Juventus, Oliseh received a rare start and did not disappoint. He scored a double in the first half against Anzhi Makhachkala on 15 August 2010, tallying in the 12th minute and then just before halftime for manager Leonid Slutskiy's squad. Another winning goal followed on 20 September, scoring the only goal in the home victory against Sibir Novosibirsk.
He joined Greek club PAOK on loan in January 2013.
International career.
Oliseh, who had represented his adopted nation of Nigeria since childhood, received a call-up to the Liberian team from manager Bertalan Bicskei in September 2010 for a 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification match against Zimbabwe. Oliseh would honor the invitation, citing star Liberian forward George Weah as a key motivating factor behind his decision. "I have my entire family and friends here in Liberia who would love to see me play for our nation, I love Nigeria but I can't play for them," said Oliseh.
Oliseh then made his debut on 5 September 2010 against Zimbabwe and scored the equalizing goal in a 1–1 draw for Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="19131048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131048" title="Greg Chevalier">
Greg Chevalier

Greg "Chevy" Chevalier (born Albany, New York) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USL First Division.
Player.
Chevalier attended Monroe-Woodbury High School in Central Valley, New York. He then played college soccer at the University of Albany from 1999 to 2002. In 2003, Chevalier played as an amateur with the Albany Blackwatch Highlanders of the fourth division Premier Development League. He scored nine goals and was named to the All-PDL team. He began his professional career in 2004 with the Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL Second Division. On April 9, 2005, the Silverbacks announced the signing of Chevalier. In April 2006, the Silverbacks released Chevalier during the preseason. He then signed with the Riverhounds. He also played four games for the Atlanta Silverbacks U23s of the PDL. In 2007, he took the season off after getting married. In April 2008, Chevalier returned to professional soccer with the Atlanta Silverbacks.
Coach.
Chevalier began coaching in 2000 and has held positions at the high school and Super Y-League levels. He currently is located in Atlanta, GA coaching for Atlanta Spurs FC alongside Ted Macdougall and Paul Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="19131052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131052" title="Exfoliated graphite nano-platelets">
Exfoliated graphite nano-platelets

Exfoliated graphite nano-platelets (xGnP) are new types of nanoparticles made from graphite. These nanoparticles consist of small stacks of graphene that are 1 to 15 nanometers thick, with diameters ranging from sub-micrometre to 100 micrometres. The X-ray diffractogram of this material would resemble that of graphite, in that the 002 peak would still appear at ~26o 2 theta. However, the peak would appear considerably smaller and broader. These features indicate that the interplanar distance in exfoliated graphite is similar to that of the parent graphite, but the stack size (of graphene layers) is small. Since xGnP is composed of the same material as carbon nanotubes, it shares many of their electrochemical characteristics, although not their tensile strength. The platelet shape, however, offers xGnP edges that are easier to modify chemically for enhanced dispersion in polymers.
Composite materials made with polymers, like plastics, nylon, or rubber, can be made electrically or thermally conductive with the addition of small amounts of xGnP. These nanoparticles can change the fundamental properties of plastics, enabling them to perform more like metals with metallic properties. These new nanoparticles also improve barrier properties, modulus, and surface toughness when used in composites.
Properties.
Graphene is extremely electrically conductive material. In turn, xGnP has a percolation threshold for conductivity of 1.9 wt% in thermoplastic matrix. At densities of 2–5 wt%, conductivity reaches sufficient levels to provide electromagnetic shielding. xGnP can also be combined with glass fibers or other matrix materials to provide sufficient conductivity for electrostatic painting or other applications requiring electrical conductivity.
xGnP significantly outperforms most other forms of carbon in terms of thermal conductivity when used at densities of 20 wt% in control resins. At these densities, xGnP also confers significant electrical conductivity as well as improved mechanical properties to most thermoplastic, thermoset, or elastomeric systems. At lesser densities, xGnP adds thermal stability to a variety of matrix materials.
As opposed to materials like carbon black, xGnP improves mechanical properties of most composites, particularly stiffness and tensile strength. Elastomeric compounds have been shown to experience increased life and reduced surface wear when reinforced with xGnP.
Because of the platelet shape, xGnP significantly improves the impermeability of composites when used at densities of ~3 wt% or greater. xGnP particles can be aligned using electric field, although alignment is not necessary for use in most extrusion systems. Because xGnP also imparts electrical conductivity at these densities, the resulting composites offer attractive cost savings for applications like fuel lines or fuel tank linings.

</doc>
<doc id="19131061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131061" title="Miyabi (given name)">
Miyabi (given name)

People known as Miyabi include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19131066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131066" title="Church of St. John the Evangelist, Carrington">
Church of St. John the Evangelist, Carrington

St. John the Evanglist, Carrington is a parish church in the Church of England in Carrington, Nottingham.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest. 
History.
It was first opened in 1843 to a design by William Surplice. The chancel was added in 1866 - 1877 by Jackson & Heazell. The north aisle was added in 1922.
Organ.
The organ was installed in 1949 and was obtained second hand from a private residence in Radcliffe on Trent. It had been built in 1936 by Roger Yates. The same builder rebuilt it in St. John's Church in 1949, and it was opened on 23 February 1949 by William Harry Gabb, the sub-organist of St. Paul's Cathedral. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19131090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131090" title="Phragmataecia castaneae">
Phragmataecia castaneae

The Reed Leopard ("Phragmataecia castaneae") is a moth of the family Cossidae. It is found in central and southern Europe, the Middle East, the Caucasus, Transcaucasia, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan, north-western Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Turkey, western China, south-western Siberia, Egypt, Tunisia and Morocco.
The wingspan is 27–50 mm, the female being larger than the male. The wings are buffish-grey with fine dark spotting. The female has a very long abdomen, which extends far beyond the wingtips at rest. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Phragmites australis", "Phragmites communis", "Phragmites gigantea" and "Phragmites pumila".

</doc>
<doc id="19131114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131114" title="Money No Enough 2">
Money No Enough 2

Money No Enough 2 () is a Singaporean film written and directed by Jack Neo and produced by Neo Studios, Mediacorp Raintree Pictures and Scorpio EastPictures.
Ten years since the first "Money No Enough", local celebrity director Jack Neo’s "Money No Enough 2" returns to bring attention to the common man’s life in Singapore where the pursuit of money is a never ending passion. 
Plot.
The story revolves around three brothers from a middle-income background in contemporary Singapore. These are characters who are representative of the business owners, white and blue collar workers of Singaporeans.
The oldest brother Yang Bao Hui (by Henry Thia) represents the lower income group. As a child, Hui left school at an early age to earn money to help support his poverty stricken family. He has been working as a delivery man in the same company for the last 30 years. At the persuasion of his youngest brother, he strikes out as an entrepreneur to sell health supplements. As business improves, Bao Hui quits his dead-end job and puts all his time into the business. Unfortunately the business is forced to a standstill when the health supplement is deemed unsafe for public consumption, which inadvertently brings Bao Hui close to financial ruin.
The second brother Yang Bao Qiang (by Jack Neo) portrays a well-heeled successful businessman. As the owner of his own business, he and his wife flaunts their wealth in typical Singaporean fashion, with designer clothes, a flashy car and a big house to put it all in. However in a moment of greed, Bao Qiang allows himself to be cheated out of his fortune and gets into a very difficult financial situation.
The youngest brother Yang Bao Huang (by Mark Lee) represents the ordinary middle working class. He earns a good salary working as a multi-level marketing regional supervisor for a health supplement trading company, and spends lavishly to maintain his ‘wannabe’ lifestyle. When the health supplement business goes bust, debts pile up and Bao Huang too, faces financial ruin. Even his wife gets involved, having their relationship soured and taking the blame for Bao Huang for a crime which she gets convicted for.
As the winds of fortune changes, the brothers begin to neglect their elderly mother. It was easy to be generous and filial during the good times but when household budgets tighten, what is the cost of true filial piety? Even the most basic arrangements, including whom their mother should stay with, become a contentious issue.
The families of each brother also try their luck at helping to earn an income to support. Unfortunately while out on the road with their getai lady boss rushing to another performance, a car accident occurred and Bao Qiang's wife and daughter were involved.
Bao Qiang's daughter turns out to be in critical condition unless she gets a blood transplant. The brothers' mother too, is in the same hospital. Coincidentally, the same type of blood was required to save both granddaughter and grandmother. The hospital so happened to have only one bag of the required blood, which a scuffle happens between everyone to decide who gets the treatment first.
Knowing the situation, the brother's mother overhears the commotion and sacrificed herself, to save her granddaughter, a younger generation whom she felt deserved to live more than herself as her time already drew near.
Much later, Bao Huang's wife is released, and the entire family is more well-off as they struck first place in a lottery draw. They give offerings to their mother, thinking that she helped them financially for all her life, whether deceased or living.
The film ends as the entire family enjoys their new start of life and the three brothers learnt of their lesson.
Mini-sequel.
A mini-sequel was filmed and featured in the omnibus horror movie by Jack Neo, Where Got Ghost?.
It is the Seventh Lunar Month and three brothers - Bao Qiang, Bao Huang and Bao Hui - all pay respects to their deceased mother. They complain bitterly to their mother that they are doing poorly financially, and that their mother is not assisting them supernaturally. Soon afterwards, however, strange things begin to happen at their homes. The brothers all claim to see or hear their mother on numerous occasions. After hearing that parents dying in the night will bring bad luck to their children, Bao Qiang and Bao Huang overrule Bao Hui and urge him to bring their mother's remains to a temple.
Bao Hui attempts to bring their mother's urn and tablet to a temple, but is shocked to find it reappearing in his car later. He immediately calls his brothers to accompany him, but they think he is overreacting.
During a car journey from Malaysia, the ghostly apparition of their mother suddenly appears on the road before them, causing Bao Huang to swerve and nearly crash off a cliff. Fortunately, the brothers manage to crawl out unscathed. As they wonder over their mother's sudden appearance, they witness a massive landslide along the road ahead. By causing them to swerve, their mother actually saved their lives.
Cast.
The main characters of the movie were played by the following actors:
Critical response.
Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong reflected after seeing the film that if there are to be more cars, it will cost more money.

</doc>
<doc id="19131136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131136" title="Sancho Folch de Cardona, 1st Marquess of Guadalest">
Sancho Folch de Cardona, 1st Marquess of Guadalest

Sancho Folch de Cardona y Ruíz de Liori, ?th Lord and 1st Marquess of Guadalest, was the heir son of Alfonso Folch de Cardona y Fajardo, ?th Lord of Guadalest, and wife Isabel Ruíz de Liori, Lady of Gorga. He was a member of the House of the Viscounts of Cardona and was elevated to 1st Marquess of his Feudal Lordship.
He married María Colón de Toledo (c. 1510 –), daughter of Diego Colón and wife María de Toledo y Rojas, and had: 

</doc>
<doc id="19131143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131143" title="Zeuzera pyrina">
Zeuzera pyrina

The Leopard Moth or Wood Leopard Moth (Zeuzera pyrina) is a moth of the family Cossidae. It is found primarily in Europe. It was introduced into the northeastern United States prior to 1879 and has a range extending from Maine to Pennsylvania.
This is a highly distinctive species with a very furry white thorax marked with six black spots and heavily spotted white wings. The wingspan is 35–60 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on various deciduous trees and shrubs (see list below), feeding internally for two or three years in the stems and branches before emerging to pupate under the bark. It can be a pest of fruit production.

</doc>
<doc id="19131182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131182" title="St. Jude's Church, Mapperley">
St. Jude's Church, Mapperley

St. Jude's Church Mapperley is a parish church in the Church of England.
History.
The land for St. Jude's Church was given by the banking branch of the Wright family - Charles Ichabod Wright, Henry Smith Wright, Frederick and Theodoria Wright. 
The trustees of the church were F.B. Gill, Revd. Henry Wright, Revd. J.A. Smith, Frederick Wright and Henry Ann Norman. 
It was first opened in November 1877 to a design by Evans and Jolly. It was a daughter church to St. Ann's Church, Nottingham. The chancel was added in 1892 by W. A. Heazell.
A new church hall was built in 1970 by Eberlin & Partners.
Organ.
A pipe organ was installed in 1898 by Conacher and enlarged in 1933. It was rebuilt in 2002 by Henry Groves & Son.

</doc>
<doc id="19131185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131185" title="Midlands 4 East (South)">
Midlands 4 East (South)

English Rugby Union Midland Division – Midlands 4 East (South) is an English Rugby Union League.
Midlands 4 East (South) is made up of teams from around the East Midlands of England who play home and away matches throughout a winter season. As with many low level they are often subject to re-structure.
Corby Rugby Club are currently the inform team on a three match win steak, kicked off by beating the (then) unbeaten and current top of the table Bedford Swifts team.
Promoted teams move up to Midlands 3 East (South).

</doc>
<doc id="19131192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131192" title="Coleophora galbulipennella">
Coleophora galbulipennella

Coleophora galbulipennella is a moth of the family Coleophoridae or leaf miner. It is known from Europe, where it is found from Sweden to Spain, Italy and Greece and from Great Britain to southern Russia.
The wingspan is 15–17 mm. The moth flies in August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Silene nutans", "Silene otites", "Silene italica", "Arenaria grandiflora", "Cerastium arvense" and "Lychnis viscaria". Silene nutans can sometimes be found in the UK National Vegetation Classification habitat communities: the very widespread MG1 ("Arrhenatherum elatius" grassland), and thus can be found where Arrhenatherum elatius, (also known as false oat grass), and/or Dactylis glomerata, (cocks foot), occurs. They create a trivalved, tubular silken case of about 12 mm long. The case is yellowish white, with several characteristic dark length lines. The mouth angle is about 40°.

</doc>
<doc id="19131201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131201" title="Mark Balmer">
Mark Balmer

Mark Balmer is the senior pastor of Calvary Chapel of Melbourne in West Melbourne, Florida.
Biography.
He was a hospital pharmacy director for twenty-five years before building a new church in the Melbourne-Palm Bay area in 1992. Today more than eight thousand people come to worship each weekend on all four campuses. Mark’s teachings are available on CD, MP3, and DVD and are heard daily on the radio program, "Lessons for Living". He has written Four books, "Who’s Rocking The Boat", "Prison Break", "Living Dangerously", and "The 5 Core Commitments".

</doc>
<doc id="19131205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131205" title="2008–09 Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball team">
2008–09 Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball team

Player stats.
Updated as of March 20, 2009.Showing only the Top 5 statistic leaders.
2009 Horizon League Tournament.
First round games at campus sites of higher seeds<br>
Second round and semifinals will be hosted by Butler.
Championship will be hosted by higher-numbered remaining seed
Recruits.
The following is a list of commitments Milwaukee received for the 2008–2009 season:

</doc>
<doc id="19131233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131233" title="Richard Pilkington (1841–1908)">
Richard Pilkington (1841–1908)

Richard Pilkington (17 January 1841 – 12 March 1908) was a British Conservative politician and member of the Pilkington glass-manufacturing family.
He was the second son of Richard Pilkington of Windle Hall near St Helens, Lancashire. In 1858/9 he became a partner in the family glassworks. In 1863 he married Louisa Sinclair. He became a member of St Helens Borough Council, being elected mayor in 1896, 1897 and 1898. By this time he held the rank of lieutenant-colonel, in the Volunteer Force, commanding a battalion of the South Lancashire Regiment and was living at Rainford Hall. In December 1898 he was selected as the Conservative candidate for a by-election in the Newton constituency. He had previously been considered a Liberal Unionist. As the only candidate nominated he was elected unopposed on 16 January 1899.
Pilkington held his seat at the subsequent general election in 1900, but was defeated in 1906 by a Labour candidate.
Richard Pilkington died on 12 March 1908, aged 67. A condition in his will forbade the inheritors of his estate from permitting the construction or use of any building for the sale of intoxicating liquor.

</doc>
<doc id="19131239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131239" title="Labdia caroli">
Labdia caroli

Labdia caroli is a moth of the family Cosmopterigidae. It is endemic to the Dachigam National Park in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
The length of the forewings is ca. 4 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19131248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131248" title="Palazzo Chigi-Saracini">
Palazzo Chigi-Saracini

The Palazzo Chigi-Lucarini-Saracini is a historical palace in Siena, central Italy. It houses the Accademia Musicale Chigiana.
It was built by the Marescotti family in the 12th century. It was the house of Count Galgano Lucarini Saracini and then it became property of Fabio Chigi Lucarini Saracini.
The palace is described as a "Gothic beauty with a curved facade and back courtyard."

</doc>
<doc id="19131252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131252" title="Vulcaniella kabulensis">
Vulcaniella kabulensis

Vulcaniella kabulensis is a moth of the family Cosmopterigidae. It is endemic to Afghanistan.
The length of the forewings of the male is ca. 4 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19131254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131254" title="Chinese people in Bulgaria">
Chinese people in Bulgaria

Chinese people (, "kitaytsi"; see Cathay) in Bulgaria () form a small part of the Overseas Chinese community. According to estimates by members of the community, the Chinese in Bulgaria number around 5,000, although Bulgarian researchers put the figure at around 10,000.
Chinese are among the most recent immigrants to Bulgaria, the vast majority of them arriving after the democratic changes in 1989, and particularly from 1992 on; prior to 1989, only a dozen Chinese lived in Bulgaria. Most Chinese in Bulgaria are economic immigrants and small-scale investors in particular. The bulk of the Chinese live in the capital Sofia, particularly in the municipality of Nadezhda and its neighbourhoods of Nadezhda, Tolstoy and Svoboda. Although there is no discernible Chinatown, it is thought that one might develop in the following years. Most of the Chinese were urban dwellers in China, a large number coming from the provinces of Zhejiang and Fujian, with fewer from Sichuan, Shandong, Jilin, Beijing and Hong Kong. According to the media, 2,0003,000 Chinese immigrate to Bulgaria every year. However, with the financial turmoil in the EU and Bulgaria, this figure has greatly decreased.
The most typical and indeed most visible occupation of the Bulgarian Chinese is the management of Chinese restaurants, although they are also known as shopkeepers (with a permanent presence in Sofia's large and frequented bazaar Iliyantsi), engaging in both retail and wholesale trade. Some have also been involved in agriculture, for example producing and selling Chinese cabbage. Traditional Chinese medicine and Chinese art are also very popular. As many Chinese come from Southern China, they speak a variety of dialects (such as Min) in addition to Mandarin Chinese. Among the main factors attracting Chinese to Bulgaria is the lower competition enabling more economic opportunities for the immigrants, the availability of more personal space and the lack of a one-child policy. The Chinese in Bulgaira come from a variety of religious and cultural backgrounds; the majority are atheist, but there are also Buddhists, Confucians, Taoists, Christians, Jehovah's Witnesses, etc.
The Chinese New Year is celebrated among family circles. A magazine called "Kitay" ("China") is issued by the community in Bulgarian. The People's Republic of China has had diplomatic relations with Bulgaria since 3 October 1949: Bulgaria was the second country in the world to recognize the PRC and has not recognized the Republic of China (Taiwan). The PRC has an embassy in Sofia, which used to be located in the Yablanski House.

</doc>
<doc id="19131259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131259" title="Kričke, Šibenik-Knin County">
Kričke, Šibenik-Knin County

Kričke is a village near Drniš, in Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia. The village is situated 3 km southeast from Drniš, in Petrovo field, beneath Moseć mountain. It is 5 km long in direction NW-SE. Kričke has a shape of line in the contact of field and mountain. It is situated on the river Čikola.
During the Croatian War of Independence, Kričke was the southernmost point of internationally unrecognized Republic of Serbian Krajina in period between September 1991 and August 1995. The village is located on the D56 state route.
The village was home to a Greek Catholic church of the Eparchy of Križevci. The church was devastated by Chetnik forces in 1942.
In village there are 3 churches: Roman Catholic Church of Queen of Peace, Greek Catholic Church and Orthodox church which is oldest one.

</doc>
<doc id="19131274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131274" title="People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart">
People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart

People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart, (), is a 1967 Danish/Swedish romantic comedy directed by Henning Carlsen and starring Harriet Andersson and Preben Neergaard. The film is based upon the 1944 novel by Jens August Schade.
Awards.
"People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart" won the Bodil Award for Best Danish Film in 1968, and for her leading role, the Swedish actress Andersson also received that year's Bodil Award for Best Actress. The film was also selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 41st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="19131275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131275" title="HMS Moth">
HMS Moth

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Moth" after the insect, the Moth:

</doc>
<doc id="19131280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131280" title="George Ligertwood">
George Ligertwood

Sir George Coutts Ligertwood (1888–1967) was a Judge of the Supreme Court of South Australia (12 July 1945–14 October 1958).
Early life and education.
Ligertwood was born on 15 October 1888, in Maylands, a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. He was educated at Norwood Public school, the Pupil Teachers' school, and the University of Adelaide (B.A., 1908; LL.B., 1910) and was admitted to the Bar on 15 December 1910 and became the acting-master of the Supreme Court in 1914. 
Career.
Military and legal career.
Ligertwood enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force on 6 May 1918, returning to South Australia in 1919 to become a partner in the firm Baker, McEwin, Ligertwood & Millhouse. He was appointed as a Kings Counsel on 28 August 1930.
He served as the President of the Law Society of South Australia from 1935 to 1937 and again from 1941 to 1943. He was a member of the executive-committee of the Law Council of Australia in 1937 and in 1942–43.
Judicial career.
Ligertwood served on the bench of the Supreme Court from 12 July 1945 until his retirement in 1958. The Federal government appointed him to three royal commissions. In 1945, he was appointed Royal Commissioner by Prime Minister Ben Chifley to look into the conduct of Lieutenant General Gordon Bennett; in 1949, he took part in a commission into timber-leases in New Guinea; finally, in 1954–55 he was one of three commissioners who examined espionage in Australia.
Other roles.
From 1930–67, Ligertwood served as a governor of Scotch College, Adelaide. He held the following roles at the University of Adelaide:
Personal life.
Ligertwood married Edith Emily Naismith at the Methodist Church, Upper Sturt on 6 April 1915. He became a member of the Adelaide Club in 1929, and was a prominent Freemason.
Ligertwood died on 13 October 1967, in Adelaide.
Honours.
Ligertwood was knighted in 1956. In 1959, he was appointed royal commissioner by the Western Australian government to inquire into betting. He chaired the Federal committee on taxation (1959–61), and the South Australian committee on assessment for land tax (1962–64).
He received an honorary LL.D. from the University of Western Australia in 1963, and another from the University of Adelaide in 1964. 

</doc>
<doc id="19131287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131287" title="24th Tony Awards">
24th Tony Awards

The 24th Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by NBC television on April 19, 1970 from the Mark Hellinger Theatre in New York City. Hosts were Julie Andrews, Shirley MacLaine and Walter Matthau.
The ceremony.
Presenters: Clive Barnes, Claire Bloom, Michael Caine, Jack Cassidy, David Frost, Cary Grant, Patricia Neal, George C. Scott, James Stewart, Maggie Smith, Robert Stephens.
Musicals represented:
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19131303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131303" title="St. Martin's Church, Sherwood">
St. Martin's Church, Sherwood

St. Martin's Church is a grade II listed Church of England parish church in Sherwood, Nottingham.
History.
It was first opened in 1937 to the design of Edward Heazell in the Byzantine style. The church was consecrated by the Bishop of Southwell Re. Revd. Henry Mosley on 6 February 1937.
The consecration of the church was overshadowed by the death of the verger and his wife. Mrs. Bradley died on Saturday 6 February 1937, and Mr. John Bradley died the day afterwards.
Organ.
A pipe organ was installed in 1937 by Harrison and Harrison. It was originally installed in St. Luke's Church, Chelsea in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="19131308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131308" title="Achlya flavicornis">
Achlya flavicornis

The Yellow Horned "(Achlya flavicornis)" is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found from Europe to the eastern Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The length of the forewings is 17–20 mm. The moth flies from February to April depending on the location.
The larvae feed on birch.

</doc>
<doc id="19131320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131320" title="Fred Stewart (football manager)">
Fred Stewart (football manager)

Frederick Stewart (1872-11 February 1954) was an English football manager. Despite managing for 39 years he only ever took charge of two clubs, Stockport County and Cardiff City, and he holds the record for longest serving manager in the history of both clubs.
Career.
Stewart was appointed manager of Stockport County in 1894 and was in charge of the club when they were elected to The Football League in 1900. He remained in charge of the club until 1911 when he took over as manager of Cardiff City, making his first signing soon after by bringing one of his former Stockport players in Billy Hardy to the club, who would go on to be a lynchpin of the side during the club's success under Stewart. Due to the financial plight of the club at the time, Stewart paid Hardy's £25 transfer fee with his own money. In his second year that he began to improve the club's fortunes as they were promoted into the first division of the Southern Football League but it was after the end of World War I that he achieved his greatest success. Elected into the Football League in 1920, the club gained promotion to division one, finishing second on goal difference to Birmingham City, and reached the semi-finals of the FA Cup in its first season.
Stewart's success in the FA Cup continued as they reached the quarter-finals in two of the following three years before reaching their first final in 1925. They went on to lose 1-0 to Sheffield United, with the only goal being scored by England international Fred Tunstall, but it would only take two years before the club returned to a final, this time in 1927. They faced Arsenal and the match was tied at 0-0 until Hughie Ferguson's shot was fumbled into the net by Dan Lewis in the 74th minute, giving Stewart the record of being the only manager ever to take the trophy out of England. Unfortunately they were never able to reproduce their trophy winning exploits and the club steadily went downhill before being relegated to Division Two in 1929, just two years after their FA Cup final victory. The club's slide continued and they were relegated again in 1931, this time down into Division Three South. The low point came in 1933 when a 19th place finish saw Stewart decide to step down and retire.
After his retirement he remained in Cardiff to concentrate on his businesses. He died in 1954, aged 81.

</doc>
<doc id="19131355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131355" title="Alfredo Ott">
Alfredo Ott

Alfredo Joseph Ott III (born January 27, 1983 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American basketball player currently playing for CB Clavijo of Spain's LEB Oro. He previously played two years for the Worthing Thunder of England's EBL Division 1 (now in the BBL), and Dillard University Blue Devils of National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Division One.
College career.
Ott played college basketball at Dillard University from 2001 to 2005. He helped to lead the Blue Devils to the NAIA National Tournament in 2002 and the Sweet Sixteen in 2003. He is one of the only players from Dillard University to be currently playing professionally.
Pro career.
In the 2007–2008 season, Ott was the top scorer of HNV-Consmetal Navarra, and for the Worthing Thunder in 2006–2007.
Ott was the first player signed by HNV-Consmetal Navarra for the 2008–2009 season. In the 2009–2010 season he helped CB Clavijo to the semi-finals of the playoffs.
In 2010–11 season, played for CB Clavijo, LEB Plata and helped them win the League title and become champions of the LEB Plata division. In the summer of 2011, signed for Lan Mobel ISB.
In 2012, he signs for Palencia Baloncesto where he will debut at LEB Oro, Spanish second division and in 2013 Ott comes back to CB Clavijo but this time for playing at LEB Oro.

</doc>
<doc id="19131366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131366" title="Petri Oravainen">
Petri Oravainen

Petri Oravainen (born 26 January 1983 in Helsinki) is a Finnish footballer, who represents KuPS in the Veikkausliiga, the Finnish premier division. Oravainen, who is 177 cm tall, plays as a winger on both left and right side. He made his debut at the senior level in 2001 at the age of 18.
Club career.
Oravainen joined HJK as a thirteen-year-old. Before moving to Finnish top club's youth team, he had played in smaller junior clubs in the capital area. In 2001, he debuted in the first team and was said to be one of the most talented youth players in the league. In 2004, he was called up to the national team for the first time. However, a run of injuries disturbed his development and he could not really live up to the high expectations. He became one of the fans' favourites and especially his pace was a danger for many opponents.
He decided to take a look at playing abroad and signed a contract with FC Zwolle in Dutch Eerste Divisie in 2006. He had a good start, but after another injury to his anckle he was out for several months and lost his place in the first team. After 16 matches and 4 goals, he moved back to HJK Helsinki, where he was welcomed as the lost son. In the 2008 season he played a total of 20 league games for 'Klubi' in which he scored four times.
'Pexi' had a big share in the victory over FC Honka in the Finnish Cup 2008 final. In own Finnair Stadium the home team beat the visitors from Espoo with 2-1 after extra time. Oravainen scored the winning goal after 114 minutes with a magnificent strike from just outside the penalty box. That goal delivered HJK the 10th Finnish Cup victory in its history and the third one for Oravainen himself. This makes him the player with most Suomen Cup victories of the current HJK squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19131373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131373" title="Michel Sanchez">
Michel Sanchez

Michel Sanchez (* 1 July 1957 Somain, France). He spent much of this youth studying music (piano, classical organ percussion). Sanchez is the co-founder of the band Deep Forest with Éric Mouquet. He won a Grammy Award in 1995, and a World Award for best world music album.
In the early 1990s Sanchez mixed synthesizer with a traditional song from the Solomon Islands. This was the starting point of Deep Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19131408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131408" title="Newcastle University Library">
Newcastle University Library

Newcastle University Library is the main library service for students and staff at Newcastle University, UK. It is split into three sections:
Altogether, these three libraries make up the University Library, and it is the only such library in the United Kingdom to receive the Charter Mark award for excellence five times in a row.
The University Library has won "The Times" Higher Leadership and Management Award for the Outstanding Library Team.
Some schools within the University also have their own smaller libraries with smaller highly specialised collections. One example was the School of Computing Science which had its own library until 2010 when it was merged into the collection of the Robinson Library.
Robinson Library.
The Robinson Library is the central library for Newcastle University, and is located on Jesmond Road West. It was named after Philip Robinson, a bookseller in the city and benefactor to the library, in 1989. The subsequent £8 million bequest in the will of his widow Marjorie remains the largest sum donated to a UK university library.
The library allows students and members to access a wide variety of material, including:
The Robinson Library had a large refurbishment was completed in 2009. The Robinson Library also has its own computer cluster, as well as an open working space for students, named "Your Space". There is also a printer's and bindery office for both commercial and student use.
Walton Library.
The Walton Library, located in the Medical School, specialises in texts and resources relating to biomedical sciences, although students of any discipline are allowed to use it for study. It is named after Lord Walton of Detchant, former Dean of the Faculty of Medicine and Professor of Neurology. The library has a relationship with the Northern region of the NHS allowing their staff to use the library for research and study. In addition to book loans and computer access, the Walton Library also has a number or workstations connected for NHS users to access databases and journals.
Law Library.
Located in Newcastle Law School, the Law library specialises in providing texts for law students, although students from all disciplines may use it. Specialised student text collections exist for books that are heavily in demand, and a computer cluster is also available.

</doc>
<doc id="19131436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131436" title="Purple moor grass and rush pastures">
Purple moor grass and rush pastures

Purple moor grass and rush pastures is a type of Biodiversity Action Plan habitat in the UK. It occurs on poorly drained neutral and acidic soils of the lowlands and upland fringe. It is found in the South West of England, especially in Devon.
The vegetation consists of species-rich, semi-natural grassland containing abundant purple moor grass ("Molinia caerulea") and one or more of several creeping rushes: sharp-flowered rush ("Juncus acutiflorus"), jointed rush ("Juncus articulatus") and blunt-flowered rush ("Juncus subnodulosus").
Only 8% remains of the area thought to have existed in 1900. In the UK estimate the area is thought to be less than . Their importance is recognised and are included as a priority habitat in the United Kingdom Biodiversity Action Plan.
Etymology.
In Devon and Cornwall it is known as culm grassland, after the Culm Measures on which it is predominantly found. In East Anglia it is known as "litter meadow" due to the practice of cutting it for bedding. In Wales it is known as "rhôs pasture".
Typical grasses.
Common bent ("Agrostis capillaris"), crested dog's-tail ("Cynosurus cristatus"), floating sweet grass ("Glyceria fluitans"), marsh foxtail ("Alopecurus geniculatus"), purple moor grass ("Molinia caerulea"), red fescue ("Festuca rubra"), sweet vernal grass ("Anthoxanthum odoratum").
Characteristic species.
The Natural England Higher Level Stewardship Farm Environmental Plan handbook defines the habitat as grassland with at least two of the following species are found frequently, with another two being found occasionally.
British National Vegetative Classification.
The main British National Vegetation Classification communities associated with Purple Moor Grass & Rush Pastures include M23 (Juncus effusus/acutiflorus-Galium palustre rush pasture), M25 (Molinia caerulea-Potentilla erecta mire), M26 (Molinia caerulea-Crepis paludosa mire) and British NVC community MG10 (Holco-Juncetum effusi rush-pasture).
Management.
Natural England Guidance advocates an average grass height of for rush during April and May, increasing to in June to October, a quarter of the sward no more than for grass and for rushes - a diverse sward of shorter areas interspersed by taller tussocks.
Areas of dense litter are beneficial to over-wintering insects and small mammals, but should be less than 25% of the total area in October.
Protection.
In the UK there are a number of initiatives to help prevent deterioration and to restore these sites. These include designation as Site of Special Scientific Interests, National Nature Reserves, voluntary entry into the Environmental Stewardship Scheme by landowners, or work by voluntary conservation organisations such as the Devon Wildlife Trust. The largest area of Culm grassland in Devon is Hare's Down, Knowstone & Rackenford Moors near Rackenford and is owned by Devon Wildlife Trust. Their management regime includes controlled burning in winter and light grazing by cattle in the summer. The aim is to control the amounts of scrub and bracken without removing them completely.

</doc>
<doc id="19131486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131486" title="We Just Landed!">
We Just Landed!

We Just Landed! is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in November 2007. It is a 4 disc CD set which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19131507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131507" title="Jeetendra Singh Bundela">
Jeetendra Singh Bundela

Jeetendra Singh Bundela is an Indian politician. He is member of Lok Sabha from Khajuraho seat. He was Member of the Legislative Assembly of Madhya Pradesh, representing the Bijawar seat in Chhatarpur district. He belongs to Bhartiya Janata Party.
He started his political career from college days and was elected College President. Thereafter, he became a Panch in his small time village Bogota. He was nominated by the Party to contest the election to the Legislative Assembly of Madhya Pradesh from the Bijawar seat of Madhya Pradesh. The other adversary were powerful and erstwhile ruler Shri. Manvendra Singh from the Congress Party and the rich and affluent liquor barons from Samajwadi Party. In the last round of Bundela lost by a margin of 1500 votes to Congress Veteran. Thereafter, BJP elevated him to District President of Chhatarpur, his home district. In the subsequent election to Assembly the party decided again to field him against Congress Veteran Manvendra Singh, who was by then eleveated as Minister in the present ruling Government. Bundela had won the election leaving Congress and other party candidate by a margin of approximately 30,000 votes. After his successful tenure as a member of Legislative Assembly he was nominated to contest the Khajuraho Lok Sabha which covered Full district of Panna and partially Chhatarpur and Katni. Bundela reached Parliament of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19131533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131533" title="1976 South American Championships – Singles">
1976 South American Championships – Singles

Guillermo Vilas was the defending champion and won in the final 6–2, 6–2, 6–3 against Jaime Fillol.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19131541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131541" title="Osobowice Cemetery">
Osobowice Cemetery

Osobowice Cemetery is a cemetery in Osobowice, Wrocław, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19131543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131543" title="Northern Forest">
Northern Forest

The Northern Forest is an off-road race in St. Petersburg, Russia. It is the second event in the FIA International Cup for Cross Country Bajas season, and the second event in the Russian national season. It is a rally raid event run on ice and snow in late February. Entrants need an FIA competition license.
The rally shares some of the sections that were used in the White Nights rally. The average temperature during the rally is usually round the . 
History.
The race began in 2002 as a Russian Cup event. Two years later it became part of the Russian Championship. It became an international race in 2006, and it was added to the FIA calendar in 2007.
Eligible vehicles.
Group T1: Improved Cross-Country Cars prepared according to the Appendix. «J» of the International Sporting Code Art. 285.
Classes:
T1.1 4x4 Gasoline
T1.2 4x4 Diesel
T1.3 4x2 Gasoline
T1.4 4x2 Diesel
Group T2: Cross-Country Series Production Cars prepared according to the Appendix. «J» of the International Sporting Code Art. 284.
Classes:
T2.1 Gasoline
T2.2 diesel

</doc>
<doc id="19131562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131562" title="Mary Leadbeater">
Mary Leadbeater

Mary Leadbeater (December 1758 – 27 June 1826) was an Irish author and diarist.
Life.
Leadbeater was born in Ballitore,Athy, County Kildare, Ireland. She was the daughter of Richard Shackleton (1726–1792) by his second wife, Elizabeth Carleton, and granddaughter of Abraham Shackleton, schoolmaster of Edmund Burke. Her parents were Quakers. She was thoroughly educated, and her literary studies were aided by Aldborough Wrightson, a man of great ability who had been educated at Ballitore school and had returned to die there. In 1784 she travelled to London with her father and paid several visits to Burke's town house, where she met Sir Joshua Reynolds and George Crabbe. She also went to Beaconsfield, and on her return wrote a poem in praise of the place and its owner, which was acknowledged by Burke, 13 December 1784, in a long and eulogistic letter. On her way home she visited, at Selby, Yorkshire, some primitive Quakers whom she described in her journal. In 1791 she married William Leadbeater, a former pupil of her father, and they resided in Ballitore. Leadbeater, who traced his descent from the Huguenot family of Le Batre, was a small farmer and landowner, and his wife kept the village post office.
On her father's death Mrs. Leadbeater received a tender letter of consolation from Burke.
She had from time to time written poems, and in 1794 published anonymously in Dublin "Extracts and Original Anecdotes for the Improvement of Youth", which begins with "some account of the society of the people call Quakers", contains several poems on secular subjects, and concludes with "divine odes". She was in Carlow on Christmas Day 1796 when the news arrived that the French fleet had been seen off Bantry, and she describes the march out of the troops. On 28 May 1797 Burke wrote one of his last letters to her. Ballitore was occupied in 1798 first by yeomanry, "from whose bosom," wrote Mary Leadbeater, "pity seemed banished." Next came the quartering of soldiers on the town, the Suffolk Fencibles and the Ancient Britons, who commenced torturing and flogging the inhabitants. "The village, once so peaceful, exhibited a scene of tumult and dismay; and the air rang with the shrieks of the sufferers, and the lamentations of those who beheld them suffer," she wrote. A force of about 300 rebels then occupied the town and carried out reprisals, but who fled the following day on the approach of a force of soldiers. These soldiers in turn exacted reprisals on the locals, even killing the local doctor, Johnston. Mary Leadbeater wrote of the killing of her friend: "He was alone and unarmed when seized, and I believe had never raised his hand to injure any one." The soldiers sacked the town, burned many houses and smashed up the rest, and one of them almost killed Mary Leadbeater, who had to flee with a number of other women.
In 1808 she published "Poems" with a metrical version of her husband's prose translation of Maffæus Vegio's "Thirteenth Book of the Æneid". The poems are sixty-seven in number; six are on subjects relating to Burke, one in praise of the spa of Ballitore, and the remainder on domestic and local subjects. She next published in 1811 "Cottage Dialogues among the Irish Peasantry", of which four editions, with some alterations and additions, had appeared by 1813. The dialogues are on such subjects as dress, a wake, going to the fair, a spinning match, cow-pock, cookery, and matrimony. William P. Le Fanu (1774–1817) had suggested the design, and the object was to diffuse information about the peasantry. In 1813 she tried to instruct the rich on a similar plan in "The Landlord's Friend". Intended as a sequel to "Cottage Dialogues", in which persons of quality are made to discourse on such topics as beggars, spinning-wheels, and Sunday in the village, "Tales for Cottagers", which she brought out in 1814 in conjunction with Elizabeth Shackleton, is a return to the original design. The tales illustrate perseverance, temper, economy, and are followed by a curious moral play, "Honesty is the best policy".
In 1822 she concluded this series with Cottage Biography, being a Collection of "Lives of the Irish Peasantry". The lives are those of real persons, and contain some interesting passages, especially in the life of James Dunn, a pilgrim to Loch Derg. Many traits of Irish country life appear in these books, and they preserve several of the idioms of the English-speaking inhabitants of the Pale. "Memoirs and Letters of Richard and Elizabeth Shackleton … compiled by their Daughter" was also issued in 1822 (new edition. 1849, edited by Lydia Ann Barclay). Her "Biographical Notices of Members of the Society of Friends who were resident in Ireland" appeared in 1823, and is a summary of their spiritual lives, with a scanty narrative of events. Her last work was "The Pedlars, a Tale", published in 1824.
Besides receiving letters from Burke, Mrs. Leadbeater corresponded with, among others, Maria Edgeworth, George Crabbe, and Mrs Melesina Trench, and from the age of eleven kept a private journal. She died at Ballitore 27 June 1826, and was buried in the Quaker burial-ground there. She had several children, and one of her daughters, Mrs. Fisher, was the intimate friend of the poet and novelist Gerald Griffin.
Mrs. Leadbeater's best work, the "Annals of Ballitore", was not printed till 1862, when it was brought out with the general title of "The Leadbeater Papers" (2 vols.) by Richard Davis Webb, a learned and patriotic printer, eager to preserve every truthful illustration of Irish life. It tells of the inhabitants and events of Ballitore from 1766 to 1823, and few books give a better idea of the character and feelings of Irish cottagers, of the premonitory signs of the rebellion of 1798, and of the horrors of the outbreak itself. The second volume includes unpublished letters of Burke and the correspondence with Mrs. Richard Trench and with Crabbe.

</doc>
<doc id="19131566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131566" title="EMT (mobile operator)">
EMT (mobile operator)

AS EMT is Estonia's and one of the largest Baltic's mobile operator. Founded on 28 April 1991 as an Estonian (Eesti Telekom) Swedish-Finnish (TeliaSonera) joint company.
Headquarter in Tallinn. Traded on NASDAQ OMX stock exchanges.

</doc>
<doc id="19131575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131575" title="Adelina de Lara">
Adelina de Lara

Adelina de Lara OBE (23 January 1872 – 25 November 1961) was a British classical pianist and composer.
Early life.
She was born Lottie Adelina Preston in Carlisle, Cumberland on 23 January 1872 to parents George Matthew Tilbury (aka Preston) of Southampton and Anna de Lara. Her grandfather was the Spanish Count Laurent de Lara. Her mother was the sister-in-law of Sir Landon Ronald. She was given the performing name of Adelina de Lara after a visit to a music shop with her father, to secure her first engagement. The music shop proprietor considered the name Adelina Preston far too ‘English’ to perform under and thus suggested her mother's maiden name as a suitable replacement. She first appeared in public at the age of six, and gave recitals throughout the UK until the age of twelve.
Career.
She was educated at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt under Iwan Knorr, and studied piano with Fanny Davies and Clara Schumann, whose work she championed for most of her life. She was close friends with Johannes Brahms through her studies. As an adult, Adelina de Lara performed in public for the first time following her studies in 1891 and continued for over seventy years, making her final appearance on 15 June 1954 at the Wigmore Hall London. She made many recordings for the BBC and appeared on BBC Television on her 82nd birthday.
During World War II she played for Dame Myra Hess at the National Gallery and later in life, Sir Adrian Boult. In 1951 Adelina was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). The late Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother was both an admirer and a friend and sent good wishes for concerts on many occasions. She also worked as a teacher, her students including Eileen Joyce and many other distinguished pianists. She composed many pieces which have included ballads, song cycles, some larger-scaled works as a symphony, a "Concerto for Strings" (1938) and a suite "In The Forest" (1949) and many works for piano including two concertos and a "Symphonic Danse Fantasy" for piano and Strings. There were also two suites for strings, including 'In The Forest', which was performed in 2005, in Gloucester Cathedral by the Gloucester Academy of Music.
Adelina de Lara’s autobiography entitled "Finale" was published in 1955 and she died at the age of 89 in Woking, Surrey on 25 November 1961.
Family.
Some of Adelina de Lara's descendants are also professional musicians. She was married to Thomas Johnson Shipwright, and after her son Denis Shipwright divorced his first wife her grandson Edward, a tenor, took his mother's maiden name (Hain) as his surname. Her relations include:

</doc>
<doc id="19131611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131611" title="War of the Succession of Champagne">
War of the Succession of Champagne

The War of the Succession of Champagne was a war from 1216 to 1222 between the nobles of the Champagne region of France, occurring within that region and also spilling over into neighboring duchies. The war lasted two years and "de facto" ended in 1218, but did not officially end until Theobald IV reached the age of majority in 1222, at which point his rivals abandoned their claims.
Origins.
In the Holy Land, Henry was crowned king of Jerusalem and - to reinforce his legitimacy - married for the second time to queen Isabella, second wife and widow of Conrad of Montferrat, despite the fact that her first husband (from whom she had been forced to separate) was still alive. Henry and Isabella had three daughters and no surviving sons and so, when Henry II died in 1197, his brother inherited the county as Theobald III. Theobald III then died of a sudden illness four years later in 1201 while preparing to lead the Fourth Crusade, leaving his widow Blanche of Navarre nine months pregnant with their son Theobald IV, born after his father's death.
In 1215 Henry II's third daughter Philippa of Champagne married a nobleman from Champagne living in the Holy Land. His name was Erard of Brienne-Ramerupt, and he was a cousin of John of Brienne, king of Jerusalem. It was he who gave Philippa the idea of claiming the county of Champagne.
By 1216, despite the fact that Erard rallied most of the local barons of the county against Blanche, she had built up such strong alliances with both King Philip II as well as Pope Innocent III that Erard never gained any official legal support for his claims. From the start of the conflict, Pope Innocent III began excommunicating rebel barons, negatively affecting their efforts. Further, while Theobald IV was still an underaged youth of 13 years, he had acquitted himself so valiantly in combat at the decisive Battle of Bouvines that King Philip II threw his full support behind him (though this was also the culmination of over a decade of Blanche cementing an alliance with the monarchy, through financial ties and homage).
Course.
Beginning Maneuvers (1216).
Erard and Philippa landed in France in January 1216. On their journey to Le Puy-en-Velay, Erard was arrested by agents of the king of France but managed to escape and get to Champagne. Erard and his supporters took up a position in Noyers, which Blanche of Navarre then besieged in April 1216. That same month Erard accepted a truce and submitted the matter to the king of France for arbitration.
In July 1216, King Philip II finally heard Erard's suit at Melun, but ruled in Blanche's favor due to the overwhelming evidence she provided: the barons of the realm had sworn to support Theobald III should Henry II not return from the Holy Land, Theobald III had done homage to the king in 1198, Blanche had done homage to the king in 1201, and Theobald IV himself had made an innovative "anticipatory homage" in 1214. Blanche even provided numerous letters patent, bearing the seals of the barons who had sworn homage. Philip II ordained that the barons await the majority of Theobald IV and his assumption of his rights as Count (when he turned 21 years old in May 1222). Philip II ordered Erard and the barons to seal their own letters patent confirming the court's decision and promising to observe a truce.
Open Rebellion (1217).
No sooner had Erard returned to his holdings in Champagne than he and his rebel supporters quickly broke the truce and took up arms against Blanche. In spring 1217 war began in earnest and the local barons of Champagne, all more or less supporting Philippa, abandoned Blanche to rally to Erard. Theobald I, Duke of Lorraine took on Erard's cause, as did his brother-in-law Miles, Seigneur de Noyers, and his nephew André de Pougy, Seigneur de Marolles-sur-Seine and de Saint Valérien. The support of the Duke of Lorraine added a substantial amount of strength to the rebel forces.
Most of the fighting was concentrated in southeastern Champagne, as Blanche's forces pushed east from her capital at Troyes on the Seine river, to rebel fortresses on the Aube river (Erard's holding at Ramerupt north of Troyes) and further east on the Marne river (Joinville and Langres). Two of Blanche's most dangerous enemies were the brothers William and Simon de Joinville, both of whom broke peace treaties they had made with Blanche in 1214 to switch to Erard's side. Simon de Joinville was Blanche's own seneschal (though he had obtained the office through hereditary right, not appointment by Blanche). William was the bishop of Langres to the southeast, who also held overlordship of the county of Bar-sur-Aube.
Apart from various sieges, during the early part of the conflict Erard and his rebel barons attacked merchant caravans traveling to the Champagne fairs at Troyes and Bar-sur-Aube. However, each side soon realized that they did not want to disrupt this vital source of monetary income. During the later years of the war, therefore, Erard would agree to truces with Blanche that would last weeks or months at a time, in order for the trade fairs to occur unmolested. In return, Blanche would pay off Erard with a large fraction of the revenue from the comital taxes exacted from the trade fairs.
Foreign Intervention and Climax (1218).
The rebellion remained a localized affair, largely driven by the self-interest of the local barons, though by spring 1218 it attracted the intervention of Blanche's liege-lords King Philip II of France and Odo III, Duke of Burgundy, as well as Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor. Duke Theobald I of Lorraine had sided with rival Holy Roman Emperor Otto IV against Frederick II during the recent round of civil wars in Germany, thus their entry on opposite sides of the conflict was an extension of Hohenstaufen-Welf antagonisms. 
Emperor Frederick II, the suzerain of Lorraine, considered it a felony for Duke Theobald I of Lorraine to support a candidate he opposed, so he occupied the city of Rosheim, which he had given to Theobald I's father. Theobald I responded in 1218, retaking Rosheim and then ravaging Alsace, particularly Frederick II's vineyards. Nonetheless Theobald I lost Rosheim again when a pro-Frederick II uprising in the city killed the Lorraine garrison (massacring them in their cellars after inviting them down to sample their wines).
After two years, the papal excommunications and interdicts had also taken their toll, isolating the rebel barons. The Church's prelates in Champagne aided Blanche at the order of Pope Innocent III, with the notable exception of William, bishop of Langres, who ignored papal orders to excommunicate his own brother Simon.
Blanche's forces ravaged the lands of her traitorous seneschal Simon de Joinville, and she imposed a humiliating surrender agreement: Simon's fortresses were seized, his eldest son Geoffroy was taken hostage, and Simon was forced to transfer his ancestral castle at Joinville to his brother Bishop William as security for his good conduct.
The entry of Burgundy and Bar into the war began to turn the tide against the rebels. With the aid of Odo III of Burgundy and Count Henry II of Bar, Countess-Regent Blanche rode with her army to Lorraine's capital of Nancy in 1218 and burned the town. Blanche then joined with Emperor Frederick II to besiege the castle of Amance. The Duke Theobald I of Lorraine surrendered Amance by the end of May 1218, and officially renewed his fidelity to Blanche on June 1, at which point the rebellion largely collapsed and rebel barons started making their own separate peaces.
Securing the Peace (1218-1222).
Theobald I of Lorraine died in May 1220 under mysterious circumstances, and to seal the peace the 19 year old Theobald IV of Champagne married Lorraine's 16 year old widow, Gertrude of Dagsburg. Duke Theobald I's brother Matthew II, who succeeded in Lorraine, made peace and swore fealty to Blanche. Bishop William of Langres was elected archbishop of Reims in 1219, resulting in his fortuitous departure from the conflict. Erard renounced any claim on Champagne on 2 November 1221 and Philippa in April 1222. In return for renouncing his claims, Erard received a substantial cash settlement. The last rebel baron, Erard II of Chacernay, swore his renewed loyalty to Theobald IV in March 1222. Two months later in May 1222, Theobald IV reached the age of maturity and began his reign as count, and the triumphant Countess-Regent Blanche withdrew to the Cistercian convent of Argensolles for her retirement.
Aftermath.
Blanche and Theobald IV had centralized comital authority within Champagne, reining in the rebellious local barons and ending any pretensions of collegiate rule in the county. Theobald IV promptly divorced Gertrude as soon as he came of age and peace was secured, terminating their brief two-year-long and childless marriage, in order to marry Agnes of Beaujeu.
Unfortunately, Theobald IV's rule was initially marked by a series of misfortunes: he was accused of abandoning King Louis VIII at the siege of Avignon (1226), costing him the royal alliance he had relied on to secure his inheritance. Moreover, strong rumors began to spread that Theobald IV was having an affair with Louis VIII's widow, the Queen Regent Blanche of Castile (ruled 1226-1234), for whom he composed a poetic homage (Blanche of Castile and Theobald IV's father Theobald III were both grandchildren of Eleanor of Aquitaine). Theobald IV was becoming increasingly influential at court, and the other great counts of France were becoming resentful (it is entirely possible that the rumors of an affair with the queen regent were indeed unfounded, and merely fabricated by other barons jealous of his position at court). In general, the other barons were jealous of the strengthened County of Champagne which had emerged from the Succession War, and now presented a major rival to surrounding areas.
Whatever the case, the resentful other barons invaded Champagne from 1229-1230. Ironically, the alliances in the invasion were reversed from the arrangement they had been in during the Succession War: Count Henry II of Bar attacked Champagne from the east, prompting Theobald IV to ally with Lorraine to attack the County of Bar. Simon of Joinville, who had fought for the rebel faction during the Succession War, now allied with Theobald IV against the external threat, and aided him in ravaging Bar, which was on the northern border of Joinville's own lands. Unfortunately, the conflict with the County of Bar prompted the more powerful Duchy of Burgundy to invade Champagne from the south, led by Duke Hugh IV (his father Odo III, Blanche of Navarre's staunch ally, had died in 1218). This provoked Queen-Regent Blanche of Castile to intervene, in order to stop the spread of the conflict.
However, the fortunes of Theobald IV and Champagne dramatically shifted soon afterward, when in 1234 he became King of Navarre on the death of his uncle (after successfully outmaneuvering James I of Aragon's attempt to succeed in Navarre). Suddenly, Theobald IV became too wealthy and powerful for neighboring counts to risk fighting. This also ended Alice of Cyprus's attempt to renew the succession war, and she was paid off with a substantial cash settlement. Alice was at this time engaged in the War of the Lombards against Blanche's old ally Emperor Frederick II, so it is possible that Alice did not want to fight two wars at once, and wanted to concentrate on the direct threat to Cyprus itself. This war was based on Emperor Frederick II's attempt to claim the throne of Jerusalem and Cyprus, based on his marriage to Isabella II of Jerusalem, the young half-niece of Alice and Philippa (Isabella II's mother Maria was the daughter of Isabella I of Jerusalem by her previous husband Conrad, while Alice and Philippa were the daughters of her subsequent husband Henry II of Champagne). Maria died giving birth to Isabella II in 1212, and Isabella II died in 1228 giving birth to Frederick II's son Conrad IV, sparking the war against Frederick II over control of his son's regency.
Theobald IV spent most of his subsequent time and attention in Navarre, but the removal of external threats ensured an unprecedented era of peace and prosperity for Champagne that would last for the next five decades. Margaret of Bourbon and Theobald IV ultimately had four surviving children together, including Theobald IV's successor Theobald II of Navarre (Theobald V of Champagne), who would rule from his father's death in 1253 to 1270. Theobald IV and Margaret's two daughters Margaret and Beatrix were married to the dukes of Lorraine and Burgundy respectively, to cement peaceful relations through marriage-alliance. After Theobald II/V died childless while on the Eighth Crusade, his younger brother Henry I of Navarre (Henry III of Champagne) succeeded him for a brief but talented reign which ended when he also died in 1274, leaving only his one year old daughter (Theobald IV's granddaughter) Joan I of Navarre as his heir. Henry's wife Blanche of Artois would rule Champagne as regent for Joan until 1284, when Joan (at 11 years old, still under the regency of her mother) was married to King Philip IV the Fair of France (who was himself 16 years old). With this marriage alliance to the Kings of France, Champagne was absorbed into the royal holdings. Philip IV and Joan had three sons who each ruled as king of France in turn, because each was unable to produce a male heir. When their last son Charles IV of France died without a male heir in 1328 the Capetian Dynasty ended, resulting in Philip of House Valois (Philip IV's nephew) and King Edward III of England (son of Isabella, Philip IV and Joan's daughter, great-granddaughter of Theobald IV) entering into conflict over the succession, which began the Hundred Years' War.

</doc>
<doc id="19131624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131624" title="Bet'oul Eih">
Bet'oul Eih

"Bet'oul Eih" is Myriam Faris's third studio album, released on April 22, 2008.
Singles.
Music video director: Yehya Saade
Music video director: Leila Kanaan
Music video director:Wissam Smaira
Music video director:Wissam Smaira
Music video director:Yehya Saade

</doc>
<doc id="19131655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131655" title="C. C. MacApp">
C. C. MacApp

C. C. MacApp, pseudonym of Carroll Mather Capps (1917–1971) was an American science fiction author. He was also a long-time benefactor of San Francisco chess. He was a former president of the San Francisco Bay Area Chess League, and won the Northern California and San Francisco chess championship several times.

</doc>
<doc id="19131684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131684" title="Sea Wife">
Sea Wife

Sea Wife (1957) is a DeLuxe CinemaScope British film based on the 1955 James Maurice Scott novel "Sea-Wyf". Shot in Jamaica, the film follows a group of survivors from a torpedoed British refugee ship.
Plot.
Michael Cannon (Richard Burton) returns to London after the Second World War and places advertisements in the personal column of various newspapers ("The Daily Telegraph" distributed miniaturised copies of the newspaper showing the 'ad' at U.K. cinemas after each performance of the film), in which "Biscuit" tries to get in touch with "Sea Wife". Eventually Cannon, who is Biscuit, receives a letter summoning him to the Ely Retreat and Mental Home. There he meets an ill man nicknamed "Bulldog" (Basil Sydney). Bulldog tries to persuade Biscuit to give up the search. A flashback reveals the backstory.
In 1942, people crowd aboard a ship, the "San Felix", to get away before Singapore falls to the Japanese Army. Biscuit is brusquely shouldered aside by a determined older man (later nicknamed Bulldog) (Basil Sydney), who insists the ship's black purser ("Number Four") (Cy Grant) evict the people from the cabin he has reserved. However, when he sees that it is occupied by children and nuns, he reluctantly relents. The nun with her back to him is the beautiful young Sister Therese ("Sea Wife") (Joan Collins). Later, the "San Felix" is torpedoed by a submarine. Biscuit, Sea Wife, Bulldog and Number Four manage to get to a small liferaft. Only Number Four knows that Sea Wife is a nun; she asks him to keep her secret.
It soon becomes evident that Bulldog is a racist who does not trust Number Four. Later, they encounter a Japanese submarine whose captain at first refuses to give aid, but gives them food and water when Number Four talks to him in Japanese, though what he said is kept a secret between him and Sea Wife. 
They are nearly being swamped by a vessel which passes by so quickly they do not have a chance to signal for help, but eventually make it to a deserted island. When Number Four finds a machete, they build a raft. Number Four insists on keeping the machete to himself, which heightens Bulldog's distrust. Meanwhile, Biscuit falls in love with Sea Wife; she is tempted, but rejects his romantic advances without telling him why. 
Finally, they are ready to set sail. Bulldog tricks Number Four into going in search of his missing machete, then casts off without him. When Biscuit tries to stop him, Bulldog knocks him unconscious with an oar. Number Four tries to swim to the raft, but is killed by a shark.
The survivors are eventually picked up by a ship, and Biscuit is taken to a hospital for a long recovery. By the time he is discharged, Sea Wife has gone.
Thus, he searches for her via the newspaper advertisements. Bulldog tells Biscuit that Sea Wife died on the rescue ship. Biscuit leaves the grounds and walks past two nuns without noticing that Sea Wife is one of them. She watches him go in silence.

</doc>
<doc id="19131729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131729" title="USS Interpreter (AGR-14)">
USS Interpreter (AGR-14)

USS "Interpreter" (AGR-14) was a "Guardian"-class radar picket ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1957 from the “mothballed” reserve fleet. She was reconfigured as a radar picket ship and assigned to radar picket duty in the North Pacific Ocean as part of the Distant Early Warning Line.
Liberty ship launched in Florida.
"Interpreter" (AGR-14) was launched as Liberty Ship "SS Dudley H. Thomas" by J. A. Jones Construction Co., Inc., Panama City, Florida, 8 February 1945; sponsored by Miss Carrie Corbitt; and delivered 21 February 1945 to Merchants and Miners Transportation Co., Boston, Massachusetts. 
World War II-related service.
The ship served as an aircraft freighter during the war and later as a cargo ship for various companies. She was in the National Defense Reserve Fleet 1947-1951 and from 25 August 1953 until acquired by the Navy 5 June 1957. 
Reconfigured as a radar picket.
Renamed "Interpreter", the ship was converted to Navy use at Philadelphia Naval Shipyard and commissioned there 29 September 1958, Comdr. J. S. Craft in command.
One of a class of sixteen radar picket ships, "Interpreter" conducted shakedown exercises in the Caribbean before departing Guantanamo Bay 1 February 1959 for her new home port, San Francisco, California. 
Equipped with the most advanced long range radar and communications gear, "Interpreter" jointed the Continental Air Defense Command as part of America's vital early warning system. Operating with search aircraft for periods of 3 to 4 weeks at sea, the ship reported and tracked aircraft at great distances and controlled interceptors in the event of enemy air attack.
"Interpreter" continued regular patrols in the Contiguous Radar Barrier, for 6 years, providing a vital link in the air defense of her country.
Inactivation.
Struck 1 July 1965, "Interpreter" was turned over to the Maritime Reserve Fleet, Suisun Bay, California, where she remained until sold for scrapping 4 November 1974.
Honors and awards.
"Interpreter" personnel qualified for the following medals:

</doc>
<doc id="19131731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131731" title="Taedok Science Town Monorail">
Taedok Science Town Monorail

The Taedok Science Town Monorail is a monorail in Daejeon, built for the Taejŏn Expo '93. It still operates today as a tourist attraction. It has eight-car trains running around a loop.

</doc>
<doc id="19131733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131733" title="Robert J. Randisi">
Robert J. Randisi

Robert J. Randisi is an American author who writes in the detective and Western genres. 
He has authored more than 500 published books and has edited more than 30 anthologies of short stories. Booklist magazine said he "may be the last of the pulp writers."
He co-founded and edited "Mystery Scene" magazine and co-founded the American Crime Writers League. He founded The Private Eye Writers of America in 1981, where he created the Shamus Award.
He has co-written several mystery novels with soap opera actress Eileen Davidson: "Death in Daytime" (2008), "Dial Emmy for Murder" (2009), "Diva Las Vegas" (2010), and "Swinging in the Rain" (2011)
Notable characters appearing in some of his novels include "Miles Jacoby," "Joe Keough," "Nick Delvecchio," "Gil and Claire Hunt," Truxton Lerwis," "Eddie G." and "The Rat Pack."

</doc>
<doc id="19131749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131749" title="Ordo Militia Templi">
Ordo Militia Templi

Ordo Militia Templi is the first studio album by the Italian Black ambient/Gothic rock band Militia Christi.
Line-up.
The line-up for this album is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19131763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131763" title="Ellen Dolan (comics)">
Ellen Dolan (comics)

Dr. Ellen Dolan is a fictional character from the comic book "The Spirit", by cartoonist Will Eisner. She first appeared in "The Spirit" in March 1944. Ellen is the daughter of Commissioner Dolan.
Origin.
Ellen Dolan first appeared in the second Spirit tale, dated June 9, 1940. "The Spirit" literally bumped into her and her fiance, Homer Creep, whilst sharing a taxi which is being driven by Ebony White. In this story Ellen was still in college while the two went to visit her father, Commissioner Dolan. She asked her father if she could look through the mental ward to see some actual cases in preparation for an upcoming Psychology exam she had.
As she and Homer were looking at the different patients, Dr Cobra (who was recently apprehended thanks to The Spirit) got their attention. He claimed to be a great scientist and the police were always arresting him just as he was about to complete a major experiment. He asked them to have pity and help him escape. The naive Ellen agreed to help him, not realizing what a danger he actually was. Dr. Cobra had some men waiting for him outside and they quickly made way to one of his hideouts.
When the Commissioner realized his daughter was missing, he put his men on the case to search for her. The Spirit was listening in and agreed to help search for her. Forcing a thug to tell them where Dr. Cobra's hideout was, the Spirit was able to defeat Dr. Cobra again and save Ellen and Homer.
The Commissioner invited the Spirit to a dinner in honor of Ellen's announcement of becoming engaged to Homer. The Spirit decided to give her a gift. He gave her a make-over (which simply involved removing her glasses and loosening her hair). Homer was amazed at her hidden beauty. The Spirit then claimed his reward for saving Ellen, a reward that consisted of a passionate kiss. That kiss was enough to make Ellen reconsider her engagement.
As Ellen's character developed, she soon became fixated with winning the heart of the Spirit. She would cause situations that required the Spirit to save her in order to attract his attention.
From becoming someone who is prone to fainting when confronted with murder or monsters, Ellen becomes more inquisitive - and it is more likely that she will be the one doing the punching rather than being knocked out herself! She became more forthright and it was not atypical for her to tie up the Spirit or have a downright blazing argument with him if it would help her. And despite the Spirit's hesitations to commit, their relationship developed into a strong one over the years. On many occasions while lapsing into unconsciousness he would mutter "Ellen... " much to her delight and the annoyance of her competition.
However, up until 1950 Ellen's role was as a supporting character, she rarely got the chance to have a story to herself, unlike her father and the Spirit's assistants, who very often would get a story to themselves. But, with the November 12, 1950 section, Ellen finds herself becoming a candidate for mayor of Central City.
After appearing in successful interviews on television and radio for her candidacy, The Spirit is furious and demands that she withdraws - of course this prompts Ellen to put even more effort into becoming mayor, with such comments as, "Most men practice equality like a little boy practicing on the piano, one hour a day and then forget all about it!" The Spirit goes off to support her nearest rival, Mike Poltax (a rather apt name!) on the Prosperity Party ticket, but it looks unlikely that Poltax will win. To help matters, Poltax arranges for Ellen to be kidnapped, but the Spirit finds out and calls the police before he is himself shot. Recovering in a hospital with Ellen by his bedside, The Spirit learns that Ellen has won by a landslide and is now mayor! It made no difference to their relationship, and Ellen did quite well at the job.
Skills and Personality.
Although Ellen is typically pictured as the helpless female victim, she maintains many talents as would be found in the daughter of a career policeman. She is well trained in jujitsu and can knock out a full-grown man with her patented right hook. She's as well a crack markswoman, although she rarely carries a gun. Her skill with tactics and research have aided both her father and the Spirit on many occasions. She likewise has a natural political acumen eventually led to her becoming mayor of Central City. While she shows a good streetwise sense, she has the tradition of carrying her emotions to extreme limits. Devoted to the Spirit, she will turn her head to another handsome face if her hero shows distance. Her frailties include an inclination to gossip and breaking into tears when she feels she's "lost" a confrontation, romantic or otherwise.
In other media.
The feature film "The Spirit", written and directed by comic book writer/artist Frank Miller, was released by Lionsgate on December 25, 2008. 
Sarah Paulson is cast as Dr. Ellen Dolan, a top surgeon and the Police Commissioner's daughter. She is the only girl around tough enough to keep "The Spirit" healthy and alive. The romantic undercurrent between Ellen and the Spirit is strong in the movie, but frequently tested due to the adoration that many women feel for the Spirit. In the film, Ellen was romantically involved with Denny Colt prior to his death, and still believes that he is deceased.

</doc>
<doc id="19131787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131787" title="The Most Secret Place on Earth">
The Most Secret Place on Earth

The Most Secret Place on Earth is a 2008 film by German director Marc Eberle, dealing with the secret operation waged by the CIA throughout the sixties and early seventies against communist guerrillas in Laos, particularly in the city of Long Chen.

</doc>
<doc id="19131789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131789" title="Thomas Farnolls Pritchard">
Thomas Farnolls Pritchard

Thomas Farnolls Pritchard or Farnolls Pritchard (c. 1723–23 December 1777) was an English architect and interior decorator who is best remembered for his design of the first iron bridge in the world.
Biography.
Pritchard was born in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, and baptised in St Julian's Church, Shrewsbury on 11 May 1723. His father was a joiner. Thomas also trained as a joiner, but then developed a professional practice as an architect and interior designer. He specialised in the design of chimney-pieces and other items of interior decoration, and in funerary monuments, employing coloured marbles, characterised by Rupert Gunnis as "school of Henry Cheere". These were usually in rococo or Gothic style, and later in neoclassical style. They include monuments to Ann Wilkinson, 1756, at Wrexham, Denbighshire; the Rev. John Lloyd, 1758, and Mary Morhall, 1765, both at St. Mary's Shrewsbury; and Richard Corbet, at Moreton Corbet, Shropshire.
Pritchard worked closely with other local architects and craftsmen. William Baker of Audlem an architect and contractor used his plans to construct St John's Church, Wolverhampton. Joseph Bromfield, who worked for Pritchard initially as a plasterer, but became a very competent draughtsman and architect, appears to have taken over a large portion of Pritchard's architectural practice after Pritchard's death. 
Pritchard's houses and churches have been described as "no more than pleasant provincial work". Such work includes the rebuilding of St Julian's Church, Shrewsbury, and Hatton Grange, Shropshire.
Examples of Pritchard's interior decoration include Croft Castle, Gaines in Whitbourne, Herefordshire, Shipton Hall, Shropshire, the ballroom at Powis Castle, and chimney-pieces at Broseley Hall, The Lawns, Broseley, and Benthall Hall. He also designed the rococo drawing room at Tatton Hall, Cheshire.
Pritchard's monuments can be found in churches across Shropshire, including St Mary's Church, Shrewsbury and churches at Acton Round, Ludford and Barrow. Pritchard carried out work in Ludlow, including rebuilding the Town Jail and the Hosiers Almshouses, and making alterations to the Guildhall.
In 1769 Pritchard left Shrewsbury and moved to Eyton on Severn where he took up farming as well as continuing with his architectural work. He made various designs for bridges, none of which came to fruition, until he made plans for a bridge in cast iron to cross the River Severn in Coalbrookdale, Shropshire, adapting the principles of timber bridge-building. A modified version of his design was cast at the ironworks in Coalbrookdale in 1777–79. Pritchard died, aged fifty-four, before the bridge was completed, but his design of The Iron Bridge led to the building of the first iron arch bridge in the world. He was buried in St Julian's, Shrewsbury, where his monument also commemorates his wife, Elinor Russell, of Shrewsbury (married 1751, died 1768) and three children who died young.

</doc>
<doc id="19131793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131793" title="Greg Pitts">
Greg Pitts

Greg Pitts (born January 21, 1970) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Drew in the film "Office Space". He has taken bit roles in films and television series, including "Grey's Anatomy" and "Sons & Daughters", and was featured as "Vincent" in Allstate Insurance advertisements with sidekick Andrew Hawtrey as "Bergwood".
Pitts graduated from the University of South Florida in 1992 with a degree in Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19131797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131797" title="Ugaritic grammar">
Ugaritic grammar

Ugaritic is an extinct Northwest Semitic language. This article describes the grammar of the Ugaritic language. For more information regarding the Ugaritic language in general, see Ugaritic language.
Overview.
Ugaritic is an inflected language, and as a Semitic language its grammatical features are highly similar to those found in Classical Arabic and Akkadian. It possesses two genders (masculine and feminine), three cases for nouns and adjectives (nominative, accusative, and genitive); three numbers: (singular, dual, and plural); and verb aspects similar to those found in other Northwest Semitic languages. The word order for Ugaritic is verb–subject–object (VSO), possessed–possessor (NG), and noun–adjective (NA). Ugaritic is considered a conservative Semitic language, since it retains most of the Proto-Semitic phonemes, the basic qualities of the vowel, the case system, the word order of the Proto-Semitic ancestor, and the lack of the definite article.
Phonology.
Ugaritic has 28 consonantal phonemes, including two semivowels. And eight vowel phonemes (three short vowels and five long vowels): a ā i ī u ū ē ō. (ē and ō only occur as long vowels and are the result of monophthongization of the diphthongs “ay” and “aw” respectively).
The following table shows Proto-Semitic phonemes and their correspondences among Ugaritic, Arabic and Tiberian Hebrew:
Grammar.
Word order.
The word order for Ugaritic is Verb Subject Object (VSO), possessed–possessor (NG), and noun–adjective (NA).
Morphology.
Ugaritic, like all Semitic languages, exhibits a unique pattern of stems consisting typically of "triliteral", or 3-consonant consonantal roots (2- and 4-consonant roots also exist), from which nouns, adjectives, and verbs are formed in various ways: e.g. by inserting vowels, doubling consonants, and/or adding prefixes, suffixes, or infixes.
Verbs.
Aspects.
Verbs in Ugaritic have 2 aspects: perfect for completed action (with pronominal suffixes) and imperfect for uncompleted action (with pronominal prefixes and suffixes). Verb formation in Ugaritic is based on (like all Semitic languages) triconsonantal roots. Affixes inserted into the root form different meanings. Taking the root RGM (which means "to say") for example:
Moods.
Ugaritic verbs occur in 5 moods:
Patterns.
Ugaritic verbs occur in 10 reconstructed patterns or Binyan:
Nouns.
Nouns in Ugaritic can be categorized according to their inflection into: cases (nominative, genitive, and accusative), state (absolute and construct), gender (masculine and feminine), and number (singular, dual, and plural).
Case.
Ugaritic has three grammatical cases corresponding to: nominative, genitive, and accusative. Normally, singular nouns take the ending –u in the nominative, -i in the genitive and –a in the accusative. Using the word Malk- (king) and Malkat- (queen) for example:
As in Arabic, some exceptional nouns (known as diptotes) have the suffix -a in the genitive. There is no Ugaritic equivalent for Classical Arabic nunation or Akkadian mimation.
State.
Nouns in Ugaritic occur in two states: absolute and construct.
If a noun is followed by a genitival attribute (noun in the genitive or suffixed pronoun) it becomes a construct (denoting possession). Otherwise, it is in the absolute state. Ugaritic, unlike Arabic and Hebrew, has no definite article.
Gender.
Nouns which have no gender marker are for the most part masculine, although some feminine nouns do not have a feminine marker. However, these denote feminine beings such as ʼumm- (mother). /-t/ is the feminine marker which is directly attached to the base of the noun.
Number.
Ugaritic distinguishes between nouns based on quantity. All nouns are either singular when there is one, dual when there are two, and plural if there are three or more.
Singular.
The singular has no marker and is inflected according to its case.
Dual.
The marker for the dual in the absolute state appears as /-m/. However, the vocalization may be reconstructed as /-āmi/ in the nominative (such as malkāmi "two kings") and /-ēmi/ for the genitive and accusative (e.g. malkēmi). For the construct state, it is /-ā/ and /-ē/ respectively.
Plural.
Ugaritic has only regular plurals (i.e. no broken plurals). Masculine absolute state plurals take the forms /-ūma/ in the nominative and /-īma/ in the genitive and accusative. In the construct state they are /-ū/ and /-ī/ respectively. The female afformative plural is /-āt/ with a case marker probably following the /-t/, giving /-ātu/ for the nominative and /-āti/ for the genitive and accusative in both absolute and construct state.
Adjectives.
Adjectives follow the noun and are declined exactly like the preceding noun.
Personal pronouns.
Independent personal pronouns.
Independent personal pronouns in Ugaritic are as follows:
Suffixed (or enclitic) pronouns.
Suffixed (or enclitic) pronouns (mainly denoting the genitive and accusative) are as follows:
Numerals.
The following is a table of Ugaritic numerals:

</doc>
<doc id="19131813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131813" title="State Law (album)">
State Law (album)

State Law is a comedy album by Donnie Baker, which was first released in November 2007. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during The Bob & Tom Show's syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19131822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131822" title="1996 FIFA Futsal World Championship">
1996 FIFA Futsal World Championship

The 1996 edition of the FIFA Futsal World Championship was held in Spain. It was the third world championship held under the aegis of football's world governing body.
Draw.
The 16 teams were divided in four groups, each group with four teams.
Champions.
12–man Roster
Serginho, Marcio, Waginho, Manoel Tobias, Fininho, Sandrinho, Danilo, Choco, Vander, Bage, Clovis, Djacir 
Head Coach
Estaquio Afonso Araujo

</doc>
<doc id="19131843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131843" title="Erard I, Count of Brienne">
Erard I, Count of Brienne

Erard I, Count of Brienne (c. 1090 – c. 1120?) was Count of Brienne at the end of the 11th century. He was the son of Gautier I of Brienne, count of Brienne, and his wife Eustachie of Tonnerre.
In 1097 he fought in the First Crusade.
In 1110 he married Alix of Roucy-Ramerupt, daughter of André de Montdidier-Roucy, seigneur de Ramerupt. They had 3 children :

</doc>
<doc id="19131855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131855" title="Nosferatu, eine Simphonie des Gravens">
Nosferatu, eine Simphonie des Gravens

Nosferatu, eine Simphonie des Gravens is the first demotape by the Italian band Theatres des Vampires. All music was written by the only member of the band at the time, Lord Vampyr (at the time spelled as "Lord Vampir") and is, together with the similar Vampyrìsme, Nècrophilie, Nècrosadisme, Nècrophagie the most black-metallish album of the band.
All three songs were re-released on the 2003 bootleg compilation "The (Un)Official History 1993-2003". A new version of the song "Dominions of the Northern Empire" was released on "Bloody Lunatic Asylum", simply as "Dominions". The song "Kingdom of Vampires" was released as a bonus track on the album "Vampyrìsme...".

</doc>
<doc id="19131856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131856" title="London Buses route K1">
London Buses route K1

London Buses route K1 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, United Kingdom. The service is currently contracted to Abellio London.
History.
Route K1 is part of the K-prefix network of services run around Kingston upon Thames, introduced in 1987.
The route remained in much the same format from its introduction until a route change in 1993 saw some switching of routes between Surbiton and Kingston. Route K1 swapped with the route of service 71 between Surbiton and Kingston. At the same time, two other K-prefix routes swapped, with route K4 (a later introduction the K-prefix routes in 1990) switching with route K3. Since then, the route has remained in its current format.
The route at introduction used MCW Metroriders the first of the type to be seen on the streets of Kingston. Within five years, Dennis Darts were running on the service. The types of theses varied, with no particular allocation, with both Plaxton Pointer and Duple/Carlyle bodied examples running. Low floor vehicles were introduced following the new contract in 2001, with a batch of Plaxton Pointer 2 bodied Dennis Dart SLF single deckers introduced.
Since its introduction, route K1 has been operated solely by London United (through its Westlink subsidiary) and its successor. The contract came up for renewal in October 2007, which was again won by Transdev London. The contract specified new buses, and a batch of new Alexander Dennis Enviro200 Dart single deckers were introduced in August 2008.
The use of the 'K1' number was not the first in Kingston; in 1983 a limited stop shoppers service was introduced, running on Mondays, Thursdays & Saturdays only using Routemasters. The service briefly ran between Kingston & Chessington before being rerouted to run as a circular service via Tolworth. The route was short lived, being withdrawn in 1985.
On 29 June 2013, Abellio London commenced operating route route K1 with new Alexander Dennis Enviro200 Dart single deckers.

</doc>
<doc id="19131885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131885" title="Chris Mahaffey">
Chris Mahaffey

Chris Mahaffey (born in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American soccer player who currently plays for the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division.
Mahaffey grew up in Conyers, Georgia where he was the Georgia State 4A soccer Player of the Year at Heritage High School. He also played for several youth teams, including the Brookwood Steamers, Stone Mountain Storm, Norcross Fury and AFC Lightning which won the 2004 State Cup. In 2003, he spent a single season with the Georgia State University men’s soccer team where he was the Colonial Athletic Association Freshman of the Year. In 2004, he moved to Germany for a trial with KFC Uerdingen in the third division. In 2007, he played for the Atlanta Silverbacks U23s of the fourth division Premier Development League. In 2008, he was called up to the club’s senior team, the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19131895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131895" title="Social Democratic Party of Kosovo">
Social Democratic Party of Kosovo

The Social Democratic Party of Kosovo (, PSD) is a political party in the Republic of Kosovo. It was established on the 10th February 1990 and was second political party to be established in the newly pluralist Kosovo.
Leadership.
The current leader of the party is Agim Çeku. 
PSD currently has two deputy presidents: Fllanza Hoxha and Asllan Pushka. 
Political Position.
PSD is a center left political party. 
The party's official colour is Orange.

</doc>
<doc id="19131898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131898" title="1977 ATP Buenos Aires (April) – Singles">
1977 ATP Buenos Aires (April) – Singles

Guillermo Vilas defeated Wojtek Fibak 6-4, 6-3, 6-0 to win the April 1977 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Vilas was the defending champion.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19131900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131900" title="House of Montdidier">
House of Montdidier

The House of Montdidier was a medieval French noble house which ruled as count of Montdidier, Dammartin and Roucy. Its earliest definite member of the family was a certain Hilduin, who died before 956 and was known as "comte de Montdidier".

</doc>
<doc id="19131911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131911" title="Babayu">
Babayu

Babayu is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19131913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131913" title="Bahi">
Bahi

Bahi is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19131918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131918" title="Buigiri">
Buigiri

Buigiri is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19131921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131921" title="Main Line Broadcasting">
Main Line Broadcasting

Main Line Broadcasting is an American media company, based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Main Line Broadcasting owns 19 radio stations in four markets in the United States. The company is run by CEO Marc Guralnick. Main Line is backed by the Arlington Capital Group, a private equity company.
Main Line's operating strategy is to purchase and operate radio stations in mid-size Arbitron markets, generally those ranked between 50 and 150 in Arbitron's market size list.
History.
Main Line's first acquisition was Dame Broadcasting's 5-station group in Hagerstown, Maryland in August 2005. In December 2005, Main Line purchased four stations from MainQuad Broadcasting in the Richmond, Virginia market.
In May 2007, Main Line doubled in size with the purchase of ten stations from Radio One in the Louisville, Kentucky and Dayton, Ohio markets. In October 2008, it downsized its Louisville, Kentucky cluster as part of company-wide budget cutting. In doing so, the entire WLRS airstaff was released. WLRS retained its rock format.

</doc>
<doc id="19131943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131943" title="FORU Oceania Cup">
FORU Oceania Cup

The FORU Oceania Cup, where "FORU" stands for "Federation of Oceania Rugby Unions", is an international rugby union competition between nine countries and territories of Oceania: American Samoa, the Cook Islands, Niue, Tahiti, New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Vanuatu and Wallis and Futuna. Teams compete in varying formats, depending on the strength and number of teams involved.
The 2009 champions were Papua New Guinea, who defeated the Cook Islands 29-21 in the final.
Papua New Guinea retained their title in 2011, winning the round-robin tournament over Vanuatu, Solomon Islands and Niue.
Cook Islands defeated Papua New Guinea 37-31 on the final day of the 2013 tournament, winning the tournament from the defending champions, with Solomon Islands third, and Tahiti fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="19131958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131958" title="Phenacyl bromide">
Phenacyl bromide

Phenacyl bromide is the organic compound with the formula C6H5C(O)CH2Br. This colourless solid is a powerful lachrymator as well as a useful precursor to other organic compounds.
It is prepared by bromination of acetophenone:
The compound was first reported in 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="19131961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131961" title="Eshkol Nevo">
Eshkol Nevo

Eshkol Nevo (, born 1971 in Jerusalem), is an Israeli writer who has published a collection of short stories, two novels and a work of non-fiction. One of his novels, "Homesick", was awarded the Book Publishers Association Gold Prize (2005) and the FFI-Raymond Wallier Prize at the "Salon du Livre" (Paris, 2008). In 2008, Eshkol was awarded membership in the Israel Cultural Excellence Foundation (IcExcellence), one of the country's highest recognitions for excellence in the arts.
Life and career.
Eshkol Nevo grew up in Jerusalem, Haifa, and Detroit. He is the grandson of Levi Eshkol, the late third prime minister of Israel.
He studied copywriting at the Tirza Granot School and psychology at Tel Aviv University. 
He teaches creative writing and thinking at the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design, Tel Aviv University, Sapir College and the Open University of Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="19131966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131966" title="Ricardo Villa (composer)">
Ricardo Villa (composer)

Ricardo Villa (October 23, 1873 Madrid – April 10, 1935 Madrid) was a Spanish composer. Among his compositions are two zarzuela, "El Cristo de la Vega" and "Raimundo Lulio".

</doc>
<doc id="19131969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131969" title="Soviet Interview Project">
Soviet Interview Project

The Soviet Interview Project (SIP) was a research project conducted in the early 1980s. The project's principal aim was to learn about the life in the Soviet Union, which in turn would contribute to the disciplines of Sovietology, political science, economics and sociology.
The study had three principal goals:
The Soviet Interview Project had its origins in a meeting at the Kennan Institute in August 1979, where senior academic scholars and U.S. government specialists discussed the feasibility of such a project. One of the main obstacles was the "Kissinger rule", named after U.S. secretary of state Henry Kissinger who had established a policy against the use of federal funds for studies of emigrants from the USSR. The Kissinger rule was revoked after a successful lobbying effort, and a design phase proposal was funded by the National Council for Soviet and East European Research in November 1979.
SIP made arrangements with the Department of Defense, the Central Intelligence Agency and the Department of State during the summer of 1981 so that the National Council could fund the project. The coordinating agency within the U.S. federal government was the Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR) of the U.S. Department of State.
The research team was headed by Professor James R. Millar of the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. The team completed the draft of a general survey for the project in September 1981, developing an interdisciplinary questionnaire. The researchers decided to focus on the last “normal” period of life in the USSR, as applying for emigration could lead to marked changes in the applicant's life, thus introducing a possible bias.
The sampling frame for the SIP general survey was defined as all Soviet emigrants who arrived in the United States between January 1, 1979 and April 30, 1982, and who were between ages 21 and 70. 33,618 persons met the criteria, and 3,551 were included in the final sample. There were 2,793 respondents.
The field work for the general survey was conducted by the National Opinion Research Center.
Among the Soviet Interview Project's findings were that there was a positive relationship between education and unemployment in the USSR (as opposed to in the United States, where it was a negative relationship), that the Soviet wage system rewarded and penalized external political behavior, and that popular support for the Soviet regime was linked to the sense of material satisfaction and the perceived capability of the KGB.

</doc>
<doc id="19131994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131994" title="SMK Bukit Bandaraya">
SMK Bukit Bandaraya

Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Bukit Bandaraya (SMKBB) is a government-aided co-educational secondary school located in Bangsar, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 
School song.
Kami berikrar penuh setia,<br>
Mencapai cita,<br>
Patuh pada ajaran guru,<br>
Bapa juga ibu,<br>
Ingin jadi rakyat yang berguna,<br>
Bina nusa bangsa.
Sukan juga seni budaya,<br>
Mengikut tunas agama,<br>
Nama yang harum dibina,<br>
SM Bukit Bandaraya.
Kami berikrar penuh setia,<br>
Mencapai cita,<br>
Patuh pada ajaran guru,<br>
Bapa juga ibu,<br>
Ingin jadi rakyat yang berguna,<br>
Bina nusa bangsa.

</doc>
<doc id="19131998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19131998" title="Chali (Tanzanian ward)">
Chali (Tanzanian ward)

Chali (Tanzanian ward) is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19132001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132001" title="Chibelela">
Chibelela

Chibelela is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,787.

</doc>
<doc id="19132003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132003" title="WCHA (AM)">
WCHA (AM)

WCHA is an Oldies and Classic Hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, serving Chambersburg in Pennsylvania and Hagerstown in Maryland. WCHA is owned and operated by Main Line Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="19132004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132004" title="Milton J. Yarberry">
Milton J. Yarberry

Milton J. "Milt" Yarberry (1849 – February 9, 1883) was an outlaw, gunman and lawman of the Old West, best known for having been the first Town Marshal for Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Early life.
Yarberry was born in Walnut Ridge, Arkansas, to a family whose name was not Yarberry. He confessed this just prior to his death, to friend Elwood Maden, and that his family was respectable, and to protect them from the shame of the life he led, he would never reveal his true name, and, he never did. He also confessed to Maden that he'd been born in 1849, and that he had left his families home after being involved in the killing of a man during a land dispute, after which he fled and changed his name. All of this is recorded in the book "Deadly Dozen", written by author Robert K. DeArment. That book gives details about Yarberry, classifying him as one of the twelve least known but more dangerous gunmen of the Old West. Later research seems to indicate that he was, in reality, John Armstrong, and that he'd fled Sharp County, Arkansas wanted for murder. In 1873 he killed a man in Helena, Arkansas, fleeing once again.
Yarberry first appears in historical accounts while riding with outlaw Dave Rudabaugh and gunman "Mysterious Dave" Mather during the 1870s, beginning in 1873, operating mostly in southern Missouri and northern Arkansas. During this period, the three engaged in several robberies. When they were implicated in the murder of a prominent rancher in Arkansas, the three rode into Texas. The three separated, and Yarberry settled for a time in Texarkana, Arkansas, but in 1875 he killed a man there also, whom he suspected of being a bounty hunter. At that time, Yarberry's bounty for the Sharp County murder was $200.
He then entered Texas, and joined the Texas Rangers, serving in "Company B" of the "Frontier Battalion, stationed in Jack County, Texas. By accounts uncovered by Robert DeArment, Yarberry served honorably with the Rangers during his brief service with them, and departed in 1876, surfacing in Decatur, Texas under the name "John Johnson". He opened a saloon there, partnering with Bob Jones. However, when a bounty hunter came to Decatur, asking questions about Yarberry relating to the Sharp County murder, he sold out to his partner quickly, and left town. The bounty hunters body was found days later near Decatur, having been shot to death.
Yarberry appeared shortly thereafter in Dodge City, Kansas, and by early 1878 he was in Canon City, Colorado. There he partnered with Tony Preston, opening a saloon and variety theater. Nineteenth-century performer Eddie Foy played there while Yarberry was part owner. Foy later wrote in his memoirs that Yarberry "fashioned himself a good violinist". When Foy and his partner, Jim Thompson, completed their engagement, Yarberry owed them several weeks pay. When they were not able to collect it entirely, Thompson stole a barrel of whiskey. Foy later wrote that he was surprised that his partner was this brave, as Yarberry was known to be a dangerous man. [http://books.google.com/books?id=Z8VEeZamhvAC&pg=PA53&lpg=PA53&dq=Milton+J.+Yarberry+Albuquerque&source=web&ots=y4BePsvrw-&sig=tOdmxvhl-LYPxb4kWg1yNswZCLY&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=6&ct=result#PPA54,M1]
On March 6, 1879, the bartender of the Canon City "Gem Saloon" shot Yarberry's partner Tony Preston, wounding him severely, though he would eventually recover. Yarberry fired three shots as the man fled, missing, then joined a posse in pursuit. The man was captured a short time later, and arrested. Yarberry departed Canon City shortly thereafter, selling out to Preston. He then moved to Las Vegas, New Mexico, and began operating a brothel catering to the railroad workers. He was suspected of robbing and murdering a freighter during this period, but never charged. In late 1879, he shot and killed a man named John Morgan in the "Rincon Hotel", allegedly over a prostitute.
Selling his share in the brothel, Yarberry moved to San Marciel, New Mexico, where his former partner Tony Preston had now settled, still recovering from his being shot earlier in the year. Shortly after arriving, Yarberry became involved in an affair with Sadie Preston, Tony Preston's wife, although it is likely the affair had begun much earlier in Canon City. When Yarberry left San Marciel, Sadie Preston and her 4-year-old daughter went with him.
Lawman career.
Yarberry and Sadie Preston moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico, where he befriended Bernalillo County, New Mexico Sheriff Perfecto Armijo. With Armijo's support, Yarberry was appointed as Albuquerque's first Town Marshal in 1880. Yarberry quickly proved to be a very good lawman, and killed two men only a short time after accepting the position, during arrest situations. However, Harry A. Brown, a self-proclaimed gunman, drifted into town sometime around the beginning of 1881. In 1876, Brown had played a minor role in thwarting a robbery committed by Dave Rudabaugh and other riders, near Kinsley, Kansas. Although never known to have shot anyone, he bragged of how many men he'd killed, and quickly gained a reputation in Albuquerque as a heavy drinker, with a temper and a habit of pulling his gun with little provocation.
Sadie Preston and Brown became acquainted, and by February, 1881, the two were involved romantically. On the night of March 27, 1881, Brown and Sadie Preston were having dinner at "Gerard's Restaurant". Yarberry was not aware that the two were involved, and Sadie had left her young daughter at home in his care, while she was out with Brown. John Clark, a coach driver, took the couple to the restaurant, and would be the only eyewitness to what happened next.
According to reports of the day, Brown and Sadie entered the restaurant, and shortly thereafter Yarberry appeared, walking up the street holding the hand of the young Preston daughter. Brown, evidently hearing that Yarberry was seen walking toward the restaurant, walked outside the doorway. Yarberry walked past him with the little girl in tow, took her inside, then a couple minutes later he came back outside and began speaking with Brown. According to Clark the two became increasingly irate.
The two men walked to a nearby vacant lot, and continued arguing, during which time Brown repeatedly told Yarberry he was not afraid of him. Sadie Preston then appeared from the doorway of the restaurant, and called for Brown. Immediately, Brown hit Yarberry in the face, while at the same time Brown drew his pistol. Brown fired once, creasing Yarberry in the hand, at which point Yarberry drew his own pistol and shot Brown twice, in quick succession, in the chest. Brown died immediately. [http://books.google.com/books?id=Z8VEeZamhvAC&pg=PA53&lpg=PA53&dq=Milton+J.+Yarberry+Albuquerque&source=web&ots=y4BePsvrw-&sig=tOdmxvhl-LYPxb4kWg1yNswZCLY&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=6&ct=result#PPA65,M1]
Sheriff Armijo arrived shortly thereafter, and reluctantly took Yarberry into custody. Several witnesses testified in a preliminary hearing that Brown had repeatedly announced publicly that he intended to kill Yarberry, and due to this as well as Brown having fired first, Yarberry was cleared on the grounds of self defense. For unknown reasons, several prominent people in town expressed dissatisfaction with the results of the hearing, and called for a Grand Jury indictment, which did convene in May, 1881. Yarberry's attorney, S.M. Barnes, produced a parade of witnesses on Yarberry's behalf, and on May 19, 1881, Yarberry was acquitted.
However, less than a month after the acquittal, Yarberry killed again. On June 18, 1881, Yarberry sat on the front porch of his friend Elwood Maden's home, conversing with gambler Monte Frank Boyd. As they talked, a shot was heard coming from the direction of the "R.H. Greenleaf Restaurant", and both Yarberry and Boyd ran to that location. What happened next is confusing, as no one was quite certain. Yarberry asked a bystander who fired the shot, to which the bystander indicated by pointing at a man who was walking away. Yarberry called to him, telling him to halt, he wanted to speak with him. Within seconds, three shots were fired, and Charles D. Campbell lay dead.
Sheriff Armijo arrested both Yarberry and Boyd for the shooting. Yarberry claimed that Campbell, who was not known to Yarberry but who had a reputation as someone who drank too often, had turned toward him with a gun, and thus he fired in self-defense. One of his bullet wounds was in the back, but Yarberry claimed that the bullet in the back had to have come from when Campbell's body spun after being hit in the front. Campbell was armed, but no one could testify that his gun was out when he was shot. Again Yarberry, as well as Boyd who fired at least two rounds, was cleared in a preliminary hearing. This led to a loud public outcry, despite evidence at the time indicating that Yarberry had acted in good faith, in self-defense.
Boyd left town, heading to Arizona, where he is alleged to have been killed by Navajo Indians the following year. Yarberry was again jailed, with anticipation of another Grand Jury hearing. On May 11, 1882, a Grand Jury indicted Yarberry for the murder of Campbell. The New Mexico Governor Lionel Sheldon, having newly taken office, and doing so in a time when news stories of Billy the Kid and John Kinney were rampant, was intent on making an example out of Yarberry.
The New Mexico Attorney General, William Breedon, handled the case for the prosecution, assisted by Arnet R. Owen. For the defense, Yarberry was represented by Jose Francisco Chavez, I.S. Trimble, and John H. Knaebel. Witness Thomas A. Parks, an attorney from Platt City, Nebraska, brought forth the most damaging testimony, when he stated he saw the entire event, and stated further that he saw no gun in Campbell's hands. Campbell's pistol that he had in his possession had been fired, and Yarberry claimed he'd fired it at least once at him. No one could counter this, aside from Parks, who claimed this was false. Yarberry also claimed he had fired only one time, hitting Campbell in the front. Yarberry stated adamantly that he shot Campbell because Campbell tried to shoot him, and he never varied from that.
The trial lasted three days, after which Yarberry was convicted and sentenced to hang. Yarberry insisted he had been "railroaded", and that he had acted correctly and in self-defense. On September 9, 1882, Yarberry and three others escaped from the Santa Fe, New Mexico jail, and he quickly found that a $500 bounty had been placed on him. The other prisoners were captured quickly, and Santa Fe County Sheriff Romulo Martinez organized a posse to hunt down Yarberry.
On September 12, 1882, a posse led by Santa Fe Police Chief Frank Chavez captured Yarberry twenty eight miles outside of town. Five months later his appeal was denied. Attorney John Knaebel filed appeals and sent letters all the way to Washington, D.C., insisting his client was innocent of murder, but to no avail. In his final interview, Yarberry was told by the reporter that he looked pale, to which he replied, "Maybe. But I ain't sick, and I ain't scared either."
On February 9, 1883, under a guard provided by order of the governor, made up of the "Governor's Rifles", a New Mexico militia, Yarberry was marched to the gallows. His close friend, Sheriff Perfecto Armijo, was tasked with pulling the lever to hang him. Sheriff Armijo had staunchly supported Yarberry throughout the process, and also insisted he was being hanged unjustly. Yarberry requested that Colfax County Sheriff Mason T. Bowman take Sheriff Armijo's place, to save his friend from the task, but Sheriff Bowman declined. Over 1,500 people were in attendance to watch the hanging. As Sheriff Armijo pulled the lever, Yarberry proclaimed, "Gentlemen, you are hanging an innocent man." [http://books.google.com/books?id=Z8VEeZamhvAC&pg=PA53&lpg=PA53&dq=Milton+J.+Yarberry+Albuquerque&source=web&ots=y4BePsvrw-&sig=tOdmxvhl-LYPxb4kWg1yNswZCLY&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=6&ct=result#PPA65,M1]
After his death, Yarberry's supporters in Albuquerque continued to state, often publicly, that he was unlawfully and wrongfully condemned. Sheriff Armijo never wavered from his support of Yarberry. Many claimed that Yarberry was only convicted due to the more powerful and well-to-do citizens of Albuquerque believing that he hurt the reputation of the town, simply due to the fact that he was involved in numerous shootings. Sheriff Armijo claimed that whether innocent or not, it mattered little to the prominent people of the town, who were more concerned with the town's image.

</doc>
<doc id="19132008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132008" title="Kyle Moore">
Kyle Moore

Kyle Moore (born October 25, 1986) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the fourth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Southern California. He has also been a member of the Detroit Lions, Buffalo Bills and Chicago Bears.
Early years.
An army brat born in Germany, Moore attended Houston County High School in Warner Robins, Georgia, where he was named Georgia Class 5A Defensive Player of the Year as a senior defensive lineman. He had 93 tackles, 22 sacks, 18 deflections, 8 forced fumbles, 2 fumble recoveries and 1 blocked punt (for a touchdown) in 2004.
As a junior in 2003, he made All-Middle Georgia, All-Region and All-County while getting 110 tackles, 23 tackles for loss and 15 sacks. Moore was rated a Four-Star recruit and chose USC over Miami.
College career.
At USC, Moore served as a backup defensive end as a true freshman and sophomore. In 2007, he did a solid job while starting at defensive end, recording 35 tackles, including 3.5 for losses of 29 yards (with 2 sacks for 20 yards), plus 2 interceptions that he returned 38 yards (19.0 avg.), 5 deflections, 1 forced fumble and 1 fumble recovery.
In 2008 Moore had arthroscopic surgery on his knee prior to 2008 spring practice, which limited him in spring drills. He started at defensive end alongside Everson Griffen.
Moore was one of twelve USC players invited to the 2009 NFL Scouting Combine.
Professional career.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Moore was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the fourth round (117th overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. Played in 15 games in 2 years due to injuries. Started 7 career games as a Buccaneer. He was released on September 2, 2011.
Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills signed Moore off of the Detroit Lions' practice squad on November 15, 2011.
Chicago Bears.
On April 9, 2013, Moore was signed by the Chicago Bears. He was waived on August 25.

</doc>
<doc id="19132009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132009" title="Chikola (Dodoma Rural ward)">
Chikola (Dodoma Rural ward)

Chikola is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,169.

</doc>
<doc id="19132017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132017" title="DRDO Rustom">
DRDO Rustom

Rustom (English: "Warrior") is a Medium Altitude Long Endurance unmanned combat air vehicle (UCAV) being developed by DRDO for the three services, Indian Army, Indian Navy and the Indian Air Force of the Indian Armed Forces. Rustom is derived from the NAL's LCRA (Light Canard Research Aircraft) developed by a team under the leadership of late Prof. Rustom B. Damania in the 1980s. The UAV will have structural changes and a new engine. Rustom will replace/supplement the Heron UAVs in service with the Indian armed forces.
Design and development.
Rustom-1's basic design is derived from the NAL light canard research aircraft (LCRA). The aircraft has been named after Rustom Damania, a former professor of IISc, Bangalore who died in 2001. DRDO decided to name the UAV after him because it is derived from National Aerospace Laboratories' light canard research aircraft (LCRA) developed under Rustom Damania’s leadership in the 1980s.
With the Rustom MALE UAV project, DRDO intends to move away from traditional ways of developing products whereby laboratories under DRDO, like the Aeronautical Development Establishment (ADE), which is involved in this project, develop and finalise the product and transfer technology to a production agency.
DRDO will follow a practice of concurrent engineering where initial design efforts also take into consideration production issues, with the production agency participating in the development of the system right from the design stage. The agency will also follow up issues related to infrastructure and expertise for the product and its support, thereby overcoming time delays in crucial projects.
Rustom-1 which bears an uncanny resemblance to Rutan Long-EZ designed by Burt Rutan has a wingspan of 7.9 metres and weighs 720 kg, will be launched by the conventional method and not the launcher as in the case of the DRDO Lakshya. Rustom will be able to see the enemy territory up to a distance of 250 km and carry a variety of cameras and radar for surveillance.
Rustom-H, built on a different design, owes nothing to Burt Rutan's Long-EZ design. It is a Medium-Altitude Long-Endurance (MALE) Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (MALE UAV), a twin engine system designed to carry out surveillance and reconnaissance missions. Rustom H will have a payload capacity of 350 kg.
The range of advanced technologies and systems include the following:
Variants.
There will be three variants of the Rustom UAV.
Current status.
The Indian government has allowed the development of the Rustom MALE UAV project in association with a production agency cum development partner (PADP). The ADE officials indicated that the requests for proposals (RFP) would shortly be issued to four vendors which are the Tatas, Larsen and Toubro, Godrej and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited-Bharat Electronics (joint bid) who were chosen out of the 23 firms that responded.
Currently, negotiations are underway between these companies and the three Indian armed forces since the private majors are looking for support and commitment from them before they start executing any development and production plans. This is because of the fact that the chosen PADP will also have a financial stake in the Rustom project. The Armed Forces would also be asked to take up a financial stake and the Indian government may have to guarantee that a specific number of Rustom UAVs will be bought.
Rustom-1.
The first flight of Rustom-I UAV took place on 16-11-2009 at the Taneja Aerospace Air Field near Hosur. The demonstration resulted in the prototype crashing to the ground. Stated by the DRDO, the taxiing and takeoff was exactly as planned. Due to misjudgment of altitude of the flight, the on-board engine was switched off through ground command which made the on-board thrust developed to go to zero.
Despite the mishap, the state-owned Defence Research and Development Organisation stated: "The flight proved the functioning of a number of systems such as aerodynamics, redundant flight control, engine and datalink, which go a long way towards the development of a complex UAV."
The second "maiden" flight took place on 15th Oct 2010. In this test flight, the UAV flew for 30 minutes at an altitude of 3000 feet. The test was conducted in Hosur. The Indian army was impressed with Rustom-1 and will use it as a MALE UAV.
Rustom-1 made its 5th successful flight on morning of 12 Nov 2011, flying for 25 minutes at 2300-ft AGL at a speed 100 Knots. It completed its 8th successful flight on 8 Dec 2011. It flew at an altitude of 6000-feet (max) and at a speed of 90 knots (max) during its 30 minutes flight near Hosur, claims DRDO. The highlight of the flight was that Rustom-1 was test flown with the 'gimbal payload assembly carrying daylight TV & Infra-Red camera for the first time. Good quality pictures were received from the camera in gimbal payload assembly.
The 14th Successful Flight of Rustom-1 was reported on 8 May 2012, with the attainment of about 11500 ft above ground level and speed
of above 140 Kmph during 2 hrs 10 minutes of operation.
Rustom-2.
Rustom-2 is an unmanned combat air vehicle (UCAV) developed by India on the lines of the American Predator drones.
In October, 2010 A senior DRDO official stated, 
In February 2012, ADE Director P S Krishnan stated, 
Specifications.
Specifications of "Rustom-1" and "Rustom-H" are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19132019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132019" title="Chilonwa">
Chilonwa

Chilonwa is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,520.

</doc>
<doc id="19132024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132024" title="Chinugulu">
Chinugulu

Chinugulu is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 4,165.

</doc>
<doc id="19132028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132028" title="Chipanga">
Chipanga

Chipanga is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,212.

</doc>
<doc id="19132031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132031" title="List of counts of Roucy">
List of counts of Roucy

This article is a list of the counts of Roucy. In medieval France, Roucy was a county held by a succession of noble families.
First counts.
c.950-967 : Renaud of Roucy, count of Roucy and of Reims († 967)
967-c.1000 : Gilbert of Roucy, count of Roucy and viscount of Reims († v.1000), son of the former
c.1000-1033 : Ebles I of Roucy, count of Roucy and archbishop of Reims (1021–1033)

</doc>
<doc id="19132032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132032" title="Dabalo">
Dabalo

Dabalo is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,627.

</doc>
<doc id="19132044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132044" title="Ichoria">
Ichoria

Ichoria is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19132048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132048" title="Idalus">
Idalus

Idalus is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19132053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132053" title="Idopterum">
Idopterum

Idopterum is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19132055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132055" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1952–1954">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1952–1954

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1952 to 21 May 1954. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19132056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132056" title="Anemone oregana">
Anemone oregana

Anemone oregana is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names blue windflower, Oregon anemone, and western wood anemone. It is native to the forests of the west coast of the United States. This is a perennial herb growing from a thick rhizome to a maximum height of 25 to 30 centimeters. There is usually a single basal leaf made up of three large leaflets on a long petiole. There are sometimes more leaves along the mostly naked stem. The inflorescence has three leaflike bracts and a single flower. The flower has no petals but 5 to 7 petal-like sepals in any of several colors, usually blue or purple but sometimes reddish, pink, white, or bicolored. In the center of the flower are up to 75 thin stamens. The fruit is a cluster of achenes.

</doc>
<doc id="19132057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132057" title="Ilemodes">
Ilemodes

Ilemodes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19132062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132062" title="Ebles I of Roucy">
Ebles I of Roucy

Ebles I of Roucy (died 11 May 1033) was count of Roucy from 1000 to 1033 and archbishop of Reims from 1021 to 1033. His father was Giselbert, Count of Roucy and Reims.
He married Beatrix, the daughter of Reginar IV, Count of Mons and Hedwig of France (daughter of Hugh Capet).
Descendants.
His daughter, Alice, married Hilduin IV of Montdidier.
Alice's son was Ebles II of Roucy.
Alice's daughter, Margaret de Roucy, married Hugh, Count of Clermont. Their daughter, Adeliza, married Gilbert Fitz Richard. 

</doc>
<doc id="19132063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132063" title="Cilix glaucata">
Cilix glaucata

The Chinese Character ("Cilix glaucata") is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found in Europe, Asia Minor and North Africa.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The moth flies from April to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Rubus", "Crataegus" and "Prunus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19132067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132067" title="International Ibsen Award">
International Ibsen Award

The International Ibsen Award (Norwegian: "Den internasjonale Ibsenprisen") honours an individual, institution or organization that has brought new artistic dimensions to the world of drama or theater. The committee consists of senior figures in the international theatre community. It was established by the Norwegian government in 2008.
The winner is announced on Ibsen's birthday, 20th March, and the prize is of NOK 2,5 millions. It is awarded at the Norwegian National Theatre's Ibsen festival every other year. The first laureate was Peter Brook who received the prize on 31 August 2008 during the Ibsen Festival at the Nationaltheatret. The chair of the jury was Liv Ullmann. In 2011 the prize was made biennial, with the next awarding scheduled for September 2012. It was announced on the 20th March that the 2012 award will go to Heiner Goebbels. .
The International Ibsen Award has two predecessors, the Norwegian Ibsen Award and the Ibsen Centennial Commemoration Award, which was only awarded in 2006/2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19132075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132075" title="Inopsis">
Inopsis

Inopsis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19132081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132081" title="Fufu (Tanzanian ward)">
Fufu (Tanzanian ward)

Fufu (Tanzanian ward) is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.
See also.
Dodoma Region

</doc>
<doc id="19132091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132091" title="Viksund Yachts of Norway">
Viksund Yachts of Norway

Viksund Boats AS is a Norwegian motor yacht builder, currently owned by Rune Viksund .
Started in 1966 by Erling Viksund, the company presently builds motor yachts in its original Strusshamn base. Situated in idyllic surroundings on the island of Askøy just outside Bergen.
History.
The company was formed in 1966, establishing themselves in an old Seafarm-house in Bergen. This is where the first Viksund boat ever was launched, the Viksund 25 Sabbcruiser.
Being among the pioneers in fibre glass boat building in Norway, there was a bit of a scepticism in the market. Theses sceptics was quickly overwon, and it didn't take the Viksund company many years to outgrow their production facility. By the late 1960s the course was set for Strusshamn, where the factory is situated today.
The Viksund company established themselves as one, if not, the biggest Norwegian boat-building companies throughout the 1970s and the 1980s. At this time they were producing both fishing vessels, and commercial vessels. The export was big, and boats were delivered to countries as far away as Africa, the far east, South America and the US. Today you will find both old and new Viksund boats worldwide.
In the late 1980s the company was hit hard by a fall in the market. The company had to undergo a re-structure, but sat sail for the 1990s with optimism. New models were developed, and by the late 1990s the Viksund company were yet again among the biggest boat building companies in the nation.
Throughout the last ten years, the company has staked a new course now focusing exclusively on building motor yachts ranging from 30–40 feet. Today the company produces the models Viksund 320, Viksund 340 St Cruz, and the Viksund 360 St Cruz . They are also developing a new model the Viksund 390 St Cruz, which is to be launched by the spring of 2009.
Viksund today.
The company is now employing approximatively seventy people with a yearly turnover around 18,5 million USD (2007). Viksund is producing about 80 yachts a year, and is run by founder Erling Viksunds son Rune Viksund.
The export rate of the company is around 35% and the main export countries are Denmark, Sweden, Iceland, the Netherlands, Germany, Switzerland and Russia.
Viksund Yachts of Norway are well known for producing yachts for 365 days of use. Situated on the rough western coast of Norway they are equipped with one of the best testing areas for boats, the north sea. This is probably also why they have had the slogan "renowned for safety at sea" throughout their over forty years of existence.
In 2008 Viksund Asia opened a new production and distribution point in Negombo, Sri Lanka. The boats are distributed to Maldives and other Asian countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19132098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132098" title="Handali">
Handali

Handali is an administrative ward in the Chamwino district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,031.

</doc>
<doc id="19132101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132101" title="Haneti">
Haneti

Haneti is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,791.

</doc>
<doc id="19132105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132105" title="Chiang Mai Zoo Monorail">
Chiang Mai Zoo Monorail

The Chiang Mai Zoo Monorail transports passengers around the Chiang Mai Zoo. The trains are air conditioned and carry 50-70 passengers. The fare is ฿150 for adults and ฿50 for children.

</doc>
<doc id="19132116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132116" title="Oldenburg G 7">
Oldenburg G 7

The Oldenburg G 7 steam locomotive was a German 0-8-0 locomotive produced for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways ("Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Eisenbahn"). It was an eight-coupled engine, intended for heavy goods train duties, and was based on the Prussian G 7. It had a 1,660 mm diameter boiler located 2,820 mm above the top of the rails in the plate frame, and was equipped with a single Walschaerts valve gear as well as a Lentz valve gear. Thirteen were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn, grouped into DRG Class 55.62 and given numbers 55 6201–55 6213.

</doc>
<doc id="19132117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132117" title="2008 Red Square demonstration">
2008 Red Square demonstration

The 2008 Red Square demonstration was a political demonstration that took place on August 24, 2008, at the Lobnoe Mesto in Moscow. Russia, in reference to the 1968 Red Square demonstration. The demonstration involved seven protesters unfurling a banner with the slogan For Your Freedom And Ours (Russian: "За вашу и нашу свободу"), before police arrived at the scene several minutes later. The police officers detained several protesters and spectators, and tried to destroy all record of the event.
Historic context.
The demonstration was a reference to the 1968 Red Square demonstration, in which seven Russians protested against the Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia (see Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia). The 2008 demonstration was organized to express the sentiment that the Russian Federation had reverted to such Soviet customs, an impression fueled by the inconsistency of official notices published in the media during the war in South Ossetia.
Events and aftermath.
At noon on 24 August 2008, the protesters unfurled a banner reading For Our Freedom And Yours, and began to shout that slogan.
After several minutes, they started explaining their views to spectators, distributing notices, and answering questions. The basic views of the protesters included the following:
One police officer subsequently approached the protesters and requested that they leave the area. The protesters complied and began walking along the Red square along with the officer; other officers subsequently joined the group. The protesters handed the banner to the police officers and left the Red Square; only three of them, Dmitroshkin, Zboroshenko and Ninenko, were detained, along with several spectators who took pictures and recorded videos of the event. These pictures and videos were destroyed, and one camera was reported to have been broken by the police. Four journalists were amongst the detained spectators, namely
The detained individuals were sent to the Kitai-gorod police department, where the police officer major Selishev (Селищев) dealt with them. At 12:20pm, all the journalists were released except Kostuchenko, who insisted that the police officers state officially that they had broken her camera. The actions of detained persons were classified as "violation of rules of public events" (article 20.2 of the Offences Code of Russia, "not following the rules of proceedings of a public protest").

</doc>
<doc id="19132132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132132" title="Said Boualam">
Said Boualam

Said Boualam (1906–1982) was an Algerian, born at Souk Ahras. He was a colonel in the French Army, and the founder of the Front Algérie Française, a political and militant movement in favour of French Algeria.
He was elected a "député" during the Fifth Republic for Orléansville, for the party "Regroupement national pour l'unité de la République" (RNUR) in 1958. On 26 September 1959 he survived an attempted murder.
In 1960 he was responsible for the creation of the "Front Algérie Française", which despite its rapid popularity was banned by the French government after less than a year. After the group was disbanded he retired to France in 1962. He died on 8 February 1982 at Mas-Thibert, about from Arles.
From 1958 to 1962, Boualam was four times elected vice-president of the National Assembly, becoming a symbol of pro-French Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="19132137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132137" title="Drepana falcataria">
Drepana falcataria

The Pebble Hook-tip ("Drepana falcataria") is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found in Europe, through Siberia to East Asia.
The wingspan is 27–35 mm. The moth flies from April to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Birch and sometimes Alder.

</doc>
<doc id="19132150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132150" title="Kokan Popović">
Kokan Popović

Kokan Popović is a Serbian drummer notable for playing in bands Idoli and Propaganda.
Biography.
Getting interested in music, first bands.
Popović was born in Belgrade and lived at Alekse Nenadovica street connecting "Slavija" and "Metropol" hotel, inhabited by people from highest social positions, such as lawyers, politicians, musicians, sportsman, etc., to the lowest, such as prostitutes, drug dealers, thieves, etc.
In his early youth he brought some LP compilations of Opatija festivals and played them while using a wooden cigarette box as a drum and after hearing The Who's album A Quick One, he decided to become a drummer. 
His real drum practices started after moving to Bombay with his father (then being in Yugoslavian Foreign Services), Dejan and mother Božica (sister Dubravka - stood in Belgrade) where he, for the first time, had the chance to practice on a real drum set. His first live appearance was at a Bombay college anniversary.
On return to Belgrade Popović first joined the band Dag, with whom he recorded a single "Voz" / "Smiljana" in 1973. After Dag, he formed a hard rock trio Jocker, and then Jesen before joining the band of Slađana Milošević.
Zvuk Ulice and Propaganda.
In 1976, guitarist and singer, Vlada Divljan, and bass guitarist, Zdenko Kolar, formed a band called Merlin. The band also included Popović on drums, keyboard player Dragan Mitrić, Bora Atić on saxophone and Dragana Milković on piano and vocals. Beside their own songs the band often performed songs by Jimi Hendrix, The Beatles and The Rolling Stones. Their musical style was a combination of melodic rock, jazz rock and hard rock. The band often performed at Belgrade's SKC (Studentsk Kulturni Centar AKA SKC or Students Cultural Centre), appeared on the last BOOM festival in Novi Sad and Zaječar Guitar festival. They did not have any releases, but had some recordings, recorded in Radio Belgrade studio, which were broadcast from time to time.
In early 1979 Popović's future wife got pregnant (gee, I didn't noticed that one?) and he also had to serve the Yugoslav People's Army which caused the breaking up of the band. He made a two year break and joined Idoli.
In 1982 Popović (guitar, vocals) with Mitrić (keyboards), Branko Isaković (bass, rhythm guitar) and Nenad Morgenstern (percussion) formed the off project Propaganda. The band recorded only one album, "Apatija javnosti" which partially featured material from Zvuk Ulice period. The sound was a Pop rock combined with other musical forms. After the album release, the band split up.
Idoli.
Popović joined Idoli as a replacement for Boža Jovanović. The band started recording their first long play album in Radio Belgrade studios during the late 1981 and early 1982. "Odbrana i poslednji dani" surprised the critics as much as the fans. It got the name by a Borislav Pekić book with the same title on which the whole album is based on. It is a complex concept album dealing with an anthropological approach towards orthodoxy. Since the album was sold in only 50,000 copies, which was considered a failure by Jugoton the band had to completely turn towards commercial music.
The next release was the album "Čokolada" featuring bassist Branko Isaković instead of Zdenko Kolar who went to serve the Yugoslav People's Army. It was recorded in London with producer Bob Painter who completely changed the band's style. The record was sold in 350,000 copies which was a record at that time in Yugoslavia.
Even though the band had a successful tour, the relationships between the band members became colder. After the Ljubljana show due to a quarell, Idoli ceased to exist.
The last release as Idoli was a soundtrack album for "Šest dana juna" which was written by Divljan while the rest of the band recorded their parts.
Post-Idoli career.
After Idoli disbanded Popović joined the band Mučenici and also played with a super-session band Kod Tri Balona (featuring Disciplina Kičme bassist Dušan Kojić Koja and Električni Orgazam guitarist Branislav Petrović Banana).
In the early nineties he moved to Johannesburg, South Africa and formed his own band The Traitors. The lineup featured Belgrade musicians living in Johannesburg: Popović on rhythm guitar and vocals and Marka Benini on drums, with musicians from South Africa Derrick Skihippers (lead guitar) and Kahlan Merchant (bass guitar). The band performs a heavier version of rock and roll standards.
In 2006 Kokan & The Traitors performed in Belgrade and Zdenko Kolar appeared as guest musician.

</doc>
<doc id="19132157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132157" title="Ibihwa">
Ibihwa

Ibihwa is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,281.

</doc>
<doc id="19132160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132160" title="List of counts of Mâcon">
List of counts of Mâcon

This article is a list of the counts of Mâcon. In medieval France, the county of Mâcon was a county centred on the town called Mâcon in the southern half of medieval Burgundy, in what is now Saône-et-Loire (Mâconnais).
Carolingian counts.
869-883 : Theodoric of Vergy († 883)
???-877 : Ecchard of Mâcon († 877), ( Carolingian Nibelungids family )
877-887 : Boson V of Provence († 887), ( family of the Bosonid counts of Provence)
884-886 : Bernard Plantevelue († 886), ( family of the comtes d'Auvergne )
886-918 : William I of Aquitaine, known as the Pious († 918), son of the former, count of Auvergne and duke of Aquitaine
918-926 : William II of Aquitaine († 926), nephew of the former, count of Auvergne and duke of Aquitaine
926-928 : Acfred of Aquitaine († 928), brother of the former, count of Auvergne and duke of Aquitaine
The counts of Auvergne installed the viscounts at Mâcon. The centre of power of the dukes of Aquitaine, then the struggles for control of Aquitaine on Acfred's death, made the viscounts take a comtal title.
884-??? : Liétald, viscount of Mâcon
???-915 : Ranoux, viscount of Mâcon, probably a close relation of the former
915-943 : Aubry I of Mâcon († 943), viscount of Narbonne, entitled comte de Mâcon in 932, married Atallana, daughter of Racon
943-966 : Liétald II of Mâcon († 966), son of the former, married Ermengearde, sister of Gilbert of Chalon, comte principal of Burgundy
966-982 : Aubry II of Mâcon († 982), son of the former, married Ermentrude of Roucy
Comtal house of Burgundy.
982-1002 : Otto-William of Burgundy (958 † 1026) count of Burgundy, son of Adalbert of Italy and of Gerberge of Chalon
1002-1004 : Guy I of Mâcon († 1004), count of Mâcon, son of the former
1004-1049 : Otto II of Mâcon († 1049), count of Mâcon, son of the former:married Elisabeth of Vergy
1049-1065 : Geoffroy of Mâcon († 1065), count of Mâcon, son of the former:married Béatrice
1065-1078 : Guy II of Mâcon († 1109), count of Mâcon, son of the former. In 1078, he became a monk at Cluny Abbey and ceded Macon to his cousin William I of Burgundy
1078-1085 : William I of Burgundy († 1087), count of Burgundy and of Macon, cousin of the former, son of Renaud I of Burgundy and of Alice of Normandy, grandson of Otto-William
1157-1184 : Géraud I of Mâcon (1142 † 1184), count of Mâcon and of Vienne, son of William III of Mâcon, married Maurette de Salins
1184-1224 : William IV of Mâcon († 1224), count of Mâcon, of Auxonne and of Vienne, eldest son of the former, married Poncia of Beaujeu, then married Scholastique, daughter of Henry I of Champagne
1224-1224 : Géraud II of Mâcon († 1224), count of Mâcon and of Vienne, son of the former and of Scolastique de Champagne, married Alix Guigonne, daughter of Guigues III of Forez
1224-1239 : Alix of Mâcon († 1260), countess of Mâcon and of Vienne, daughter of the former, married John of Dreux († 1239)
1239 on the death of her husband, countess Alix of Mâcon sold the counties of Vienne and Mâcon to the crown of France.

</doc>
<doc id="19132161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132161" title="Ordered semigroup">
Ordered semigroup

In mathematics, an ordered semigroup is a semigroup ("S",•) together with a partial order ≤ that is compatible with the semigroup operation, meaning that "x" ≤ "y" implies z•x ≤ z•y and x•z ≤ y•z for all "x", "y", "z" in "S".
If S is a group and it is ordered as a semigroup, one obtains the notion of ordered group, and similarly if S is a monoid it may be called ordered monoid. The terms posemigroup, pogroup and pomonoid are also in use.
Additive semigroup of natural numbers ("N",+) and additive group of integers ("Z",+) endowed with natural order are examples of a posemigroup and pogroup. On the other hand, ("N"∪{0},+) with the natural order is a pomonoid. Clearly, every semigroup can be treated as a posemigroup endowed with the trivial (discrete) partial order: '='. The class of all semigroups may therefore be viewed as a subclass of the class of all posemigroups (indeed one may then prefer to denote a posemigroup by a triple ("S",•,≤)).
One can attribute two types of morphisms (in the sense of category theory) to posemigroups, namely the posemigroup homomorphisms which are 'order preserving' (equivalently monotone) semigroup homomorphisms and the posemigroup order-embeddings that are (besides being semigroup homomorphisms) both order preserving and reflecting.

</doc>
<doc id="19132169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132169" title="Ibugule">
Ibugule

Ibugule is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,766.

</doc>
<doc id="19132179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132179" title="Cwmfelin">
Cwmfelin

Cwmfelin is a village out the southern outskirts of Maesteg, in the county borough of Bridgend, Wales. It was once part of the medieval commote of Tir Iarll, before becoming a part of the parish of Llangynwyd. Since 1974 it has been part of the community of Llangynwyd Middle.

</doc>
<doc id="19132183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132183" title="My Job Sucks">
My Job Sucks

My Job Sucks is a comedy album by Donnie Baker, which was first released in June 2008. It is a triple disc CD which represents original material recorded during The Bob & Tom Show's syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19132185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132185" title="Idifu">
Idifu

Idifu is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,241.

</doc>
<doc id="19132190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132190" title="Ikowa">
Ikowa

Ikowa is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 4,974.

</doc>
<doc id="19132194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132194" title="Ilindi">
Ilindi

Ilindi is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19132201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132201" title="Iringa Mvumi">
Iringa Mvumi

Iringa Mvumi is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,514

</doc>
<doc id="19132209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132209" title="Falcaria lacertinaria">
Falcaria lacertinaria

The Scalloped Hook-tip ("Falcaria lacertinaria") is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found in Europe and Anatolia.
The wingspan is 27–35 mm. The moth flies from April to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Birch and Alder.

</doc>
<doc id="19132210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132210" title="Itiso">
Itiso

Itiso is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,560.

</doc>
<doc id="19132214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132214" title="Kigwe">
Kigwe

Kigwe is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,945.

</doc>
<doc id="19132217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132217" title="Ionthas">
Ionthas

Ionthas is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19132218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132218" title="Lamati">
Lamati

Lamati is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,470.

</doc>
<doc id="19132222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132222" title="European Day">
European Day

The term European Day or Europe Day is an annual celebration of peace and unity in Europe.
It can also mean: 

</doc>
<doc id="19132223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132223" title="Hidesign">
Hidesign

Hidesign is a leather goods manufacturer based in Pondicherry, India. The company markets its products as affordable luxury goods. It operates stores in several countries around the world as well as in India.
Factory.
The Hidesign factory at Pondicherry was designed and built by Ray Meeker, a low cost ecological building expert. The factory includes ponds, waterfalls and streams built into the layout. No asbestos is used anywhere in the factory and all waste water at the factory goes through filtration and is reused. All waste material is also separated and reused or sold for reuse.

</doc>
<doc id="19132224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132224" title="Isanthrene">
Isanthrene

Isanthrene is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19132226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132226" title="Majeleko">
Majeleko

Majeleko is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,212.

</doc>
<doc id="19132228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132228" title="1964–65 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1964–65 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1964–65 campaign was mainly a season of change for the Terriers, with Roger B. Kaye becoming the new chairman just before the start of the season, followed by the departure of manager Eddie Boot after just 3 games. Tom Johnston would then give Town a big boost for the rest of the season. A superb second half of the season saw Town only lose 3 league games in 1965, which would eventually lead Town to 8th place in Division 2.
Review.
Following the previous season's mid-table position, gates at Leeds Road drastically fell, no match recorded a crowd of more than 15,000 during the season. It wasn't helped by the dreadful start made by the Terriers, which cost Eddie Boot his job in early September. Town failed to win any of their first 9 matches. Tom Johnston would replace Boot and brought in Jimmy Nicholson, Tony Leighton and Johnny Quigley. But, Town's form didn't seem to completely improve until Town reached December.
Town's new acquisitions would help Town's form improve during the second half of the season, which would see Town lose only 3 times in the second half of the season. It would see Town finish in 8th place with 44 points, 12 points behind 2nd placed Northampton Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19132230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132230" title="Ischnarctia">
Ischnarctia

Ischnarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19132232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132232" title="Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election, 2008">
Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election, 2008

A leadership election was held in the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan on 22 September 2008 after the incumbent party leader and Prime Minister of Japan Yasuo Fukuda announced that he would resign on 1 September 2008, only 11 months after taking office on 25 September 2007 following a leadership election on 23 September 2007. Taro Aso, who had lost to Fukuda in the 2007 leadership election, was widely seen as the frontrunner to replace him, and announced on 2 September 2008 he was ready to take over as party leader. Aso won the leadership election against four opponents, receiving 67% of the vote.
It was reported that Yuriko Koike, a former defence chief who is seen as close to former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, might stand against Aso; in that case, the LDP leadership election would be a decision between the conservative traditionalist Aso and the unorthodox reformist Koike. Economics minister Kaoru Yosano and former transport minister Nobuteru Ishihara, the son of the controversial right-wing nationalist governor of Tokyo Shintarō Ishihara, also indicated they might run, as did former defence minister Shigeru Ishiba, senior vice foreign minister Ichita Yamamoto and former science and economic minister Yasufumi Tanahashi. Campaigning began on 10 September 2008; a total of 528 people are eligible to vote (387 Diet members and 141 prefectural representatives).
To stand in the election, candidates had to gather twenty signatures from electors. Aso formally declared his candidacy on 5 September 2008, and Koike on 8 September 2008. Yosano, Ishiba and Ishihara also filed to run, while Yamamoto and Tanahashi decided not to stand for the leadership. Koizumi announced he would support and vote for Koike.
By election day, Aso had secured the votes of at least 60% of the electors and was assumed to win the election in the first round.
Aso went on to win the election by a landslide 351 votes. Yosano got 66 votes, Koike 46, Ishihara 37 and Ishiba 25. Aso was sworn in as Prime Minister on 24 September 2008. Some speculated that a general election would be called on 3 October for 26 October 2008 following the leadership election, but this failed to materialise.

</doc>
<doc id="19132238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132238" title="Makanda (Dodoma ward)">
Makanda (Dodoma ward)

Makanda is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 5,665.

</doc>
<doc id="19132239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132239" title="Ischnocampa">
Ischnocampa

Ischnocampa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19132242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132242" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1954–1956">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1954–1956

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1954 to 21 May 1956. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19132244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132244" title="Makang'wa">
Makang'wa

Makang'wa is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 16,238.

</doc>
<doc id="19132247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132247" title="Ischnognatha">
Ischnognatha

Ischnognatha is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19132253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132253" title="Manchali (Tanzanian ward)">
Manchali (Tanzanian ward)

Manchali is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,132.

</doc>
<doc id="19132256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132256" title="James Martorano">
James Martorano

James "Jimmy" Martorano (born December 10, 1941) is an American organized crime figure with ties to the Winter Hill Gang of South Boston, Massachusetts and a member of the Patriarca crime family as of 1995. Martorano is the younger brother of notorious "hitman" and later government witness, John Martorano,
James Martorano was born in Somerville, Massachusetts. His father was an immigrant from Riesi, Sicily, Italy. His Irish-American mother was a full time homemaker. The Martorano family soon moved to East Milton, Massachusetts. He went on to attend Mount Saint Charles Academy with his brother John, in Woonsocket, Rhode Island. 
Martorano attended Thayerlands Elementary School in Braintree, Massachusetts and enrolled in Mount Saint Charles Academy in Woonsocket, Rhode Island where he graduated. At Mount Saint Charles he played football with future CBS News television journalist Ed Bradley, whom he affectionately referred to as "Big Ed". James and John Martorano both graduated from Milton High School in 1959. His graduating high school year book quote was "Popularity is Glory". 
He later went on to achieve a Bachelor of Arts from Boston College after accepting an athletic scholarship, something his brother John turned down after many potential offers. In 1976, as an associate of the Winter Hill Gang of Boston, Martorano was convicted of loansharking, extortion and fixing horse races. Martorano was convicted due to information provided to federal authorities by fellow gang members, James Bulger and Stephen Flemmi. After Martorano was sent to prison, his friend and informant Stephen Flemmi said, "Jimmy does good time." Martorano studied law while incarcerated. He made several appeals of his conviction and was granted a new trial in 1980. This decision, however, was reversed by the First Circuit Court of Appeals. http://openjurist.org/620/f2d/912/united-states-v-martorano. After his release, he worked as paralegal.
In 1995, Martorano and six other men were indicted as active participants in activities of the Winter Hill Gang and Patriarca crime family. Charges against Martorano included racketeering, extortion and conspiracy.

</doc>
<doc id="19132263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132263" title="Isia">
Isia

Isia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19132267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19132267" title="Manda (Tanzanian ward)">
Manda (Tanzanian ward)

Manda (Tanzanian ward) is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Rural district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,066.

</doc>
