<doc id="19342613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342613" title="John Colpoys">
John Colpoys

Admiral Sir John Colpoys, GCB ("c." 1742 – 4 April 1821) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served in three wars but is most notable for being one of the catalysts of the Spithead Mutiny in 1797 after ordering his marines to fire on a deputation of mutinous sailors. Although this event resulted in his removal from active duty, Colpoys was a capable administrator who remained heavily involved in staff duties ashore during the Napoleonic Wars and was later a Lord of the Admiralty, Knight Companion of the Order of the Bath (later a Knight Grand Cross) and Governor of Greenwich Naval Hospital.
Early career.
Colpoys was the son of John Colpoys, a Dublin attorney and Registrar to Chief Justice William Yorke. His mother was a Miss Madden whose mother was Anne, daughter of Edward Singleton, an alderman of Drogheda in Ireland. Singleton's son, Henry, was Chief Justice of the Common Pleas in Ireland from 1740-1753, while his granddaughter Charity, daughter of his son Rowland, was the wife of William Yorke, who succeeded Henry Singleton as Chief Justice of the Common Pleas in Ireland in 1753. Nothing is known of Colpoys' birth or childhood, except that he was born in approximately 1742. He is believed to have entered the Royal Navy in 1756 at the outbreak of the Seven Years War and certainly served in the Siege of Louisbourg in 1758 and the Capture of Martinique four years later. His service in these campaigns was not especially notable, but they were to be almost his only experience of action with the enemy. While serving at Martinique, Colpoys was promoted to lieutenant and in 1770 received his first command, the small frigate HMS "Lynx". Promoted commander the same year, he was again promoted in 1773, becoming a post captain in command of the ship of the line HMS "Northumberland".
At the outbreak of the American War of Independence, Colpoys took command of the frigate HMS "Seaford", which he commanded in European waters without seeing any significant action. In 1778, shortly after leaving the frigate, Colpoys was called to an Admiralty court as a judge in the court-martial of Sir Hugh Palliser in the acrimonious aftermath of the First Battle of Ushant. As instructed, the court found Palliser innocent of any wrongdoing and Colpoys returned to sea as commander of HMS "Orpheus" on the North American Station. In "Orpheus", Colpoys achieved his one victory at sea when, in company with HMS "Roebuck", he successfully ran down and captured the small frigate USS "Confederacy" in 1781. His final command of the war was HMS "Phoebe", a frigate with the Mediterranean Fleet that was paid off a few months after he joined her in 1783.
French Revolutionary Wars.
After seven years on half-pay, Colpoys was recalled in 1790 to command the guardship HMS "Hannibal" at Portsmouth. With the renewal of conflict with France in 1793 in the French Revolutionary Wars, Colpoys was recalled to active service as a squadron commander under Alan Gardner in the Channel and subsequently the West Indies. In April 1794, Colpoys was promoted to rear-admiral and flew his flag in HMS "London" with the Channel Fleet under Lord Bridport, with his nephew Edward Griffith as his flag captain. In 1795, "London" was present but not engaged at the Battle of Groix, and later at the Action of 10 April 1795.
Ordered to command the blockade squadron off Brest in the winter of 1796, Colpoys was driven offshore by gales and detached a squadron of frigates under Sir Edward Pellew to watch the port. On 16 December, the French attempted to escape at dusk, the Brest fleet carrying an army intended for the invasion of Ireland. Although Pellew spotted the attempt and tried to divert the French during the night, the majority of the French forces reached the Atlantic safely. Rather than pursue the French, Colpoys took his ships into Plymouth for a refit while the main body of the Channel Fleet hunted for the invasion force. The expedition was eventually foiled by a combination of disorganisation and severe gales.
Spithead Mutiny.
Colpoys most notable action during his naval service occurred in 1797, after the outbreak of the Spithead Mutiny in April. Disaffected sailors in the Channel Fleet at Spithead went on strike, demanding a number of concessions before they would return to offensive operations. Although all but four ships returned to service within days following negotiations with the Admiralty, tensions were still running high. The four ships that refused to sail were all placed under Colpoy's command while the remainder of the fleet were taken to St Helens, Isle of Wight to isolate the mutinous ships. On 1 May, an order from the Admiralty arrived with the fleet ordering officers to use violent methods to break the mutiny and to arrest its ringleaders. Aware that the order would provoke a recurrence of the original mutiny, many officers attempted to stifle news of the order, but without success.
The crews at St. Helens once again rose against their officers, and Colpoys at Spithead took urgent steps to ensure the loyalty of his own crew on HMS "London". The sailors were called on deck and asked to air any grievances they might have; the crew replied that they had none, and Colpoys dismissed them. Worried about the potential influence of mutineers from the fleet at St. Helens, Colpoys then attempted to isolate his crew by sealing them below decks. This infuriated the men, who demanded an audience with the admiral. Colpoys refused to allow their delegates on deck, and the crew attempted to storm the hatches. Colpoys panicked, and ordered his officers and marines to open fire on the sailors climbing out of the hatches. Although most of the marines refused the order, a number of sailors were killed before Colpoys brought an end to the gunfire.
Outnumbered by his now thoroughly mutinous crew, Colpoys was forced to surrender. Taking full responsibility for the shooting, to spare one of his officers threatened with hanging for shooting a sailor, Colpoys and his fellow officers were seized and imprisoned, while "London" sailed to St. Helens to join the fleet. Although the crew originally planned to try Colpoys and his officers for the shooting, they were all later released ashore. Colpoys was later explicitly named in the mutineer's demands as an officer they would refuse to serve under. Colpoys was removed from active service at this time, although this may not have been a condemnation of his actions: he had already requested to be relieved before the mutiny due to his deteriorating health.
Shore service.
No longer serving at sea, Colpoys began to recover his health and was rewarded for his long service in 1798 with appointment as a Knight Companion of the Order of the Bath. Remaining in semi-retirement, Colpoys was promoted to full admiral in 1801, and recalled by the Admiralty in 1803 to be the Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth. The following year, Lord Melville specifically requested Colpoys to serve as a Lord of the Admiralty and he was also considered for the post of commander-in-chief of the Mediterranean Fleet, although this was eventually awarded to Cuthbert Collingwood.
In 1805, Colpoys was awarded the honorary position of treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and in 1816 he became governor of that institution. In the preceding year at the reformation of the orders of chivalry, Colpoys had become a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath. In 1821, Colpoys died at the Greenwich Hospital aged 79, and was buried on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19342616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342616" title="Roy Cromack">
Roy Cromack

Roy Cromack (b. Doncaster, England, 18 February 1940) was a racing cyclist who represented Britain in track races and in international road races such as the Peace Race. He was the first British cyclist to ride more than 500 miles in a 24-hour time trial.
500 miles.
Cromack rode 507 miles in the Road Time Trials Council national 24-hour championship in July 1969. It was his first ride at the distance and the first time 500 miles had been bettered. The record stood for 28 years. He beat the second rider, Eric Matthews, by 15 miles.
Cromack was a rare all-rounder, winning championship medals from 4,000 metres on the track to 24 hours on the road. He won medals at every distance in British time-trialling championships and rode the road race for Britain at the Olympic Games in Mexico.
He has an entry in the "Golden Book of Cycling".

</doc>
<doc id="19342629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342629" title="Islam Shokry">
Islam Shokry

Islam Shokry () (born 1 January 1983) is an Egyptian footballer currently playing with Egyptian club Tersana. He was a member of the Egyptian U-21 youth team that won the 2003 African Youth Championship and participated in the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship held in the UAE.
Career.
Shokry witnessed the golden age of Arab Contractors FC winning the 2003-04 Egyptian Cup against the African club of century Al-Ahly, followed by the 2004 Egyptian Super Cup title against the other Egyptian giant Zamalek.
In August 2008, Shokry joined Lierse SK, which was competing in the Belgian Second Division at the time. He had a short spell with Lierse SK in Belgium. Although he managed to score many goals in the pre-seasons, he had tough time getting regular first-time football competing the team's captain Jurgen Cavens and former Fulham F.C. striker Tomasz Radzinski. So he moved on loan to K.V. Turnhout for the rest of the 2008-09 season. Scoring a debut goal and following it with many other goals.
In January 2010, Shokry joined Tersana.

</doc>
<doc id="19342646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342646" title="2008 Congo football riots">
2008 Congo football riots

On Sunday 14 September 2008, a riot broke out in connection with a football game in Butembo, province of Nord-Kivu, in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The teams playing were Socozaki and Nyuki System, which are two local clubs whose games are considered derbies. The riots were sparked by accusations that one of the football players was using witchcraft. Nyuki were losing the game, and their goalkeeper tried to advance up the pitch and cast a spell that would turn the game around. This caused a brawl between the players, and when a police commander tried to intervene, he was pelted by stones from the spectators. To regain control of the situation, the police forces reportedly fired canisters of tear gas into the crowd, something that caused a stampede.
On the next day, dozens of teenagers staged a protest in the town. The regional governor, Julien Mpaluku, attended the funerals and visited the injured in hospital, and promised a full investigation of the events. He reported that the firing of shots into the air by the police had caused panic, and the deaths were then caused by the ensuing mass flight. 13 people were killed by suffocation, while 36 others were injured. With two or three exceptions, the victims were all children; most were between the ages of 11 and 16. An eleven member team has been set up to study the incident by the local regime..
Reports of the events came from the local UN-funded radio station Radio Okapi. Nord-Kivu has been the scene of widespread conflict between Congo government forces and rebels in recent years, and a great number of people have been displaced. Despite the fact that the Second Congo War officially ended in 2003, violence is still raging in this part of the country. Traditional animist beliefs are still strong in this part of Africa, and exist side by side with Christianity and Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="19342653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342653" title="Arran Fernandez">
Arran Fernandez

Arran Fernandez, England, born June 1995, is a mathematician who in June 2013 became Senior Wrangler at Cambridge University, aged 18 years, 0 months. He is probably the youngest Senior Wrangler ever.
In October 2010, when he began studying the Cambridge Mathematics Tripos aged 15 years and 3 months, he was the youngest Cambridge University undergraduate since William Pitt the Younger in 1773.
Prior to university, he was educated at home, and in 2001 he broke the age record for gaining a General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE), the English academic qualification usually taken at age 16, for which he sat the examinations aged five. In 2003 he became the youngest ever person to gain an A* grade at GCSE, also for Mathematics.
Starting in 2000 Fernandez has had several sequences published in the On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences (OEIS), the number theory database established by Neil Sloane.
His television work has included an appearance as a "Person of the Week" on Frank Elstner's chat show on German TV in 2001, and an appearance on Terry Wogan and 
Gaby Roslin's Terry and Gaby Show on British TV in 2003, when he beat mathematics populariser Johnny Ball in a live mental arithmetic contest, successfully extracting the fifth roots of several large integers.

</doc>
<doc id="19342660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342660" title="List of football stadiums in Armenia">
List of football stadiums in Armenia

The following is a list of football stadiums in Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19342671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342671" title="LG LG4000">
LG LG4000

The LG LG4000 is an HD Ready LCD flat panel television produced by LG Electronics, to be released in October 2008. It features a built-in DVD player and comes in 26" and 32" versions.
Features.
The television features:

</doc>
<doc id="19342673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342673" title="Sava's book">
Sava's book

The Sava's book (, "Savina kniga"; , "Savvina kniga") is a 129-folio Cyrillic Old Church Slavonic canon evangeliary, written in the eleventh century.
The original 126 parchment folios are of Bulgarian provenience, being bound into a larger codex with later additions of the Russian Church Slavonic recension. The codex is named the priest Sav(v)a, who inscribed his name on the two of the original folios, and on who there is no other historical record and is therefore believed to be one of the manuscript copyists.
The early history of Sava's book is not known. What can be ascertained is that the codex was in the Seredkino monastery near Pskov till at least the 17th century. Afterward it was moved to the manuscript collection of the Moscow Synodal Priting House, where it was found in 1866 by the Russian Slavist Izmail Sreznevsky, who gave the codex its modern-day appellation and was the first one to publish it (Saint Petersburg, 1868). Today it's kept in the Central State Archive of Old Documents (CGADA) in Moscow.
The first critical edition of the manuscript was published by V. N. Ščepkin ("Savvina kniga", Saint Petersburg 1903), photographically reprinted in Graz in 1959. Ščepkin was the first to indulge in the paleolinguistic analysis of the manuscript ("Razsuždenie o jazyke Savvinoj knigy", 1899) and has ascertained that it was copied from Glagolitic original. His 1903 edition made N. Karinski to propound several new readings and fix a certain amount of wrong solutions ("Perečenь važnejših netočnostei poslednego izdanija Savvinoj knigi", Izv., XIX, 3, 206-216). Paleographic and linguistic analysis shows that the copyist wrote yers there where he didn't pronounce them any more, and that behind "č", "ž" and "š" he wrote "ъ" instead of "ь", which indicates that the aforementioned consonants were pronounced "hard" in scribe's mother tongue, or more likely that other than the preserved softness in the preceding consonant the two yers had merged. There is numerous evidence for the loss of epenthetic "l", and instead of iotified a () yat () is often written.

</doc>
<doc id="19342711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342711" title="Sherif El Baily">
Sherif El Baily

Sherif El Bialy (born 22 September 1979) is an Egyptian-American footballer who lasted played for first division Belgian team Lierse S.K..
El Bialy played collegiate soccer for Rutgers University.
Career.
Youth.
El Bialy played at El Shams S.C. since the age of 12. He was the leading scorer for all the youth teams until he was picked to play for the first team of the club at the age 16. El Bialy was a member of all youth national teams of Egypt. His talent caught the eyes of top clubs in Egypt including Al-Ahly and Al-Zamalek who offers one million pound for El Bialy according to Al Ahram newspapers. President Mohamed El Mallah of El Shams neglected all offers including a blank check from Ismaily . In 1999, El Bialy left Egypt to play collegiate soccer in the United States .
College.
El Bialy played college soccer at Rutgers University 2000-2003 on a full Athletic Scholarship. His first year, El Bialy was named all-rookie team All Big East and Targum Athlete of the Year. El Bialy was named by the press the Egyptian Magician. The second year El Bialy was named All Big East First Team and was a finalist for All Big East Midfielder of the year. He was named second-team All Big East his third year; and, all three years playing Rutgers Soccer El Bialy was named first-team All Mid-Atlantic Region Selection. In his second and third year he received an All American Honoree mention. El Bialy scored 20 Goals and 18 Assists in 56 games at Rutgers. El Bialy was invited to attend the 2003 MLS SuperDraft.
Professional.
Shortly after graduating, El Bialy returned to Egypt to join El Shams S.C where he was the team captain, however, El Bialy left the club in late 2003 to go back to the United States. El Bialy moved to the giant club AlMokawaloon AlArab (Arab Contractors) in 2005. El Bialy shined in his first appearance with his new club. He was a member of the Egyptian National Team. He continued to play in the Egyptian Highest Division until 2008 when he signed for K. Lierse SK in Belgium with a transfer fee. In his first year at K. Lierse SK El Bialy helps the club to reach the semi-final of the Belgium Cup. Injuries shortened El Bialy's time on the field, he finishes his career champion of Belgium Exqi league
International.
El Bialy made his debut for the Egypt national football team in a friendly against Uruguay on 16 August 2006.
El Bialy was a member of the Egyptian U-20 and U-23. He scored in his debut with the U-20 against Lebanon November 1998.
Honors.
Champions of the Belgium Exqi League 2009-2010
League Champions 1997-1998, El Shams S.C.
Champions African Cup in Tunisia 1998, U-20 Egypt
References.
http://www.dailytargum.com/2.4986/ru-offense-dominates-monmouth-1.1520213

</doc>
<doc id="19342713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342713" title="Blow Out (Prison Break)">
Blow Out (Prison Break)

"Blow Out" is the 63rd episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was broadcast on September 29, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.
Plot.
Michael Scofield, Brad Bellick, Lincoln Burrows, Alex Mahone, Fernando Sucre and Sara Tancredi are at the horse track where they are to find their next card holder. Although they successfully manage to copy the card's contents on to Roland's device, Alex, who has the device with him, is arrested after punching a cop and trying to flee the scene. At the police station, Mahone is locked up and his possessions, including the device, are stored away. The gang informs Donald Self of the news and ask him to free Mahone. Don tries to use his federal badge to wriggle out of the mess, but only manages to strike a deal to get Mahone's possessions. Mahone reluctantly agrees and signs the papers so Don can do so.
Later, Don is confronted by Wyatt, who warns him that the Pad Man likes his privacy and tells Self to stay out of company business. Self stands his ground and walks off. 
As Mahone is scheduled to go to court, he realizes that Wyatt intends to be at the hearing to kill him. He informs Michael, who convinces everyone to help rescue him instead of focusing on the next card holder. Sara, posing as Mahone's representative, manages to take his file and fingerprints to hide the evidence. Lincoln and Michael blow the power to the building, and in the confusion, Sucre helps Mahone escape. Wyatt notices the gang leaving, but is unable to shoot them due to the police around the area. Mahone thanks the gang at the warehouse for saving him and then makes a surreptitious call to Wyatt telling him that it is personal. Mahone throws Wyatt's number away, but Roland manages to dig it out of the trash.
Back at Gate Corporation, T-Bag uses the clues in Whistler's book to deduce there is something hidden in a supply closet connected to his office. Before he can investigate further, however, he is revealed to be a fraud and flees back to his suite. Meanwhile, Gretchen, having escaped confinement by Wyatt, hides out at her sister's house to wash up. She stays briefly before heading off to find Whistler, but it is also revealed she has a daughter. Gretchen then heads to the coroner's office to gather Whistler's file; although she claims to be his wife, Gretchen is forced to knock out the guard to claim Whistler's records and belongings. This leads her to the suite where T-Bag is staying. As T-Bag is frantically wiping down surfaces to hide his fingerprints, Gretchen arrives and knocks him to ground, demanding to know who he is.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode 6.4 saying that the only way to enjoy the episode is if you turn off "your brain and accept all of the ridiculous plot twists and character decisions at face value". 

</doc>
<doc id="19342723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342723" title="Modérantisme">
Modérantisme

During the French Revolution, modérantisme or the faction des modérés ("faction of the moderates") was the name given to the Girondists and then to the Dantonistes by the Montagnards. Modérantisme was denounced before the Jacobin and the Cordeliers Clubs, who then led the first attacks on it in 1794.
Jacobin and Cordelier orators soon demanded that the guillotine be used against those they saw as trying to stop the Revolution. One day Carrier shouted "The monsters! They want to break down the scaffolds - but, citizens, never forget, those who want no guillotines are those who should feel that they are worthy of the guillotine!" Camille Desmoulins, who came to found the newspaper "le Vieux Cordelier" in which he begged for clemency with Danton's consent, from then on laid himself open to their hatred and vengeance. 
On 5 April 1794, the leaders of the moderate party were guillotined and modérantisme was returned to power after Robespierre's fall and its turn was to once again hold sway against the Montagnards who still supported Robespierre, with the Thermidorian Reaction done in the name of modérantisme.
The crimes committed in Le Midi were also committed by men who claimed the title of "modérés", though this did not stop them carrying out excessive acts of violence.

</doc>
<doc id="19342724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342724" title="Sascha Kindred">
Sascha Kindred

Sascha Kindred OBE (born 13 December 1977 in Münster, Germany) is a British swimmer who has competed in five Summer Paralympic Games, winning twelve medals.
Early life.
Born in Germany, Kindred moved to Britain at the age of 3. He began swimming for a club at the age of 11. He attended Mossley Hollins High School and Kaskenmoor secondary school for a short period of time before going into training at local swimming clubs such as Oldham. 
Kindred has cerebral palsy, which affects the right side of his body. He competes in the S6 (butterfly), SM6 (medley) and SB7 (breaststroke) classifications.
Paralympic career.
Kindred first competed at the Paralympic Games in Atlanta 1996 and won a silver medal in the 100 m breaststroke SB7.
At the 2000 games in Sydney, Kindred won two gold medals, a silver, and a bronze. He described the games as his biggest sporting achievement so far.
In the 2004 Athens Paralympics, Kindred won two gold medals, successfully defending the 100 m breaststroke SB7 and 200 m individual medley SM6 titles he had won in Sydney. He also won a bronze medal in the 4×50 m freestyle 20 pts.
Kindred won his fifth Paralympic gold in the 200 m individual medley SM6 at the 2008 Games in Beijing, where he set a new world record time of 2:49.19 and earned the title for the third consecutive year. He then won a second gold of the games, six titles overall, and set another world record of 1:22.18 in the 100 m breaststroke SB7. The third medal he won was a bronze in the 50 m butterfly S6.
In addition to his success in the Paralympics, Kindred has won 12 medals (5 gold, 3 silver, 4 bronze) at IPC World Championships, 15 medals (8 gold, 3 silver, 4 bronze) at European Championships, and a gold medal at the 2006 Paralympic World Cup in Manchester.
Personal life.
Kindred's wife is fellow British Paralympic gold medal winning swimmer Nyree Lewis. Together the pair, who live in Herefordshire, are known as the "golden couple" of British disability swimming.
He includes amongst his sporting heroes Eric Cantona, Michael Johnson and Carl Lewis, and is a supporter of Manchester United.
Kindred was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19342735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342735" title="Íngrid Medrano">
Íngrid Medrano

Íngrid Xiomara Medrano Cuéllar (born July 6, 1979 in San Salvador) is a female freestyle wrestler from El Salvador. She participated in Women's freestyle 48 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the eighth final she beat Erica Dobre from Romania. In the quarter final Medrano lost with Kazakh Tatyana Bakatyuk.

</doc>
<doc id="19342741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342741" title="Wonders of the World">
Wonders of the World

Various lists of the Wonders of the World have been compiled from antiquity to the present day, to catalogue the world's most spectacular natural wonders and manmade structures.
The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World is the first known list of the most remarkable creations of classical antiquity; it was based on guidebooks popular among Hellenic sightseers and only includes works located around the Mediterranean rim. The number seven was chosen because the Greeks believed it represented perfection and plenty, and because it was the number of the five planets known anciently, plus the sun and moon.
Many similar lists have been made.
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
The historian Herodotus (484 – ca. 425 BCE), and the scholar Callimachus of Cyrene (ca. 305 – 240 BCE) at the Museum of Alexandria, made early lists of seven wonders. Their writings have not survived, except as references.
The classic seven wonders were:
The only ancient world wonder that still exists is the Great Pyramid of Giza.
Lists from other eras.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, some writers wrote their own lists with names such as Wonders of the Middle Ages, Seven Wonders of the Middle Ages, Seven Wonders of the Medieval Mind, and Architectural Wonders of the Middle Ages. However it is unlikely that these lists originated in the Middle Ages because the word medieval was not invented until the Enlightenment-era, and the concept of a Middle Age did not become popular until the 16th century. "Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable" refers to them as "later list" suggesting the lists were created after the Middle Ages.
Many of the structures on these lists were built much earlier than the Medieval Ages, but were well known.
Typically representative are:
Other sites sometimes included on such lists:
Recent lists.
Following in the tradition of the classical list, modern people and organisations have made their own lists of wonderful things ancient and modern. Some of the most notable lists are presented below.
American Society of Civil Engineers.
The American Society of Civil Engineers compiled a list of wonders of the modern world:
New7Wonders Foundation.
In 2001 an initiative was started by the Swiss corporation New7Wonders Foundation to choose the New7Wonders of the World from a selection of 200 existing monuments. Twenty-one finalists were announced January 1, 2006. Egyptians were not happy that the only surviving original wonder, the Great Pyramid of Giza, would have to compete with the likes of the Statue of Liberty, the Sydney Opera House, and other landmarks, calling the project absurd. In response, Giza was named an honorary Candidate. The results were announced on July 7, 2007, in Lisbon, Portugal:
USA Today's New Seven Wonders.
In November 2006 the American national newspaper "USA Today" and the American television show "Good Morning America" revealed a new list of New Seven Wonders as chosen by six judges. "Good Morning America" announced one wonder per day over a period of a week. An eighth wonder was chosen on November 24, 2006 from viewer feedback.
Seven Natural Wonders of the World.
Similar to the other lists of wonders, there is no consensus on a list of seven natural wonders of the world, and there has been debate over how large the list should be. One of the many existing lists was compiled by CNN:
New7Wonders of Nature.
New7Wonders of Nature (2007–11), a contemporary effort to create a list of seven natural wonders chosen through a global poll, was organized by the same group as the New7Wonders of the World campaign.
Seven Wonders of the Underwater World.
The Seven Underwater Wonders of the World was a list drawn up by CEDAM International, an American-based non-profit group for divers, dedicated to ocean preservation and research.
In 1989 CEDAM brought together a panel of marine scientists, including Dr. Eugenie Clark, to pick underwater areas which they considered to be worthy of protection. The results were announced at The National Aquarium in Washington DC by actor Lloyd Bridges, star of TV's "Sea Hunt":
Seven Wonders of the Industrial World.
British author Deborah Cadbury wrote "Seven Wonders of the Industrial World", a book telling the stories of seven great feats of engineering of the 19th and early 20th centuries. In 2003 the BBC made a seven-part documentary series on the book, with each episode dramatising the construction of one of the wonders. The seven industrial wonders are:
Other lists of wonders of the world.
Numerous other authors and organisations have composed lists of the wonders of the world. Travel writer Howard Hillman published two books on the subject, one with 10 man-made wonders, and one with 10 natural wonders. British biographer, science writer, and novelist Ronald W. Clark published a book of man-made and natural wonders titled "Wonders of the World", which lists 52 wonders, one for each week of the year.
Seven Wonders of the Solar System.
In a 1999 article, Astronomy magazine listed the "Seven Wonders of the Solar System". This article was later made into a video.
In popular culture.
The Civilization series of computer games has featured many world wonders of all eras, each of which designed to assist the player strategically should he or she construct it before his or her opponent does. In Civilization V, "natural wonders" such as Mount Fuji and Old Faithful were added, which also provide a strategic effect if located within the player's territory. Some games in the series include "national wonders" which can be constructed by any civilization instead of only one found throughout the fictional world created by the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19342749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342749" title="S.H. de Roos">
S.H. de Roos

Sjoerd Hendrik de Roos (14 September 1877 - 3 April 1962), better known as "S.H. de Roos", was a Dutch type designer, book cover designer and artist.
De Roos was born in Drachten to a cobbler, but moved to Amsterdam at an early age. It was here that, between the ages of twelve and fourteen, he trained to be a lithographer.
Later he studied at the "Teekenschool voor Kunstambachten" (The School of Drawing for the Arts and Crafts), part of the Rijksakademie. In his early years De Roos was inspired by the Arts and Crafts Movement. An example of this can be found in his edition of "Kunst en Maatschappij" ("Art and Society" (1903)). As a supporter of Ferdinand Domela Nieuwenhuis, De Roos attempted to create the ideal of ‘Art to the People’.
Between 1907 and 1947 he was employed by the Amsterdam Type foundry (known previously as "N. Tetterode"), where he further developed his lithographic skills. During this period he designed, a new type face, the "Hollandsche Mediæval", the first Dutch made typeface for 150 years. In total De Roos designed twelve type faces, the most successful being the "Hollandsche mediæval", the "Egmont", the "Libra" and the "De Roos Roman and Italic".
Archive material, as well as the "Tetterode Collection" both attributed to De Roos, are available at the Library of the University of Amsterdam. Further archives are available at the City Library of Haarlem, the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam, the Frans Hals Museum in Haarlem and the "Museum Smallingerland" in Drachten.

</doc>
<doc id="19342754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342754" title="Für immer (Warlock song)">
Für immer (Warlock song)

"Für Immer" is a song composed by the German heavy metal band Warlock, from their 1987 album "Triumph and Agony". It was the band's sixth single and it was published by Vertigo Records. The title is translated as "Forever" from German.
Review.
The song was published for the second time in a live version as b-side of the Doro Pesch's single "Hard Times" in 1989. It was later published again in the compilation "Rare Diamonds", released in March 1991 by PolyGram under the name Warlock & Doro. The video produced for this song and shot by Mark Rezyka is contained in the VHS video compilation with the same name. In 1998 the track was part of Doro's compilation "The Ballads". In 2003 Doro Pesch released a live version of the song as single, published by SPV/Steamhammer. In 2004 the song had a "classic" treatment, with strings and acoustic guitars, on Doro's album "Classic Diamonds" .

</doc>
<doc id="19342760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342760" title="Seven Wonders of the Ancient World">
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World

The Seven Wonders of the World (or the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World) refers to remarkable constructions of classical antiquity listed by various authors in guidebooks popular among the ancient Hellenic tourists, particularly in the 1st and 2nd centuries BC. The most prominent of these, the versions by Antipater of Sidon and an observer identified as Philo of Byzantium, comprise seven works located around the eastern Mediterranean rim. The original list inspired innumerable versions through the ages, often listing seven entries. Of the original Seven Wonders, only one—the Great Pyramid of Giza, the oldest of the ancient wonders—remains relatively intact.
Background.
The Greek conquest of much of the known world in the 4th century BC gave Hellenistic travellers access to the civilizations of the Egyptians, Persians, and Babylonians. Impressed and captivated by the landmarks and marvels of the various lands, these travellers began to list what they saw to remember them. 
Instead of "wonders", the ancient Greeks spoke of "theamata" (θεάματα), which means "sights", in other words "things to be seen". (Τὰ ἑπτὰ θεάματα τῆς οἰκουμένης [γῆς] "") Later, the word for "wonder" ("thaumata" θαύματα) was used, and this is also the case in modern Greek (Επτά θαύματα του αρχαίου κόσμου). Hence, the list was meant to be the Ancient World's counterpart of a travel guidebook.
Each person had his own version of the list, but the best known and earliest surviving was from a poem by Greek-speaking epigrammist Antipater of Sidon from around 140 BC. He named six of the seven sites on his list (leaving out the lighthouse), but was primarily in praise of the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus:
Another 2nd century BC observer, who claimed to be the mathematician Philo of Byzantium, wrote a short account entitled "The Seven Sights of the World". However, the incomplete surviving manuscript only covered six of the supposedly seven places, which agreed with Antipater's list.
484 BC–ca. 425 BC) and the architect Callimachus of Cyrene (ca. 305–240 BC), housed at the Museum of Alexandria, survived only as references.
The Colossus of Rhodes was the last of the seven to be completed, after 280 BC, and the first to be destroyed, by an earthquake in 226/225 BC. Hence, all seven existed at the same time for a period of less than 60 years.
Antipater had an earlier version which replaced Lighthouse of Alexandria with the Walls of Babylon. Lists which preceded the construction of Colossus of Rhodes completed their seven entries with the inclusion of the Ishtar Gate.
Scope.
It is thought that the limitation of the lists to seven entries was attributed to the special magical meaning of the number. Geographically, the list covered only the sculptural and architectural monuments of the Mediterranean and Middle Eastern regions, which then comprised the known world for the Greeks. Hence, extant sites beyond this realm were not considered as part of contemporary accounts.
The primary accounts, coming from Hellenistic writers, also heavily influenced the places included in the wonders list. Five of the seven entries are a celebration of Greek accomplishments in the arts and architecture (the exceptions being the Pyramids of Giza and the Hanging Gardens of Babylon).
Influence.
Arts and architecture.
The seven wonders on Antipater's list won praises for their notable features, ranging from superlatives of the highest or largest of their types, to the artistry with which they were executed. Their architectural and artistic features were imitated throughout the Hellenistic world and beyond.
The Greek influence in Roman culture, and the revival of Greco-Roman artistic styles during the Renaissance caught the imagination of European artists and travellers. Paintings and sculptures alluding to Antipater's list were made, while adventurers flocked to the actual sites to personally witness the wonders. Legends circulated to further complement the superlatives of the wonders.
Modern Lists.
Of Antipater's wonders, the only one that has survived to the present day is the Great Pyramid of Giza. Its brilliant white stone facing had survived intact until around 1300 AD, when local communities removed most of the stonework for building materials. The existence of the Hanging Gardens has not been proven, although theories abound. Records and archaeology confirm the existence of the other five wonders. The Temple of Artemis and the Statue of Zeus were destroyed by fire, while the Lighthouse of Alexandria, Colossus, and tomb of Mausolus were destroyed by earthquakes. Among the artifacts to have survived are sculptures from the tomb of Mausolus and the Temple of Artemis in the British Museum in London.
Still, the listing of seven of the most marvellous architectural and artistic human achievements continued beyond the Ancient Greek times to the Roman Empire, the Middle Ages, the Renaissance and to the modern age. The Roman poet Martial and the Christian bishop Gregory of Tours had their versions. Reflecting the rise of Christianity and the factor of time, nature and the hand of man overcoming Antipater's seven wonders, Roman and Christian sites began to figure on the list, including the Colosseum, Noah's Ark and Solomon's Temple. In the 6th century, a list of seven wonders was compiled by St. Gregory of Tours: the list included the Temple of Solomon, the Pharos of Alexandria and Noah's Ark.
Modern historians, working on the premise that the original Seven Ancient Wonders List was limited in its geographic scope, also had their versions to encompass sites beyond the Hellenistic realm—from the Seven Wonders of the "Ancient World" to the Seven Wonders of the "World". Indeed, the "seven wonders" label has spawned innumerable versions among international organizations, publications and individuals based on different themes—works of nature, engineering masterpieces, constructions of the Middle Ages, etc. Its purpose has also changed from just a simple travel guidebook or a compendium of curious places, to lists of sites to defend or to preserve.

</doc>
<doc id="19342805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342805" title="Alberto Lleras Dam">
Alberto Lleras Dam

The Alberto Lleras Dam, also known as the Guavio Dam, is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Guavio River near Guavio, Colombia.
The dam was built in 1989 with a height of . The dam has an installed hydroelectric generation capacity of , a crest length of , and a structural volume of .

</doc>
<doc id="19342812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342812" title="List of special elections to the California State Senate">
List of special elections to the California State Senate

Special elections to the California State Senate are called by the Governor of California when a vacancy arises within the State Senate. Most special elections are conducted in two rounds. The first is an open primary and the candidate with the most votes must have a majority of the votes plus one to win the seat. If no candidate wins a majority, a second round is held with the top candidates for each party.
Recall elections, the process by which voters petition for the removal of an elected official, are also included.
List of special elections.
The dates listed indicate the time of the final election, either a runoff election or the open primary round if no second round was held.
List of recall elections.
When applicable, the candidate who succeeded the recalled state senator is listed. If the recall election was not successful the winner is listed as "none".

</doc>
<doc id="19342823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342823" title="Mohamed Jarragh">
Mohamed Jarragh

Mohamed Jarragh () is a Kuwaiti Footballer, plays in Midfield for his club Al Arabi and the Kuwait national football team. he is known as the dinamo in central midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="19342826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342826" title="Hoërskool Menlopark">
Hoërskool Menlopark

Die Hoërskool Menlopark (Menlo Park High School) is a public Afrikaans medium co-educational high school located in Menlo Park, Pretoria, in the Gauteng province of South Africa. Some learners call themselves "Parkies". Menlopark is one of the most prestigious schools in South Africa.
History.
The school was established in 1963, starting with 12 class rooms and 372 learners in grades 8, 9 and 10 (then called Standards 6, 7 and 8).
Menlopark today.
Menlopark has four values which all Parkies are expected to know by heart and strive for in their every day life: Integrity, diligence, respect and loyalty.
The Student Representative Council (SRC) is called the "Parkieraad" which consists out of two learners (boy and girl) from every class. The current council consists out of approximately 100 learners (50 boys and 50 girls).()
Menlopark participates in a variety of sports:
Menlopark has achieved many outstanding achievements throughout its existence and is considered as one of the top schools in South Africa.
§ Menlopark is the current title holder of the Jacaranda Prestige Inter High Athletics Competition (A-league) champions and has won this title for the twelfth consecutive year now. The girls' competition was won by the Menlopark girls 17 out of 18 times.
‡ Menlopark is the current title holder of the Swimming Inter High Competition (A-league) champions for the fifth consecutive year. Menlopark's swimming academy is part of Olympic gold medalist, Ryk Neethling's Players Academy. The school owns a 50m (Olympic size) heated swimming pool (one of only two schools in South Africa) on campus.
Menlopark has its own soccer league called the Menlo Soccer League (MSL) where any students of any age group in the school can apply to play in this league and compile their own teams. This was a student initiative that was established in 2006. (Logo: [http://www.google.co.za/imgres?q=die+hoerskool+menlopark&um=1&hl=af&client=firefox-a&sa=N&rls=org.mozilla:af:official&tbm=isch&tbnid=ojl_eFlJqB4tFM:&imgrefurl=http://www.facebook.com/group.php%3Fgid%3D129946053686835%26v%3Dwall%26ref%3Dmf&docid=sfJTGxm1xQY_WM&imgurl=http://photos-f.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/184000_213687798679491_100001148175173_543280_6653032_s.jpg&w=116&h=130&ei=7mm_TpfpHtK28QPt3c2-BA&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=551&vpy=462&dur=1406&hovh=104&hovw=92&tx=100&ty=49&sig=100394069182408580350&page=1&tbnh=104&tbnw=92&start=0&ndsp=32&ved=1t:429,r:18,s:0&biw=1440&bih=733])
Other activities that Menlopark offers are:
‡The Menlo-choir was announced as the best school choir in South Africa at the National ATKV Applous Choir Competition July 2012 and being the only choir at the competition to achieve a Cum Laude award (90%+). They are the title holders of the best mixed choir in South Africa for the fifth consecutive year now (2009-2013). They are also known as the "Van Papendorp-Engeltjies" (Van Papendorp Angels in English) which comes from their director, Jeanmari van Papendorp's surname. The choir is one of Menlopark's biggest prides. The choir consists out of approximately 110 members and has participated on provincial, national, as well as international levels. Their piano accompanist is Willem Luitingh. The choir has undertaken several national and international tours and visited many countries, including Slovenia, Slovakia, Hungary, Czech Republic, Turkey, Austria, Germany and Egypt. During their most recent European tour, in July 2013, they were crowned as the best mixed choir at the Summa Cum Laude Music Festival.
Menlopark has its own acting theatre on campus, called "Die Blou Teater" (The Blue Theatre in English), where several productions are performed by students in which they can improve and embrace their acting skills.
Notable alumni.
In order of final year at Menlopark (date in brackets)
Menlo Alumni Association.
The association, known as Menlo Alumni, was founded in 2006.
School anthem & fight song.
The school song was written in 1965 by Mr J J Botha (lyrics) and Mr O A Van der Stoep (music). The lyrics (in Afrikaans):
The school's fight song is called "Ons Skool Sal Saamstaan". The tune is based on the Welsh National Anthem (Land of My Fathers). The lyrics (in Afrikaans):
Coat of arms.
Menlopark's school crest was designed by South African artist and legend, Bettie Cilliers-Barnard, who was a big fan of Menlopark. Her daughter, actress Jana Cilliers, was also a learner at Menlopark.
The meaning of the crest:
Motto and credo.
Menlopark's motto is "Excelsa Petamus" which is Latin for "We strive for the highest values".
The school's credo is "Absolut Menlo" which takes every aspect of Menlopark into consideration and describes the school as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="19342827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342827" title="BCMA">
BCMA

BCMA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19342843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342843" title="Richard Allison (architect)">
Richard Allison (architect)

Sir Richard John Allison (1869–1958) was a Scottish architect. From 1889 he was associated with the government Office of Works in London, and from 1914 was its Chief Architect.

</doc>
<doc id="19342865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342865" title="Maharashtra Legislative Council">
Maharashtra Legislative Council

The Maharashtra Vidhan Parishad or Maharashtra State Legislative Council is the upper house of the bicameral legislature of Maharashtra state in western India.
Location.
The seat of the Vidhan Parishad is situated at the Nariman Point area of South Mumbai in the capital Mumbai. The budget session and the monsoon session are convened in Mumbai whereas the winter session is convened in the auxiliary capital Nagpur.
Salient features.
The present strength of the Vidhan Parishad is 78 members. 12 members are nominated by the Governor and rest of them are elected indirectly through electoral colleges. 31 members are elected by the Vidhan Sabha members. 21 members are elected by the local bodies of Maharashtra. Seven members are elected by the teachers and the same number of members are elected by the graduates. It is a continuous House and not subject to dissolution. However, one-third of its members retire every second year and are replaced by new members. As such a member enjoys a tenure of six years. The members of the Vidhan Parishad elect its Chairman and Deputy Chairman.
Current leaders.
Current Chairman is Shivajirao Deshmukh and Deputy Chairman is Vasant Davkhare. Leader of the House is Govindrao Adik and Leader of Opposition is Vinod Tawde.
Constituencies and members.
The following are the constituencies of the Maharashtra Vidhan Parishad:

</doc>
<doc id="19342872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342872" title="Bommasamudram">
Bommasamudram

Bommasamudram is a village in Chittoor district, Andhra Pradesh. It is situated on the Andhra Pradesh-Tamil Nadu border, from Chittoor, the district headquarters and from Vellore in Tamil Nadu. This village is also called 44 Bommasamudram.
Administration.
Bommasamudram's panchayath is headquartered at koturu and Thimmoji Palli.
Agriculture.
The major crops in Bommasamudram are sugarcane and groundnut. 
Demographics.
The total population of this village is around 4000.

</doc>
<doc id="19342884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342884" title="Nathan Rennie">
Nathan Rennie

Nathan Rennie (born 31 May 1981) is an Australian professional downhill mountain bike racer. He started riding at the age of 5. In 2008, he became national champion downhill. He won a bronze medal in the downhill category at the UCI Mountain Bike & Trials World Championships in 2006. In the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup, Rennie won the downhill category overall in 2003 and came third in 2004 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19342889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342889" title="Mohamed Said Raihani">
Mohamed Said Raihani

Mohamed Saïd Raïhani (in Arabic: محمد سعيد الريحاني) is a Moroccan translator, novelist and short-story writer born on December 23, 1968 in Ksar el Kebir, north of Morocco. He is a member of Moroccan Writers’ Union. 
Bibliography.
Childhood and early attractions towards arts and literature.
Mohamed Saïd Raïhani was born on Monday December 23, 1968 in Ksar el Kebir (Morocco) where he got his primary and secondary schooling before going to Tetouan north of Morocco to carry on his university studies in English literature.
In his early life, he was fond of plastic arts but as he could not access Fine Arts School in Tetouan, 130 kilometers away from his hometown, since he was not yet fifteen years old, he shifted to literature, at the age of sixteen.
When he was sixteen years old, he tried writing his autobiography in French. Yet, on joining the university, he began writing short plays in English, being at that time a great fan of the Irish famous playwright George Bernard Shaw.
He also tried short story writing as he was fascinated by Ernest Hemingway’s writings. However, right after his university studies, he joined the sector of National Education as a teacher. on the literary plane, he shifted right away from writing in English into writing in Arabic, the language of his daily life and his deepest dreams.He, however, kept his love for short story that dates back to his childhood. 
In fact, when he was a little boy, a lady who was a friend of his mother’s used to visit them every afternoon to tell them wonderful stories that were nothing but the "Arabian Nights". To this magic story-teller, he did a very special tribute in the first chapter of his "photo-autobiography" entitled "When Photo Talks".
This lady has kindled his passion for fiction since his very early childhood, enabling him master the craft of telling stories before even learning the literary writing techniques.
First steps towards fictive writing.
As far as writing is concerned, Mohamed Saïd Raïhani admits being very grateful to “Composition”, a period he used to like most in the elementary school years. In periods of “Composition”, he felt fully free to write as he pleased and, gradually, he found out his growing inclination towards literary writing. However, reading books of great writers set his eyes wide open on worldwide literature. 
His early readings were guided by nightly television series he used to watch every night. Thus, «Les Misérables» by Victor Hugo was perhaps his first French-speaking book that he may have chosen with his own hands at the age of thirteen. Thus, late at night,he used to read on paper the same episodes of the series he had watched on TV in the early eighties.
Early narrative texts.
"In Love" and "Open, Sesame!" are Mohamed Saïd Raïhani’s first short stories written by the end of 1991 when he was 23 years old. "In Love" was not published until fifteen years later. However, "Open, Sesame!", was published on May 9, 1994 on one of the greatest literary Annexes in the 1990s Morocco, "Bayan Al Yawm Al-Thaqafi”. 
The central theme in "Open, Sesame!" is repeated several times in Mohamed Saïd Raïhani’s early short stories: Flood. "Open, Sesame!" remains “a short story which invests dream as a narrative technique in a journey from individual dream to the collective one”, wrote Moroccan writer Mohamed Aslim in his preface to Mohamed Saïd Raïhani’s first collection of short stories "Waiting For The Morning” published in 2003.
Literary Philosophy.
In 2003, Mohamed Saïd Raïhani wrote a short story entitled "The Three Keys" (published in the collection "Season of Migration to Anywhere"", 2006). This short story "The Three Keys", contains his philosophy related to fiction writing. "The Three Keys"'" defends free expression, urges love of the written work and dreams of reaching the real reader.It is a desire to reconcile the text with its free and wild nature: 
"When Freedom, says Mohamed Saïd Raïhani in an interview with "Le Matin" a French-speaking daily newspaper, will be the direct background of fiction, Love the storyline and Dream the dominant form of narration, only then short story will have taken a wider step to emancipate itself from the present restrains. Yet, writers should realize that Immunity is not necessarily reserved to diplomates but it is also writers' and artists' as well. When writers will realize that and believe in it, they will meet Freedom and will write free texts where they can dream and love to the last dregs."
Frictions with the Authorities.
After the notorious suicide bomb attacks in Casablanca on Friday May 16th 2003, Mohamed Saïd Raïhani published a manifesto entitled "From the Culture of Life to the Culture of Death" which cost him dearly as Moroccan authorities chose to punish him in his own office to avoid stirring further doubts in human-right circles. 
From the following year, 2004, Mohamed Saïd Raïhani started a new tradition in Moroccan culture by publishing yearly the "October Manifestoes" which are all gathered in a book released at summer 2009 as "History of Manipulating Professional Contests in Morocco". In an open letter From Mohamed Saïd Raïhani to the Moroccan Minister of National and Higher Education, Professional Training and Scientific Research, Rabat / Morocco, on February 12th 2010, he wrote: 
“Regarding professional contests, I published thereon, as your Excellency knows, a whole book entitled "History of Manipulating Professional Contests in Morocco” released in 2009. However, I am afraid that this very book should be at the source of this brand-new kind of sanctions that has been projected on me for all these seven years and that does not seem to resemble any of the ordinary sanctions that other writers throughout History have suffered either by having their books seized or confiscated or even burnt. The brand-new kind of sanctions which has been focused on me for all these years attempts cleverly to “circumvent” the real problem occurring originally in the “cultural” sphere away to the “professional” field, for fear of making a hero out of the writer. 
This newly coined sanction makes use of all the administrative tools available for taming and repressive goals but too far from the context and the circumstances that are at the origin of the real crisis triggered by my signing and circulating "October’s Yearly Manifestoes" which extended over five years, from 2004 to 2009, before been gathered in the above-mentioned book, "History of Manipulating Professional Contests in Morocco”. This new punitive invention aims, unfairly and unscrupulously, at barring the way before my professional career in order to dwarf me professionally, administratively and financially”.

</doc>
<doc id="19342894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342894" title="Appanapalli">
Appanapalli

Appanapalli or Appanapalle is a village in Khajipet mandal in the Kadapa district of Andhra Pradesh, a state in India. It has a Handloom industry and is one of the contributors for Bangalore's silk imports/exports.
Educational Institutes.
Colleges:
Schools:
Economy.
The chief crop cultivated in this region is rice. The village is known for its Handloom silk industry.
Geography.
Appanapalli is located near the Gajula Konda hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19342898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342898" title="Chris Tiu">
Chris Tiu

Chris Tiu () (born Christopher John Alandy-Dy Tiu on July 15, 1985 in San Juan City, Philippines), is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He formerly played for the Smart Gilas team. He is also a TV host, commercial model, and politician. He is also part-owner of Happy Lemon in the Philippines.
He is the host of the TV shows which airs every Sunday nights on GMA Network and '1-on-1 Tiu-torials' on TV 5.
Early life.
Chris is the second eldest of five children of Jerry and Lianne Tiu. He has 2 brothers, Christian and Charles Tiu and 2 sisters. He took his elementary and high school education at Xavier School in San Juan City, Philippines, and his collegiate education at Ateneo de Manila University in Quezon City, Philippines where he earned degrees in Bachelor of Science in Management Engineering and a Minor in Chinese Studies. He is formerly the Sangguniang Kabataan Chairman of Barangay Urdaneta in Makati City.
He was named Favorite Athlete in the first-ever Nickelodeon Philippines Kids' Choice Awards 2008 held at Aliw Theater, Pasay City.
Amateur career.
He played juniors basketball for the Xavier School Golden Stallions wherein he was part of the 3 Peat Metro Manila Tiong Lian Basketball Association Champion team from 2001-2003. His teammates in Xavier includes Joseph Yeo and TY Tang.
UAAP career.
He then went on to play for the Ateneo Blue Eagles for his collegiate basketball career. On his days with the Blue Eagles he and his teammates managed to enter the Finals once on the UAAP first was when in 2003 where they failed to defend their title against the FEU Tamaraws then in 2006 wherein they lost to the UST Growling Tigers in three games and in 2008 wherein they managed to break their six years championship drought against their archrival the DLSU Green Archers which was led by JV Casio and Rico Maierhofer at that time in two games. He was also a 2x UAAP Mythical Team Member from 2007-2008. His teammates in Ateneo includes JC Intal, Macky Escalona, Doug Kramer, Ford Arao, Rabeh Al-Hussaini, Nonoy Baclao, Jai Reyes, Eric Salamat among many others. His coach in college is Norman Black.
Smart Gilas.
Right after his UAAP career he went on to play for the National team as the team captain of the newly formed Smart Gilas Pilipinas National Team from 2008-2012. His teammates at that time were JV Casio, Marcus Douthit, Japeth Aguilar, Chris Lutz, Marcio Lassiter, Mark Barroca, etc. they were under Coach Rajko Toroman at that time.
2011 SEA Games.
He was the team captain of the Sinag Pilipinas team that was sent to the 2011 Southeast Asian Games that was held in Indonesia, wherein they captured the gold medal against Thailand. His teammates include Ateneo Blue Eagles' Kiefer Ravena, Nico Salva, Emman Monfort, Greg Slaughter and Justin Chua together with Jeric Fortuna and Jeric Teng of the UST Growling Tigers, Bobby Ray Parks of the NU Bulldogs, RR Garcia of the FEU Tamaraws, Garvo Lanete, Dave Marcelo and Jake Pascual of the San Beda Red Lions they are also joined by two Filipino-Americans Cliff Hodge and Chris Ellis. They are under the mentorship of Coach Norman Black and Coach Glenn Capacio.
PBA career.
On August 3, 2012 he declared for the 2012 PBA Rookie Draft after years of focusing to the SMART Gilas Pilipinas National Team. The draft took place on August 19 at Robinson's Midtown Mall. He was selected 7th overall by the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters during the 1st round.
PBA career statistics.
"Correct as of October 27, 2013"
Awards and Nominations.
2013
PBA All Rookie Team (won)
2013
ASEAN Youth Day Award (won)
2013
The Outstanding Young Men (TOYM) Award (won)

</doc>
<doc id="19342911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342911" title="Hans Belting">
Hans Belting

Hans Belting (born 7 July 1935, Andernach) is a German art historian and theorist of medieval and Renaissance art, as well as contemporary art and image theory. He was born in Andernach, Germany, and studied at the universities of Mainz and Rome, and took his doctorate in art history at the University of Mainz. Subsequently he has held a fellowship at Dumbarton Oaks (Harvard University), Washington, D.C..
Belting taught as a professor at the University of Hamburg in 1966. He taught as a professor of art history at the University of Heidelberg, and from 1980 to 1992 as a professor at the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität at Munich. From 1992 until his retirement in 2002, he was professor at the Institute for Art History and Media Theory at the State College of Design in Karlsruhe. From October 2004 until the end of September 2007, Belting served as Director of the Internationalen Forschungszentrums Kulturwissenschaften (International Research Centre for Cultural Studies) in Vienna.
Belting is a member of various scientific academies in Germany and the U.S., including the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences, a fellow of the Wissenschaftskolleg in Berlin, and honorary member of the Zentrum für Literatur- und Kulturforschung Berlin (since 2006). He is a member of the Order pour le Mérite of Arts and Sciences and a member of the Board of Trustees of the Museum of Modern Art Ludwig Foundation Vienna (MUMOK). He was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1992.
Belting published his first monograph in 1962 ("Die Basilica dei Ss. Martiri in Cimitile") and since then has authored more than thirty books, some of them translated in various languages. His essay "The End of Art History?" attracted considerable attention and Belting expanded it in successive editions.

</doc>
<doc id="19342914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342914" title="Holy Flesh movement">
Holy Flesh movement

The term Holy Flesh movement is a derogatory term given to a brief but controversial religious movement within the Seventh-day Adventist Church from the late 1890s till 1901 The movement in Indiana, just before the wider outbreak of Pentecostal-like phenomena in the U.S. state, combined enthusiastic forms of worship with millenarian ideas about the perfectibility of human nature. Recent research suggests that the movement shaped Adventist attitudes towards charismatic religious experiences and worship styles for a century after. 
Beginnings.
In the 19th century, sporadic outbreaks of emotionally-expressive and body-centered worship styles occurred in various branches of evangelical Protestantism. The Holiness movement in particular spawned dozens of these, each with unique doctrinal content and associated personalities. An Adventist version, the so-called "holy flesh movement," followed the teachings of A. F. Ballenger (1861-1921), who was in turn influenced by the Holiness movement and who advocated an emphasis on the Holy Spirit in Christian thought and life. 
Indiana.
In Indiana, Ballenger's ideas were picked up by S. S. Davis, a minister and evangelist, who was supported by his Conference president, Robert Donnell (1844–1937). Davis was impressed by the enthusiasm of a group of Pentecostals he worked with.
"The Holy Flesh theory alleged that those who follow the Saviour must have their fallen natures perfected by passing through a “Garden of Gethsemane” experience... Eyewitness accounts report that in their services the fanatics worked up a high pitch of excitement by use of musical instruments such as organs, flutes, fiddles, tambourines, horns, and even a big bass drum. They sought a physical demonstration and shouted and prayed and sang until someone in the congregation would fall, prostrate and unconscious, from his seat. One or two men, walking up and down the aisle for the purpose, would drag the fallen person up on the rostrum. Then about a dozen individuals would gather around the prostrate body, some singing, some shouting, and some praying, all at the same time. When the subject revived, he was counted among those who had passed through the Gethsemane experience, had obtained holy flesh, and had translation faith. Thereafter, it was asserted, he could not sin and would never die." 
Like many short-lived, enthusiastic or revivalistic movements, this one died out by early 1901.
Ellen White's critique.
In January 1900, Ellen White received a vision about it while in Australia. S. N. Haskell (1833–1922) and A. J. Breed were sent to the campmeeting at Muncie to meet this "fanaticism". At the 1901 General Conference Session, Ellen White criticized the Holy Flesh teachings as "error" on April 17 stating:
"It is impossible to estimate too largely the work that the Lord will accomplish through His proposed vessels carrying out His mind and purpose. The things you have described as taking place in Indiana, the Lord has shown me would take place Just before the close of probation. Every uncouth thing will be demonstrated. There will be shouting, with drums, music, and dancing. The senses of rational beings will become so confused that they cannot be trusted to make right decisions. And this is called the moving of the Holy Spirit."
"The Holy Spirit never reveals Itself in such methods, in such a bedlam of noise. This is an invention of Satan to cover up his ingenious methods for making of none effect the pure, sincere, elevating, ennobling, sanctifying truth for this time. Better never have the worship of God blended with music than to use musical instruments to do the work which last January was represented to me would be brought into our camp meetings. The truth for this time needs nothing of this kind in its work of converting souls. A bedlam of noise shocks the senses and perverts that which if conducted aright might be a blessing. The powers of satanic agencies blend with the din and noise, to have a carnival, and this is termed the Holy Spirit's working.
"When the camp meeting is ended, the good which ought to have been done and which might have been done by the presentation of sacred truth is not accomplished. Those participating in the supposed revival receive Impressions, which lead them adrift. They cannot tell what they formerly knew regarding Bible principles.
"No encouragement should be given to this kind of worship. The same kind of influence came in after the passing of the time in 1844. The same kind of representations were made. Men became excited, and were worked by a power thought to be the power of God...
I will not go into all the painful history; it is too much. But last January the Lord showed me that erroneous theories and methods would be brought into our camp meetings, and that the history of the past would be repeated. I felt greatly distressed. I was instructed to say that at these demonstrations demons in the form of men are present, working with all the ingenuity that Satan can employ to make the truth disgusting to sensible people; that the enemy was trying to arrange matters so that the campmeetings, which have been the means of bringing the truth of the third angel's message before multitudes, should lose their force and influence.
"The Holy Spirit has nothing to do with such a confusion of noise and multitude of sounds as passed before me last January. Satan works amid the din and confusion of such music, which, properly conducted, would be a praise and glory to God. He makes its effect like the poison sting of the serpent.
"Those things which have been in the past will be in the future. Satan will make music a snare by the way in which it is conducted. God calls upon His people, who have the light before them in the Word and in the Testimonies, to read and consider, and to take heed. Clear and definite instruction has been given in order that all may understand. But the Itching desire to originate something new results in strange doctrines, and largely destroys the influence of those who would be a power for good if they held firm the beginning of their confidence in the truth the Lord had given them. " 
Influence on Later Adventist Attitudes.
For the last hundred years or so, SDA attitudes towards charismatic experience and lively worship styles have been somewhat negative, due largely to Ellen White's negative response to the movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19342929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342929" title="Swimming at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle

The qualifying heats and the finals of the Men's 400 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1995 were held on Friday 25 August 1995 in Vienna, Austria.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19342930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342930" title="Yachting Association of Sri Lanka">
Yachting Association of Sri Lanka

The Yachting Association of Sri Lanka (YASL) is a yacht club in Colombo, Sri Lanka. It was formerly known as Colombo Sailing Club.
This club has seen its activity much reduced during the past three decades owing to the civil war in the island. Even so the YASL manages to organize regattas regularly, like the Janashanthi Sailing Nationals. In July 2004 the Yachting Asoociation of Sri Lanka revived the Tri-nation Regatta, in which yachts from India and Pakistan compete with local yachts. Nationals were held on January 2012.
The YASL has a sailing school and a small Optimist fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="19342959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342959" title="Selenium deficiency">
Selenium deficiency

Selenium deficiency is relatively rare in healthy well-nourished individuals. Few cases in humans have been reported.
Causes.
It can occur in patients with severely compromised intestinal function, those undergoing total parenteral nutrition, those who have had gastrointestinal bypass surgery, and also on advanced aged people (over 90).
Alternatively, people dependent on food grown from selenium-deficient soil are also at risk.
For some time now in medical literature it has been noted the pattern of side-effects associated with cholesterol lowering drugs statins resembles the pathology of selenium deficiency.
Reference ranges.
In the USA, the Dietary Reference Intake for adults is 55 µg/day. In the UK it is 75 µg/day for adult males and 60 µg/day for adult females. 55 µg/day recommendation is based on full expression of plasma glutathione peroxidase. Selenoprotein P is a better indicator of selenium nutritional status, and full expression of it would require more than 66 µg/day.
Presentation.
Selenium deficiency in combination with Coxsackievirus infection can lead to Keshan disease, which is potentially fatal. Selenium deficiency also contributes (along with iodine deficiency) to Kashin-Beck disease. The primary symptom of Keshan disease is myocardial necrosis, leading to weakening of the heart. Kashin-Beck disease results in atrophy, degeneration and necrosis of cartilage tissue. Keshan disease also makes the body more susceptible to illness caused by other nutritional, biochemical, or infectious diseases. 
Selenium is also necessary for the conversion of the thyroid hormone thyroxine (T4) into its more active counterpart, triiodothyronine
, and as such a deficiency can cause symptoms of hypothyroidism, including extreme fatigue, mental slowing, goiter, cretinism and recurrent miscarriage.
Epidemiology and prevention.
These diseases are most common in certain parts of China where the intake is low because the soil is extremely deficient in selenium. Studies in Jiangsu Province of China have indicated a reduction in the prevalence of these diseases by taking selenium supplements.
In Finland, selenium salts are added to chemical fertilizers, as a way to increase selenium in soils.
Selenium deficiency in non-human animals.
In some regions (e.g. much of the northeastern and northwestern US and adjacent Canada, and the southeastern US), selenium deficiency in some animal species is common unless supplementation is carried out. Selenium deficiency is responsible (either alone or together with vitamin E deficiency) for many of the cases of WMD ("white muscle disease"), evidenced at slaughter or during necropsy by whitish appearance of striated muscle tissue due to bleaching by peroxides and hydroperoxides. Although this degenerative disease can occur in foals, pigs and other animal species, ruminants are particularly susceptible. In general, absorption of dietary selenium is lower in ruminants than in non-ruminants, and is lower from forages than from grain. Sheep are more susceptible than cattle to WMD, and goats are more susceptible than sheep. Because of selenium's role in certain peroxidases (converting hydroperoxides to alcohols) and because of the antioxidant role of vitamin E (preventing hydroperoxide formation), a low level of Se can be somewhat (but not wholly) compensated by a high level of vitamin E. (In the animal, localization of peroxidases and vitamin E differs, partly because of the fat-solubility of vitamin E.) Some studies have indicated that about 0.12 or 0.23 mg Se per kg of dry matter intake may be sufficient for avoiding Se deficiency in sheep in some circumstances. However, somewhat higher Se intake may be required for avoidance of WMD where certain legumes are consumed. The cyanogenic glycosides in some white clover (Trifolium repens) varieties may influence the Se requirement, presumably because of cyanide from the aglycone released by glucosidase activity in the rumen and inactivation of glutathione peroxidases by the effect of absorbed cyanide on the glutathione moiety.
In areas where selenium deficiency in livestock is a concern, selenium (as selenite) may be supplemented in feed. In some countries, e.g. the US and Canada, such supplementation is regulated. Neonate ruminants at risk of WMD may be administered both Se and vitamin E by injection; some of the WMD myopathies respond only to Se, some only to vitamin E, and some to either.

</doc>
<doc id="19342976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342976" title="Hans-Joachim Pancherz">
Hans-Joachim Pancherz

Hans-Joachim Pancherz (born 15 April 1914) was a German aviator and test pilot.
Biography.
Hans-Joachim Pancherz was born in Bytom, then Beuthen, in Upper Silesia.
From 1933 he worked as a civilian flight instructor at the Würzburg, Kitzingen and Fürth flying schools, and at the Dresden Air War School (Luftkriegsschule 1). In 1934 he gained experience as a test pilot at the "E-Stelle Rechlin", the German test centre and in 1938 was offered the chance to fly for the SCADTA airline in Colombia.
Returning to Germany in 1940, he began working for Junkers at Dessau as a test pilot, mainly with Junkers' larger machines, including the Ju 90, Ju 290 and finally the Ju 390. On 15 July 1943 he became one of the first pilots to eject from an aircraft in flight when he ejected from the Ju 290 SB+QF over Rechlin after the aircraft began to come apart in flight after a flutter test. He also helped test the Me 163 and the Ju 248, making the latter's first flight.
During World War II Pancherz was the chief pilot for Junkers on their massive six engined Ju 390 project. In his own post war recollections in 1969 he declared to the British "Daily Telegraph" newspaper from his home in Barcelona that he flew a Ju 390 to Cape Town and back on an air-to air refuelling mission. 
Following the war, he flew for the US army of occupation until 1948 when he went to Sweden. After flying Ju 52s for a local company, he joined the Swedish aviation company Malmö Flygindustri as a designer and consultant, where he worked until his retirement in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19342980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19342980" title="Robert Ward (novelist)">
Robert Ward (novelist)

Robert Ward is an American writer. He is a native of Baltimore currently living in Los Angeles. Ward has numerous credits as novelist, teacher, journalist, screenwriter, producer, and actor.
Biography.
Novelist.
"Shedding Skin" was published in 1972 after taking five years to complete. Ward worked on it for two years while living in a hippie commune in the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco. He destroyed the first draft of the manuscript before moving back to Baltimore where he began working on it once again. In 1968, in the aftermath of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., he escaped the North Ave. riots in Baltimore with only his manuscript and guitar before his block was burned down. Some chapters from "Shedding Skin" were published in the Winter 1970 Carolina Quarterly. "Shedding Skin" was published by Harper & Row in 1972. After publication it won the National Endowment of the Arts award for first novel of exceptional merit.
"Cattle Annie and Little Britches" was adapted into a movie in 1981 that was directed by Lamont Johnson. Ward adapted his own novel. It saw some favorable responses from critics, including praise from "The New York Times", before being pulled from theaters after only one week. 
After the publication of "Red Baker" it was optioned and Ward wrote a screenplay for it. David Milch read the screenplay and offered Ward a job on "Hill Street Blues". The episode "Oh You Kid" was based on the pitch. 
Red Baker won the Pen West Award as The Best Novel Published in the United States in 1985.
"Grace" is a fictional biography of his grandmother, a Baltimore activist in the Civil Rights Movement.
"Four Kinds of Rain" was a 2006 nominee for the Hammett Prize.
Ward's next novel, "Total Immunity", came out in 2009. It was the first book in a series with an F.B.I. protagonist, Agent Jack Harper, which continued in 2012 with "The Best Bad Dream".
Personal life.
Robert Ward was born in Baltimore, Maryland. When he was 15 years old he went to live with his paternal grandmother, Grace, a local social activist. He did his undergraduate work at Towson State University before earning his MFA in writing at the University of Arkansas. While living in the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco he began working on his first novel, "Shedding Skin", before moving back to Baltimore for its completion. He taught English at Miami University in Hamilton, Ohio for two years, then moved to Geneva, New York, where he taught at Hobart and William Smith College. In 1974, he started his career as a journalist, writing for magazines such as "New Times" and "Sport". He moved to New York in 1976 and continued writing "New Journalism" for eight years. During this period, he wrote his novel "Cattle Annie and Little Britches" as well as the screenplay for the feature film based on the book. After the publication of his fourth novel, Red Baker, in 1985 he was approached by David Milch and offered a job to write for "Hill Street Blues". After "Hill Street" concluded, Ward become the co-Executive Producer of "Miami Vice", and spent five years writing scripts and producing TV movies at Universal Studios. He continues to write and produce television shows and movies as well publish novels.

</doc>
<doc id="19343026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343026" title="Chapingo Autonomous University">
Chapingo Autonomous University

Universidad Autónoma Chapingo (Chapingo Autonomous University) is an agricultural college located in Texcoco, Mexico State in Mexico. The university is a federally funded public institution of higher education. It offers technical and full bachelor’s degrees as well as having scientific and technological research programs. Many of these programs are related to agriculture, forestry and fishing.
The school began as the Escuela Nacional de Agricultura (National School of Agriculture) which was founded in 1854 at the Monastery of San Jacinto in Mexico City. The school was moved in 1923 to the President Álvaro Obregón ex Hacienda of Chapingo. Postgraduate studies were added in 1959. The school received autonomous status in 1978. It offers courses of study in Forestry, Agricultural Economics, Agricultural Industries, Irrigation, Rural Sociology and more.
The main attraction for visitors at this school is its murals. In the old hacienda chapel, which is now the University Ceremonies Room is a mural by Diego Rivera called “Tierra Fecundada” (Fertile Land). This work was begun in 1924 and completed in 1927. Covering an area of over 700m2, the work divides into three parts. The left panel depicts man’s struggle to have land, the right panel shows the evolution of Mother Nature and the center shows the communion between man and earth. It is considered to be one of Rivera’s best works. More recently, the school acquired an unnamed mural by Luis Nishizawa. This work was produced during his last year at the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plasticas (ENAP) of UNAM and depicts the agriculture of Mexico in both the past and the present. The work is six meters high, nine meters wide and in the form of a triangle. It is placed in a building that is commonly called “El Partenon.” 
The school is also home to the National Museum of Agriculture. The 2,000 m2 facility presents the development of agriculture in Mexico from the pre-Hispanic past to the present day. The collection has about 4,000 objects relating to technology, agronomy including farming implements and photographs by Hanz Gutmann.

</doc>
<doc id="19343034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343034" title="John Brogan">
John Brogan

John Brogan may refer to Scottish association football players:

</doc>
<doc id="19343047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343047" title="1959 FA Charity Shield">
1959 FA Charity Shield

The 1959 FA Charity Shield was the 37th FA Charity Shield, a football match between the winners of the previous season's First Division and FA Cup titles. This year's match was contested by league champions Wolverhampton Wanderers and FA Cup winners Nottingham Forest. 
The match was held at the start of the season for the first time, and was staged at Wolves' stadium, Molineux. The hosts won the game 3–1, giving them their only outright Shield win (in addition to three shared wins).

</doc>
<doc id="19343078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343078" title="Exciter (O.T.T.)">
Exciter (O.T.T.)

Exciter is the fifth studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter, released through the Canadian label Maze Music in 1988. The album was re-released in 1995 Magnetic Air Records and again by Megaforce Records in 2005 with the title O.T.T., which stands for Over the Top. This is the first album as a quartet, with new frontman Rob Malnati replacing Dan Beehler as lead vocalist of the band.
Track listing.
All songs by McPhee, Johnson and Beehler.

</doc>
<doc id="19343088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343088" title="Air Force Intelligence Directorate">
Air Force Intelligence Directorate

The Air Force Intelligence Directorate (, "Idarat al-Mukhabarat al-Jawiyya") is an intelligence service of Syria. Idarat al-Mukhabarat al-Jawiyya is possibly Syria's most powerful intelligence service, owing its importance to Hafez al-Assad's role as the Air Force commander.
Despite its name, it is mainly involved with issues other than air force intelligence, and took an active part in the suppression of the Muslim Brotherhood rebellion in the 1980s. Agents of this service have frequently been stationed in Syrian embassies or branch offices of the national airline.
The service was headed for nearly thirty years by Maj. Gen. Muhammad al-Khuli, who was trusted by Hafez al-Assad and had an office adjacent to the president's in the presidential palace. 
In 1995, it was headed by Ibrahim Huwayji. As of 2011 it is headed by Jamil Hassan, a member of the Alawite sect. Gen Hassan, an Alawite, previously served as a security official in the eastern governorate of Deir al-Zour. In late April 2011, personnel from Air Force Intelligence fired tear gas and live ammunition to disperse crowds of demonstrators who took to the streets in Damascus and other cities after noon prayers, killing at least 43 people, according to the US. The next month, the EU said Gen Hassan was "involved in the repression against the civilian population" during the recent anti-government unrest, and imposed a travel ban and asset freeze on him. He is a part of Bashar al-Assad's inner circle.
The Service has also taken part in the efforts to put down the 2011 protests against Bashar al-Assad's government. It is known to have been active in the town of Talkalakh near the Lebanese border.

</doc>
<doc id="19343089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343089" title="Inger Frimansson">
Inger Frimansson

Inger Frimansson (born November 14, 1944 in Stockholm) is a popular Swedish novelist and crime writer. Having previously worked for 30 years as a journalist, her first novel "The Double Bed" ("Dubbelsängen") was published in 1984. Since then she has written around twenty-five books including poetry, short stories, and books for children. Her breakthrough was with "Godnatt, min älskade" in 1998. Her crime novels are best described as psychological thrillers.

</doc>
<doc id="19343098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343098" title="1996 FIBA Intercontinental Cup">
1996 FIBA Intercontinental Cup

The 1996 FIBA Intercontinental Cup was a professional basketball competition that was contested through a best-of-three playoff format, in September 1996, in order to determine the world club champion. It was the 21st edition of the FIBA Intercontinental Cup. It was contested between the winners of the 1995–96 season of the FIBA Euroleague, Panathinaikos, and Olimpia de Venado Tuerto, the winners of the 1996 edition of the South American League.
The first game of the 3 game series was held on 4 September 1996, at the Estadio Cubierto Newell's Old Boys, the home arena of Olimpia de Venado Tuerto. Olimpia won the first game of the series by a score of 89–83. The Olympic Indoor Hall hosted the last 2 games, on 10 September 1996, and 12 September 1996. Panathinaikos won the second and third games of the series, and became the 1996 world club champions.
Series summary.
"Panathinaikos won the series 2-1."
Game 1.
Olimpia: Montecchia 6, Racca 25, Wilson 8, Jadlow 21, Uranga 7, Victoriano 12, Gutiérrez 2, Nocioni 2, Zulberti 6. 
Panathinaikos: Dinkins 7, Alvertis 21, Koch 0, Amaechi 23, Martínez 8, Oikonomou 8, Georgikopoulos 0, Sconochini 16.
Game 2.
Panathinaikos: Dinkins 7, Sconochini 3, Alvertis 30, Oikonomou 16, Amaechi 19, Koch 8, Martínez 0. 
Olimpia: Montecchia 5, Racca 11, Wilson 15, Uranga 4, Jadlow 9, Gutiérrez 5, Victoriano 23, Zulberti 0, Nocioni 6.
Game 3.
Panathinaikos: Dinkins 24, Sconochini 12, Alvertis 8, Oikonomou 9, Amaechi 18, Koch 9, Martínez 13, Georgikopoulos 5, Skoutaris 3.
Olimpia: Montecchia 1, Racca 28, Wilson 6, Uranga 2, Jadlow 20, Gutiérrez 0, Victoriano 14, Zulberti 5, Nocioni 0, Burgos 0.

</doc>
<doc id="19343099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343099" title="Ahmed Samir Farag">
Ahmed Samir Farag

Ahmed Samir Farag (; born 20 May 1986) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Egyptian club Zamalek. He is a member of the Egyptian national football team. Farag mainly plays as a left back but can play as a left midfielder and left winger.
In June 2008, arag was chosen to the Egypt national football team squad and took a place in the line-up for the five matches Egypt played in 2010 World Cup Qualifiers. He made his debut match against Congo DR on 1 June 2008.
He was a member of Egypt U-21 team in two successive world championships, 2005 World Youth Cup held in Netherlands and 2003 World Youth Cup in UAE. After his performance in 2003, Farag signed his first professional contract with FC Sochaux-Montbéliard at the age of 17, transferring from Al-Ahly of Egypt. He was nominated for Young Player of the Year in Africa in 2005.In 2011, he won the best player prize in the Nile Basin Tournament in Egypt. In 27/2/2014 He joined Zamalek SC for 2 years and half .
References.
currently plays for zamalek sc 
http://www.elzamalek.org/main/news/27735-%D8%B1%D8%B3%D9%85%D9%8A%D8%A7-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B2%D9%85%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%83-%D9%8A%D8%B6%D9%85-%D8%B3%D9%85%D9%8A%D8%B1-%D9%81%D8%B1%D8%AC

</doc>
<doc id="19343104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343104" title="Tota Roy Chowdhury">
Tota Roy Chowdhury

Tota Roy Chowdhury (Bengali - টোটা রায়চৌধুরী, ţoţa raechoudhuri) is a Bengali, Indian male actor and martial artist of TV and films. An alumnus of Goethals Memorial School, Kurseong; he was brought up in strict discipline by the Irish-Catholic brothers. He represented his school in football, basketball and athletics. In his final year, he won the schools Best Athlete shield. He graduated from St. Xaviers College, Kolkata. In his 2nd year in college, he made up his mind to join the Indian Army and was preparing for the CDS exams when fate intervened and he was asked by the prominent director Prabhat Roy to play a small role in his film. That one film brought other offers and soon he decided to become a professional actor. He started off by playing minor negative characters who got beaten to pulp, by the hero, in Bengali potboilers. After a while he was so fed up of being typecast that he left movies entirely and concentrated on television. It is here that he first tasted success. He was spotted in back-to-back serials playing very different roles by the national award winning director Rituparno Ghosh and cast opposite Nandita Das in his film Shubho Mahurat. In spite of the presence of such veteran artistes, such as Raakhee, Sharmila Tagore and Nandita Das in the film, Tota made his mark. He was cast again opposite Aishwarya Rai in Rituparno's Tagore adaptation, Chokher Bali. It was his breakthrough performance, which was hailed by both the critics and the cinegoers. He won several awards, including the prestigious BFJA Award for the Best Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19343116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343116" title="List of special elections to the California State Assembly">
List of special elections to the California State Assembly

Special elections to the California State Assembly are called by the Governor of California when a vacancy arises within the State Assembly. Most special elections are conducted in two rounds. The first is an open primary and the candidate with the most votes must have a majority of the votes plus one to win the seat. If no candidate wins a majority a second round is held with the top candidates for each party.
Recall elections, the process by which voters petition for the removal of an elected official, are also included.
List of special elections.
The dates listed only include the open primary round if no second round was held.
List of recall elections.
When applicable, the candidate who succeeded the recalled state assemblymember is listed. If the recall election was not successful the winner is listed as "none".

</doc>
<doc id="19343124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343124" title="Thomas Scott (died 1594)">
Thomas Scott (died 1594)

Sir Thomas Scott (1535 – 30 December 1594), of Scot's Hall in Kent, was an English Member of Parliament (MP).
Family.
Thomas Scott was the eldest son of Sir Reginald Scott, a member of one of the leading families in Kent, by his first wife, Emeline Kempe, the daughter of Sir William Kempe of Ollantigh and Eleanor Browne, daughter of Sir Robert Browne.
Career.
Scott quickly became prominent in public affairs. He was knighted in 1571, served as MP for Kent in the parliaments of 1571 and 1586-7, and was High Sheriff in 1576. He was also a Deputy Lieutenant, a commissioner for draining and improving Romney Marsh, and was in charge of the improvement of Dover harbour. 
In Parliament, Scott seems to have been a consistent scourge of the Roman Catholics. In his first Parliament, he was appointed to a joint committee with the House of Lords to confer with the Royal lawyers on how to deal with Mary, Queen of Scots. On 15 May 1572, in the debate following the committee's report to the Commons, he regaled the House with his conclusion, that the Scots Queen was not the root of the mischief: ""Rather, as a good physician before prescribing medicine, he would seek out the causes. Papistry was the principal."" The second cause was the uncertainty of the succession, and the medicine he prescribed was threefold - taking away Mary's title to the succession, establishing an alternative heir and, as these two alone would be insufficient, cutting off the heads of the Scots Queen and the Duke of Alva. Scott's drastic advice was echoed by many others in the debate, but was not adopted by the government.
In February 1587, Scott was warning Parliament of the danger from Spain. (His second son, John, was serving with the army in the Netherlands, and was soon to win a knighthood for his services. ) He told the Commons that in his view there was ""more danger by advancing Papists into place of trust and government than by anything"", advice which no doubt went down well with the mood of the day, but also considered the dangers of invasion, drawing from the resistance to Julius Caesar the lesson that the enemy should be countered at sea or fought while landing on the beaches. His attack on the Catholics caught the imagination of the Puritan members, and he was forthwith appointed to the head of a small committee ""to search certain houses in Westminster suspected of receiving and harbouring of Jesuits, seminaries or of seditious and Popish books and trumperies of superstition."" But he did not neglect his own advice on more practical military defences: at the time of the Spanish Armada the following year, he was appointed head of the defensive force assembled to meet any invasion in Kent, and equipped four thousand men at his own expense within a day of receiving his orders. 
The esteem in which he was held was demonstrated after his death in 1594 by an offer from the parish of Ashford to bury him in the parish church free of charge, although his heirs declined the offer and he was buried at Brabourne.
Marriages and issue.
Scott married firstly Elizabeth Baker (d. 17 November 1583), the daughter of Sir John Baker of Sissinghurst and sister of Thomas Sackville, 1st Earl of Dorset, by whom he had ten sons and four daughters:
He married secondly Elizabeth Heyman (d.1595), the daughter of Ralph Heyman of Somerfield, by whom he had no issue.
He married thirdly Dorothy Bere, the daughter of John Bere of Horsman's Place, Dartford, by whom he had no issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19343128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343128" title="Jean Jadot">
Jean Jadot

Jean Jadot (23 November 1909 – 21 January 2009) was a Belgian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as apostolic delegate to the United States from 1973 to 1980, and President of the Secretariat of Non-Christians from 1980 to 1984.
Biography.
Jean Jadot was born in Brussels. He was born to a well-known aristocratic family, and his father, Lambert, was a noted electrical engineer who worked around the world, including China and the Congo. In 1926, he entered the Catholic University of Leuven, from where he obtained his doctorate in philosophy "magna cum laude" in 1930. His thesis was on the work of Alfred Edward Taylor.
Jadot, despite his father's opposition, then entered the seminary of the Archdiocese of Mechelen, and was ordained to the priesthood by Jozef-Ernest Cardinal van Roey on 11 February 1934.
On 23 February 1968, he was appointed titular archbishop of Zuri as well as the apostolic delegate to Laos, Singapore and Malaysia. He was ordained a bishop by Leo Cardinal Suenens on 1 May 1968. 
He was appointed apostolic pro-nuncio to Thailand 28 August 1969. On 15 May 1971, Jadot was appointed apostolic pro-nuncio to Gabon and Cameroon as well as apostolic delegate to Equatorial Guinea. On 23 May 1973 he was appointed the apostolic delegate to the United States and would hold the position until 27 June 1980, when he was appointed as the Pro-President of the Secretariat of Non-Christians. He held the latter position until his retirement on 8 April 1984.
Jadot was considered a progressive leader in the American Church and was at times polarizing in the statements he made and decisions he took. Jadot was seen favorably by the Vatican under Pope Paul VI, who rejected Jadot's initial offer to resign. Paul's second successor, Pope John Paul II, accepted Jadot's subsequent resignation in 1980. It is quite well known that especially under John Paul II Jadot's progressive views were the main obstacle for him to be made a cardinal. 
Jadot died in Woluwe-Saint-Pierre, Belgium, on 21 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19343133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343133" title="Alexida">
Alexida

Alexida (Ancient Greek: ) was a daughter of Amphiaraus, from whom certain divinities called "Elasii" (in Greek, "Elasioi" or , i. e. the averters of epileptic fits) were believed to be descended.

</doc>
<doc id="19343143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343143" title="Vincent Desportes">
Vincent Desportes

Vincent Desportes (born on 24 February 1953) is a retired French Army general and military theorist.
Desportes graduated from the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr, specialising in armour warfare. He also holds an engineer's degree, a "diplôme d'études approfondies" in sociology, a MBA, and graduated from the U.S. Army War College.
He was Military attaché in the French embassy in the USA, aid to the General secretary for national defence, and director of the Centre de doctrine et d'emploi des forces.
Along with Jean-Francois Phelizon, Desportes is co-director of the "Stratégies & Doctrines" collection of Economica editions.
Desportes headed the Collège interarmées de défense in 2008-2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19343153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343153" title="Pilibhit District – Vidhan Sabha Constituencies">
Pilibhit District – Vidhan Sabha Constituencies

Pilibhit district has four constituencies in Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) with name Pilibhit city, Puranpur, Bisalpur and Barkhera. In 1951, Election Commission of India made Pilibhit city, Puranpur, and Bisalpur constituencies. In the year of 1967, all these three constituencies were cut short and a new constituency came into existence with name Barkhera, which is a SC reserve seat since inception.
Pilibhit constituency.
Pilibhit constituency is not a strong seat for any of the political party. The Indian National Congress (INC) party had its influence on this seat in the initial elections and won six elections. Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) won three elections with Ayodhya wave in 1990s and two times was the nearest contesting party in 2002 and 2007. But Samajwadi Party (SP) has maintained its influence in the seat in both elections in the new century. Pilibhit seat has elected one woman candidate Smt. Raj Rai Singh (wife of ex IAS officer) in 1996 on BJP ticket. Apart from her, none of the constituencies has elected any women candidate to the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
Barkhera constituency.
Barkhera constituency came into existence in 1967 as a SC reserve seat in the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly. This seat was a strong seat for Bharatiya Janta Party. Late MLA Kishan Lal has won seven times on BJP's ticket and one time MLA Sukh Lal, But in recent elections Samajwadi Party has shown its power as MLA Peetam Ram won twice. No women candidate got elected from this seat.
Bisalpur constituency.
No political party has a clear cut influence on this seat. At initial elections, Socialist Party, Praja Socialist Party and Bharatiya Karnti Dal won this seat a few times. Then three times Congress Party candidates and two times Janata Party candidates won this seat. But after 1990s Ayodhya wave Bharatiya Janata Party has maintained its influence on the voters of the constituency as it won twice and was the nearest contesting party for four times. In recent years, Bahujan Samaj Party has kept it under its influence. No women candidate got elected from this seat yet.
Puranpur constituency.
Puranpur constituency is the only seat where Congress Party had its impact till 1989 election, although it won this seat four times and was the nearest contesting party for four times. At Initial elections, Socialist Party, Praja Socialist Party and Bharatiya Karnti Dal won this seat a few times. Janata Party, Bahujan Samaj Party, Samajwadi Party and Janata Dal has won this seat one time each. Bharatiya Janata Party have made this seat twice. No women candidate got elected from this seat yet.
SoP indicates Socialist Party of India
PSP indicates Praja Socialist Party
BKD indicates Bharatiya Kranti Dal
BLD indicates Bharatiya Lok Dal
INC indicates Indian National Congress
BJS indicates Bharatiya Jana Sangh
JP indicates Janata Party
JD indicates Janata Dal
BJP indicates Bharatiya Janata Party
SP indicates Samajwadi Party
BSP indicates Bahujan Samaj Party
IND indicates Independent candidate
All details are taken from Election Commission web site.

</doc>
<doc id="19343159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343159" title="InterCon Systems Corporation">
InterCon Systems Corporation

InterCon Systems Corporation (a Virginia Corporation) was founded in April 1988 by Kurt D. Baumann and Mikki Barry to produce software to connect Macintosh computers to other computers. At the time, there was no real concept of the Internet and there was still a question of whether the TCP/IP protocols or OSI protocols would be adopted widely. Over the next 9 years, the company grew from three employees to over 100 and sold software in the US, Europe and Japan.
In June 1995, InterCon was acquired by PSINet and continued to sell and maintain its suite of TCP/IP software.
In February 1996, PSINet merged InterCon with Software Ventures (another Macintosh communication software company).
In February 1997, InterCon's engineering group and its products were sold to Ascend Communications.
Products.
In 1988, InterCon was pursuing two product lines, TCP/Connect (based originally on NCSA Telnet), and an email product. Unfortunately, the licensing for the email product fell through in negotiations, so it was never sold, and InterCon would have to wait a few more years (until TCP/Connect II) before it could provide email to customers.
TCP/Connect.
TCP/Connect was InterCon's flagship product. Launched at Macworld Conference & Expo in August 1988, the product provided the same features as NCSA Telnet, with commercial technical support as its only significant added benefit. This was to change rapidly over the next few months, and by October of that year, InterCon was showing the product at the first InterOp Expo with new features including a graphical FTP Client (one of the first on the Macintosh) and IBM 3270 emulation.
Over the next few years, InterCon added more terminal emulation and file transfer capabilities to the product, but no other major protocols until the product was replaced with a significant rewrite: TCP/Connect II.
TCP/Connect II.
TCP/Connect II was to remain InterCon's flagship product from 1990 until 1995. Although TCP/Connect was primarily a terminal emulation and file transfer program, TCP/Connect II branched out into a full-fledged internet suite. At introduction, it featured email and network news reader support along with additional terminal emulations in addition to the already-popular IBM 3270, and DEC VT-240 emulations.
Over the next 5 years, the product evolved quickly and kept or set the pace for many advanced features, including embedded graphics and multimedia content in email; advanced email automation, filtering, and highlighting; a high-speed web browser; a gopher client; and many minor features and protocols.
After the introduction of InterCon's web browser in TCP/Connect II, AOL licensed the browser in 1995 for use with their dial-up networking services. In order to separate the browser from the rest of the suite, it was dubbed WebShark.
tcpCONNECT4.
tcpCONNECT4 (renamed from TCP/Connect II and with additional features) was a "do-everything suite of TCP/IP applications for Internet or intranet use" that was released in 1996 and had few changes before the company's sale to Ascend Communications.
NFS/Share.
NFS/Share was InterCon's second most popular product and provided high-performance access to file servers using the NFS protocol. NFS was used widely in educational environments because it was the key file sharing system for Sun Microsystems's line of UNIX servers. NFS/Share's adoption mirrored that popularity, finding a home in many educational institutions and pre-press environments.
NFS/Share used many techniques to increase performance and provide a smooth experience for users, as such providing some of the best performance in the marketplace.
Shark Series.
In 1995, InterCon decided to more directly approach the consumer market with a series of "Shark" branded products; NetShark, WebShark, and MailShark. The products were directly derived from the source code for TCP/Connect II (or 4 at the time) and was missing the Terminal Emulation technology.
NetShark.
NetShark (and the derivative MailShark) was an internet suite product based on TCP/Connect but including only email and web clients. The slimmed-down version was aimed at consumers, but never really became a popular offering.
MailShark.
MailShark was created but never sold. It contained only the email portions of TCP/Connect.
WebShark.
WebShark contained only the web browser portion of TCP/Connect. WebShark was licensed by AOL for use with their Macintosh clients to provide access to the web. A rebranded WebShark similarly shipped as Apple's eWorld Web Browser.
InterPPP/InterSLIP.
InterSLIP and InterPPP were software packages that enabled Macintosh users to communicate over TCP/IP using dial-up lines without having to use an embedded TCP/IP stack. These products worked with Apple's MacTCP.
InterPrint.
InterPrint was a printing product designed to allow Macintoshes to print to PostScript printers connected over TCP/IP networks. Mostly used in corporate and prepress environments, the product integrated directly into Apple's printer architecture.
InterServer Publisher.
InterServer Publisher was a web server package designed to run in the background on a Macintosh.
Planet X.
Planet X was an X Window System client for Macintosh that allowed you to send the screen from your Macintosh as a window to any X Window System server. The product was developed by a third party and was marketed and sold by InterCon starting in 1991.
WatchTower.
WatchTower was the first SNMP Network Monitoring System developed for the Macintosh computer Developed by GBP Software (now ClueTrust) and published and sold by InterCon starting in 1990, WatchTower was the first product of its kind on the Macintosh. Although it was never a high volume product (not surprising at a retail price of $2,495), it did represent the first monitor (and agent) for the Macintosh.
IPv6 Participation.
When the initial research for IPv6 was being done, InterCon participated by creating an implementation of the SIPP protocol running on the Macintosh as part of an experimental version of TCP/Connect II. Although SIPP wasn't adopted, this early effort confirmed the interest of Internet software vendors in creating IPv6-capable software.
Internet Services in Japan (IIKK).
In 1992, InterCon saw the need to expand commercial internet services in Japan in order to bolster its position in the TCP/IP market there. To do this, the company created a Japanese subsidiary, IIKK and partnered with AT&T JENS (a subsidiary of AT&T) to create one of the first commercial internet service providers in the country.
IIKK's initial POP was in Joi Ito's bathroom.
IIKK's first offices were in an old karaoke bar in Myogadani.
PSINet purchased IIKK and it became the core of PSINet Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19343163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343163" title="Le Vieux Cordelier">
Le Vieux Cordelier

Le Vieux Cordelier was a journal published in France between 5 December 1793 and 3 February 1794. Its radical criticism of ultra-revolutionary fervor and repression in France during the Reign of Terror contributed significantly to the downfall and execution of the Dantonists, among whom its author, the journalist Camille Desmoulins, numbered. It comprised seven numbers, of which six appeared; the seventh remained unpublished for some forty years. 
The title of the "Vieux Cordelier" ("Old Cordelier") refers to the Cordeliers Club, an influential revolutionary society that, from its relatively moderate origins under Danton, had come to be associated with ultra-revolutionary factions – principally the followers of journalist Jacques René Hébert. Desmoulins sought to ally his journal's arguments with the less extreme politics of the earlier, "old" Cordeliers, while simultaneously repudiating the violent, anti-religious Hébertists. In this goal, Desmoulins was supported by Maximilien Robespierre, who viewed the "Vieux Cordelier"'s attacks on the Hébertists as an effective means of reducing the faction's power and popularity. However, later numbers of the journal introduced criticisms of the Revolutionary Tribunal, the Committee of Public Safety, and Robespierre himself.
The third number of the "Vieux Cordelier", appearing 25 Frimaire (15 December 1793), purported to quote without comment passages from the Annals of the Roman historian Tacitus concerning the oppressive reign of the emperor Tiberius. While more likely drawn from the "Discourses on Tacitus" published in 1737 by Thomas Gordon, these terse portraits - describing a civilization turned sick by fear and brutality - were effective in drawing a powerful parallel between Rome under Tiberius and France during the Terror.
The fourth number, published 30 Frimaire (20 December 1793), argued against the Law of Suspects, saying, "...in the Declaration of Rights there is no house of suspicion... there are no suspected persons, only those convicted of crimes fixed by the law." It also appealed for a "Committee of Clemency" to counter the excesses of the Committee of Public Safety and Committee of General Security. So controversial were these views that Desmoulins was expelled from the Cordeliers Club and denounced at the Jacobin Club. Robespierre, hoping to present his friend "as an unthinking child who had fallen into bad company," recommended that the offending numbers of the journal be publicly burnt as an alternative to expelling Demoulins from the Jacobins.
In the fifth number, which appeared 16 Nivôse (5 January 1794) though dated 5 Nivôse (25 December 1793), Desmoulins addressed himself in a "justificatory discourse" to the Jacobins, maintaining his calls for an end to the Terror. Shortly after this issue appeared, on 21 Nivôse (10 January), Desmoulins was expelled from the Jacobin Club.
The sixth number, though dated 10 Nivôse (30 December 1793), was further delayed due to the political concerns of its publisher and did not appear until 15 Pluviôse (3 February 1794). Though Desmoulins had rephrased his demands for a Committee of Clemency and called instead for a "Committee of Justice," and turned his attacks again against the politically acceptable target of Hébert, his criticism of the Terror continued. 
The seventh number, written in late March, did not appear in Desmoulins' lifetime; early in the morning of 31 March, he was arrested on a warrant issued by the Revolutionary Tribunal. With Danton, he was tried on charges of counter-revolutionary conspiracy and, on 5 April 1794, was executed by guillotine.

</doc>
<doc id="19343164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343164" title="Sergey Borisenko">
Sergey Borisenko

Sergey Borisenko (; born May 28, 1971) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Kazakhstan. He competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia). His best Olympic result was finishing in 21st place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the Men's 4x100m Freestyle Relay event, alongside Andrey Kvasov, Pavel Sidorov, and Igor Sitnikov.

</doc>
<doc id="19343174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343174" title="Bust Your Windows">
Bust Your Windows

"Bust Your Windows" is the second single by R&B singer-songwriter Jazmine Sullivan from her debut Grammy-nominated album "Fearless". It was available as a digital download on Amazon.com in the U.S. on the September 16, 2008. It was then later released as a promo CD on November 15, 2008 after it was sent to radio stations for airplay around the U.S. "Bust Your Windows" was also nominated in the Best R&B Song category for 2009's Grammy Awards.
Composition.
"Bust Your Windows" is a midtempo R&B song with moderate Latin beat. The song is set in common time with a moderate tempo of 107 beats per minute and is written in the key of F minor. Sullivan's vocal range spans from F3 to Eb5. The song interpolates the lyric "Now watch me you" from Soulja Boy Tell 'Em's signature song "Crank That (Soulja Boy)". The song features Jazmine on both lead and backing vocals.
Critical reception.
Billboard gave it a positive review saying, "Philly newcomer Jazmine Sullivan is the first female in two years to top Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart with a debut—"Need U Bad"—not to mention No. 1 R&B album "Fearless." Theatrical yet believable, the 22-year-old follows with the midtempo "Bust Your Windows," emoting one of the most challenging vocals from a female R&B artist this year. Sullivan's husky voice floats effortlessly over an eerie underlining violin score, originating from a sample of producer Salaam Remi's composition "Bad Man Waltz." With two Billboard Hot 100 singles on the charts (and climbing), the prime-time drama that is Sullivan's music deserves to have a second season picked up. She's on fire and set to become one of the heralded new acts of the year." It features a part from Inglesina. "Slant Magazine" also had a very positive reaction saying that: "The R&B answer to Carrie Underwood's "Before He Cheats," Sullivan's current single, "Bust Your Windows," finds the singer following the American Idol winner's lead by taking a crowbar to her ex's car, but where Underwood's song scans like a pipedream, Sullivan exposes the reality beneath the revenge fantasy: "Oh, but why am I the one who's still crying?" Salaam Remi, who produced part of Amy Winehouse's Back to Black, contributes to the song's emotional weight with ominous, noir-style string samples—which, it should be noted, are taken from his own extensive oeuvre and used throughout "Fearless"." 
"Bust Your Windows" was number 58 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. Epinions reviewed the song:"It's the first hip-hop/R&B song set to a tango backdrop and it fits it perfectly. She slowly builds up a story of breaking the windows out of the car of her ex, who she caught with another woman. She realizes that what she's doing is wrong, that the relief from the pain she feels will be fast and fleeting, but one thing is for certain: a woman scorned, especially this one, is not to be messed with." "The musical layers are deceptively intricate, with a unison string/woodwind line that continually evolves throughout the song and a very simple vocal harmony mix that moves into a call and response against Jazmine's pleas.Neither the facets scream for attention but repeated listens bear out just how well they framed this song."
Commercial reception and remixes.
The single, fueled by strong radio airplay, managed to peak at #4 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Chart, becoming her second consecutive Top 5 single on that chart. "Bust Your Windows" debuted at #81 on the Billboard Hot 100 issued for week 43 of 2008. The single also became her second consecutive Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 when it spent a total of 5 weeks within the top 40. It peaked at #31 and holds the record for Jazmine's highest-peaking single on the chart, so far. The success of the song on this chart continued for weeks on end and it eventually dropped out in early 2009, spending a total of 15 weeks charting. Elsewhere, "Bust Your Windows" gave Jazmine her second consecutive top 20 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay Chart - where it peaked at #18. As well as her second consecutive top 30 hit on the "Billboard" Hot Adult R&B Songs Chart - where it peaked at #22. Towards the end of the single's promotion, Jazmine performed "Bust Your Windows" on CBS's "The Late Late Show" with Craig Ferguson in early January 2009.
On September 16, 2009, Fox featured "Bust Your Windows" in their new early fall hit "Glee". The show's teenage love triangle leads Mercedes (Amber Riley) to break into her own dream-state music video singing Sullivan's 2008 hit. Chris Hollins and Ola Jordan performed an Argentine tango to the song in the semi-final of the seventh series of "Strictly Come Dancing". They went on to win the competition. The song was also featured in the movie "Step Up 3D". The song was covered by a contestant on The Voice UK in May 2013 and caused the song to enter the charts for the first time.
The official remix features The-Dream. This remix is also featured on the 12" Vinyl release of the song in the U.S.. Bad City Rollerz did a club mix released in the U.K. under the name Jazmine Sullivan Bust your windows (BCR Club Mix).Trey Songz has covered this song, releasing the underground track as a response from the male antagonist in the original song by Sullivan. Skillz has also made a remix, which contains additional vocals by Sullivan (though is not the official remix). Chamillionaire has also produced a freestyle called "Car Windows" which features Chalie Boy. Jim Jones, Busta Rhymes and Gorilla Zoe have also made remixes to the song. Ace Hood has also recorded a freestyle over this song. On May 4, 2010, Jed305 posted a remake of this song, "Bust the windows out your car for some chicken". It became a YouTube sensation and had over 4.6 "million" views as of September, 2011.
Music video.
On October 10, 2008, the music video for "Bust Your Windows" premiered on BET's "106 & Park". It features scenes of adultery involving Jazmine's boyfriend in the video mimicking the song and song lyrics. The video, however, does not feature Jazmine physically busting out car windows, as fans expected but instead the intense emotion of the song is displayed through Jazmine breaking wine glasses on a table; there is also a trail of glass leading up to the bedroom where she discovered what would bring out this feeling of rage within her. The setting of the video is dark and features harsh coloured gases passing through the air whilst Jazmine is singing – adding the sense of anger and depression that the video is meant to bring out in the song. Other scenes feature her boyfriend's guilty conscience of what he's done – namely when he hesitantly looks himself in the mirror. The video was also placed at #46 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2008" countdown.
Track listings.
US 12" vinyl<br>
Australia CD single

</doc>
<doc id="19343176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343176" title="Bo Sanchez">
Bo Sanchez

Eugenio Isabelo Tomas Reyes Sanchez Jr. or widely known as Bo Sanchez is a best-selling author, entrepreneur, preacher and lay minister in the Philippines. He is known as the "Preacher in Blue Jeans". 
He was born in July 11, 1966 in Caloocan City to Eugenio and Pilar Sanchez.
He started giving talks at an adult group at age 13. He has published around 27 books and 7 magazines. In 2006 he was a recipient of "The Outstanding Young Men (TOYM)" award for Community Service. In 2007, he received the Serviam Award, the highest award that can be given to a lay practitioner, from the Catholic Mass Media Awards. He publishes a magazine known as "Kerygma" which was translated into a television show at RPN 9. He also anchors the "Gabay sa Biblia sa Radyo" on Radio Veritas.
He is the founder of one of the religious communities in the Philippines, the Light of Jesus (LOJ). The community, as of 2013, has 3,000 members in the Philippines and the rest of the world Through this, he founded two gatherings, the annual inspirational convention "Kerygma Conference" (which was founded on 2006) and the weekly fellowship and worship "The Feast".
Bibliography.
Bo Sanchez published books are the following:
Inspirational
Personal Finance Series
Inner Healing Series
Singles & Relationships
Other Books
External links.
Category;Filipino Christians

</doc>
<doc id="19343189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343189" title="Via Agrippa">
Via Agrippa

Via Agrippa, is any stretch of the network of Roman roads in Gaul that was built by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa, to whom Octavian entrusted the reorganization of the Gauls. In all, the Romans built of roads in Gaul.
Agrippa's project.
Agrippa's network radiated from a hub at the new strategic site of Lugdunum (Lyon). Strabo indicated the directions, which were identified by Pierre Gros:
Though the detailed routes taken by the various stretches of the "Via Agrippa" are well settled on the ground, the dates of construction are still debated: in 39-38 BCE, according to the authors of the "Guide romain antique"; 22-21 BCE, according to Pierre Gros; or between 16-13 BCE, according to Paul Petit.
The southern route.
An ancient salt road passed to the mouths of the Rhône, keeping to the lower slopes of the hills to avoid the river's sometimes swampy flood plain. Under the impetus of Augustus, Agrippa paved a route that lay closer to the river, passing through the important Roman cities of Arles, Avignon, Montélimar, Valence, Vienne, interspersed with relay stations ("mutationes") where a change of horses was maintained for official couriers. This route was augmented by the "Via Antonina" along the right bank of the Rhône.
Traces of the "via Agrippa".
Near Valence, the modern "Route nationale" 7 follows the track of the "via Agrippa". 
To the north of the Isère the "via Agrippa", having passed the crossroads still called "Sept Chemins" ("Seven Roads") followed the line now marked by "Route départementale" 101 towards Beaumont-Monteux; there a "Route communale" and a pathway trace the straight Roman track which serves as boundary between the communes of Beaumont-Monteux and Pont-de-l'Isère. Nearby, the toponym "Vie Magne" records the passage of the "via magna", the "great road".
Roman milestones.
Inscribed standing mile stones placed along the route indicated the miles from the starting point ("capita viae") with Vienne, Valence or Avignon, as well as the magistrate or emperor who had them erected or maintained.
In addition to twenty-two surviving milestones recovered along the route is one of the 3rd or 4th century reused in the ambulatory of the choir of the Cathedral of Valence, where its inscription may still be read: 

</doc>
<doc id="19343215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343215" title="TTC8">
TTC8

Tetratricopeptide repeat domain 8 (TTC8) also known as Bardet-Biedl syndrome 8 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "TTC8" gene.
Function.
TTC8 is associated with gamma-tubulin, BBS4, and PCM1 in the centrosome. PCM1 in turn is involved in centriolar replication during ciliogenesis. 
TTC8 is located in the cilia of spermatids, retina, and bronchial epithelium cells.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in the TTC8 gene is one of 14 genes 
identified as causal for Bardet-Biedl syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19343221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343221" title="BBS7">
BBS7

Bardet-Biedl syndrome 7 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "BBS7" gene.
Mutations in this gene are associated with the Bardet-Biedl syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19343224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343224" title="Western Ring Route">
Western Ring Route

The Western Ring Route is a motorway system being constructed in Auckland, New Zealand. It runs along three existing state highways: the Southwestern Motorway (SH20), the Northwestern Motorway (part of SH16) and the Upper Harbour Highway (SH18). When finished it will surpass the Southern Motorway to become the longest motorway in New Zealand at 48 kilometers in length. It will run through Manukau, Waitakere, and the North Shore, bypassing the Auckland city centre and thus providing a second motorway route through the Auckland isthmus.
The section of SH20 from Queenstown Road to Richardson Road (the Mount Roskill Extension) opened on 15 May 2009. The section of SH18 connecting the Greenhithe Bridge and SH16 (the Upper Harbour Motorway) and the extension of SH16 to Brigham Creek Road opened in August 2011.
Construction of the last remaining section, the Waterview Connection, began in late 2011.
History.
The ring route had been planned as early as the first half of the 20th century. Some critics have alleged that the rerouting of State Highway 1 over the Auckland Harbour Bridge (to ensure toll revenues) has been a primary contributor to the decades-long (and ongoing) delays. The rerouting is thus alleged to have significantly contributed to the need for a massive motorway through the centre of Auckland, severely damaging inner city suburbs like Freemans Bay and Grafton.
Major junctions.
! Location
! km
! Destinations
! Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19343225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343225" title="BBS9">
BBS9

Bardet-Biedl syndrome 9 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "BBS9" gene.
The expression of the Bardet-Biedl syndrome 9 protein is downregulated by parathyroid hormone in osteoblastic cells, and therefore, is thought to be involved in parathyroid hormone action in bones.
Mutations in this gene are associated with the Bardet-Biedl syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19343226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343226" title="Kathakne, Alaska">
Kathakne, Alaska

Kathakne is an unincorporated community in Southeast Fairbanks Census Area, Alaska, United States. Its name is derived from an Indian language. Its elevation is 1,696 feet (517 m). The community is situated on the northeastern shore of Fish Lake, 3 miles (5 km) east of Northway, near the Northway Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19343227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343227" title="BBS10">
BBS10

Bardet-Biedl syndrome 10, also known as BBS10 is a human gene.
Function.
The Bardet-Biedl syndrome 10 protein has distant sequence homology to type II chaperonins. As a molecular chaperone, this protein may affect the folding or stability of other ciliary or basal body proteins. Inhibition of this protein's expression impairs ciliogenesis in preadipocytes.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene are associated with the Bardet-Biedl syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19343230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343230" title="BBS12">
BBS12

Bardet-Biedl syndrome 12 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "BBS12" gene.
Mutations in this gene are associated with the Bardet-Biedl syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19343236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343236" title="Arthur Dillon (1750–1794)">
Arthur Dillon (1750–1794)

Arthur Dillon (born 1750, Bray Wick, England – died 1794, Paris, France) was a general in French service under the Ancien Régime and in the American and French Revolutionary Wars.
He was the son of Lady Charlotte Lee and Henry Dillon, 11th Viscount Dillon of Costello-Gallen, and cousin of Théobald Dillon (not to be confused with his brother, also named Théobald). His grandfather was general Arthur Dillon. He was the grandfather of Arthur Dillon, also a military officer.
At eighteen, he married a second cousin, Therese-Lucy de Rothe (born 1751 – died 7 September 1782); the couple had two children: George (who died at two years of age) and Henriette-Lucy (by marriage, Lucie-Henriette, Marquise de la Tour du Pin Gouvernet), a memoiriste of the Revolutionary period and the Napoleonic era. On the death of his uncle, Arthur, by inheritance, became colonel of the Dillon family's proprietary regiment. 
In 1778, he sailed with his regiment to the Caribbean to campaign against Britain. He served at Grenada; Savannah, Georgia (where he was promoted to brigadier); and elsewhere. After the Treaty of Paris, he became governor of Tobago. His first wife having died, he married a wealthy French Creole widow from Martinique, Laure de Girardin de Montgérald, the Comtesse de la Touche, by whom he had six children. 
He returned to Paris to represent Martinique in the Estates-General of 1789. A democratic, reformist royalist, Dillon was guillotined during the Reign of Terror. 
-->

</doc>
<doc id="19343241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343241" title="The Storm (Tchaikovsky)">
The Storm (Tchaikovsky)

The Storm, Op. posth. 76, is an overture (in the context of a symphonic poem) in E minor composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky between June and August 1864. The work is inspired by the play "The Storm" by the Russian playwright Alexander Ostrovsky. That play was also the inspiration for Leoš Janáček's opera "Káťa Kabanová".
History.
"The Storm" has an average duration of 13 minutes. It was Tchaikovsky's first substantial work for orchestra, written when he was only 24. He was spending the summer at the family estate of Prince Aleksey Vasilievich Golitsyn at Trostinets, near Kharkov in the Ukraine, and he wrote the overture as a vacation exercise. He did not consider it worthy of publication, and it was never performed in his lifetime. This opinion may have been influenced by Anton Rubinstein, who disapproved of it, and by Herman Laroche, who said it represented "a museum of antimusical curiosities".
It was first performed, posthumously, in Saint Petersburg, on March 7, 1896, conducted by Alexander Glazunov. It was published by Mitrofan Belyayev, as Op. 76.
In the summer of 1865–66, Tchaikovsky reworked the opening of the piece as the "Concert Overture in C minor". This was also not published in Tchaikovsky's lifetime, and did not have its first performance until 1931, in Voronezh, under the baton of Konstantin Saradzhev.
The work is not related to Tchaikovsky's symphonic fantasia "The Tempest", Op. 18, written in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="19343263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343263" title="Gwyn Jones (footballer born 1935)">
Gwyn Jones (footballer born 1935)

Gwynfor "Gwyn" Jones (born 20 March 1935) is a Welsh former footballer, who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Bristol Rovers.
Career.
Jones began his playing career at Caernarfon Town, before joining English First Division high-flyers Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1955.
He made his Wolves debut on 17 December 1955 in a 3–2 win over Black Country rivals West Bromwich Albion. He never found many opportunities for first team football at Molineux though, and managed just 21 appearances over seven years. He did however appear during Wolves' league championship-winning seasons of 1958 and 1959, and played in their 1959 Charity Shield victory.
He joined Bristol Rovers in 1962, where he went onto play over 150 league games over his four years there. He subsequently returned to his native Wales with Porthmadog.

</doc>
<doc id="19343270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343270" title="Erkan Öztürk">
Erkan Öztürk

Öztürk began his career in Germany playing for Bayer Leverkusen II in the Regionalliga Nord. In August 2004, he moved to Turkey to play for Samsunspor in the Süper Lig.

</doc>
<doc id="19343272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343272" title="Charlieskin Village, Alaska">
Charlieskin Village, Alaska

Charlieskin Village is an unincorporated community in Southeast Fairbanks Census Area, Alaska, United States. Its elevation is 1,696 feet (517 m). The community lies along Charlieskin Creek, 5.5 miles (8.8 km) south of Northway Junction, near Kathakne.

</doc>
<doc id="19343278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343278" title="Semi-biotic systems">
Semi-biotic systems

Semi-biotic systems are systems that incorporate biologically derived components/modules – which could range from multi-protein complexes through DNA constructs to multi-cellular assemblies – and integrate them with synthetic components (e.g. microfabricated systems) to produce hybrid devices. One of the potential attractions of these hybrid devices is the possibility that they can be designed to exhibit higher degrees of adaptability and autonomy than is possible with solid-state devices. Examples include: artificial organelle-like systems that could accomplish the synthesis of complex biomacromolecules, or synthetic multi-cellular structures that incorporate specific sensing and reporting functionalities, such that they could be used in hybrid devices for chemical or biological agent sensing.
Semi-biotic systems is an emerging area of research within the broader area of Synthetic Biology. In the European community a programme entitled NEONUCLEI was funded under FP7 whose aim is to generate synthetic analogues of cell
nuclei capable of sustaining transcription, in self-assembled systems comprising DNA, macromolecules (or nanoparticles), and lipids [ftp://ftp.cordis.europa.eu/pub/nest/docs/5-nest-synthetic-080507.pdf].

</doc>
<doc id="19343315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343315" title="Naha Airport (Indonesia)">
Naha Airport (Indonesia)

Naha Airport is an airport serving the locality of Tahuna, in the Sangir Islands, part of the North Sulawesi province of Indonesia. The airport is connected to Manado by weekly Trigana Air Service flights.

</doc>
<doc id="19343329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343329" title="Jack Wade, Alaska">
Jack Wade, Alaska

Jack Wade is an unincorporated community in Southeast Fairbanks Census Area, Alaska, United States. Its elevation is 2,428 feet (740 m), and it is located along Wade Creek at (64.1541667, -141.4597222), about 46 miles (74 km) south of Eagle near the Canadian border. Founded as a mining camp around 1900, it was named for Jack Anderson and Wade Nelson, the original locators. Jack Wade received a post office in 1901, which remained until 1948.
Brief History of the Jack Wade Creek Mine:
Because of questions as to whether claims were in Canada or Alaska, many miners filed claim locations in both Dawson City, Yukon Territory and Eagle, Alaska. Jack Wade Creek's first claims were located in 1892, and have been worked continuously ever since. The creek was named for Jack Anderson and Wade Nelson, the original locators. In 1936, the bucket line dredge working at Franklin was bought, dismantled and hauled by horses over the ice to Jack Wade Creek by the Yukon Placer Mining Co., which owned the claims. In 1938, Fred Whitehead had the contract to build the small airstrip at Jack Wade Creek, and the airstrip for Franklin, on the ridge between Franklin and Jack Wade. George Robinson went to work for "the Company" on Jack Wade in 1932, went to war in 1941 and returned to the creek in 1949. In 1951, George bought Jack Wade from the Company, mining on his own, until the early 1970s when his health forced him to slow down. George died in 1989 at the age of 83. He lived in a log cabin built around the start of the 20th century and told stories of the old miners, good and bad season, of walking to Dawson for a few days of cards and girls, of the big nuggets; 25, 33, 56 & 70 ounces that the creek has given up. His lifestyle hadn't changed much since he first came to the creek 55 years ago. In 1986, Bureau of Land Management told George his claims were no longer valid, and the Sierra Club has a court order closing down 85% of the mining in Alaska at the end of the 1987 season, which not only ended George's income, but put an end to his lifestyle that had not changed in over 100 years. But George Robinson pleaded his case in court, and got his claims back.

</doc>
<doc id="19343332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343332" title="Geirmund the Noisy">
Geirmund the Noisy

Geirmund the Noisy (died c. 978) was a Viking adventurer of the 10th century. Around 975, he hosted Olaf the Peacock during the latter's second expedition to Norway. On his return home to Iceland Olaf brought Geirmund with him. and Geirmund fell in love with Olaf's daughter Thurid. Though Olaf was opposed to the match, Geirmund bribed Thorgerd to be his advocate, and Olaf relented. The marriage was an unhappy one, and after three years Geirmund decided to return home without leaving any money for the support of his ex-wife and daughter. Enraged, Thurid boarded his ship before he departed, stole his famous sword "Leg-Biter," and left their infant daughter Groa on the ship. Geirmund cursed the sword, and on his return to Norway he and all of his shipmates, including little Groa, were drowned.

</doc>
<doc id="19343334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343334" title="Jean-Hilaire Belloc">
Jean-Hilaire Belloc

Jean-Hilaire Belloc (27 November 1786, Nantes - 9 December 1866, Paris) was a French painter.
Life.
He was a student in the studio of Antoine Gros then of Jean-Baptiste Regnault. He won a medal at the 1810 Paris Salon for his "Death of Gaul, friend of Ossian".
He was professor of drawing at the "l'École-de-Médecine". He was made a Chevalier of the légion d'honneur in 1864.
A bust of him was placed in the cimetière du Père Lachaise in November 2006.
Family.
On 2 June 1821 he married the writer Louise Swanton, who was also a translator of English poetry into French. Their grandchildren include the writers Marie Belloc Lowndes and Joseph Hilaire Belloc.

</doc>
<doc id="19343361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343361" title="Cambridge Chronicle">
Cambridge Chronicle

The Cambridge Chronicle is a weekly newspaper that serves Cambridge, Massachusetts. The newspaper was founded by Andrew Reid in May 1846 and is the oldest surviving weekly newspaper in the United States. Owned by GateHouse Media, it serves 18% of Cambridge's households.
History.
Early Days.
The "Cambridge Chronicle" was first published on May 7, 1846. A few days before, Cambridge was incorporated as a city, and Scotsman Andrew Reid seized on the opportunity to publish a weekly newspaper. Cambridge was home to the first printing press in the Colonies, and nearby Boston was home to the first newspaper. The "Publick Occurrences Both Forreign and Domestick" was founded in 1690, albeit short-lived. But beginning in the 18th century, Boston developed a vibrant newspaper industry.
Several newspapers were started in Cambridge. In 1775 and 1776. Cambridge was home to the "New England Chronicle", earlier known as the "Essex Gazette". In 1840, the "Cambridge Magnolia" started its two years of publication.
1846 to 1896.
Cambridge developed a vibrant newspaper industry. The "Cambridge Press" was founded by James Cox in 1866. Its city editor, James W. Bean, became co-owner of the "Chronicle" in 1891. He set out on this venture with C. Burnside Seagrave, who had been with the "Cambridge Tribune". The "Cambridge Tribune" from 1878 to 1966 was a competitor. It had been founded by D. Gilbert Dexter, who had worked for the "Boston Journal" as the Cambridge correspondent. The "Cambridge News" was founded by Daniel A. Buckley in 1879, who used it as a medium to promote his personal views.
Since 1873, Cambridge's only daily newspaper has been "The Harvard Crimson".
Editors.
The first publisher, Reid, died on January 4, 1847, and John Ford took over his role. Charles Burnside Seagrave served as editor and publisher for over 40 years, up to his retirement in 1935. Another influential editor of the paper was Eliot Spalding. He joined the "Chronicle" in 1926, and in 1939 became its editor, a role he held until 1971.
Corporate Ownership.
The Dole family acquired the "Cambridge Chronicle" in the 1930s. They merged it with its rival paper, the "Cambridge Sun", in 1935. The family sold the newspapers to Fidelity Investments in 1991. It was integrated into the Community Newspaper Company, another subsidiary of Fidelity Investment, in 1996.
The Community Newspaper Company was sold to the Boston Herald's owner, Herald Media, in 2001. It was again sold to GateHouse Media, in 2006.
Cambridge TAB.
In September 2012, the "Chronicle" merged with Tab Communications's "Cambridge Tab".
Production.
The first editions were produced by hand press above the Holmes Grocery Store, on the corner of Magazine and Main Streets in Central Square. The paper is now printed in Framingham.
Circulation is down to 7,500 as of 2010.
The articles are also published on "WickedLocal.com", a website owned by the Community Newspaper Company. The classifieds are produced and shared across Community Newspaper Company's newspapers in the Greater Boston North area.

</doc>
<doc id="19343384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343384" title="James Black (bishop)">
James Black (bishop)

The Right Reverend James Black (born Glasgow 25 June 1894; died Kilmacolm 29 March 1968) was the first Roman Catholic Bishop of Paisley in Scotland.
Early life.
James Black spent the first years of his life in the Calton district of Glasgow in Scotland before his family moved to Tollcross where he received his primary education at St Joseph's school. His secondary education was at St Aloysius' College, an establishment administered by the Jesuits at Garnethill in the city centre. There he won the Stewart Bursary in the 1912 University of Glasgow bursary competition and matriculated in the Faculty of Arts in October of that year. However, the following year he left university to study for the priesthood at St Peter's College, Bearsden.
Military service.
In April 1917, along with several of his fellow students, he left the seminary to enlist in the Royal Munster Fusiliers at Tralee in County Kerry, Ireland. In February 1918 he was deployed to France and saw action at the Second Battle of the Somme. On 31 March 1918 he was severely wounded by machine gun fire and it was feared that he might lose a leg. However he recovered sufficiently from his wounds and was discharged from the army on medical grounds in December 1918.
Priesthood.
In January 1919 he resumed his studies at St Peter's and was subsequently ordained to the priesthood at St Andrew's Cathedral, Glasgow by Bishop James McCarthy of Galloway on 27 June 1920.
James Black's first appointment was to the church of St Patrick in Coatbridge, Lanarkshire where he remained until October 1931 when he was transferred to St Peter's in Partick.
In January 1939 he was made parish priest of Our Lady and St John's in Blackwood, Lanarkshire. Thereafter, in June 1941, he was removed to St Charles Borromeo parish in Paisley where his tenure was a brief six months before being appointed as chaplain to Notre Dame College for the training of teachers in Glasgow where, in addition to his pastoral duties, he also taught history and ethics.
On 11 May 1947, following the death of Monsignor Daly, Father Black was made Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Glasgow.
Episcopate.
Upon the establishment of the new diocese of Paisley, Monsignor James Black was appointed as its first bishop by Pope Pius XII on 28 February 1948 and was consecrated by Archbishop Donald Campbell in St Mirin's Cathedral on 14 April of the same year.
During his twenty year episcopate Bishop Black created eleven parishes and oversaw the building of nine new churches. In this same era three religious congregations came to the diocese and the National Junior Seminary was founded at St Vincent's in Langbank in 1961.
Bishop Black attended all the plenary sessions of the Second Vatican Council (1962–65) and began implementation of the conciliar and post-conciliar decrees.
The last few years of Bishop Black's episcopate were dogged by ill health and, in March 1968, after some months of confinement, he died in office.
Bishop Black's motto was in Latin "Promesse Magis Quam Praeesse" ("To follow is greater than to lead").

</doc>
<doc id="19343395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343395" title="University of Quintana Roo">
University of Quintana Roo

The University of Quintana Roo (in Spanish: Universidad de Quintana Roo, UQROO) is a Mexican public university with several campuses across the state of Quintana Roo, in the Yucatán peninsula. It was created on 24 May 1991.
Its library system holds over 36,634 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19343426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343426" title="The Bonesetter's Daughter (opera)">
The Bonesetter's Daughter (opera)

"The Bonesetter's Daughter" is an opera in a prologue and two acts by Stewart Wallace to a libretto by
Amy Tan based on her novel of the same name. It premiered on 13 September 2008 at the War Memorial Opera House of San Francisco Opera, which commissioned the work.
Plot.
"The Bonesetter's Daughter" traces a Chinese-American woman's search for her own voice and identity as she grapples with her elderly mother's apparent dementia, her husband's ambivalent commitment, and her teen stepdaughters' hurtful self-absorption. Guided by a ghost of uncertain identity, she travels into the past and lives out portions of her mother's tragic youth, gaining insight, forgiveness, and strength.
The opera is set both in 1997 San Francisco, and in China and Hong Kong around the outbreak of World War II.
Shifting times and locales are linked by a recurring trio of women: American-born Ruth, a professional ghostwriter who scarely speaks up for herself; her mother, LuLing, who appears both as a querulous old woman and as a selfish adolescent; and LuLing's childhood caretaker known as Precious Auntie, who appears both as a ghost and as the fiery young mother she once was.
Scenes.
For further details, see "The Bonesetter's Daughter".
Analysis.
The score folds authentic Chinese musical expression into an essentially Western idiom, just as the libretto incorporates Chinese themes—such as the importance of family, and the power of ghosts and lucky charms—within an American framework. That framework includes many popular references, including a wry jab at "Medicare-approved" nursing homes and reference to Ruth's profession as a ghostwriter, which her immigrant mother misconstrues literally to mean a transcriptionist for ghosts. Notably, the infamous O. J. Simpson murder trial of 1995 becomes the vehicle by which elderly LuLing remembers and narrates traumatic events from her adolescence in China, which are revealed as the crux of her conflicts with her daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19343449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343449" title="Donnelly, Alaska">
Donnelly, Alaska

Donnelly is an unincorporated community in Southeast Fairbanks Census Area, Alaska, United States. Its elevation is 1,785 feet (544 m). Located along the Richardson Highway 26 miles (42 km) south of Delta Junction, it was founded around 1904 as a telegraph station between Chitina and Fairbanks. Donnelly's buildings during its early years were log constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="19343476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343476" title="Tripoli Airport (Greece)">
Tripoli Airport (Greece)

Tripoli Airport is a small military airport situated in Tripoli, Greece, that started operating in 1973. It has a single lighted runway (02/20). It is mostly used by the Hellenic Air Force. It is the base of Arcadia Aeroclub and also serves as a race track for dragster races.

</doc>
<doc id="19343491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343491" title="Arthur Dillon">
Arthur Dillon

Arthur Dillon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19343498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343498" title="Zachary Booth">
Zachary Booth

Zachary Booth (born 1983) is an American actor. He appeared in several productions with the Peterborough Players, before starring in The N's "What Goes On" as openly gay teen Ethan and on FX's "Damages", as Michael Hewes, the son of lawyer Patty Hewes (Glenn Close). Booth is a 2004 BFA graduate of the University of Michigan.
Booth had supporting roles in the films "Assassination of a High School President" alongside Mischa Barton, and "The Marc Pease Experience" with Ben Stiller. In 2009 he also had a small role in the Ang Lee film "Taking Woodstock" as a member of a hippie naturist group.
In fall/winter of 2008 Booth co-starred alongside Tony award winners Victoria Clark and Michelle Park and Tony nominee Jonathan Groff in "Prayer for My Enemy", a new play by Craig Lucas at the Off-Broadway theater Playwrights Horizons in New York City. During the same year, he played the role of Gary, Tris' date, in "Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist".
In September 2010 he starred in the New York production of the new Edward Albee play "Me, Myself & I" also at Playwrights Horizons.
In August 2011 it was announced that he would play a gay character in Ira Sachs' "Keep the Lights On". The film opened on September 7, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19343510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343510" title="832d Air Division">
832d Air Division

The 832d Air Division (832 AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona. It was inactivated on October 1, 1991.
Activated in 1957 as an intermediate command echelon of Tactical Air Command, providing command and control of selected fighter forces of the Eighteenth and Twelfth Air Forces. Some subordinate units deployed to Florida during the Cuban missile crisis (October–December 1962). Units conducted F-100 and F-111 aircrew replacement training. In 1968, the 49th Tactical Fighter Wing served as USAF's first "dual-based" NATO committed wing, subject to immediate return to Europe if and when needed. Inactivated in 1975 as part of budget reductions after the end of the Vietnam War.
Reactivated in 1980 to provide command supervision of combat crew training programs at Luke AFB, which included training pilots from West Germany, Mexico, Japan, and Saudi Arabia from December 1980 – October 1991. It also participated in numerous tactical exercises such as Fertile Brave, Amalgam Chief, and Bold Eagle. Inactivated in 1991 as part of realignment of mission at Luke.
History.
Components.
Wings

</doc>
<doc id="19343525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343525" title="Sydney Evershed (brewer)">
Sydney Evershed (brewer)

Sydney Evershed (c. 1825–1903), was an English brewer and Liberal Party politician who represented Burton.
Evershed's family came from Albury in Surrey. By 1860 he had moved to Burton-on-Trent, and became a Burton brewer. He lived at Stapenhill, where he built Albury House, named after his birthplace.
Evershed was active in local politics and was one of the Improvement Commissioners, and one of the first councillors when Burton was incorporated as a borough in 1878. In 1886 he was elected as Member of Parliament for Burton which he held until 1900. He died at Marylebone in 1903.
Evershed married Fanny Whitehead at Marylebone in 1856. Their sons Sydney, Wallis, Frank and Edward all played cricket for Derbyshire. Fanny died in 1904. In 1909 his brewery merged with Marston and Thompson to become Marston, Thompson and Evershed.

</doc>
<doc id="19343564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343564" title="Autonomous University of Campeche">
Autonomous University of Campeche

The Autonomous University of Campeche (in Spanish: Universidad Autónoma de Campeche, UACAM) is a Mexican public university based in the city of Campeche, Campeche, but with several campuses across the state. It was originally founded in 1965 as the "Universidad del Sudeste" (University of the Southeast).
Its library holds over 18,000 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19343579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343579" title="Infinity Beach">
Infinity Beach

Infinity Beach is a 2000 science fiction novel by Jack McDevitt. It is a story of a first contact between human and alien civilizations.
It was a 2000 nominee for the Nebula Award for Best Novel.
External links.
http://www.amazon.com/Infinity-Beach-Jack-McDevitt/dp/0061051233

</doc>
<doc id="19343585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343585" title="Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 10,000 metres">
Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 10,000 metres

The 10,000 metres at the 2000 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics programme were held at Stadium Australia on Friday 22 September, and Monday 25 September 2000.
The top eight runners in each of the initial two heats automatically qualified for the final. The next four fastest runners from across the heats also qualified. 
There were a total number of 34 participating athletes.
Results.
All times shown are in seconds.
Qualifying heats.
Overall Results Semi-Finals

</doc>
<doc id="19343608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343608" title="Trent Boult">
Trent Boult

Trent Alexander Boult (born 22 July 1989) is a New Zealand cricketer. Born in Rotorua, Boult is a left–arm medium–fast opening bowler and a right–handed batsman. He accompanied the New Zealand A team on their winter training tour in 2007.
On 9 February 2007, Boult took two wickets for 28 runs and scored seven not out against India's Under–19 team. He then travelled to Malaysia in February 2008 for the Under–19 World Cup.
On 21 January 2009, Boult was selected for the New Zealand squad for the one-day series against Australia at just 19 years of age. Boult only managed to play in the warm up game against the Prime ministers XI and went wicketless of seven overs. During the tour Boult was clocked as the fastest bowler touring with the New Zealand team with a highest speed of .
Boult made his Test debut in the 2011–12 season, in the Second Test against Australia in Hobart, a match won by New Zealand by 7 runs, New Zealand's first test win in Australia since 1985 and their first test win over Australia since 1993. He took four wickets in the match; additionally, he scored 21 runs in a tenth-wicket partnership with Chris Martin in the second innings.
In 2012, Boult produced a string of strong performances with the ball against the West Indies, India and Sri Lanka to consolidate his position as Tim Southee's new ball partner. He carried this good form into 2013 when he took 19 wickets in 5 tests against England, including his best test match innings bowling figures of 6/68 at Eden Park in March.
After suffering a side strain during New Zealand's final test match against England at Leeds, Boult returned to the New Zealand test side for a two test tour of Bangladesh. Boult struggled in the hot and dry conditions, taking just 3 wickets and frenquently straying with his accuracy. However, when back in home conditions against the touring West Indies, Boult swiftly returned to his best. In the second test at the Basin Reserve Boult won man of the match after taking career best figures of 10 for 80 and completing a brilliant one-handed diving catch to his left to dismiss Dinesh Ramdin.
His brother Jonathon Boult has also played cricket for Northern Districts.
Bowling and fielding style.
Boult is a left-arm fast medium swing bowler. He makes up for his relative lack of height with deceptive pace and the ability to swing the ball both ways. Boult's primary weapon is the inswinger to the right-hander. Perhaps unsurprisingly, his childhood cricketing hero was Wasim Akram. In 2013, in a radio interview, former New Zealand Captain Jeremy Coney rated Boult as New Zealand's best bowling discovery since Shane Bond. He is also known to haul in one-handed catches with either hand, both in Basin Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="19343615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343615" title="Arthur Dillon, Count Dillon">
Arthur Dillon, Count Dillon

Arthur Dillon, Count Dillon (1670 in the county of Roscommon – 7 February 1733 at St Germain en Laye) was a Jacobite soldier from Ireland who served in the French army.
Career.
He was a younger son of Theobald, 7th Viscount Dillon who fought for James II of England and was killed at the Battle of Aughrim. In 1691, after their defeat at Limerick by William of Orange, the Jacobites went into exile under the terms of the Treaty of Limerick, with Arthur Dillon (like many other Irish Jacobites) choosing France.
In France, he was made the colonel of the Dillon Regiment that his father had raised at his own expense in 1688. He became a maréchal de camp aged 34 and lieutenant général at only 36. He fought gloriously in the campaigns of Louis-Joseph de Vendôme in Spain and of François de Neufville de Villeroy in Italy, served under Claude Louis Hector de Villars (1708) and James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick (1709), and in 1713 he captured Kaiserslautern.
Titles.
In 1711 Arthur was created "Comte Dillon" in France by Louis XIV; and was awarded the Irish title "Earl of Dillon" in 1721 by the monarch he recognised as James III (see "Jacobite Peerage").
Family.
He married Catherine Sheldon, the daughter of an English Jacobite family, and a maid-of-honour to Mary of Modena, queen consort of James II of England. Catherine's parents were Ralph Sheldon of Ditchford, Worcs (1633–1723) and Elisabeth, heiress of Daniel Dunn of Garnish Hall in Essex. Their children included:
He was also a grandfather of the French generals Arthur Dillon (1750-1794) and Théobald Dillon. He was a cousin of Gerard Lally.
He was a great-grandfather of the famous memoirist Henriette-Lucy, Marquise de La Tour du Pin Gouvernet, née Henriette-Lucy Dillon.

</doc>
<doc id="19343620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343620" title="Mogens Venge">
Mogens Venge

Mogens Vendelbo Venge (March 29, 1912 – April 16, 1996) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Hellebæk, Region Hovedstaden.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played both matches as back.
Twelve years later he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played three matches as back.

</doc>
<doc id="19343632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343632" title="WADI">
WADI

WADI (95.3 FM, "Super Country FM 95.3") is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Corinth, Mississippi, USA. The station is owned by Power Valley Communications Inc. It broadcasts a country music format.
The station was assigned the WADI call letters by the Federal Communications Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19343648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343648" title="DWLU">
DWLU

88.7 Rock City FM (also referred as 88dot7 Rock City FM) is an FM radio station of National College of Technology, located at National College of Technology Campus, Brgy. I, San Fernando, La Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19343652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343652" title="Carl Günther Weiss">
Carl Günther Weiss

Carl Günther Hermann Weiss (April 29, 1915 – April 2, 2000) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Gentofte.
In 1936 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played both matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19343656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343656" title="Canton of Londinières">
Canton of Londinières

The Canton of Londinières is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and forestry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Londinières. The altitude varies from 40m (Osmoy-Saint-Valery) to 224m (Clais) for an average altitude of 116m.
Composition.
The Canton of Londinières comprises 16 communes and a total of 4,726 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19343658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343658" title="Hugh Geoghegan (footballer)">
Hugh Geoghegan (footballer)

Hugh Geoghegan (born in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a forward.
He began his career at Home Farm F.C. and signed for Shamrock Rovers F.C. in 1956 and played in 2 European Champion Clubs' Cup games against OGC Nice. 
He made his debut, scoring twice, on the 28th of October 1956 in a League of Ireland Shield game [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1956/1029/Pg002.html#Ar00218:29127E2E82972A44432F845D].
Signed for Waterford United in July 1960.
Moved to Jacobs F.C. in February 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19343663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343663" title="Wilma Elles">
Wilma Elles

Wilma Elles (born 18 October 1986 in Cologne) is a German actress, model and fashion designer.
Biography.
Elles is the second of a family of five children. Her father and mother are in the engineering distribution business. 
She graduated from school with "Abitur" at the French-German bilingual Burgau-Gymnasium in Düren with an 1,8 grade. Since the age of ten, she engaged in school theatre plays, took acting, guitar and dance classes. She also studies at the University of Cologne.
One of her first roles Elles played in the majeure German TV production "Die Gustloff" of Joseph Vilsmaier. Then she got her first lead roles as "Kika" in the cinema movie "Das Weinen davor" by Gökhan Sayim, which was screened at German cinema in summer 2010, "Maria" in "Turk Usulu" of Mehmet Günes and "Lilly" in the production "The End" by Joachim Mais with Christine Kaufmann and Martin Semmelrogge. On stage she performed e.g. in the theatre "Theater im Hof" in Cologne.
2010 she got an offer for the Turkish TV series "Öyle bir geçer zaman ki" on "Kanal D" for one of the lead characters Caroline, which is over after three seasons. As she couldn`t speak Turkish at the beginning of the shootings, she just memorized the phonetics of her lines for her play until she learned more Turkish, she speaks English, German (mother language) and French. She is tall.
The series received many awards and broke viewer records with a continuous weekly market share of 50-60% (and up to 73%), and an average of 25-30 million viewers each week in Turkey. It was screened in Afghanistan, Algeria, Azerbaijan, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Egypt, Iran, Israel, Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Macedonia, Mali, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, the Emirates and other countries.
Elles was awarded Best Actress at the European Quality Awards 2011. She was selected the Best Femme Fatale of Turkish TV in 2012 and also she was selected as the meanest character of Turkish TV with 48,6%.
During the summer break 2011 she played an Australian woman in the cinema movie "Çanakkale Çocukları" from Sinan Çetin and a French character in the movie "El Yazısı", the script of which was awarded a prize at the "Altın Portakal Film Festivali" and that was screened in Turkish cinema in spring 2012.
Then, she gave life to the lead charakter of Elisabeth in the cinema movie "Laz Vampir" and played the lead of Olivia in the US-American-Dutch-Turkish Coproduction "Tragedy" in 2012. 
In the year 2013 again shooted two cinema movies during the summer break. In "Bir gece" she portrayed the leadrole of Leyla and in "Bu iste bir yalnizlik var" she will be seen in the role of Diana.
Furthermore Elles does modelling and appeared with shootings in Vogue, Elle, Tempo, Miss, Grazia - magazines e.g. and has been on the cover of Elle Bulgaria, GQ Turkey, Instyle Home Turkey, Tempo and other magazines and is running on the catwalk in many fashion shows e.g. at the Istanbul and Berlin Fashion Week 2011, 2012, 2013.
In the summer 2012 Wilma Elles designed and brought out the worldwide first Feng - Shui Clothing line "Maya Collection" for the company Âdil Işık.
Wilma Elles told about her interest in foreign cultures, that she loves Turkey and wants to get the Turkish citizenship. She wants to take the Turkish name Aslı Masal besides Wilma. She finished at the department of political science of the Cologne University, Islamic Studies and Theatre/Movies Studies with the high degree of 1,8.
l
Filmography.
Films by title, with year, and role and company:

</doc>
<doc id="19343677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343677" title="Arthur Dillon (1834–1922)">
Arthur Dillon (1834–1922)

Arthur Dillon (or comte Dillon) (1834-1922) was a French cavalry officer and journalist, and friend of général Boulanger. He was the grandson of General Arthur Dillon (1750-1794), descended from a family of exile Irish Jacobites.
He was secretary-general of the transatlantic cable company and a financier of Boulangisme. His election as a deputy in 1889 was invalidated. He and the Bonapartist Georges Thiébaud launched a vast journalistic campaign in Boulanger's favour.

</doc>
<doc id="19343680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343680" title="John Mitchell (cricketer)">
John Mitchell (cricketer)

William John Mitchell (1 December 1947– ) is a former New Zealand cricketer, who played first–class cricket for Northern Districts and Otago. A Right–handed batsman and occasional right–arm medium pace bowler, Mitchell played 14 first–class matches in all from 1964 to 1969, scoring 634 runs at 27.56 and taking one wicket.
Career.
Born in Auckland, Mitchell began his first-class career in 1964 for Northern Districts. He began successfully, playing three matches over the winter of 1964/65 and scoring 212 runs at 53.00, including one half century and the only century of his career, 127* on debut against Pakistan. He also took his only first class wicket in this debut match, that of Abdul Kadir.
Mitchell had a far less successful season over the winter of 1965/66. where he again played three matches for Northern Districts; however his return was only 71 runs at 14.20, with a high score of 38. The following season, his last for Northern Districts, returned 252 runs from six matches at 22.90, with two fifties and a high score of 74. For the next season, Mitchell moved to Otago. He played two matches in the 1968/69 season, scoring 99 runs at 33.00, the second highest season average of his career, with a single half century of 52 his highest score.
Mitchell also played two matches for the New Zealand Under–23s during his career, returning with a total of 104 runs, the majority of which from a high score of 74, the only half century of his Under–23 career, at an average of 26.00.

</doc>
<doc id="19343683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343683" title="Jørgen Gry">
Jørgen Gry

Jørgen Gry (May 19, 1915 – July 18, 1993) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Egebæksvang, Helsingør.
In 1936 he was a squad member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match in the consolation round.

</doc>
<doc id="19343684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343684" title="Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

The men's C-2 1000 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics program. In the official report, heat times were shown in tenths of a second (0.1) while semifinal and final events were shown in hundredths of a second (0.01).
Results.
Heats.
The 13 teams first raced in two heats on October 22. One team was disqualifed during the heats. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final and the remaining six teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Canada was in fifth place halfway through the 2nd heat, but was disqualified in the official report for reasons not disclosed.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on October 24) advanced to the final.
Ngiytholil (DC)
Final.
The final was held on October 25.
Czechoslovakia was sixth at the halfway mark in the official report, but was disqualified for reasons not disclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="19343692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343692" title="Georges Thiébaud">
Georges Thiébaud

Georges Thiébaud (1855, Toulouse - 1915) was a French journalist, Bonapartist and nationalist. He and comte Dillon launched an American-style press campaign in favour of général Boulanger. 
After his Boulangist engagement, he joined the antidreyfusard camp. Hostile to Protestantism, he founded an anti-Protestant league. He was accused of complicity in the coup d'état averted by Paul Déroulède in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="19343738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343738" title="Bacall to Arms">
Bacall to Arms

Bacall to Arms is a 1946 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series, directed by Bob Clampett, in his second-to-last cartoon at Warner Bros. ("The Big Snooze" would be the last). Neither Clampett (he was left uncredited because he had left the studio before the cartoon was released) nor voice characterizations are credited. Mel Blanc's voice is recognizable as a fat theater patron, a husband in a newsreel, and the wolf's vocal effects. Impressionist Dave Barry portrays the voice of Humphrey Bogart. The title refers both to Hemingway's "A Farewell to Arms" and actress Lauren Bacall, whose acclaimed film debut was in "To Have and Have Not", based on another Hemingway novel.
Background.
Bob Clampett started his directing career with black-and-white animated shorts for the Looney Tunes series, this phase of his career lasting from 1937 to 1941. In 1941, fellow director Tex Avery departed the Warner Bros. Cartoons studio. Clampett replaced Avery as the head of a unit producing films for the Merrie Melodies series, while Norman McCabe took over Clampett's former unit. The chief animator of Clampett's new unit was Robert McKimson and his style dominated their early products. Clampett reportedly found this dominance to have stifling effects on creativity, and in time trusted two other animators of the unit with more autonomy: Virgil Ross and Rod Scribner. While Clampett certainly headed a unit with notably talented animators, the distinctive styles of said animators tended to be incompatible. The use of multiple, clashing styles in a single short, gave the products of the unit a rather strange and uneven quality. 
McKimson's influence eventually diminished and the animator himself left the unit in September 1944. Michael Barrier considers "Bacall to Arms" to be one of only 6 shorts produced by this unit to have little to no influence by McKimson, and for which the creators managed to reach a "satisfying", "unified" stylistic approach. The other five were (in chronological order) "Book Revue", "Baby Bottleneck", Kitty Kornered, "The Great Piggy Bank Robbery", and The Big Snooze. All were released in 1946. He notes, however, that Clampett himself left the Studio at about this time. "Bacall to Arms" was left unfinished at the departure, and was completed under the direction of Arthur Davis.
Plot.
The cartoon is set in a movie theater. Various random gags occur before the film, such as one patron moving to another seat another patron taking the vacated seat, and so on, accelerating into a free-for-all. A wolf makes a pass at a sexy movie usherette, gets slapped in the face, then settles down for the show. While the theater is in color, the films-within-the film are black-and-white. A short "newsreel" is narrated by Robert C. Bruce
The main feature is a film called To Have- To Have- To Have- ..., a parody of "To Have and Have Not". It includes images of Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall, who are credited as "Bogey Gocart and Laurie Becool". In addition to recreating a few well-known scenes from that film (the kissing scene; the "put your lips together and blow" scene), the players sometimes lapse into slapstick (Bacall lighting her cigarette with a blowtorch, à la Harpo Marx; or letting loose with a loud, shrill whistle after her famous sultry comment) and interact with the theater audience.
Although the theater was initially full, it is eventually seen to be empty except for one patron: a lone wolf in a zoot suit who goes ga-ga over Bacall. The final gag has the wolf grabbing a cigarette that was dropped in the film and jumps off the screen, and Bogie shoots him. He hands it to Bogie and it explodes, covering him with "blackface". Bogie suddenly adopts a "Eddie 'Rochester' Anderson" voice, and says, "My, oh my! I can work for Mr. Benny now!"
Analysis.
The film reuses animation from an earlier short, "She Was an Acrobat's Daughter" (1937) by Friz Freleng. Like its 1930s predecessor, the film depicts a noisy movie audience member which disrupts the screening. In this case the noisy audience is represented by the wolf-whistling and howling of a wolf in the audience. The film uses caricatures of Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall, who attempt to act out their scenes from "To Have and Have Not" (1944). Bogart eventually shoots the disruptive wolf from the movie screen, though the film within a film never properly ends. The short is one of two memorable parodies of Bogart from the Warner Bros. Cartoons studio. The other was "Slick Hare" (1947), where restaurant customer Bogart demands "fried rabbit" from Elmer Fudd. Setting up a plot where both Fudd and Bogart chase after Bugs Bunny. 
The film functions as a tribute to Bacall and her sexual attractiveness. It was probably produced to promote the release of an upcoming feature film, "The Big Sleep" (1946). The film conflates two scenes from "To Have and Have Not", the scene where the protagonist are introduced to each other and the whistle scene. In the original film, Bogart cleans a fishing reel. In the parody, he cleans a .45 caliber handgun. In a reference to the "hotness" of Bacall, when her caricature crosses the floor, she leaves a trail of flames behind her. While the film within a film is black-and-white, the flames are red and yellow. When she asks for a light, the Bogart caricature offers her a blow torch. She easily catches it and uses the torch to light her cigarette.
The distinctive voice of Eddie "Rochester" Anderson is used here to accompany a blackface-related visual gag. Christopher Lehman notes that it was typical for blackface gags in animated films to make references to well-known African American actors. References to both Anderson and Stepin Fetchit were frequently used. He notes, however, that the creators of Warner Bros. Cartoons found comedic use for Anderson's voice and ethnicity. But never for the intelligence or wit of his character, Rochester. Which he finds rather telling. 
Author Don Peri points that in the 1930s, Walt Disney Productions was the industry leader in character animation. But as this studio's focus shifted from animated shorts to animated feature films, other studios started making their own advances in the field. At times depicting emotions that were absent from Disney films. Peri cites "Bacall to Arms" as a memorable depiction of lust in animation. The wolf himself seems similar to "Wolfie" by Tex Avery.
World War II ended in August 1945, but several animated shorts released later in that year and into 1946 still contained war-related references. In "Bacall to Arms" there is a newsreel featuring ""wartime inventions put to peacetime use"". The example depicted is that of a married man who uses a radar to receive early warnings for the unannounced visits of his mother-in-law. 
Norman Klein cites the film as an example of animated films referencing film noir and figures associated with the genre, such as Bogart. He argues that screwball comedy film, the chase-themed animated films, the crime film, and film noir were genres which shared certain elements. In his view, all were reactions to the melodrama films of the 1930s and all rejected the moralizing tendecies of these melodramas. They reacted by embracing depictions of outrageous behavior and amorality. Common themes among them were the depiction of poetic justice as malum in se, of faked sentiment as a tool of deception, and sardonicism as the primary form of humor. 

</doc>
<doc id="19343746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343746" title="New York State Dental Foundation">
New York State Dental Foundation

The New York State Dental Foundation (NYSDF) is an American not-for-profit organization established in 1980. Based in Albany, NY, the New York State Dental Foundation is a leader in dental education and outreach programs for the public. NYSDF seeks to address the educational and humanitarian commitments of the New York State Dental Association.
Overview.
The New York State Dental Foundation, which was incorporated in 1980, was established to foster a statewide approach to the advancement of the art and science of dentistry and dental education and to improve the quality of dental care by:
The New York State Dental Foundation is an ADA-CERP approved provider of continuing education, and the Foundation's executive director serves on the steering committee for the New York State Oral Health Coalition.
Outreach.
The New York State Dental Foundation remains committed to the advancement of the art and science of dentistry. The Foundation has published reports on the issuance of volunteer licensure [http://nysdentalfoundation.org/dentalprofessionals/healthpolicyresearch.html] and has created statewide programs to aid in the implementation of New York State's new dental health certificates law. The Foundation has worked with the assistance of a grant from the American Dental Association to recruit dentist who are willing to offer free or reduced dental assessments for children.

</doc>
<doc id="19343749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343749" title="Naumanullah">
Naumanullah

Naumanullah (born 20 May 1975) is a Pakistani cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and occasional right-arm off-spin bowler.
Having made his first-class debut for Hyderabad in 1995, he has represented the various teams of neighbouring Karachi in regional cricket since 1998, as well as National Bank of Pakistan and Redco Pakistan Limited. Playing for National Bank of Pakistan, he was named best batsman in the 2007–08 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy.
Naumanullah first played for Pakistan A in 2000, before making his One Day International debut against Bangladesh in 2008. He scored five runs in a 150-run victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19343750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343750" title="Vagn Loft">
Vagn Loft

Vagn Loft (September 24, 1915 – May 10, 1976) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Stengård, Gladsaxe.
In 1936 he was a squad member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match in the consolation round.
Twelve years later he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played two matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19343751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343751" title="Autonomous University of Aguascalientes">
Autonomous University of Aguascalientes

The Autonomous University of Aguascalientes (in Spanish: Universidad Autónoma de Aguascalientes, UAA) is a Mexican public university based in the city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, but with several campuses across the state.
Its library holds over 183,063 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19343753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343753" title="List of Lost cast members">
List of Lost cast members

"Lost" is an American television drama that debuted on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) on September 22, 2004. The series aired for six seasons, and follows the survivors of the crash of the fictional Oceanic Flight 815 on a mysterious tropical island somewhere in the South Pacific. Although a large cast made "Lost" more expensive to produce, the writers benefited from added flexibility in story decisions. According to series executive producer Bryan Burk, "You can have more interactions between characters and create more diverse characters, more back stories, more love triangles." The initial season had 14 regular speaking roles that received star billing. Matthew Fox played the protagonist, a troubled surgeon named Jack Shephard. Evangeline Lilly portrayed a fugitive Kate Austen. Jorge Garcia played Hugo "Hurley" Reyes, an unlucky lottery winner. Josh Holloway played a con man, James "Sawyer" Ford. Ian Somerhalder played Boone Carlyle, chief operating officer of his mother's wedding business. Maggie Grace played his stepsister Shannon Rutherford, a former dance teacher. Harold Perrineau portrayed construction worker and aspiring artist Michael Dawson, while Malcolm David Kelley played his young son, Walt Lloyd. Terry O'Quinn played the mysterious John Locke. Naveen Andrews portrayed former Iraqi Republican Guard Sayid Jarrah. Emilie de Ravin played a young Australian mother-to-be, Claire Littleton. Yunjin Kim played Sun-Hwa Kwon, the daughter of a powerful Korean businessman and mobster, with Daniel Dae Kim as her husband and father's enforcer Jin-Soo Kwon. Dominic Monaghan played English ex-rock star drug addict Charlie Pace.
Boone was written out near the end of season one, and Kelley became a guest star making occasional appearances throughout season two. Shannon's departure eight episodes into season two made way for newcomers Mr. Eko, a Nigerian fake Catholic priest and former criminal played by Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje; Ana Lucia Cortez, an airport security guard and former police officer played by Michelle Rodriguez; and Libby Smith, a purported clinical psychologist and formerly mentally ill woman portrayed by Cynthia Watros. In season three, two actors were promoted from recurring to starring roles: Henry Ian Cusick as former Scottish soldier Desmond Hume, and Michael Emerson as the manipulative leader of the Others, Ben Linus. In addition, three new actors joined the regular cast: Elizabeth Mitchell, as fertility doctor and Other Juliet Burke, and Kiele Sanchez and Rodrigo Santoro as background survivor couple Nikki Fernandez and Paulo. Several characters died throughout the season; Eko was written out early on when Akinnuoye-Agbaje did not wish to continue on the show, Nikki and Paulo were buried alive mid-season after poor fan response, and Charlie was written out in the third season finale. Jeremy Davies as Daniel Faraday, a nervous physicist who takes a scientific interest in the island; Ken Leung as Miles Straume, a sarcastic supposed ghost whisperer, and Rebecca Mader as Charlotte Staples Lewis, a hard-headed and determined anthropologist and successful academic joined the cast in season four. 
Numerous supporting characters have been given expansive and recurring appearances in the progressive storyline. Danielle Rousseau (Mira Furlan), a French member of an earlier scientific expedition to the island first encountered as a voice recording in the pilot episode, appears throughout the series; she is searching for her daughter, who later turns up in the form of Alex Rousseau (Tania Raymonde). Cindy (Kimberley Joseph), an Oceanic flight attendant who first appeared in the pilot, survived the crash and subsequently became one of the Others. In the second season, married couple Rose Henderson (L. Scott Caldwell) and Bernard Nadler (Sam Anderson), separated on opposite sides of the island (she with the main characters, he with the tail section survivors) were featured in a flashback episode after being reunited. Corporate magnate Charles Widmore (Alan Dale) has connections to both Ben and Desmond. Desmond is in love with Widmore's daughter Penelope "Penny" Widmore (Sonya Walger). The introduction of the Others featured Tom aka Mr. Friendly (M. C. Gainey) and Ethan Rom (William Mapother) all of whom have been shown in both flashbacks and the ongoing story. Jack's father Christian Shephard (John Terry) has appeared in multiple flashbacks of various characters. In the third season, Naomi Dorrit (Marsha Thomason), parachutes onto the island, the team leader of a group hired by Widmore to find Ben Linus. One member of her team includes the ruthless mercenary Martin Keamy (Kevin Durand). In the finale episode "The End", recurring guest stars Sam Anderson, L. Scott Caldwell, Francois Chau, Fionnula Flanagan, Sonya Walger, and John Terry were credited under the "starring" rubric alongside the principal cast. The mysterious, black, smoke cloud-like entity known as "the Monster" appeared in human form during season five and six as a middle-aged man dressed in black robes known as "The Man in Black" played by Titus Welliver, and in season six, it appears in the form of John Locke played by O'Quinn in a dual role. His rival, Jacob, was played by Mark Pellegrino.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19343755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343755" title="Anastasia Martiusheva">
Anastasia Martiusheva

Anastasia Vasilyevna Martiusheva (; born 17 March 1995) is a Russian pair skater. With Alexei Rogonov, she is the 2012 Ondrej Nepela Memorial champion, a two-time (2010, 2011) Golden Spin of Zagreb champion, and the 2009 World Junior silver medalist. They are the 2012 Russian national senior bronze medalists and 2009 junior champions.
Career.
Early career.
Martiusheva began skating at the age of five-and-a-half. Initially a singles skater, she switched to pair skating at age ten. Martiusheva and Rogonov met in Perm when they skated in the same group but with different partners. They were paired together by Natalia Pavlova in Moscow in 2006.
Martiusheva/Rogonov won the 2009 Russian Junior title. At the 2009 World Juniors, they captured the silver medal. They were 11th after the short program but finished first in the long program, ahead of Lubov Iliushechkina / Nodari Maisuradze, which moved them up to second overall.
Senior career.
Martiusheva/Rogonov made their senior Grand Prix debut at 2009 Cup of Russia, where they finished seventh. They finished 9th at Russian Nationals.
During the 2010–11 season, they were assigned to 2010 Skate Canada International but withdrew from the event. They won the 2010 Golden Spin of Zagreb. At the 2011 Russian Nationals, they placed 9th in the short program and 7th in the long, to finish 9th overall.
During the 2011–12 season, Martiusheva/Rogonov won the 2011 Golden Spin of Zagreb and Warsaw Cup. At the 2012 Russian Nationals, they placed second in the short program and third in the free skate and won the bronze medal.
In the 2012–13 season, Martiusheva/Rogonov won gold at the 2012 Ondrej Nepela Memorial. They competed on the Grand Prix series for the first time since 2009, finishing 5th at both of their events, the 2012 Rostelecom Cup and the 2012 NHK Trophy. They set their personal best overall score of 162.25 points. They finished 6th at the 2013 Russian Championships.
In 2013–14, Martiusheva/Rogonov began their season by taking silver at the Lombardia Trophy, followed by another silver at the 2013 Ondrej Nepela Trophy. They were seventh at their first Grand Prix assignment, the 2013 Cup of China. A week later, the pair replaced the injured Yuko Kavaguti / Alexander Smirnov at the 2013 NHK Trophy. Two days before the 2014 Russian Championships, Martiusheva injured a leg muscle in a bad fall and doctors ordered the pair to withdraw.
In January 2014, Martiusheva began searching for a new partner.

</doc>
<doc id="19343764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343764" title="Kim S. Cameron">
Kim S. Cameron

Kim Sterling Cameron (born 1946) is the William Russell Kelly Professor of Management and Organizations at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. He was formerly the dean of the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University.
Early life and education.
He graduated from Brigham Young High School in Provo, Utah in 1964. He received a bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University (BYU) in 1970. At BYU, served as Student Body Vice President, was a basketball player, and dated Ann Davies (who later married Mitt Romney).
Career.
After earning a masters at BYU, Cameron became a faculty member at Ricks College in Rexburg, Idaho. He then went on to earn a Master's degree and Ph.D. in administrative sciences from Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
Cameron has served as Associate Dean of the Marriott School of Management at BYU and as Dean of the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio. 
He has written or edited 13 scholarly books and been published in more than 120 academic articles. 
He co-founded the Center for Positive Organizational Scholarship at the University of Michigan, and his work in conjunction with the Center was recognized as one of the top 20 high-impact ideas of 2004 by Harvard Business Review.
Among other ideas, Cameron advanced the notion that downsizing is not an effective business strategy. Cameron's latest scholarly work, "Positive Leadership", examines the research demonstrating that positive leadership and virtuous practices in organizations lead to extraordinary performance.
Personal life.
Cameron is married to Melinda Cummings, daughter of Hollywood actor Robert Cummings. They are parents to seven children.
Church involvement.
Cameron is an active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He wrote several articles for the Encyclopedia of Mormonism and served as president of the Ann Arbor Michigan Stake. He currently serves as Stake Patriarch in the Ann Arbor, Michigan stake.

</doc>
<doc id="19343769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343769" title="Armando Círio">
Armando Círio

Armando Círio, O.S.I. (born April 30, 1916) is a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He is currently one of oldest bishops in the Catholic Church and the oldest Brazilian bishop. 
Círio born in Calamandrana, Italy in April 1916, and was ordained a priest on June 29, 1940, in the religious order of Oblates of St. Joseph. He was appointed bishop of Diocese of Toledo (Brazil) on May 14, 1960, and ordained bishop August 28, 1960. On October 15, 1979, Cirio was appointed Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Cascavel and would remain until his retirement on December 27, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19343771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343771" title="Tage Schultz">
Tage Schultz

Tage Schultz (June 16, 1916 – February 2, 1983) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Copenhagen.
In 1936 he was a squad member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the group stage of the Olympic tournament. He played one match in the consolation round.

</doc>
<doc id="19343776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343776" title="Alexei Rogonov">
Alexei Rogonov

Alexei Alexandrovich Rogonov (; born 6 June 1988) is a Russian pair skater. With Anastasia Martiusheva, he is the 2012 Ondrej Nepela Memorial champion, a two-time (2010, 2011) Golden Spin of Zagreb champion, and the 2009 World Junior silver medalist. They are the 2012 Russian national senior bronze medalists and 2009 junior champions.
Career.
Early career.
Rogonov began skating at the age of six at an outdoor rink in Achinsk, Siberia. At the age of 16, he moved to Perm and trained as a pair skater under Ludmila Kalinina. Rogonov and Anastasia Martiusheva skated in the same group but with different partners. After two years, Natalia Pavlova invited him to Moscow. In 2006, Pavlova paired him with Martiusheva, who had moved to Moscow six months earlier.
Martiusheva/Rogonov won the 2009 Russian Junior title. At the 2009 World Juniors, they captured the silver medal. They were 11th after the short program but finished first in the long program, ahead of Lubov Iliushechkina / Nodari Maisuradze, which moved them up to second overall.
Senior career.
Martiusheva/Rogonov made their senior Grand Prix debut at 2009 Cup of Russia, where they finished seventh. They finished 9th at Russian Nationals.
During the 2010–11 season, they were assigned to 2010 Skate Canada International but withdrew from the event. They won the 2010 Golden Spin of Zagreb. At the 2011 Russian Nationals, they placed 9th in the short program and 7th in the long, to finish 9th overall.
During the 2011–12 season, Martiusheva/Rogonov won the 2011 Golden Spin of Zagreb and Warsaw Cup. At the 2012 Russian Nationals, they placed second in the short program and third in the free skate and won the bronze medal.
In the 2012–13 season, Martiusheva/Rogonov won gold at the 2012 Ondrej Nepela Memorial. They competed on the Grand Prix series for the first time since 2009, finishing 5th at both of their events, the 2012 Rostelecom Cup and the 2012 NHK Trophy. They set their personal best overall score of 162.25 points. They finished 6th at the 2013 Russian Championships.
In 2013–14, Martiusheva/Rogonov began their season by taking silver at the Lombardia Trophy, followed by another silver at the 2013 Ondrej Nepela Trophy. They were seventh at their first Grand Prix assignment, the 2013 Cup of China. A week later, the pair replaced the injured Yuko Kavaguti / Alexander Smirnov at the 2013 NHK Trophy. Two days before the 2014 Russian Championships, Martiusheva injured a leg muscle in a bad fall and doctors ordered the pair to withdraw.
Television.
In January 2014, Rogonov joined a celebrity skating show in Lithuania, LNK's "Šokiai ant ledo", as the partner of Lithuanian television host Gintarė Gurevičiūtė.

</doc>
<doc id="19343778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343778" title="Sainte-Thérèse-de-la-Gatineau, Quebec">
Sainte-Thérèse-de-la-Gatineau, Quebec

Sainte-Thérèse-de-la-Gatineau is a municipality in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. Located between the Gatineau River and Thirty-One Mile Lake, it is the smallest municipality in terms of population in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec.
It takes its name from the Sainte-Thérèse-de-l'Enfant-Jésus Parish, formed in 1934, which in turn was named after Saint Thérèse of the Child Jesus (1873–1897).
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 236
Languages:

</doc>
<doc id="19343782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343782" title="Anna Richardson">
Anna Richardson

Anna Clare Richardson (born 27 September 1970) is an English presenter, television producer, writer and journalist, as well as author of a book.
Personal life.
Anna Clare Richardson was born on 27 September 1970 in Shropshire, England.
Career.
She started her television presenting career on "The Big Breakfast" on Channel 4, and thereafter for the next six years appeared regularly in television programmes including "Love Bites" for ITV, for which she was nominated for an RTS award.
Richardson went on to present "Love Bites Back", "Dream Ticket", "Des Res" and the ITV series "Big Screen", where she met and interviewed a number of prominent Hollywood personalities.
She has also written and produced television programmes including "No Waste Like Home"; "Turn Back Your Body Clock"; and Channel 4's series "You Are What You Eat".
Richardson returned to television presenting on Channel 4’s "Supersize vs Superskinny" which covered the topic of unconventional dietary habits with an emphasis on celebrities. She tried radical regimes "in a quest to expose uncomfortable truths about the quest for size zero".
She fronted Channel 4's "The Sex Education Show", broadcast from 9 September – 14 October 2008. Despite stellar critical acclaim, multiple students filed law suits against Ms Richardson claiming she "took liberty with her (sic) postion" whilst interviewing students in Marlow. The Sex Education Show returned in March 2009 as "The Sex Education Show vs. Pornography". A third series "The Sex Education Show: Am I Normal?" was broadcast on July 2010. The fourth series, called "The Sex Education Show: Stop Pimping Our Kids", aired from 19–21 April 2011. The fifth series began on 19 July 2011.
She presents Channel 4's "Secret Eaters", which began on 16 May 2012.
She also presents "How Not to Get Old" alongside Louise Redknapp which began on 7 August 2013.
Anna is often confused with television interior designer Anna Ryder Richardson.
Legal dispute with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Richardson sued Arnold Schwarzenegger and two of his aides, Sean Walsh and publicist Sheryl Main, over comments they made about her claims that he groped her. The case was settled in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19343784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343784" title="European Movement Belgium">
European Movement Belgium

The European Movement - Belgium (EMB) is the Belgian branch of the International European Movement. As a non-profit association, open to all individuals and organisations supporting European integration, the EMB works for the promotion of a united Europe, closer to its citizens. In this context, it tries to inform and call on Europe and to contribute to the development of a European consciousness. Supported by its members, the EMB is independent and autonomous, with headquarters in Brussels.
History.
The Belgian Council of the European Movement, founded in 1949, has played an important role in the European integration, especially under the inspiration of Presidents like Paul-Henri Spaak and Jean Rey, respectively Chairman of the Parliamentary Assembly of the ECSC and of the European Commission. 
A difficult financial situation and the European Parliament elections by universal suffrage in 1979 (which was, for some, an ideal link between the Community and its citizens) led the Belgian scuttling. 
The association was then dissolved when the European idea had progressed and its function to encourage the Belgian authorities to adopt a pro-European was less necessary. 
In 1992, in the wake of Danish and French referendums on the Maastricht Treaty, and in opposition to 'Eurosceptics' who showed Europe as the cause of all evils, some political figures such Willy De Clercq(†), have revived the Movement European - Belgium. Because of a widening gap between European integration and public opinion, its action has become absolutely relevant and necessary.
Activities.
To achieve its objectives, the EMB organizes annually through Belgium a diversified program and activities accessible to a wide audience: 
In partnership with the young comity and Young European Federalists- Belgium, the EMB is also introducing a range of activities for young people: 
The European Movement - Belgium finally participates in the activities of the International European Movement.
Structure.
The European Movement - Belgium is one of 41 national councils of the European Movement International. It is composed of a General Assembly, a Bureau and a Board of Governors, which meets every two months. 
The EMB is currently chaired by Anne Van Lancker MEP (Socialist Group), successor to the post at Charles-Ferdinand Nothomb, Belgian Minister of State. 
Office 2007 - 2009: 

</doc>
<doc id="19343791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343791" title="Tetlin Junction, Alaska">
Tetlin Junction, Alaska

Tetlin Junction (also Forty Mile, Tetlin Center, or Tetling Junction) is an unincorporated community in Southeast Fairbanks Census Area, Alaska, United States. Its elevation is 1,745 feet (532 m), along the north bank of the Tanana River. The official spelling of its name has been "Tetlin Junction" since a Board on Geographic Names ruling in 1950. The community is named for its location at the junction of the Alaska and Taylor highways: it lies 8 miles (13 km) east of Tok Junction, 13 miles (21 km) north-northwest of Tetlin, and 11 miles (18 km) east-southeast of Tanacross.

</doc>
<doc id="19343812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343812" title="Peter Marti">
Peter Marti

Peter Marti (born 12 July 1952 in Langenthal) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a striker during the 1970s and 1980s.
Marti began his career at BSC Young Boys in 1970 before signing for FC Zürich in 1972. In the 1973 Cupfinal Marti scored the first goal as Zürich beat Basel 2:0 aet.
In 1975, Marti transferred to Helmut Benthaus' successful FC Basel where he played for six years and won two national championships. He played for FC Aarau in the 1981/82 season and again for Basel during the 1982/83 season. In 1983 Marti signed for Aarau and retired in 1985. 
Peter Marti played six games for the Swiss national football team.
Honours.
Zürich
Basel

</doc>
<doc id="19343819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343819" title="Northern redbelly snake">
Northern redbelly snake

The Northern redbelly snake (Storeria occipitomaculata occipitomaculata) is a nonvenomous snake in the Colubridae family, a subspecies of "Storeria occipitomaculata". It is endemic to North America.
Geographic range.
It is found from Saskatchewan to Nova Scotia, south to Florida and Texas.
Description.
Adult and young have known dorsal colorations of solid olive-brown, tan-brown, chestnut-brown, grey-brown, grey or even black. They have three yellow spots posterior to the head shields, to which the specific name "occipitomaculata" (meaning spotted back of the head) refers. The underside is coral-red to brick-red. Coloration is usually made up of three different shades forming a striped pattern. Like all species of the genus "Storeria", redbelly snakes have keeled scales and no loreal scale. Some specimens have been found with three black dots on the top of the head. Adults will grow to about in total length (body + tail).
Habitat.
They can be found in moist flowerbeds, gardens, and moist woodlands, such as borders between a forest and a wetland.
Diet.
They feed primarily on slugs and earthworms.
Reproduction.
The Northern redbelly snake gives birth to live young. Each newborn measures about 7.6–11 cm (3-4¼ in.) in total length.
In captivity.
They are known to live up to 4 years in captivity. Being nonvenomous, they can be safely held.

</doc>
<doc id="19343827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343827" title="GKS Tychy (ice hockey)">
GKS Tychy (ice hockey)

The GKS Tychy is a Polish ice hockey club from Tychy which plays at the moment in the Ekstraklasa and therefore the highest professional class of the country.
The club was founded in 1971. The home station of GKS Tychy has a capacity of 2,700 seats (Stadion Zimowy).
Up to now the biggest association success was winning the league title in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19343845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343845" title="Théobald Dillon">
Théobald Dillon

Théobald Dillon (1745, Dublin – 1792, near Lille) was count of Dillon and an Irish-born general in the French army. He was the grandson of Arthur Dillon, the nephew of the bishop Arthur Richard Dillon and the cousin of general Arthur Dillon (who also had a brother named Theobald). 
On 29 April 1792, following the loss of a skirmish with Austrian forces, Dillon was murdered by his own troops outside the city of Lille. The troops apparently believed that their defeat by the Austrians was the result of a conspiracy on the part of Dillon, whom they called a "traitor and aristocrat."

</doc>
<doc id="19343855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343855" title="Svetlana Navasardyan">
Svetlana Navasardyan

Svetlana Navasardyan (born in Yerevan,) is an Armenian pianist.
A disciple of Yakov Zak, she first stood out at the East German musical scene, being awarded prizes at Zwickau's Robert Schumann and Leipzig's Johann Sebastian Bach Competition. She later attained a 5th prize at the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition and was second to Irina Plotnikova at the inaugural edition of the Sydney International Piano Competition. She has performed at an intercontinental level. 
Navasardyan was distinguished a People's Artist of Armenian SSR (1985) and was awarded a laureate at the Armenian SSR State Prize four years later. She is a professor at the Yerevan State Musical Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19343857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343857" title="Network diagram">
Network diagram

A network diagram may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19343861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343861" title="Ardglass railway station">
Ardglass railway station

Ardglass railway station was the terminus of the Downpatrick, Killough and Ardglass Railway, which ran from Belfast south to Newcastle, County Down in Northern Ireland.
History.
Opened by the Downpatrick, Killough and Ardglass Railway, it became part of the Belfast and County Down Railway. The station closed to passengers in 1950, by which time it had been taken over by the Ulster Transport Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="19343873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343873" title="Alexey Yegorov">
Alexey Yegorov

Aleksey Yegorov (; born March 21, 1975) is a retired male freestyle swimmer. He competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia) for Kazakhstan and then for Russia in 2000 (Sydney, Australia). His best Olympic result was finishing in 8th place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the men's 4×200 m freestyle relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="19343874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343874" title="Michael Pearse Lacey">
Michael Pearse Lacey

Michael Pearse Lacey (born November 26, 1916) is a Canadian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. As of 2013 he is one of the oldest bishops in the Catholic Church and the oldest Canadian bishop. 
Lacey was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and was ordained a priest on May 23, 1943. He was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Toronto on May 3, 1979, and ordained a bishop June 21, 1979. He remained as auxiliary bishop of the Toronto Archdiocese until his retirement on May 31, 1993, and continues as Titular Bishop of Diano.

</doc>
<doc id="19343879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343879" title="Pete Chisman">
Pete Chisman

Peter ("Pete") Chisman (8 September 1940 – 23 October 2003) was a British racing cyclist who won the Tour of Britain - known then as the Milk Race - in 1963. He led the race from beginning to end.
Biography.
Peter Chisman was born in Durham, England on 8 September 1940.
Pete Chisman was known to friends as Chis. He started his career by winning his first race, a cyclo-cross near Durham. He rode on a bike borrowed from a friend. That led him to join the Houghton Wheelers club when he was 14. He won six races in 1958, including the junior road race championship of north-east England. He won 12 single-day races and a four-day race in 1960. His amateur wins included the Tour of the Lakes, the White Rose two-day and the Red Rose two-day.
He was picked in 1961 for the North of England team in the Milk Race. He won two stages and finished fourth. That brought him promotion to the England team in 1963. He won five stages, including the first, and wore the yellow jersey of race leader from beginning to end.
He turned professional in 1966 for Raleigh-BMB with Arthur Metcalfe, John Aslin, Bernard Burns and George Shaw and started the Tour de France the following year. But he never had the same success as he had enjoyed as an amateur and he stopped racing in 1971. He worked as a civil engineer for local councils. Throughout his racing life he was a member of Houghton Wheelers apart from a brief period with Cheviot CC.
Chisman never stopped cycling, sometimes riding 180 miles a day. Eight weeks before his death he rode 130 miles from Sunderland to Edinburgh to visit his grandchildren. It took him eight hours.
Chisman died in hospital in Sunderland on 23 October 2003 after a prostate operation His racing companion, Dave Thornton, said at his funeral: 
We have come to pay our respects to a champion, but more than that, to a modest champion, a quiet unassuming sportsman in the true sense of the word, a true gentleman who was universally respected and liked. Peter will not be forgotten, he will be remembered around the table in our favourite 'tea-stops', as he was last Sunday, and he will be with us in spirit in the high hills, where he battled it out with the best.

</doc>
<doc id="19343881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343881" title="Ketterer">
Ketterer

Ketterer is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19343898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343898" title="Herb Gilbert, Jr.">
Herb Gilbert, Jr.

Herb Gilbert, Jr. is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1930s and 40s whose usual position was at hooker. Son of Kangaroo great Herb Gilbert, Herb Junior started playing first grade in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership with the St. George club in 1938. The following year he began representative playing duties for New South Wales. In 1941 Gilbert played alongside his brother Jack in the club's first grand final win. He played in the following year's grand final loss to Canterbury as well, however the outbreak of war then interrupted his football career.
Gilbert later returned to football, moving to the Balmain club for the 1946 season, again representing New South Wales. That year Balmain reached the final against his former club St. George. Gilbert played in a close game, won by Balmain 13 - 12. Tensions of the encounter overflowed after full-time and the match concluded on an ugly note when Saints forward, Jim Hale went toe to toe with Gilbert. Hale was then attacked by a spectator and an all-in brawl followed. Gilbert went on to feature in the following year's grand final win for the club as well, retiring after the 1948 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19343902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343902" title="Canton of Longueville-sur-Scie">
Canton of Longueville-sur-Scie

The Canton of Longueville-sur-Scie is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and associated light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Longueville-sur-Scie. The altitude varies from 14m (Saint-Germain-d'Étables) to 176m (Muchedent) for an average altitude of 87m.
Composition.
The Canton of Longueville-sur-Scie comprises 23 communes and a total of 7,091 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19343913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343913" title="Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews">
Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews

Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on sustainable energy. It is published in 9 issues per year by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is L. Kazmerski (National Renewable Energy Laboratory). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 6.018.

</doc>
<doc id="19343924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343924" title="Rizwan Ahmed (cricketer)">
Rizwan Ahmed (cricketer)

Rizwan Ahmed (born 1 October 1978) is a Pakistani cricketer. He is an all-rounder, batting right-handed and bowling right-arm leg-spin bowler.
Rizwan has played for Hyderabad since his debut in 1999, occasionally also representing Khan Research Laboratories. He made his debut against Zimbabwe in 2008 in the absence of several more senior players. Although his fielding was praised, the Zimbabwean batsmen hit 26 runs from his four overs and he was unable to take a wicket.

</doc>
<doc id="19343933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343933" title="Operation Mole Cricket 19">
Operation Mole Cricket 19

Operation Mole Cricket 19 (, "Mivtza Artzav Tsha-Esreh") was a suppression of enemy air defenses (SEAD) campaign launched by the Israeli Air Force (IAF) against Syrian targets on June 9, 1982, at the outset of the 1982 Lebanon War. The operation was the first time in history that a Western air force successfully destroyed a Soviet-built surface-to-air missile (SAM) network. It also became one of the biggest air battles since World War II, and the biggest since the Korean War. The result was a decisive Israeli victory, leading to the colloquial name the Bekaa Valley Turkey Shoot.
The IAF began working on a SAM suppression operation since the end of the Yom Kippur War. Rising tensions between Israel and Syria over Lebanon escalated in the early 1980s and culminated in Syria deploying the SAM batteries in the Beqaa Valley. On June 6, 1982, Israel invaded Lebanon, and on the third day of the war, with clashes going on between the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and the Syrian Army, Israel decided to launch the operation.
The battle lasted about two hours, and involved innovative tactics and technology. By the end of the day, the IAF had destroyed seventeen of the nineteen SAM batteries deployed in the Beqaa Valley and shot down 90 enemy aircraft, without losses. The battle led the United States to impose a ceasefire on Israel and Syria.
Background.
Aftermath of the Yom Kippur War.
In the Yom Kippur War of 1973, Egypt had 20 mobile SA-6 SAM systems, backed up by 70 SA-2s, 65 SA-3s, and upward of 2,500 anti-aircraft batteries and about 3,000 SA-7s. Syria deployed another 34 SAM batteries. In the first three days, the IAF lost 50 aircraft in about 1,220 sorties, a loss rate of four percent. The SA-6s, SA-7s, and ZSU-23-4 guns hit 53 of Israel's prewar total of 170 A-4 Skyhawks and 33 of its 177 F-4 Phantoms. As a result, the IAF found it difficult to provide air support to the ground troops. When Egypt tried to push beyond the range of its SAM batteries on October 14, it lost 28 aircraft. Ezer Weizman, a former IAF commander, said that "the wing of the fighter plane was broken by the SAM". Between 1973 and 1978, the IAF undertook a major project to try to find an answer to the SAM threat.
On May 28, 1980, IAF guided missiles destroyed two armored cars carrying SA-9 batteries, manned by Libyan troops, near Sidon. The Israeli media declared that a solution to the SAM problem was found, but the IAF Commander, David Ivry, said that this assessment was premature, and that the SA-9 was not really significantly superior to its predecessors. The Prime Minister, Menachem Begin, then also Minister of Defense, announced that the IAF could destroy the SAM batteries in two hours. Ivry told the media that the IAF could do nothing of the kind.
1981 SAM crisis.
On April 28, 1981 the IAF (F-16A fighters from 117 squadron in Ramat David air base) shot down two Syrian helicopters over Lebanon. Syria responded by deploying its first SAM brigades to the Beqaa Valley. The SAM batteries were not a direct strategic threat to Israel, and there were already several Syrian SAM batteries in east Lebanon, across the border. Begin faced a dilemma: on one hand, the new deployment damaged Israel's deterrence credibility and, on the other hand, a strike might lead to an unnecessary clash with Syria. Eventually, he decided on an attack, to be launched on April 30, but the operation was called off due to weather conditions. By the time the weather cleared, the IAF was preoccupied with preparations for Operation Opera. Meanwhile, the United States was concerned that Soviet reaction to an Israeli strike might lead to a crisis between the superpowers, and pressured Begin not to attack. Israel agreed to cancel the strike, and an American envoy, Philip Habib, was sent to the region as a mediator. He shuttled between Jerusalem and Damascus but failed to get the SAM batteries removed.
On December 14, Israel passed the Golan Heights Law which annexed the Golan Heights to Israel. The Syrian President, Hafez al-Assad, considered it a declaration of war, but believed that Syria was in no condition to fight it. The law subjected Israel to severe American and international criticism. On December 20, the Cabinet of Israel convened for a weekly meeting, in which Defense Minister Ariel Sharon and the Chief of Staff (Ramatkal) Rafael Eitan presented the "Big Plan" for an invasion of Lebanon, which included seizure of the Beirut-Damascus Highway. Begin supported the plan, but other members of the Cabinet opposed and he decided to cancel it.
The SAM suppression operation was originally called "Mole 3", but the figure increased in respect to the number of SAM batteries detected, eventually reaching 19. At this point the name was changed to "Mole Cricket", after the name of the plan for a general war since 1973, in order to prepare the force psychologically. The name was first revealed in 2002.
Prelude.
On Tuesday June 8, 1982, while Israeli forces were advancing on Jezzine, Begin addressed part of his statement in the Knesset to the Syrians, urging them not to intervene in the war and saying, "inter alia", that: "I once again state that we do not want a war with Syria. From this platform I call on President Assad to instruct the Syrian army not to harm Israeli soldiers and then nothing bad will happen to soldiers. We desire no clashes with the Syrian army, if we reach the line 40 km from out northern border the work will have been done, all fighting will end. I am directing my words to the ears of the President of Syria. He knows how to keep an agreement. He signed a cease-fire with us and kept it. He did not allow the terrorists to act. If he behaves in this manner now in Lebanon, no Syrian soldier will be harmed by our soldiers".
That night, while the Battle of Jezzine was raging in central Lebanon, Sharon said at a meeting in the Northern Command headquarters "We know today that there will be a direct confrontation with the Syrians" and argued that it would be best to move deeper into Lebanon. At 11:00 PM the IDF entered Ein Zahalta and were caught in a battle against a Syrian division, which halted its advance. Sharon used this as his principal argument for launching Mole Cricket 19. Yekutiel Adam, former Deputy Chief of Staff and designated Head of the Mossad, voiced his concern that the Cabinet was not fully aware of the war's scope and objective. Nevertheless, Sharon gave North Command chief, Amir Drori, a go-ahead to drive on the Beqaa valley, and Deputy Chief of Staff Moshe Levi flew to Ein Zahalta to tell the commander, Menachem Einan, that the IAF would attack the Syrian missiles that day. Meanwhile, Ivry learned that Remotely Piloted Vehicles (RPV) had spotted an additional five SA-6s moving from the Golan Heights into the Beqaa Valley. The IAF interpreted that move as a signal that Syria had no intention of becoming involved in a major war — otherwise the SAMs would have been positioned to defend the approach to Damascus. The redeployment suggested to Ivry that they could strike the SAM sites without risking an all-out war with Syria.
Sharon flew back to Jerusalem to attend a Cabinet meeting on Wednesday, June 9. He said Syria had already begun moving its second armored division (the Third Division) south from Ein Zahalta. The political timetable dictated that waiting until Thursday would not leave enough time for a ground advance. Drori, who came with Sharon to the meeting, was against the attack, saying it was superfluous. Eitan was ambivalent, preferring to limit the attack to a signal to the Syrians. The Communications Minister, Mordechai Tzipori, argued that Sharon's plan had exceeded the original forty-kilometer line. Sharon replied that the line had to be measured from Israel's northernmost point, Metula. He added that destroying the missile batteries in the Beqaa was necessary to save the force at Ein Zahalta. The Interior Minister, Yosef Burg, pointed out that a fight against the Syrians seemed imminent, in contrast to what the Cabinet wanted, and that attacking the missiles would only aggravate things and lead to an all-out war. Sharon stressed the vulnerability of the soldiers in the field. Begin turned to Ivry's deputy, Amos Amir, and asked for his projection of the IAF's losses in such an attack. Amir replied "I cannot promise no losses whatsoever, but they will be minimal". Begin supported the attack and eventually Burg was also convinced. Sharon left the conference and issued an order for an air strike as well as a ground operation.
Battle.
On the morning of June 9, the IAF aircraft over Lebanon were operating at three levels. Kfirs and Skyhawks were along the coastline from Sidon to the outskirts of Beirut, providing close air support for the ground troops and striking at Palestine Liberation Organization targets. At the second level, over 10,000 feet, similar formations were circling and awaiting orders. At the top level, Hawkeyes were stationed to ensure air control. The first task force aircraft attacked the Syrian radar at the top of Jebel Baruk, which was commanding a large area.
Ivry received the green light at 10:00 AM to execute the operation, but by then he had postponed the attack until 2:00 PM. At 1:30 PM, Eitan ordered Ivry to strike, and the Israeli aircraft took off in pairs. The first wave was made up of 96 F-15s and F-16s. The second wave which attacked the SAM batteries at 3:50 PM was made up of 92 aircraft. When the attack was launched, the Syrians ordered their combat air patrols to return to base and land.
IAF aircraft carried electronic countermeasures pods to foil radar tracking. The IAF command post in Tel Aviv provided Ivry a real-time command picture of the air battle through various data links. E-2Cs with airborne surveillance radar down-linked their pictures to the command post. A squadron of Tadiran Mastiff and IAI Scout Remotely Piloted Vehicles (RPV) kept at least two vehicles in the air all the time, providing constant location of the SAM batteries. A two-way voice communications between Ivry and his pilots was set up, allowing for real-time command.
The primary Syrian fighters involved were MiG-21, with considerable numbers of MiG-23s and Su-20s also deployed. Syrian aircraft depended on ground-controlled interception (GCI) sites for command and control. The SAM sites were a combination of SA-2s, SA-3s, and SA-6s. The IAF's F-15s, F-16s, F-4s, and Kfirs were equipped with AIM-7F Sparrow radar-guided missiles, AIM-9L Sidewinder infrared-guided missiles, and computer-aimed 20-mm cannons. The F-15s and F-16s were equipped with a Head-up display (HUD) system.
The Mastiff RPVs went in first to cause the Syrian SAMs to turn on their radars by convincing the Syrians that many attack aircraft were overhead. Once the Mastiffs were tracked by Syrian radar, the tracking signals were relayed to another Scout outside of the missiles' range. The Scout then relayed the signal to E2C Hawkeye aircraft orbiting off the coast. The data gathered was analyzed by the E2Cs and Boeing 707 ECM aircraft. Once the SAM crews fired missiles at the drones, the F-15s and F-16s provided air cover while F-4 Phantoms attacked the SAM batteries, destroying them with AGM-78 and AGM-45 anti-radiation missiles. The rapid flight time of the missiles minimized the F-4s' exposure to the SAMs. The Syrians reportedly fired 57 SA-6s, to no effect.
According to Ivry, many of the SAM batteries were on the Syrian side of the border. Said Eitan, "From the operational point of view I can say that we used the mini-RPVs, long before the war, to identify and locate all the Syrian missile batteries. We then used superior electronic devices which enabled us to "blind" or neutralize the missile sites' ground-to-air radar. We rendered them ineffective to take reliable fixes on our aircraft aloft. But in advance of direct aerial attacks, we used long-range artillery".
The Syrians responded by launching about 100 fighter aircraft to stop the attacks. Intercepting IAF pilots relied frequently on VHF radio, in hopes of preserving their tactical communications and links to the command post. Selective airborne communications jamming disrupted the airwaves for the MiG-21s and MiG-23s and cut them off from ground control, making them vulnerable to AWACS-directed attacks from the Israeli F-15s and F-16s.
The IAF positioned RPVs over three major airfields in Syria to report when and how many Syrian aircraft were taking off. The data was transmitted to the E-2Cs. The IAF took advantage of the fact that the MiGs had only nose and tail alert radar systems and no side warnings or look-up and look-down systems, by jamming the GCI communications net. E-2Cs guided the Israeli aircraft into positions that enabled them to attack the Syrian aircraft from the side, where the latter would have no warning. Because of the jamming, the Syrians GCI controllers could not direct their pilots toward the incoming Israeli aircraft. The Sparrow missiles attacked at speeds of Mach 3.5 at ranges of 14 to 25 miles, which meant that they were not only outside the Syrians' radar range but also outside their visual range. The Sidewinders' "head-on" capabilities at close range gave the Israelis firepower advantage.
Discussing the Syrian response to the attacks, Eitan said: "The first reaction of the Syrians when we attacked their missiles was to scramble their air forces... any fighter pilots who crossed an imaginary line in the direction of our forces was destroyed, shot down. The imaginary line was actually the range of the missile batteries in Syria proper. The basic tactic of the Syrian air force is to take to the air and to cross this imaginary line, which brings them outside the protective range of their home-based missiles. They do what they can, then run back for cover."
By evening, twenty-nine MiGs were shot down and seventeen of the nineteen SAM batteries were destroyed. The IAF suffered no losses. Near 4:00 PM, with fourteen batteries destroyed and an hour left until dark, Ivry decided to call off the operation, assuming the optimal result had been achieved and that the Syrians would move more SAMs into place the next day. The operation was stopped shortly after 4:00 PM. Colonel Aviem Sella, a member of the operation staff, later said that Sharon severely criticized that decision.
Aftermath.
That night, the IAF destroyed the Syrian Army's 47th Armored Brigade north of Baalbek as it was moving south, and the following day, the IAF destroyed six other SAM batteries, two that remained from the operation and four that the Syrians moved into the Beqaa valley that night. Syrian Defense Minister, Mustafa Tlass told Assad that "the Syrian Air Force was outclassed, the ground-to-air missiles useless, and that without air cover, the army could not fight on".
Sharon later said that "If we would have tolerated that development, the Syrian armored forces would have consisted of 600 tanks protected by an extensive missile umbrella. Their missile batteries fired at our planes. We had no choice other than to approve a military operation to destroy the missile buildup". He called the operation "the turning point" in the invasion. A senior IAF officer, widely believed to be Ivry himself, later said that "Syrian aircraft were fighting from a disadvantage, having to respond to the Israeli threat wherever and whenever it materialized, within a general strategic and tactical situation not in Syria's favor."
Tzipori later wrote in his book that Sharon tricked the Cabinet into believing that the confrontation with the Syrians was unexpected, and that Sharon had in fact been planning the attack since the eve of the war. Sharon maintained that on June 6 he had ordered the IDF not to cross the Awali River and to avoid a confrontation with the Syrians. Sharon said he did order the army to prepare for a contingency plan, however, to drive on the Beirut-Damascus highway in case the Syrians attacked first. Eitan claimed that on the night before the operation, he had agreed with Sharon to prepare the IAF for the attack, in case the Cabinet approved it. Senior Israeli commanders said after the operation that Operation Peace for Galilee could have been achieved without confronting the Syrians.
On Wednesday, Assad sent Tlass to Moscow to seek a comprehensive air umbrella. The Soviets refused but prepared large amounts of military equipment at airfields for dispatch to Syria and sent Marshall Pavel Stepanovich Kutakhov to Syria to find out what happened to the Syrian SAMs, fearing that NATO might do the same in Eastern Europe. On June 9, Assad met with American envoy Habib in Damascus and rejected his terms, demanding that Israel withdraw its forces from Lebanon as a condition for a ceasefire. US President Ronald Reagan called on Begin and Assad to accept a ceasefire effective at 6:00 AM, on June 10. By noon on Friday, when the ceasefire took effect, the IAF had shot down 82 aircraft without losing any in air combat. A year after the battle, a US fact-finding mission headed by Lieutenant-General John Chain, then deputy chief of staff for plans and operations, arrived in Israel to learn lessons on the battle.
The Soviet military newspaper "Krasnaya Zvezda" announced that "sixty-seven Israeli aircraft, including modern US-made F-15 and F-16 fighters, were downed" in the fighting. The newspaper also reported a meeting with a Syrian airman who recounted an engagement in which he shot down an Israeli F-15: "The victory had not been easy; the enemy had been subtle". Even within Soviet ranks, these claims met with great skepticism. In 1991, Ivry met a Czech general who had been serving in Moscow in 1982. He told Ivry that the operation made the Soviets understand that Western technology was superior to theirs, and that in his view, the blow to the Beqaa Valley SAMs was an impetus to Glasnost and Soviet Union's collapse.

</doc>
<doc id="19343947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343947" title="Harry Howard (footballer)">
Harry Howard (footballer)

Henry Howard (1871 – after 1906), known as Harry Howard, was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half. Born in Rotherham, he had trials with Rotherham Town and Sheffield Wednesday before joining Sheffield United, for whom he made 48 appearances in the Football League. He went on to play 51 games in all competitions for Small Heath.

</doc>
<doc id="19343950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343950" title="Blakiston, South Australia">
Blakiston, South Australia

Blakiston is a town in the Australian state of South Australia. The town is located approximately south-east of the state capital, Adelaide, adjacent to the Princes Highway. Its postal code is 5250 - though it has no post office. Post is delivered to the neighbouring town of Littlehampton which shares the post code. The town and surrounding countryside make up around 16 square kilometres. At the 2006 census, Blakiston and the surrounding area had a population of 697.
Blakiston has been occupied since 1846. The town was founded by Francis Davison and named for his ancestral home, Blakiston Hall in County Durham. Its main (only) landmarks include a roadside pub and stage house (currently a private house), a cheese factory converted to a private residence, St James Church (consecrated in 1846) and neighbouring rectory, a demolished school house and the large residence of Blakiston House as well as a smaller residence. Rumour has it that the old school house was in fact demolished by rampaging cattle some time in the mid-20th century. All of these structures date from the mid to late 19th century and are constructed from a mix of pink sandstone and red brick. The Church and Rectory are listed buildings. On the lower east wall of the Church are some small carvings of sailing ships, possibly dating back to the mid-19th century. Blakiston is surrounded by a mixture of pastureland and eucalyptus forest and includes a few other houses dating from the mid twentieth century.
Blakiston has no signs or markers indicating that it is a separate town from the close by town of Littlehampton. In fact Blakiston is in the process of being absorbed into the suburban area of Littlehampton and as a result is losing much of its individual character.
St James Church of England.
St James Church of England, in the town of Blakiston, is the fifth oldest Anglican Church in South Australia. The of the Church, Cemetery and Rectory was bought by George Morphett and Samuel Stocks from McFarlane in 1843 and was given for the building of the church in May 1846. Sentence of consecration was pronounced and the Church consecrated by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide on 28 April 1848. The Church is constructed of sandstone and includes the Chapel and Rector's changing room. The Church includes some pretty stained glass windows, old pews and a small organ. Adjacent to the Church is a small bell tower of later heritage. As of 2008, the Church and cemetery are still in use, while the Rectory and surrounding acreage are rented by the Church of England to private tenants.
The Rectory is a single story sandstone building dating back to the construction of the Church. It includes 6 main rooms, including: a formal dining room, Rector's study, bedroom, formal living room and two other smaller rooms of unknown use. A newer addition was added to the house in the early 20th century which today includes the kitchen/breakfast room and a bathroom. The house has an old disused cellar. The roof of the Rectory is made of corrugated iron but hides an original timber shingle roof. The shingle roof can no longer be seen but is thought to be in pristine condition. A number of past tenants of the Rectory have reported sighting a ghostly figure in the Rector's study. The alleged apparition is of an old man, sitting and quietly reading.
Behind the Rectory is the old three-sided barn, also made of sandstone, with an earth floor. One of the walls collapsed in the early 1980s and was inadequately replaced with corrugated iron cladding.

</doc>
<doc id="19343974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343974" title="Roberto Di Cosmo">
Roberto Di Cosmo

Roberto Di Cosmo is a computer scientist and director of IRILL, the Innovation and research initiative for free software ().
He graduated from the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa and has a PhD from the University of Pisa, before becoming tenured professor at the École normale supérieure in Paris, then professor at the Paris 7 University.
Di Cosmo was an early member of the AFUL, association of the French community of Linux and Free Software users, he's also known for his support in the Open Source Software movement.
He became famous after releasing a paper against Microsoft in 1998 : "Piège dans le cyberespace" ("Hijacking the world, the dark side of Microsoft"). Co-written with the journalist Dominique Nora, this book is now freely available under Creative Commons licence BY-NC-ND.
His most famous contributions to Linux is also the first « live » linux distribution (2000 to 2002) : demolinux, making possible to boot Linux from a CD-ROM, without setting up the entire distribution.
He was one of the founders, and the first president, of the Open Source Thematic Group within the Systematic innovation cluster.
Di Cosmo is a member of the Board of Trustees at the IMDEA Software Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19343994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19343994" title="Canton of Neufchâtel-en-Bray">
Canton of Neufchâtel-en-Bray

The Canton of Neufchâtel-en-Bray is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of north-western France.
Geography.
An area of farming, forestry and light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Neufchâtel-en-Bray. The altitude varies from 53m (Mesnières-en-Bray) to 244m (Nesle-Hodeng) for an average altitude of 133m.
Composition.
The Canton of Neufchâtel-en-Bray comprises 23 communes and a total of 11,428 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19344033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344033" title="Charlie Davey (cyclist)">
Charlie Davey (cyclist)

Charles (Charlie) Frederick Davey (27 August 1886 – 7 October 1964) was a British racing cyclist who rode in the Olympic Games, the world championship and the marathon Bol d'Or race.
Davey originally played football. He also tried athletics. At 17 he came third in a 12-mile walk promoted by tradesmen in Addiscombe, Surrey. He competed for East Surrey Harriers. He started cycling when his brothers persuaded him to try racing on a grass track in another event run by the tradesmen. He won five prizes.
In 1910. he joined the Vegetarian Cycling and Athletic Club, moving to the Addiscombe CC, a club he founded in 1906. His first win on the road was for the Addiscombe club in the Olympian CC 50-mile time trial, held between Crawley and Godstone, which he won by eight minutes in 2h 35m 0s.
In 1911. he finished third in the Anerley 12-hour time-trial. That qualified him to ride for Britain in the 1912 Olympic Games road race in Stockholm. The race was run over 200 miles around lake Mälaren. The organisation was chaotic, riders bunching together instead of being separated, cars impeding the competitors and errors in the time-keeping.
Davey won his first record when in 1914 he partnered Harry Paul to beat the Southern Road Records Association 50-mile time, followed two weeks later by London-Worthing-London.
War interrupted his career and he became a petty officer in the Royal Naval Air Service, forerunner of the Royal Air Force. He was stationed in the Orkney Islands, where he swam two miles to a buoy in Scapa Flow and back again.
In 1920 Davey he won seven track events, the Balham 50-mile time trial, the Anerley 12-hour and the Lincolnshire championships at 25, 50 and 100 miles. He was selected for the Olympic Games in Antwerp as a reserve. He waited until the complete team had arrived at the ferry port in Harwich, then rode the Anerley 12-hour to finish second to Maurice Selbach.
His best year was 1921, the year of the first cycling world road race championship. Davey was 34.
Britain ran the world championship in 1922, again run as a time trial, in Shropshire. The winner was Dave Marsh of Britain. Davey came third and Britain won a gold medal as best team.
Davey turned professional the following year for the New Hudson bicycle company. He beat the Land's End to London record by 1hr 55m, then the 24-hour record with 402 miles and Land's End to London again in 17h 29m. He went to Paris to ride the Bol d'Or marathon race on the Buffalo velodrome. He finished sixth, the winner being Oscar Egg after 550 miles.
Davey's last year was when he was 40. He beat the London to Portsmouth and back record by 12 minutes and set the London to Bath and back record at 11h 47m 52s. In retirement he managed other riders' record attempts and arranged or scheduled many rides between 1926 and 1960.
Addiscombe Cycling Club gave him a gold-plated spanner in 1959 for his work for the club.
He was celebrated in "Golden Book of Cycling" in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19344038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344038" title="Battle of Jezzine (1982)">
Battle of Jezzine (1982)

The Battle of Jezzine was fought on June 8, 1982 between the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and the Syrian Army in the Lebanese town of Jezzine. It was the first battle between Israel and Syria in the 1982 Lebanon War. It resulted in Israel capturing the town.
Prelude.
Jezzine was considered strategically important due to its location near a junction in which one road passed through the town and led to the southern Beqaa Valley and the other led north to Jebel Baruk, passing west of Lake Qaraoun. Menachem Einan's division was driving down a road that ended in a fork west of Jezzine and had to pass through the town. Control of both the town and the junction would have given the IDF access to the southern Beqaa Valley from the west. The Syrian 424th Infantry Battalion was stationed in the town. On June 7, Syria detected an Israeli division advancing north and sent several commando companies and a tank battalion to ambush the Israelis on their way to Jezzine.
On the night of Tuesday June 8, Israeli Defense Minister, Ariel Sharon, said at a meeting in the Northern Command headquarters "We know today that there will be a direct confrontation with the Syrians" and argued that it would be best to move deeper into Lebanon. He said to the other officers that "We have to build a context because we know that tomorrow we will take on the Syrians". Israel was not yet aware that a reduced Syrian battalion of tanks and a commando unit had joined the defending forces in Jezzine.
Einan was ordered to reach the main highway as quickly as possible. He avoided the crossroads as he closed in on the town at 1:00 AM on Tuesday, June 8. He left a blocking force behind as he pushed north. The blocking force spilled over the slope above the town and opened fire on the Syrians. It did not assault the town, but a battle ensued and the IDF lost two tanks. Meanwhile, an Israeli drone had discovered a Syrian force moving south through the Shouf Mountains toward Jezzine. Israeli Air Force planes accurately attacked that Syrian force. The Syrian Surface-to-air missile (SAM)s, were not activated against them.
Battle.
The 460th Armor Brigade, under Colonel Hagai Cohen's command, had crossed the Litani River on the Hardele Bridge on Monday, June 8. it was supposed to follow the column headed for the Beirut-Damascus Highway. After the Syrian force moving south was detected, it was ordered to change course and move east through Jezzine. At that point, Hagai Cohen was convinced that a fight with the Syrians was imminent. Shortly after 1:30 PM, Major General Avigdor Ben-Gal, commander of the eastern sector, ordered Cohen to prepare for an attack on the town. Cohen had no artillery or infantry. He tried to get Einan's artillery officer to send him an artillery unit, but by 2:00 AM Ben-Gal ordered him to attack immediately.
One tank company of 198th Battalion waited on the outskirts of the town while another moved up the main street. When it reached the center of town, it was assaulted by RPGs and grenades from several buildings. The company made it across town and destroyed three T-62 tanks stationed to block the exit. The former company was attacked by Syrian commandos using Sagger missiles, who knocked out three tanks. The company retreated. The Israeli battalion was now split between the two sides of town while the Syrians were firmly positioned in it.
At this point, Col. Cohen sent his second battalion, the 196th, to the front. One of its companies entered the town, but then it took a wrong turn at a fork in the road and reached a dead end. It was now positioned in a high commanding area, but exposed to Syrian armor fire behind the opposite ridge, southeast of the town. In a few minutes, two of its tanks were lost, but the company continued to provide cover fire from the ridge for the rest of the force. The other companies continued fighting the Syrians, until the company which entered the town has reached the nearby village of Huna. On the way there, the tank crew of company commander Tzur Maor destroyed six Syran T-62 tanks, which were well positioned and ambushed around each corner of the winding road. Captain Maor and his crew were then killed by a Syrian tank, which was later destroyed by the Israelis. Jezzine had fallen by nightfall. During the night, the armor crews, not being trained in infantry warfare, were fighting until dawn against dozens of Syrian commando troops trying to attack the tanks. The commando teams were destroyed without further casualties to the Israelis that night.
Aftermath.
Syrian President, Hafez al-Assad, was convinced that the Israelis were lying when they said they were only interested in striking at the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), and were in fact interested in fighting Syria. He decided to speed up the deployment of the 3rd Armored Division in the Beqaa Valley, and sent additional commando battalions to Lebanon.
On Tuesday afternoon, Syria sent five additional SAM batteries into Lebanon, bringing the system to a total of nineteen. Israel saw the fact that those SAMs were brought to Lebanon from the Golan Heights as a sign that Syria was not interested in expanding the war. The Israeli Air Force considered this to be an encouraging sign, and decided to launch Operation Mole Cricket 19.

</doc>
<doc id="19344045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344045" title="Andrey Gavrilov">
Andrey Gavrilov

Andrey Gavrilov (; born May 4, 1974) is a retired male butterfly swimmer from Kazakhstan. He competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia). His best Olympic result was finishing in 15th place at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the Men's 4x100m Medley Relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="19344072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344072" title="834th Airlift Division">
834th Airlift Division

The 834th Airlift Division (834 AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Military Airlift Command, assigned to Twenty-Second Air Force, being stationed at Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii. It was inactivated on 1 April 1992.
History.
Initially assumed command and control over two fighter bomber wings and the 834th Air Base Group at England AFB, Louisiana in September 1957. As an intermediate echelon between the wings and Tactical Air Command's Ninth, Twelfth and Eighteenth air forces, the division supervised operations and training, tactical exercises firepower demonstrations, and conducted periodic evaluations and inspections to ensure combat readiness of aircrews and equipment.
Vietnam War.
By June 1964, the conflict in Southeast Asia demanded much of the 834th's efforts. Late in 1966 the division was reassigned without personnel or equipment, to Tan Son Nhut Air Base, South Vietnam, to join Pacific Air Forces Seventh Air Force as the controlling agency for troop carrier, later tactical airlift, operations in South Vietnam. The division included the 315th Air Commando Wing, which operated C-123s, and the 483rd Troop Carrier Wing, which activated in October 1966 as the parent unit for former US Army Caribous which had transferred to the Air Force. The division also included the 2nd Aerial Port Group. In addition, 834th had operational control over 315th Air Division C-130s assigned on temporary duty in South Vietnam. Detachment One, 834th AD, controlled C-130s operating from Tan Son Nhut while Detachment Two controlled operations from Cam Ranh Bay. Through December 1971 it served as a single manager for all tactical airlift operations in South Vietnam, using air transport to haul cargo and troops, which were air-landed or air-dropped, as combat needs dictated. In addition, the 834th supervised transport operations (primarily C-47's) of the Vietnamese Air Force and six A-4 Wallaby transports operated by the Royal Australian Air Force. The 834th's flying components also performed defoliation missions, propaganda leaflet drops, and other special missions. During its last few months, the 834th worked toward passing combat airlift control to Seventh Air Force.
The 834th Air Division was awarded two Presidential Unit Citations, the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with Combat "V" and the Fourragere of the Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with Palm for its heroic achievements in the Vietnam War.
Tactical Air Command.
Reassigned back to the United States and TAC as part of the US withdrawal from South Vietnam in 1972. From March 1972 to December 1974 the division supervised Twelfth Air Force C-130 tactical airlift operations and participated in a series of tactical airlift exercises and joint training missions with U.S. Army units. Squadrons and detachment-size elements frequently deployed to points in Europe, the Canal Zone, Africa, Thailand, and elsewhere. The 834th flew many humanitarian missions to such widespread places as Africa, the Philippines, Colombia, and Honduras.
Military Airlift Command.
Reassigned to Military Airlift Command in December 1974 as part of TAC's turnover of the theater airlift mission to MAC. Inactivated on 31 December 1974 and assigned airlift units turned over to Twenty-First Air Force.
Reactivated in October 1978, it assumed responsibility for managing Military Airlift Command resources in the Pacific. For this mission, the 834th provided a single commander for MAC airlift units in the Pacific theater; command and control of theater-assigned airlift forces for Pacific Air Forces; theater tactical airlift war planning and Pacific exercise planning; and aerial ports in the Pacific area to support the air movement of personnel, cargo, equipment, patients, and mail. The division participated in tactical exercises such as Team Spirit, Ulchi Focus Lens, and Capstan Dragon.
Inactivated in June 1992 as part of the inactivation of Military Airlift Command.
Components.
Center
Wings
Group

</doc>
<doc id="19344076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344076" title="Andre Meier">
Andre Meier

Andre Meier (born 3 March 1965) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1980s and 1990s.
Meier began his career at FC Baden in 1985 before signing for FC Schaffhausen in 1996. He had a short spell at FC Aarau from 1988 until 1989, then returned to Schaffhausen. In 1992, he moved to FC Chiasso then FC Basel in 1993. He returned to Baden in 1996 and retired in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19344081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344081" title="Castleknock GAA">
Castleknock GAA

Castleknock Hurling and Football Club is a Dublin GAA club centred on the village of Carpenterstown in Fingal, Ireland. It serves large parts of the suburban areas of Blanchardstown and Castleknock. The club plays the following Gaelic games at all age levels from nursery to Adult: Hurling, Gaelic football, Camogie and Ladies Football.
Grounds.
The club's main grounds are at the townland of Somerton but it also uses grounds at Porterstown, St.Catherine's Park and Tir na nÓg (beside Castleknock Community College).
References.
"Spectacular 1st Year for New Club", by John Conway and Micheál Maher
“How a club was born” was the title of our article in DUBLIN 1999. It set out the background to the formation of Castleknock Hurling and Football Club in July 1998. Some perhaps thought it might just be a seven day wonder. One year on and the title of this year’s article speaks for itself because the Club has had a truly spectacular first year.

</doc>
<doc id="19344083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344083" title="José María Cirarda Lachiondo">
José María Cirarda Lachiondo

José María Cirarda Lachiondo (May 23, 1917 – September 17, 2008) was a Spanish Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Lachiondo was born in Baquio, Spain and was ordained a priest on July 5, 1942. Lachiondo was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Seville as well as Titular Bishop of Drusiliana on April 9, 1960 and ordained a bishop on June 29, 1960. He was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Santander on July 22, 1968 and then the Diocese of Córdoba in Spain on December 3, 1971. On December 31, 1978 Lachiondo was appointed to the Archdiocese of Pamplona y Tudela and would remain at diocese until retirement March 26, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19344084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344084" title="Italy national speedway team">
Italy national speedway team

The Italy national speedway team are motorcycle speedway national team from Italy. The best achievement of team is 7th place in Speedway World Cup in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19344098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344098" title="Nyree Kindred">
Nyree Kindred

Nyree Elise Kindred MBE (née Lewis; born 21 September 1980 in Rhondda, Wales) is a Welsh swimmer who has competed in the Paralympic Games on four occasions winning ten medals.
Early life.
Kindred took up swimming at the age of 5, having been taken to a swimming pool by her aunt. Kindred has a form of cerebral palsy and therefore competes in the S6 (butterfly, backstroke, freestyle), SM6 (medley) and SB5 (breaststroke) classifications.
Paralympic career.
Kindred's first appearance at a Paralympics came at the 2000 Games in Sydney, where she won 3 medals, 2 silver and a bronze.
At the 2004 Summer Paralympics Kindred won her first Paralympic gold medal in the S6 100 metres backstroke event, in a new Paralympic record time of 1:32.03. She followed this up with another gold in the 4×50 m medley 20 pts relay, silver medals in both the 100 m breaststroke SB5 and 200 m SM6 individual medley, and a bronze in the 400 m freestyle S6.
In the 100 metres S6 backstroke at the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing Kindred was beaten into second place by Dutch swimmer Mirjam de Koning-Peper. Kindred explained her defeat by saying "My legs were spasming, but to be honest, there are no excuses for that, ... I should have gone quicker but it just wasn't there tonight". In addition to this medal winning performance Kindred also reached the finals of the 100 m breaststroke SB5 (finishing 4th), 200 m SM6 individual medley (finishing 6th) and 400 m freestyle S6 (finishing 6th). In April 2012 she qualified for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the S6 100m backstroke. In the final she finished second to collect the silver medal with a time of 1:26.23. 
On top of her success at the Paralympics, Kindred has won seven International Paralympic Committee World Championship medals and seven European Championship medals.
Personal life.
Kindred's husband is fellow British Paralympic gold medal winning swimmer Sascha Kindred. Together the pair, who live in Herefordshire, are known as the "golden couple" of British disability swimming. The couple's first child, Ella, was born in 2011. Kindred was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19344100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344100" title="Ordnance Survey">
Ordnance Survey

Ordnance Survey (OS; often referred to as "the Ordnance Survey") is the national mapping agency for Great Britain and is one of the world's largest producers of maps. It is a non-ministerial government department, executive agency and trading fund of the Government of the United Kingdom, where it falls under the remit of the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills. It is also a member of the Public Data Group.
The agency's name indicates its original military purpose (see ordnance and surveying): mapping Scotland in the wake of the Jacobite rebellion in 1745. There was also a more general and nationwide need in light of the potential threat of invasion during the Napoleonic Wars, reflected in the inclusion of the War Department's broad arrow in the agency's logo.
Ordnance Survey mapping is usually classified as either "large-scale" (in other words, more detailed) or "small-scale". The Survey's large-scale mapping comprises maps at six inches to the mile or more (1:10,560, superseded by 1:10,000 in the 1950s) and was available as sheets until the 1980s, when it was digitised. Small-scale mapping comprises maps at fewer than six inches to the mile, such as the popular one inch to the mile "leisure" maps and their metric successors. These are still available in traditional sheet form.
Ordnance Survey maps remain in copyright for fifty years after their [first?] publication. Some of the Copyright Libraries hold complete or near-complete collections of pre-digital OS mapping.
Origins.
The roots of Ordnance Survey go back to 1747, when Lieutenant-Colonel David Watson proposed the compilation of a map of the Scottish Highlands to facilitate the subjugation of the clans following the Jacobite rebellion in 1745. In response, King George II charged Watson with making a military survey of the Highlands under the command of the Duke of Cumberland. Among Watson's assistants were William Roy, Paul Sandby and John Manson. The survey was produced at a scale of 1 inch to 1000 yards (1:36,000) and included "The Duke of Cumberland's Map" (primarily by Watson and Roy) now held in the British Library.
Roy would go on to have an illustrious career in the Royal Engineers, and he was largely responsible for the British share of the work in determining the relative positions of the French and British royal observatories. This work was the starting point of the Principal Triangulation of Great Britain (1783–1853), and led to the creation of the Ordnance Survey itself. Roy's technical skills and leadership set the high standard for which Ordnance Survey became known. Work was begun in earnest in 1790 under Roy's supervision, when the Board of Ordnance (a predecessor of part of the modern Ministry of Defence) began a national military survey starting with the south coast of England.
By 1791, the Board received the newer Ramsden theodolite (an improved successor to the one that Roy had used in 1784), and work began on mapping southern Great Britain using 5-mile baseline on Hounslow Heath that Roy himself had previously measured and that crosses the present Heathrow Airport. A set of postage stamps, featuring maps of the Kentish village of Hamstreet, was issued in 1991 to mark the bicentenary.
In 1801, the first one-inch-to-the-mile (1:63,360 scale) map was published, detailing the county of Kent, with Essex following shortly after. The Kent map was published privately and stopped at the county border while the Essex maps were published by Ordnance Survey and ignore the county border, setting the trend for future Ordnance Survey maps.
During the next twenty years, roughly a third of England and Wales was mapped at the same scale (see Principal Triangulation of Great Britain) under the direction of William Mudge, as other military matters took precedence. It took until 1823 to re-establish a relationship with the French survey made by Roy in 1787. By 1810, one inch to the mile maps of most of the south of England were completed, but were withdrawn from sale between 1811 and 1816 because of security fears. It was gruelling work: Major Thomas Colby, later the longest serving Director General of Ordnance Survey, walked in 22 days on a reconnaissance in 1819. In 1824, Colby and most of his staff moved to Ireland to work on a six-inches-to-the-mile (1:10,560) valuation survey. The survey of Ireland, county by county, was completed in 1846. The suspicions and tensions it caused in rural Ireland are the subject of Brian Friel's play "Translations".
Colby was not only involved in the design of specialist measuring equipment. He also established a systematic collection of place names, and reorganised the map-making process to produce clear, accurate plans. Place names were recorded in "Name Books", a system first used in Ireland. The instructions for their use were: ""The persons employed on the survey are to endeavour to obtain the correct orthography of the names of places by diligently consulting the best authorities within their reach. The name of each place is to be inserted as it is commonly spelt, in the first column of the name book and the various modes of spelling it used in books, writings &c. are to be inserted in the second column, with the authority placed in the third column opposite to each"." Whilst these procedures generally produced excellent results, mistakes were made: for instance, the Pilgrims Way in the North Downs labeled the wrong route, but the name stuck. Similarly, the spelling of Scafell and Scafell Pike copied an error on an earlier map, and was retained as this was the name of a corner of one of the Principal Triangles, despite "Scawfell" being the almost universal form at the time.
Colby believed in leading from the front, travelling with his men, helping to build camps and, as each survey session drew to a close, arranging mountain-top parties with enormous plum puddings.
The British Geological Survey was founded in 1835 as the Ordnance Geological Survey, under Henry De la Beche and remained a branch of the Ordnance Survey until 1965. At the same time the uneven quality of the English and Scottish maps was being improved by engravers under Benjamin Baker. By the time Colby retired in 1846, the production of six-inch maps of Ireland was complete. This had led to a demand for similar treatment in England and work was proceeding on extending the six-inch map to northern England, but only a three-inch scale for most of Scotland.
When Colby retired he recommended William Yolland as his successor, but he was considered too young and a less experienced Lewis Hall was appointed instead. When after a fire in the Tower of London, the headquarters of the survey was moved to Southampton, Yolland was put in charge, but Hall sent him off to Ireland so that he was again passed over when Hall left in 1854 in favour of Major Henry James. Hall was enthusiastic about extending the survey of the north of England to a scale of 1:2,500. In 1855, the Board of Ordnance was abolished and the Ordnance Survey was placed under the War Office together with the Topographical Survey and the Depot of Military Knowledge. Eventually in 1870 it was transferred to the Office of Works.
The primary triangulation of the United Kingdom of Roy, Mudge and Yolland was completed by 1841, but was greatly improved by Alexander Ross Clarke who completed a new survey based on Airy's spheroid in 1858, completing the Principal Triangulation. The following year, he completed an initial levelling of the country.
Publication of the one-inch to the mile series for Great Britain was completed in 1891.
Great Britain "County Series".
After the first Ireland maps were published in the mid-1830s, the Tithe Commutation Act 1836 led to calls for a similar six-inch to the mile survey in England and Wales. Official procrastination followed, but the development of the railways added to pressure that resulted in the Ordnance Survey Act 1841. This granted a right to enter property for the purpose of the survey. Following a fire at its headquarters at the Tower of London in 1841 the Ordnance Survey relocated to a site in Southampton and was in disarray for several years, with arguments about which scales to use. Major-General Sir Henry James was by then Director General, and he saw how photography could be used to make maps of various scales cheaply and easily. He developed and exploited photozincography, not only to reduce the costs of map production but also to publish facsimiles of nationally important manuscripts. Between 1861 and 1864, a facsimile of the Domesday Book was issued, county by county; and a facsimile of the Gough Map was issued in 1870.
From the 1840s, the Ordnance Survey concentrated on the Great Britain "County Series", modelled on the earlier Ireland survey. A start was made on mapping the whole country, county by county, at six inches to the mile (1:10,560). From 1854, to meet requirements for greater detail, including land-parcel numbers in rural areas and accompanying information, cultivated and inhabited areas were mapped at 1:2500 (25.344 inches to the mile), at first parish by parish, with blank space beyond the parish boundary, and later continuously. Early copies of the 1:2500s were available hand-coloured. Up to 1879, the 1:2500s were accompanied by Books of Reference or "area books" that gave acreages and land-use information for land-parcel numbers. After 1879, land-use information was dropped from these area books; after the mid-1880s, the books themselves were dropped and acreages were printed instead on the maps. After 1854, the six-inch maps and their revisions were based on the "twenty-five inch" maps and theirs. The six-inch sheets covered an area of six by four miles on the ground; the "twenty-five inch" sheets an area of one by one and a half. One square inch on the "twenty-five inch" maps was roughly equal to an acre on the ground. In later editions the six-inch sheets were published in "quarters" (NW,NE,SW,SE), each covering an area of three by two miles on the ground. The first edition of the two scales was completed by the 1890s. A second edition (or "first revision") was begun in 1891 and completed just before the First World War. From 1907 till the early 1940s, a third edition (or "second revision") was begun but never completed: only areas with significant changes on the ground were revised, many two or three times.
Meanwhile funding had been agreed in the 1850s for a more detailed survey of towns and cities. From 1850–53, twenty-nine towns were mapped at 1:528 (10 feet to the mile). From 1855 1:500 (10.56 feet to the mile) became the preferred scale. London and some seventy other towns (mainly in the north) were already being mapped at 1:1056 (5 feet to the mile). Just under 400 towns with a population of over 4000 were surveyed at one of these three scales, most at 1:500. Publication of the town plans was completed by 1895. The London first edition was completed and published in 326 sheets in the 1860s–70s; a second edition of 759 sheets was completed and brought out in the early 1890s; further revisions (incomplete coverage of London) followed between 1906 and 1937. Very few other towns and cities saw a second edition of the town plans.
From 1911 onwardsand mainly between 1911 and 1913the Ordnance Survey photo-enlarged many 1:2500 sheets covering built-up areas to 1:1250 (50.688 inches to the mile) for Land Valuation and Inland Revenue purposes. About a quarter of these 1:1250s were marked "Partially revised 1912/13". In areas where there were no further 1:2500s, these partially revised "fifty inch" sheets represent the last large-scale revision (larger than six-inch) of the County Series. The County Series mapping was superseded by the Ordnance Survey National Grid 1:1250s, 1:2500s and 1:10,560s after the Second World War.
From the late 19th century to the early 1940s, the OS produced many "restricted" versions of the County Series maps and other War Department sheets for War Office purposes, in a variety of large scales that included details of military significance such as dockyards, naval installations, fortifications and military camps. Apart from a brief period during the disarmament talks of the 1930s, these areas were left blank or incomplete on standard maps. The War Department 1:2500s, unlike the standard issue, were contoured. The de-classified sheets have now been deposited in some of the Copyright Libraries, helping to complete the map-picture of pre-Second World War Britain.
20th century.
During the World War I, Ordnance Survey was involved in preparing maps of France and Belgium. During World War II, many more maps were created, including:
After the war, Colonel Charles Close, then Director General, developed a strategy using covers designed by Ellis Martin to increase sales in the leisure market. In 1920, O. G. S. Crawford was appointed Archaeology Officer and played a prominent role in developing the use of aerial photography to deepen understanding of archaeology.
In 1935, the Davidson Committee was established to review Ordnance Survey's future. The new Director General, Major-General Malcolm MacLeod, started the retriangulation of Great Britain, an immense task involving the erection of concrete triangulation pillars ("trig points") on prominent hilltops as infallible positions for theodolites. Each measurement made by theodolite during the retriangulation was repeated no fewer than 32 times.
The Davidson Committee's final report set Ordnance Survey on course for the twentieth century. The metric national grid reference system was launched and 1:25000-scale series of maps was introduced. The one-inch maps continued to be produced until the 1970s, when they were superseded by the 1:50000-scale seriesas proposed by William Roy more than two centuries earlier.
Ordnance Survey had outgrown its site in the centre of Southampton (made worse by the bomb damage of the Second World War). The bombing during the Blitz devastated Southampton in November 1940 and destroyed most of Ordnance Survey's city centre offices. Staff were dispersed to other buildings and to temporary accommodation at Chessington and Esher, Surrey, where they produced 1:25000 scale maps of France, Italy, Germany and most of the rest of Europe in preparation for its invasion. Until 1969, Ordnance Survey largely remained at its Southampton city centre HQ and at temporary buildings in the suburb of Maybush nearby, when a new purpose-built headquarters was opened in Maybush adjacent to the wartime temporary buildings there. Some of the remaining buildings of the original Southampton city-centre site are now used as part of the city's court complex.
The then-new head office building was designed by the Ministry of Public Buildings and Works for 4000 staff, including many new recruits that were taken on in the late 1960s and early 70s as draughtsmen and surveyors. The buildings originally contained factory-floor space for photographic processes such as heliozincography and map printing, as well as large buildings for storing flat maps. Above the industrial areas are extensive office areas. The complex is notable for its concrete mural by sculptor Keith McCarter and the concrete elliptical paraboloid shell roof over the staff restaurant building.
In 1995, Ordnance Survey digitised the last of about 230,000 maps, making the United Kingdom the first country in the world to complete a programme of large-scale electronic mapping. In 1999, the agency was designated a Trading Fund, required to cover its costs by charging for its products and remit a proportion of its profits to the Treasury. Officially, it is now a civilian organisation with executive agency status.
By the late 1990s, the need for vast areas for storing maps and for making printing plates by hand had been made obsolete by technological developments. Although there was a small computer section at Ordnance Survey in the 1960s, the digitising programme had replaced the need for printing large-scale maps, while computer-to-plate technology (in the form of a single machine) had also rendered the photographic platemaking areas obsolete. Part of the latter was converted into a new conference centre in 2000, which was used for both internal events and made available for external organisations to hire.
In summer 2010, the announcement was made that printing and warehouse operations were to be outsourced, ending over 200 years of in-house printing. As already stated, large-scale maps had not been printed at Ordnance Survey since the common availability of geographical information systems (GISs), but, until late 2010, the "OS Explorer" and "OS Landranger" series were printed in Maybush.
In April 2009 construction began on a new head office located at Adanac Park on the outskirts of Southampton.
As of 10 February 2011, virtually all staff had relocated to the new "Explorer House" building and the old site had been sold off and redeveloped. Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, officially opened the new headquarters building on 4 October 2011.
GB map range.
Ordnance Survey produces a large variety of paper maps and digital mapping products.
Business mapping.
Ordnance Survey produces a wide variety of different products aimed at business users, such as utility companies and local authorities. The data is supplied by Ordnance Survey on optical media or increasingly, via the Internet. Products can be downloaded via FTP or accessed 'on demand' via a web browser. Organisations using Ordnance Survey data have to purchase a licence to do so. Some of the main products are:
Leisure maps.
OS's range of leisure maps are published in a variety of scales:
Until 2010, OS also produced the following:
These, along with fifteen "Tour" maps, were discontinued during January 2010 as part of a drive for cost-efficiency.
Custom products.
Ordnance Survey also offers "OS Custom Made", a print-on-demand service based on digital raster data that allows a customer to specify the area of the map or maps desired. Two scales are offered1:50,000 (equivalent to 40 km by 40 km) or 1:25,000 (20 km by 20 km)and the maps may be produced either folded or flat for framing or wall mounting. Customers may provide their own titles and cover images for folded maps. 
Ordnance Survey also produces more detailed custom mapping to order, at 1:10,000 ("Landplan") and at 1:1,250 or 1:500 ("Siteplan"), from its large-scale digital data. Custom scales may also be produced from the enlargement or reduction of the existing scales.
Educational mapping.
Ordnance Survey supplies reproductions of its maps from the early 1970s to the 1990s for educational use. These are widely seen in schools both in Britain and in former British colonies, either as stand-alone geographic aids or as part of geography textbooks or workbooks.
During the 2000s, in an attempt to increase schoolchildren's awareness of maps, Ordnance Survey offered a free "OS Explorer Map" to every 11 year-old in UK primary education. By the end of 2010, when the scheme closed, over 6 million maps had been given away. The scheme was replaced by free access to the Digimap for Schools service provided by EDINA for eligible schools.
With the trend away from paper products towards geographical information systems (GISs), Ordnance Survey has been looking into ways of ensuring schoolchildren are made aware of the benefits of GISs and has launched "MapZone", an interactive child-orientated website featuring learning resources and map-related games. 
Ordnance Survey publishes a quarterly journal, principally for geography teachers, called "Mapping News".
Derivative and licensed products.
One series of historic maps, published by Cassini Publishing Ltd, is a reprint of the Ordnance Survey first series from the mid-19th century but using the "OS Landranger" projection at 1:50,000 and given 1 km gridlines. This means that features from over 150 years ago fit almost exactly over their modern equivalents and modern grid references can be given to old features.
The digitisation of the data has allowed Ordnance Survey to experiment with selling maps electronically. Several companies are now licensed to produce the popular scales (1:50,000 and 1:25,000) of map on CD/DVD or to make them available online for download. The buyer typically has the right to view the maps on a PC, a laptop and a pocket PC/smartphone, and to print off any number of copies. The accompanying software is GPS-aware, and the maps are ready-calibrated. Thus, the user can quickly transfer a desired area from their PC to their laptop or smartphone, and go for a drive or walk with their position continually pinpointed on the screen. The price for an individual map is more expensive than the equivalent paper version, but the price per square km falls rapidly with the size of coverage bought.
Cartography.
The Ordnance Survey's original maps were made by triangulation. For the second survey, in 1934, this process was used again and resulted in the building of many triangulation pillars (trig points): short (approx. 4 feet/1.2 m high), usually square, concrete or stone pillars at prominent locations such as hill tops. Their precise locations were determined by triangulation, and the details in between were then filled in with less precise methods.
Modern Ordnance Survey maps are largely based on aerial photographs, but large numbers of the pillars remain, many of them adopted by private land owners. Ordnance Survey still has a team of surveyors across Great Britain who visit in person and survey areas that cannot be surveyed using photogrammetric methods (such as land obscured by vegetation) and there is an aim of ensuring that any major feature (such as a new motorway or large housing development) is surveyed within six months of its construction. While original survey methods were largely manual, the current surveying task is simplified by the use of GPS technology, allowing the most precise surveying standards yet. Ordnance Survey is responsible for a UK-wide network of GPS stations known as "OS Net". These are used for surveying and other organisations can purchase the right to utilise the network for their own uses.
Ordnance Survey still maintains a set of master geodetic reference points to tie the Ordnance Survey geographic datum points to modern measurement systems such as GPS. Ordnance Survey maps of Great Britain use the Ordnance Survey National Grid rather than latitude and longitude to indicate position. The Grid is known technically as OSGB36 (Ordnance Survey Great Britain 1936) and was introduced after the 1936–53 retriangulation.
Whereas cartography is the art and science of mapmaking, cartographic design concerns the map user. It governs the design of a map and it is the cartography that ensures the intended message is delivered both efficiently and aesthetically.
Ordnance Survey's CartoDesign team performs a key role in the organisation, as the authority for cartographic design and development, and engages with internal and external audiences to promote and communicate the value of cartography. They work on a broad range of projects and are responsible for styling all new products and services. 
"OS MasterMap".
Ordnance Survey's flagship digital product, launched in November 2001, is "OS MasterMap", a database that records, in one continuous digital map, every fixed feature of Great Britain larger than a few metres. Every feature is given a unique TOID (TOpographical IDentifier), a simple identifier that includes no semantic information. Typically, each TOID is associated with a polygon that represents the area on the ground that the feature covers, in National Grid coordinates.
"OS MasterMap" layers.
OS MasterMap is offered in themed layers, each linked to a number of TOIDs. As of September 2010, the layers are:
Pricing of licenses to "OS MasterMap" data depends on the total area requested, the layers licensed, the number of TOIDs in the layers, and the period in years of the data usage. "OS MasterMap" can be used to generate maps for a vast array of purposes and maps can be printed from "OS MasterMap" data with detail equivalent to a traditional 1:1250 scale paper map.
Ordnance Survey states that thanks to continuous review, "OS MasterMap" data is never more than six months out of date. The scale and detail of this mapping project is unique. By 2009, around 440 million TOIDs had been assigned, and the database stood at 600 gigabytes in size. Currently (March 2011), OS claims 450 million TOIDs. As of 2005, "OS MasterMap" was at version 6; 2010's version 8 includes provision for Urban Paths (an extension of the "integrated transport network" layer) and pre-build address layer. All these versions have a similar GML 2 schema.
Ordnance Survey is encouraging users of its old "OS Land-Line" data, a first-generation product consisting of tiles of map data, to migrate to "OS MasterMap". In June 2007, it announced its notice of "Land-Line"'s withdrawal as of 30 September 2008.
Geographical information science research.
For several decades, Ordnance Survey has had a research department that is active in several areas of geographical information science, including:
Ordnance Survey actively supports the academic research community through its external research and university liaison team. The research department actively supports MSc and PhD students as well as engaging in collaborative research. Most Ordnance Survey products are available to UK universities that have signed up to the Digimap agreement and data is also made available for research purposes that advances Ordnance Survey's own research agenda.
More information can be found at Ordnance Survey Research.
Data access and criticisms.
Ordnance Survey has been subject to criticism. Most centres on the point that Ordnance Survey possesses a virtual government monopoly on geographic data in the UK, but, although a government agency, it has been required to act as a Trading Fund (i.e. a commercial entity) since 1999. This means that it is supposed to be entirely self-funded from the commercial sale of its data and derived products whilst at the same time the public supplier of geographical information. In 1985, the Committee of Enquiry into the Handling of Geographic Information was set up to "advise the Secretary of State for the Environment within two years on the future handling of geographic information in the UK, taking account of modern developments in information technology and market needs". The Committee's final report, published in 1987 under the name of its chairman Roger Chorley, stressed the importance of accessible geographic information to the UK and recommended a loosening of policies on distribution and cost recovery.
Since August 2007, Ordnance Survey has contracted the political lobbying company Mandate Communications to help campaign against the free data movement and discover which politicians and advisers continue to support their current policies.
"OS OpenData".
In response to the feedback from the consultation, the government announced that a package of Ordnance Survey data sets would be released for free use and re-use. On 1 April 2010, Ordnance Survey released the brand "OS OpenData" under an attribution-only license compatible with CC-by. Various groups and individuals had campaigned for this release of data, but some were disappointed when some of the profitable datasets were not included. These were withheld with the counter-argument that if licensees do not pay for OS data collection then the government would have to be willing to foot a £30 million bill per annum to obtain the future economic benefit of sharing the mapping.
In mid-2013, Ordnance Survey described an "enhanced" linked-data service with a SPARQL 1.1-compliant endpoint and bulk-download options.
Historical material.
Ordnance Survey historical works are generally available, as the agency is covered by Crown Copyright: works more than fifty years old, including historic surveys of Britain and Ireland and much of the New Popular Edition, are in the public domain. However, finding suitable originals remains an issue as Ordnance Survey does not provide historical mapping on 'free' terms, instead marketing commercially 'enhanced' reproductions in partnership with Landmark. This can be contrasted with, for example, the approach in the Republic of Ireland in more recent times, where Ordnance Survey Ireland claims regular copyright over its mapping (and over digital copies of the public domain historical mapping).

</doc>
<doc id="19344107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344107" title="Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1968 Summer Olympics program. In the official report, heat times were shown in tenths of a second (0.1) while semifinal and final times were shown in hundredths of a second (0.01).
Medalists.
Rosznyói is shown by her married name Sági in the official report.
Results.
Heats.
The 11 crews first raced in two heats on 20 October. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final; the remaining five teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on October 24) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on October 25. 

</doc>
<doc id="19344117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344117" title="Alps–Mediterranean Euroregion">
Alps–Mediterranean Euroregion

The Alps–Mediterranean Euroregion (transnational co-operation structure) was created the 10th July 2007 between three Italian regions (Piedmont, Liguria and Aosta Valley) and two French regions (Rhône-Alpes and Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur). It has area of about 110,460 km2 and more than 17 million inhabitants. The largest Italian cities are Turin and Genoa and the largest French cities are Lyon and Marseille.

</doc>
<doc id="19344125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344125" title="Riemann hypothesis">
Riemann hypothesis

In mathematics, the Riemann hypothesis, proposed by , is a conjecture that the nontrivial zeros of the Riemann zeta function all have real part 1/2. The name is also used for some closely related analogues, such as the Riemann hypothesis for curves over finite fields.
The Riemann hypothesis implies results about the distribution of prime numbers. Along with suitable generalizations, it is considered by some mathematicians to be the most important unresolved problem in pure mathematics . The Riemann hypothesis, along with the Goldbach conjecture, is part of Hilbert's eighth problem in David Hilbert's list of 23 unsolved problems; it is also one of the Clay Mathematics Institute Millennium Prize Problems.
The Riemann zeta function ζ("s") is a function whose argument "s" may be any complex number other than 1, and whose values are also complex. It has zeros at the negative even integers; that is, ζ("s") = 0 when "s" is one of −2, −4, −6, ... These are called its trivial zeros. However, the negative even integers are not the only values for which the zeta function is zero; the other ones are called non-trivial zeros. The Riemann hypothesis is concerned with the locations of these non-trivial zeros, and states that:
Thus the non-trivial zeros should lie on the critical line consisting of the complex numbers where "t" is a real number and "i" is the imaginary unit.
There are several nontechnical books on the Riemann hypothesis, such as , , ,
. The books , and give mathematical introductions, while
, and are advanced monographs.
Riemann zeta function.
The Riemann zeta function is defined for complex "s" with real part greater than 1 by the absolutely convergent infinite series
Leonhard Euler showed that this series equals the Euler product
where the infinite product extends over all prime numbers "p", and again converges for complex "s" with real part greater than 1. The convergence of the Euler product shows that ζ("s") has no zeros in this region, as none of the factors have zeros.
The Riemann hypothesis discusses zeros outside the region of convergence of this series, so it needs to be analytically continued to all complex "s". This can be done by expressing it in terms of the Dirichlet eta function as follows. If the real part of "s" is greater than one, then the zeta function satisfies
However, the series on the right converges not just when "s" is greater than one, but more generally whenever "s" has positive real part. Thus, this alternative series extends the zeta function from to the larger domain , excluding the zeros formula_4 of formula_5 (see Dirichlet eta function). The zeta function can be extended to these values, as well, by taking limits, giving a finite value for all values of "s" with positive real part except for a simple pole at "s" = 1.
In the strip the zeta function satisfies the functional equation
One may then define ζ("s") for all remaining nonzero complex numbers "s" by assuming that this equation holds outside the strip as well, and letting ζ("s") equal the right-hand side of the equation whenever "s" has non-positive real part. If "s" is a negative even integer then ζ("s") = 0 because the factor sin(π"s"/2) vanishes; these are the trivial zeros of the zeta function. (If "s" is a positive even integer this argument does not apply because the zeros of sin are cancelled by the poles of the gamma function as it takes negative integer arguments.) The value ζ(0) = −1/2 is not determined by the functional equation, but is the limiting value of ζ("s") as "s" approaches zero. The functional equation also implies that the zeta function has no zeros with negative real part other than the trivial zeros, so all non-trivial zeros lie in the critical strip where "s" has real part between 0 and 1.
History.
In his 1859 paper "On the Number of Primes Less Than a Given Magnitude" Riemann found an explicit formula for the number of primes π("x") less than a given number "x". His formula was given in terms of the related function
which counts the primes and prime powers up to "x", counting a prime power "p""n" as 1/"n" of a prime. The number of primes can be recovered from this function by
where μ is the Möbius function. Riemann's formula is then
where the sum is over the nontrivial zeros of the zeta function and where Π0 is a slightly modified version of Π that replaces its value at its points of discontinuity by the average of its upper and lower limits:
The summation in Riemann's formula is not absolutely convergent, but may be evaluated by taking the zeros ρ in order of the absolute value of their imaginary part. The function Li occurring in the first term is the (unoffset) logarithmic integral function given by the Cauchy principal value of the divergent integral
The terms Li("x"ρ) involving the zeros of the zeta function need some care in their definition as Li has branch points at 0 and 1, and are defined (for "x" > 1) by analytic continuation in the complex variable ρ in the region Re(ρ) > 0, i.e. they should be considered as Ei(ρ ln x). The other terms also correspond to zeros: the dominant term Li("x") comes from the pole at "s" = 1, considered as a zero of multiplicity −1, and the remaining small terms come from the trivial zeros. For some graphs of the sums of the first few terms of this series see or .
This formula says that the zeros of the Riemann zeta function control the oscillations of primes around their "expected" positions. Riemann knew that the non-trivial zeros of the zeta function were symmetrically distributed about the line and he knew that all of its non-trivial zeros must lie in the range He checked that a few of the zeros lay on the critical line with real part 1/2 and suggested that they all do; this is the Riemann hypothesis.
Consequences of the Riemann hypothesis.
The practical uses of the Riemann hypothesis include many propositions which are known to be true under the Riemann hypothesis, and some which can be shown to be equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis.
Distribution of prime numbers.
Riemann's explicit formula for the number of primes less than a given number in terms of a sum over the zeros of the Riemann zeta function says that the magnitude of the oscillations of primes around their expected position is controlled by the real parts of the zeros of the zeta function. In particular the error term in the prime number theorem is closely related to the position of the zeros: for example, the supremum of real parts of the zeros is the infimum of numbers β such that the error is O("x"β).
Von Koch (1901) proved that the Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to the "best possible" bound for the error of the prime number theorem.
A precise version of Koch's result, due to , says that the Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to
where "ψ"("x") is Chebyshev's second function.
Growth of arithmetic functions.
The Riemann hypothesis implies strong bounds on the growth of many other arithmetic functions, in addition to the primes counting function above.
One example involves the Möbius function μ. The statement that the equation
is valid for every "s" with real part greater than 1/2, with the sum on the right hand side converging, is equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis. From this we can also conclude that if the Mertens function is defined by
then the claim that
for every positive ε is equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis . (For the meaning of these symbols, see Big O notation.) The determinant of the order "n" Redheffer matrix is equal to "M"("n"), so the Riemann hypothesis can also be stated as a condition on the growth of these determinants. The Riemann hypothesis puts a rather tight bound on the growth of "M", since disproved the slightly stronger Mertens conjecture
The Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to many other conjectures about the rate of growth of other arithmetic functions aside from μ("n"). A typical example is Robin's theorem , which states that if σ("n") is the divisor function, given by
then
for all "n" > 5040 if and only if the Riemann hypothesis is true, where γ is the Euler–Mascheroni constant.
Another example was found by Jérôme Franel, and extended by Landau (see ). The Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to several statements showing that the terms of the Farey sequence are fairly regular. One such equivalence is as follows: if "F""n" is the Farey sequence of order "n", beginning with 1/"n" and up to 1/1, then the claim that for all ε > 0
is equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis. Here 
is the number of terms in the Farey sequence of order "n".
For an example from group theory, if "g"("n") is Landau's function given by the maximal order of elements of the symmetric group "S""n" of degree "n", then showed that the Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to the bound
for all sufficiently large "n".
Lindelöf hypothesis and growth of the zeta function.
The Riemann hypothesis has various weaker consequences as well; one is the Lindelöf hypothesis on the rate of growth of the zeta function on the critical line, which says that, for any "ε" > 0,
as "t" → ∞.
The Riemann hypothesis also implies quite sharp bounds for the growth rate of the zeta function in other regions of the critical strip. For example, it implies that
so the growth rate of ζ(1+"it") and its inverse would be known up to a factor of 2 .
Large prime gap conjecture.
The prime number theorem implies that on average, the gap between the prime "p" and its successor is log "p". However, some gaps between primes may be much larger than the average. Cramér proved that, assuming the Riemann hypothesis, every gap is "O"(√"p" log "p"). This is a case in which even the best bound that can be proved using the Riemann Hypothesis is far weaker than what seems to be true: Cramér's conjecture implies that every gap is "O"((log "p")2) which, while larger than the average gap, is far smaller than the bound implied by the Riemann hypothesis. Numerical evidence supports Cramér's conjecture .
Criteria equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis.
Many statements equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis have been found, though so far none of them have led to much progress in proving (or disproving) it. Some typical examples are as follows. (Others involve the divisor function σ("n").)
The Riesz criterion was given by , to the effect that the bound
holds for all ε > 0 if and only if the Riemann hypothesis holds.
where ρ("z") is the fractional part of "z", , and
is dense in the Hilbert space "L"2(0,1) of square-integrable functions on the unit interval. extended this by showing that the zeta function has no zeros with real part greater than 1/"p" if and only if this function space is dense in "Lp"(0,1)
has no non-trivial bounded solutions formula_30 for formula_31.
Weil's criterion is the statement that the positivity of a certain function is equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis. Related is Li's criterion, a statement that the positivity of a certain sequence of numbers is equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis.
That ζ has only simple zeros on the critical line is equivalent (by definition) to its derivative having no zeros on the critical line.
Consequences of the generalized Riemann hypothesis.
Several applications use the generalized Riemann hypothesis for Dirichlet L-series or zeta functions of number fields rather than just the Riemann hypothesis. Many basic properties of the Riemann zeta function can easily be generalized to all Dirichlet L-series, so it is plausible that a method that proves the Riemann hypothesis for the Riemann zeta function would also work for the generalized Riemann hypothesis for Dirichlet L-functions. Several results first proved using the generalized Riemann hypothesis were later given unconditional proofs without using it, though these were usually much harder. Many of the consequences on the following list are taken from .
Excluded middle.
Some consequences of the RH are also consequences of its negation, and are thus theorems. In their discussion of the Hecke, Deuring, Mordell, Heilbronn theorem, say
The method of proof here is truly amazing. If the generalized Riemann hypothesis is true, then the theorem is true. If the generalized Riemann hypothesis is false, then the theorem is true. Thus, the theorem is true!!     (punctuation in original)
Care should be taken to understand what is meant by saying the generalized Riemann hypothesis is false: exactly which class of Dirichlet series is supposed to have a counterexample should be clearly indicated to avoid confusion.
Littlewood's theorem.
This concerns the sign of the error in the prime number theorem.
It has been computed that π("x") < Li("x") for all "x" ≤ 1023, and no value of "x" is known for which π("x") > Li("x"). See this table.
In 1914 Littlewood proved that there are arbitrarily large values of "x" for which
and that there are also arbitrarily large values of "x" for which
Thus the difference π("x") − Li("x") changes sign infinitely many times. Skewes' number is an estimate of the value of "x" corresponding to the first sign change.
Littlewood's proof is divided into two cases: the RH is assumed to be false (about half a page of ), and the RH is assumed to be true (about a dozen pages).
Gauss's class number conjecture.
This is the conjecture (first stated in article 303 of Gauss's Disquisitiones Arithmeticae) that there are only a finite number of imaginary quadratic fields with a given class number. One way to prove it would be to show that as the discriminant "D" → −∞ the class number "h"("D") → ∞. 
The following sequence of theorems involving the Riemann hypothesis is described in :
Theorem (Hecke; 1918). Let "D" < 0 be the discriminant of an imaginary quadratic number field "K". Assume the generalized Riemann hypothesis for "L"-functions of all imaginary quadratic Dirichlet characters. Then there is an absolute constant "C" such that
Theorem (Deuring; 1933). If the RH is false then "h"("D") > 1 if |"D"| is sufficiently large.
Theorem (Mordell; 1934). If the RH is false then "h"("D") → ∞ as "D" → −∞.
Theorem (Heilbronn; 1934). If the generalized RH is false for the "L"-function of some imaginary quadratic Dirichlet character then "h"("D") → ∞ as "D" → −∞.
(In the work of Hecke and Heilbronn, the only "L"-functions that occur are those attached to imaginary quadratic characters, and it is only for those "L"-functions that "GRH is true" or "GRH is false" is intended; a failure of GRH for the "L"-function of a cubic Dirichlet character would, strictly speaking, mean GRH is false, but that was not the kind of failure of GRH that Heilbronn had in mind, so his assumption was more restricted than simply "GRH is false".) 
In 1935, Carl Siegel later strengthened the result without using RH or GRH in any way.
Growth of Euler's totient.
In 1983 J. L. Nicolas proved that
for infinitely many "n", where φ("n") is Euler's totient function and γ is Euler's constant.
Ribenboim remarks that:
The method of proof is interesting, in that the inequality is shown first under the assumption that the Riemann hypothesis is true, secondly under the contrary assumption.
Generalizations and analogs of the Riemann hypothesis.
Dirichlet L-series and other number fields.
The Riemann hypothesis can be generalized by replacing the Riemann zeta function by the formally similar, but much more general, global L-functions. In this broader setting, one expects the non-trivial zeros of the global "L"-functions to have real part 1/2. It is these conjectures, rather than the classical Riemann hypothesis only for the single Riemann zeta function, which account for the true importance of the Riemann hypothesis in mathematics.
The generalized Riemann hypothesis extends the Riemann hypothesis to all Dirichlet L-functions. In particular it implies the conjecture that Siegel zeros (zeros of "L"-functions between 1/2 and 1) do not exist.
The extended Riemann hypothesis extends the Riemann hypothesis to all Dedekind zeta functions of algebraic number fields. The extended Riemann hypothesis for abelian extension of the rationals is equivalent to the generalized Riemann hypothesis. The Riemann hypothesis can also be extended to the "L"-functions of Hecke characters of number fields.
The grand Riemann hypothesis extends it to all automorphic zeta functions, such as Mellin transforms of Hecke eigenforms.
Function fields and zeta functions of varieties over finite fields.
is actually an instance of the Riemann hypothesis in the function field setting. This led to conjecture a similar statement for all algebraic varieties; the resulting Weil conjectures were proven by .
Arithmetic zeta functions of arithmetic schemes and their L-factors.
Arithmetic zeta functions generalise the Riemann and Dedekind zeta functions as well as the zeta functions of varieties over finite fields to every arithmetic scheme or a scheme of finite type over integers. The arithmetic zeta function of a regular connected equidimensional arithmetic scheme of Kronecker dimension "n" can be factorized into the product of appropriately defined L-factors and an auxiliary factor . Assuming a functional equation and meromorphic continuation, the generalized Riemann hypothesis for the L-factor states that its zeros inside the critical strip formula_40 lie on the central line. Correspondingly, the generalized Riemann hypothesis for the arithmetic zeta function of a regular connected equidimensional arithmetic scheme states that its zeros inside the critical strip lie on vertical lines formula_41 and its poles inside the critical strip lie on vertical lines formula_42. This is known for schemes in positive characteristic and follows from , but remains entirely unknown in characteristic zero.
Ihara zeta functions.
The Ihara zeta function of a finite graph is an analogue of the Selberg zeta function introduced by Yasutaka Ihara. A regular finite graph is a Ramanujan graph, a mathematical model of efficient communication networks, if and only if its Ihara zeta function satisfies the analogue of the Riemann hypothesis as was pointed out by T. Sunada.
Montgomery's pair correlation conjecture.
Montgomery showed that (assuming the Riemann hypothesis) at least 2/3 of all zeros are simple, and a related conjecture is that all zeros of the zeta function are simple (or more generally have no non-trivial integer linear relations between their imaginary parts). Dedekind zeta functions of algebraic number fields, which generalize the Riemann zeta function, often do have multiple complex zeros. This is because the Dedekind zeta functions factorize as a product of powers of Artin L-functions, so zeros of Artin L-functions sometimes give rise to multiple zeros of Dedekind zeta functions. Other examples of zeta functions with multiple zeros are the L-functions of some elliptic curves: these can have multiple zeros at the real point of their critical line; the Birch-Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture predicts that the multiplicity of this zero is the rank of the elliptic curve.
Other zeta functions.
There are many other examples of zeta functions with analogues of the Riemann hypothesis, some of which have been proved. Goss zeta functions of function fields have a Riemann hypothesis, proved by . The main conjecture of Iwasawa theory, proved by Barry Mazur and Andrew Wiles for cyclotomic fields, and Wiles for totally real fields, identifies the zeros of a "p"-adic "L"-function with the eigenvalues of an operator, so can be thought of as an analogue of the Hilbert–Pólya conjecture for "p"-adic "L"-functions .
Attempts to prove the Riemann hypothesis.
Several mathematicians have addressed the Riemann hypothesis, but none of their attempts have yet been accepted as correct solutions. lists some incorrect solutions, and more are frequently announced.
Operator theory.
Hilbert and Polya suggested that one way to derive the Riemann hypothesis would be to find a self-adjoint operator, from the existence of which the statement on the real parts of the zeros of ζ("s") would follow when one applies the criterion on real eigenvalues. Some support for this idea comes from several analogues of the Riemann zeta functions whose zeros correspond to eigenvalues of some operator: the zeros of a zeta function of a variety over a finite field correspond to eigenvalues of a Frobenius element on an étale cohomology group, the zeros of a Selberg zeta function are eigenvalues of a Laplacian operator of a Riemann surface, and the zeros of a p-adic zeta function correspond to eigenvectors of a Galois action on ideal class groups.
In 1999, Michael Berry and Jon Keating conjectured that there is some unknown quantization formula_43 of the classical Hamiltonian "H" = "xp" so that
and even more strongly, that the Riemann zeros coincide with the spectrum of the operator formula_45. This is to be contrasted to canonical quantization which leads to the Heisenberg uncertainty principle formula_46 and the natural numbers as spectrum of the quantum harmonic oscillator. The crucial point is that the Hamiltonian should be a self-adjoint operator so that the quantization would be a realization of the Hilbert–Pólya program. In a connection with this quantum mechanical problem Berry and Connes had proposed that the inverse of the potential of the Hamiltonian is connected to the half-derivative of the function 
then, in Berry–Connes approach 
. This yields to a Hamiltonian whose eigenvalues are the square of the imaginary part of the Riemann zeros, and also the functional determinant of this Hamiltonian operator is just the Riemann Xi function. In fact the Riemann Xi function would be proportional to the functional determinant (Hadamard product) 
as proven by Connes and others, in this approach 
The analogy with the Riemann hypothesis over finite fields suggests that the Hilbert space containing eigenvectors corresponding to the zeros might be some sort of first cohomology group of the spectrum Spec(Z) of the integers. described some of the attempts to find such a cohomology theory .
Lee–Yang theorem.
The Lee–Yang theorem states that the zeros of certain partition functions in statistical mechanics all lie on a "critical line" with real part 0, and this has led to some speculation about a relationship with the Riemann hypothesis .
Turán's result.
have no zeros when the real part of "s" is greater than one then
where λ("n") is the Liouville function given by (−1)"r" if "n" has "r" prime factors. He showed that this in turn would imply that the Riemann hypothesis is true. However proved that "T"("x") is negative for infinitely many "x" (and also disproved the closely related Pólya conjecture), and showed that the smallest such "x" is . showed by numerical calculation that the finite Dirichlet series above for "N"=19 has a zero with real part greater than 1. Turán also showed that a somewhat weaker assumption, the nonexistence of zeros with real part greater than 1+"N"−1/2+ε for large "N" in the finite Dirichlet series above, would also imply the Riemann hypothesis, but showed that for all sufficiently large "N" these series have zeros with real part greater than . Therefore, Turán's result is vacuously true and cannot be used to help prove the Riemann hypothesis.
Hilbert spaces of entire functions.
However showed that the necessary positivity conditions are not satisfied.
Quasicrystals.
The Riemann hypothesis implies that the zeros of the zeta function form a quasicrystal, meaning a distribution with discrete support whose Fourier transform also has discrete support.
Arithmetic zeta functions of models of elliptic curves over number fields.
When one goes from geometric dimension one, e.g. an algebraic number field, to geometric dimension two, e.g. a regular model of an elliptic curve over a number field, the two-dimensional part of the generalized Riemann hypothesis for the arithmetic zeta function of the model deals with the poles of the zeta function. In dimension one the study of the zeta integral in Tate's thesis does not lead to new important information on the Riemann hypothesis. Contrary to this, in dimension two work of Ivan Fesenko on two-dimensional generalisation of Tate's thesis includes an integral representation of a zeta integral closely related to the zeta function. In this new situation, not possible in dimension one, the poles of the zeta function can be studied via the zeta integral and associated adele groups. Related conjecture of on the positivity of the fourth derivative of a boundary function associated to the zeta integral essentially implies the pole part of the generalized Riemann hypothesis. proved that the latter, together with some technical assumptions, implies Fesenko's conjecture.
Multiple zeta functions.
Deligne's proof of the Riemann hypothesis over finite fields used the zeta functions of product varieties, whose zeros and poles correspond to sums of zeros and poles of the original zeta function, in order to bound the real parts of the zeros of the original zeta function. By analogy, introduced multiple zeta functions whose zeros and poles correspond to sums of zeros and poles of the Riemann zeta function. To make the series converge he restricted to sums of zeros or poles all with non-negative imaginary part. So far, the known bounds on the zeros and poles of the multiple zeta functions are not strong enough to give useful estimates for the zeros of the Riemann zeta function.
Location of the zeros.
Number of zeros.
The functional equation combined with the argument principle implies that the number of zeros of the zeta function with imaginary part between 0 and "T" is given by
for "s"=1/2+i"T", where the argument is defined by varying it continuously along the line with Im("s")="T", starting with argument 0 at ∞+i"T". This is the sum of a large but well understood term
and a small but rather mysterious term
So the density of zeros with imaginary part near "T" is about log("T")/2π, and the function "S" describes the small deviations from this. The function "S"("t") jumps by 1 at each zero of the zeta function, and for it decreases monotonically between zeros with derivative close to −log "t".
Karatsuba (1996) proved that every interval ("T", "T"+"H"] for formula_56 contains at least
points where the function "S"("t") changes sign.
This suggests that "S"("T")/(log log "T")1/2 resembles a Gaussian random variable with mean 0 and variance 2π2 ( proved this fact).
In particular |"S"("T")| is usually somewhere around (log log "T")1/2, but occasionally much larger. The exact order of growth of "S"("T") is not known. There has been no unconditional improvement to Riemann's original bound "S"("T")=O(log "T"), though the Riemann hypothesis implies the slightly smaller bound "S"("T")=O(log "T"/log log "T") . The true order of magnitude may be somewhat less than this, as random functions with the same distribution as "S"("T") tend to have growth of order about log("T")1/2. In the other direction it cannot be too small: showed that , and assuming the Riemann hypothesis Montgomery showed that .
Numerical calculations confirm that "S" grows very slowly: |"S"("T")| < 1 for , |"S"("T")| < 2 for "T" < , and the largest value of |"S"("T")| found so far is not much larger than 3 .
Riemann's estimate "S"("T") = O(log "T") implies that the gaps between zeros are bounded, and Littlewood improved this slightly, showing that the gaps between their imaginary parts tends to 0.
Theorem of Hadamard and de la Vallée-Poussin.
Both the original proofs that the zeta function has no zeros with real part 1 are similar, and depend on showing that if ζ(1+"it") vanishes, then ζ(1+2"it") is singular, which is not possible. One way of doing this is by using the inequality
for σ > 1, "t" real, and looking at the limit as σ → 1. This inequality follows by taking the real part of the log of the Euler product to see that
where the sum is over all prime powers "p""n", so that
which is at least 1 because all the terms in the sum are positive, due to the inequality
Zero-free regions.
De la Vallée-Poussin (1899–1900) proved that if is a zero of the Riemann zeta function, then for some positive constant "C". In other words zeros cannot be too close to the line there is a zero-free region close to this line. This zero-free region has been enlarged by several authors. gave a version with explicit numerical constants: whenever |"t" | ≥ 3 and
Zeros on the critical line.
Most zeros lie close to the critical line. More precisely, showed that for any positive ε, all but an infinitely small proportion of zeros lie within a distance ε of the critical line. gives several more precise versions of this result, called zero density estimates, which bound the number of zeros in regions with imaginary part at most "T" and real part at least 1/2+ε.
Hardy–Littlewood conjectures.
In 1914 Godfrey Harold Hardy proved that formula_64 has infinitely many real zeros.
Let "N"("T") be the total number of real zeros, formula_65 be the total number of zeros of odd order of the function 
lying on the interval (0, "T"].
The next two conjectures of Hardy and John Edensor Littlewood on the distance between real zeros of formula_64 and on the density of zeros of formula_64 on intervals ("T", "T"+"H"] for sufficiently large "T" > 0, formula_69 and with as less as possible value of "a" > 0, where ε > 0 is an arbitrarily small number, open two new directions in the investigation of the Riemann zeta function:
1. for any ε > 0 there exists formula_70 such that for formula_71 and formula_72 the interval formula_73 contains a zero of odd order of the function formula_74.
2. for any ε > 0 there exist formula_70 and "c" = "c"(ε) > 0, such that for formula_71 and formula_77 the inequality formula_78 is true.
Numerical calculations.
The function
has the same zeros as the zeta function in the critical strip, and is real on the critical line because of the functional equation, so one can prove the existence of zeros exactly on the real line between two points by checking numerically that the function has opposite signs at these points. Usually one writes
where Hardy's function "Z" and the Riemann–Siegel theta function θ are uniquely defined by this and the condition that they are smooth real functions with θ(0)=0.
By finding many intervals where the function "Z" changes sign one can show that there are many zeros on the critical line. To verify the Riemann hypothesis up to a given imaginary part "T" of the zeros, one also has to check that there are no further zeros off the line in this region. This can be done by calculating the total number of zeros in the region and checking that it is the same as the number of zeros found on the line. This allows one to verify the Riemann hypothesis computationally up to any desired value of "T" (provided all the zeros of the zeta function in this region are simple and on the critical line).
Some calculations of zeros of the zeta function are listed below. So far all zeros that have been checked are on the critical line and are simple. (A multiple zero would cause problems for the zero finding algorithms, which depend on finding sign changes between zeros.) For tables of the zeros, see or .
Gram points.
A Gram point is a point on the critical line 1/2 + "it" where the zeta function is real and non-zero. Using the expression for the zeta function on the critical line, ζ(1/2 + "it") = "Z"("t")e − "i"θ("t"), where Hardy's function, "Z", is real for real "t", and θ is the Riemann–Siegel theta function, we see that zeta is real when sin(θ("t")) = 0. This implies that θ("t") is an integer multiple of π which allows for the location of Gram points to be calculated fairly easily by inverting the formula for θ. They are usually numbered as "g""n" for "n" = 0, 1, ..., where "g""n" is the unique solution of θ("t") = "n"π.
Gram observed that there was often exactly one zero of the zeta function between any two Gram points; Hutchinson called this observation Gram's law. There are several other closely related statements that are also sometimes called Gram's law: for example, (−1)"n""Z"("g""n") is usually positive, or "Z"("t") usually has opposite sign at consecutive Gram points. The imaginary parts γ"n" of the first few zeros (in blue) and the first few Gram points "g""n" are given in the following table
A Gram point "t" is called good if the zeta function is positive at 1/2 + "it". The indices of the "bad" Gram points where "Z" has the "wrong" sign are 126, 134, 195, 211, ... . A Gram block is an interval bounded by two good Gram points such that all the Gram points between them are bad. A refinement of Gram's law called Rosser's rule due to says that Gram blocks often have the expected number of zeros in them (the same as the number of Gram intervals), even though some of the individual Gram intervals in the block may not have exactly one zero in them. For example, the interval bounded by "g"125 and "g"127 is a Gram block containing a unique bad Gram point "g"126, and contains the expected number 2 of zeros although neither of its two Gram intervals contains a unique zero. Rosser et al. checked that there were no exceptions to Rosser's rule in the first 3 million zeros, although there are infinitely many exceptions to Rosser's rule over the entire zeta function.
Gram's rule and Rosser's rule both say that in some sense zeros do not stray too far from their expected positions. The distance of a zero from its expected position is controlled by the function "S" defined above, which grows extremely slowly: its average value is of the order of (log log "T")1/2, which only reaches 2 for T around 1024. This means that both rules hold most of the time for small "T" but eventually break down often. Indeed showed that both Gram's law and Rosser's rule fail in a positive proportion of cases. To be more specific, it is expected that in about 73% one zero is enclosed by two successive Gram points, but in 14% no zero and in 13% two zeros are in such a Gram-interval on the long run.
Arguments for and against the Riemann hypothesis.
Mathematical papers about the Riemann hypothesis tend to be cautiously noncommittal about its truth. Of authors who express an opinion, most of them, such as or , imply that they expect (or at least hope) that it is true. The few authors who express serious doubt about it include who lists some reasons for being skeptical, and who flatly states that he believes it to be false, and that there is no evidence whatever for it and no imaginable reason for it to be true. The consensus of the survey articles (, , and ) is that the evidence for it is strong but not overwhelming, so that while it is probably true there is some reasonable doubt about it.
Some of the arguments for (or against) the Riemann hypothesis are listed by , , and , and include the following reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19344141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344141" title="Maria Licciardi">
Maria Licciardi

Maria Licciardi (born March 24, 1951 in Secondigliano) is an Italian criminal affiliated with the Camorra and former head of the Licciardi clan, based in the Secondigliano quarters in the north of Naples. She was the undisputed boss of the Camorra in the city of Naples from 1993 until her arrest in 2001. 
Licciardi was referred to as ""La Madrina"" (The Godmother) by fellow Camorristi and earned the nickname ""La Piccolina"" (The Little Girl) early on in her criminal career, due to her diminutive height. Among Camorra women she is known respectfully as "La principessa" (The princess), due to her good standing.
Camorra heritage.
Licciardi was born and raised in the Neapolitan suburb of Secondigliano, a traditional stronghold of the Licciardi clan, where a local parish priest once reportedly said that the "people have the culture of the Camorra in their bones." Her entire family belonged to the Camorra. Her father was a well known "guappo" or local boss. One of her brothers, Gennaro Licciardi known as ""'a Scigna"" (The Monkey) was a very powerful "guappo", who later became the head of the clan and a founding member of the Secondigliano Alliance (Italian: Alleanza di Secondigliano), a coalition of powerful Camorra clans which controlled drug trafficking and the extortion rackets in many suburbs of Naples. Gennaro died from blood poisoning while in the Voghera prison on August 3, 1994. Her husband, Antonio Teghemié was also a Camorrista.
Reign as boss.
Licciardi rose to power and took over as head of the clan, after her two brothers, Pietro and Vincenzo, and her husband were arrested. She was the first female Camorrista to become the boss of the Licciardi clan, and take over as head of the Secondigliano Alliance. The death of Gennaro Licciardi caused some disruption in the local underworld, as well as several bloody attempts to seize control, but the clan was kept in stable condition by Maria. She brought together a fragile informal coalition of twenty Camorra clans in order to expand control of the city's most lucrative rackets, from drugs and cigarette smuggling to protection and prostitution. She also played a key role in expanding the city's drug trade market. Under her leadership, the Secondigliano Alliance become more organized, secretive, sophisticated and consequently more powerful.
Licciardi introduced many revolutionary changes to the clan. Perhaps the most important among them was the involvement in the prostitution trade. Prior to this, the Camorra had a code of conduct that forbade them from making money from prostitution. However, under Licciardi this code was broken. The Camorra would buy the girls from the Albanian mafia for US $2,000. Many of them came on the promise of legitimate work in order to escape the crushing poverty of their homeland, but once they arrived, they were practically enslaved and forced into prostitution by the Camorra. Many such girls were under age. They were often put on drugs in order to prevent them from escaping, or becoming informants. This helped increase criminal activity, as they usually spent a large part of their income to purchase narcotics for consumption. They were eventually killed when they were too old to remain in service as prostitutes.
Personality.
Unlike many male Camorristi, Licciardi shunned the limelight and was never convicted or even suspected of any crime. One well-connected insider described her as radiating a steely charisma. According to police sources, she was reputed to be practical, charming, exceptionally intelligent, but just as ruthless as her male counterparts. She carried a cold and calculating approach in her criminal endeavors, reportedly taking her inspiration from Rosetta Cutolo, sister of Raffaele Cutolo, the boss of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata. 
Under her, the Licciardi clan generated a great amount of goodwill among the local populace as it continued the old habit of giving an occasional handout to the neighborhood's poor. In Secondigliano, with no social security benefits provided to the people by the local government and an endemic unemployment rate, the clan provided the neighbourhood with a principal source of employment.
When the pentito Gaetano Guida was asked in court about the role of Maria Licciardi and women in the Secondigliano Alliance, he replied: 
Lucia Licciardi, no relation to Maria, was the only journalist to get access to her inner circle. In an interview, she described her management style as follows: "She behaves just like the manager of a multinational. She always looks for a solution that's less likely to attract police attention and that creates fewer splits within the clan." On Maria Licciardi, Judge Luigi Bobbio stated that: "The moment a woman takes charge of the organisation, paradoxically, we witness a lowering of the emotional level and a better performance of the group`s activities."
Bribing pentiti.
Maria Licciardi sought to control the possible impact of the testimonies of many pentiti in order to protect the clan. For instance, Italian police discovered that a few days after his escape from his protected location, pentito Constantino Saro met Licciardi in order to ask for money in return for retracting statement's on the clan's activities. The Secondigliano Alliance was divided over this issue. Some wanted to pay him, others wanted to pay him, and then murder him and his family. 
On January, 1998, Maria Licciardi was stopped in a car with her sister, Assunta, and her sister-in-law with around 300 million lire, which the prosecutors believe was her purported payment to him. She refused to disclose as to what the money was for and she faded into obscurity immediately after lawyers secured her release.
Downfall.
The reign of Maria Licciardi ran smoothly for many years, until a disagreement arose over a consignment of pure, unrefined heroin. In the spring of 1999, a large consignment of heroin arrived from Istanbul, Turkey. Licciardi decreed it should not be sold, as it was too pure and strong for the average user, and would thus kill those who purchased it, harming the alliance's large customer base of drug users. However, the Lo Russo clan, who had always chafed under her leadership, disagreed and packaged the shipment for sale on the street. The sale of the packets of unrefined heroin resulted in the deaths of many drug addicts across Naples, eleven of whom died in April 1999 alone. This caused great public outrage and resulted in massive police crackdowns on the Camorra clans. Many Camorristi were arrested and subsequently imprisoned. 
The Lo Russo clan eventually split from the alliance, leading to disintegration and a bloody gang war, including the use of car bombs and bazooka attacks. Clans began fighting over turf, and attempted to destroy or take other clan's business. When four clan members were murdered in her stronghold of Secondigliano, Licciardi was forced to retaliate. She mobilised her footsoldiers for an all-out counterattack. The deadly gang wars resulted in nearly 120 deaths in Naples and the surrounding region. It was around this time that investigators became aware of Licciardi's existence.
Fugitive.
Licciardi was added on the "30 most wanted Italians" list and went into hiding. Thanks to a sophisticated network of protection set up by her clan, Licciardi was able to evade capture for two years and, despite having changed her refuge several times, never left the Masseria Cardone district. While on the lam, she continued as the undisputed boss of the Licciardi clan and ordered several murders of rival mobsters. She went to war with the Giuliano clan of Forcella, which was headed by another female Camorra boss Erminia Giuliano, who took control after the arrest of her brother, Luigi Giuliano. 
When the senior prosecutor Luigi Bobbio began making successful prosecutions against her clan, Licciardi felt that he was getting closer to discovering her whereabouts. In January 2001, she bombed Bobbio's office building. The bombing was delivered as a warning to stop the investigation of her clan's activities and also to stop any further prosecution of her clan members. However, the bombing did not stop Bobbio from continuing his investigations. On the contrary, he was put under police protection and continued his prosecutions against the clan undeterred. Over 70 members of the Licciardi clan were arrested. Loyal to their boss, they refused to cooperate, preferring to serve their prison term instead. 
The police made many fruitless efforts to catch Licciardi. In April 2000, the Carabinieri arrested 13 Camorra bosses who were holding a summit around a table in a rural farmhouse between the districts of Qualiano and Giugliano. The group was allegedly discussing how to invest its funds in a network of furniture and children's clothing stores. However, Licciardi was not among them.
On June 9, 2001, several hundred heavily armed officers, backed by helicopter spotters, launched an intensive search operation in and around Secondigliano. Acting on a tip-off, they stormed a dilapidated building that she had been known to use as a hide-out. Licciardi was nowhere to be found, but police discovered that inside an attic guarded by surveillance cameras she had installed marble floors, a grand piano and an outsize Jacuzzi. Her repeated successes in evading capture by the police inspired local journalists to dub her ""The Scarlet Pimpernel of Italy"."
Arrest.
On June 14, 2001, Licciardi was arrested by the Naples' police while traveling with a married couple on board a car around Melito, near Naples. She didn't resist arrest and was promptly taken into custody. The man accused of aiding her was arrested as well, whereas his wife was released due to her being a mother of a child. After her arrest, police noticed she looked just like the popular mugshot of her that was released years earlier. After her arrest, her brother Vincenzo Licciardi took over as the head of the clan. Vincenzo was himself eventually arrested on February 7, 2008, after having been included on the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy since 2004.
Although in prison, she still is in command of the clan. Prisons don't represent a barrier for the Camorra, according to Anna Maria Zaccaria, a sociologist at the University of Naples Federico II who is researching the role of women in the syndicate.

</doc>
<doc id="19344145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344145" title="My Favorite Things (song)">
My Favorite Things (song)

"My Favorite Things" is a popular show tune, originally from the 1959 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical "The Sound of Music." In recent times, due to the winter-related imagery in the lyrics, it has become popular as a Christmas song.
"The Sound of Music" version.
The song was first introduced by Mary Martin and Patricia Neway in the original Broadway production and sung by Julie Andrews in the 1965 film.
In the musical, the lyrics to the song are a reference to things Maria loves, such as ""Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens, bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens"". These are the things she selects to fill her mind with when times are bad.
The original Broadway musical places this song in the Mother Abbess's office, just before she sends Maria to serve Captain von Trapp's family as governess to his seven children. However, Ernest Lehman, the screenwriter for the film adaptation, repositioned this song so that Maria would sing it with the children during the thunderstorm scene in her bedroom, replacing "The Lonely Goatherd", which had originally been sung at this point. Many stage productions also make this change, shifting "The Lonely Goatherd" to another scene.
The first section of the melody has the distinctive property of using only the notes 1, 2, and 5 (Do, Re, and So) of the scale. Rodgers then harmonized this same section of the melody differently in different stanzas, using a series of minor triads one time and major triads the next. This song has 16 bars of D minor 7, followed by eight bars of E b minor 7 and another eight of D minor 7. It also has an AABA structure.
The happy, optimistic lyrics---"Cream-colored ponies and crisp apple strudel"---are just a counterpoint and cover up an undercurrent of fear. As noted above, the song was written to be sung by a young woman scared of facing new responsibilities outside the convent. In the film script the song is repositioned, with Maria singing it to the von Trapp children during the thunderstorm; but the terror contained in the melody is still the dominant emotion.
The song ends with a borrowed line of lyric and notes from Rodgers' earlier composition with Lorenz Hart, "Glad to Be Unhappy", a standard about finding peace in the midst of unrequited love. Using the same two notes for the phrasing of "so sad" in the original song, Rodgers brings the gloom of my "Favorite Things" to a similar upbeat ending-–-"and then I don't feel so bad".
John Coltrane.
Jazz artist John Coltrane did an extended, close to fourteen-minute version on his 1961 album taken from the title of the song. It became a jazz classic and a signature for Coltrane in concert, also appearing on "Newport '63" in 1963, "" in 1965 and "Live at the Village Vanguard Again!" in 1966. Coltrane's version differs significantly from the song as originally conceived, using modal patterns and being much darker and more frenzied in feel.
A Christmas song.
The wintertime imagery of the lyrics has made "My Favorite Things" a popular selection during the Christmas Holiday season. It has appeared on many Christmas albums, including:
Other cover versions.
In 2013 Diana Vickers did a cover of the song which features in an advert for One Direction's fragrance Our Moment.

</doc>
<doc id="19344147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344147" title="Alexandr Savitskiy">
Alexandr Savitskiy

Aleksandr Savitsky (; born March 20, 1971) is a retired male medley and breaststroke swimmer from Kazakhstan. He competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992 (Barcelona, Spain) for the Unified Team. His best Olympic result was finishing in 15th place at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the Men's 4x100m Medley Relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="19344158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344158" title="Antoine Joseph Jean Solier">
Antoine Joseph Jean Solier

Antoine Joseph Jean Solier (8 February 1792, in Marseille – 27 November 1851, in Marseille) 
was a French naturalist, entomologist and plant collector.
Captain of engineers in the French army, he made collections in France, Algeria and the Mediterranean area and on an expedition to Oceania especially of Coleoptera.Solier worked on world beetle fauna writing many scientific papers and "Orden III. Coleopteros". In Gay, C., "Historia fisica y politica de Chile segun documentos adquiridos en esta republica durante doce aos de residencia en ella y publiciada bajo los auspicios del supremo gobierno. Zoologia". Tomo cuarto. Paris, Chile, p. 105-508. 
His collections, especially important for Tenebrionidae are in the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle. He was a Member of the Société entomologique de France.

</doc>
<doc id="19344159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344159" title="Saeed Ajmal">
Saeed Ajmal

Saeed Ajmal (Punjabi, ; born 14 October 1977) is a Pakistani cricketer. He is a right-arm off-spin bowler who bats right handed.
At domestic level in Pakistan he has represented Faisalabad, with whom he won the 2005 ABN-AMRO Twenty-20 Cup; Khan Research Laboratories; and Islamabad. Ajmal made his One Day International debut for Pakistan in July 2008 at the age of 30, and a year later played his first Test. In 2009 he was reported for having a suspect bowling action, but after being cleared he helped Pakistan win the 2009 ICC World Twenty20. Ajmal played for Worcestershire as an overseas player in English domestic cricket in 2011. Since November 2011, Ajmal has been ranked by the International Cricket Council as the number one bowler in ODIs. He is ranked at number two in ICC ranking of bowlers in T20Is, while his current ICC test bowler ranking is number 5. He is one of four test bowlers that made their debut after the age of thirty to take more than 100 test wickets. The other three being Clarrie Grimmett, Dilip Doshi and Ryan Harris.
On 28 January 2012, in his 20th Test, Ajmal became the quickest Pakistani to take 100 test wickets. Saeed Ajmal holds the record of leading wicket taker(76) in Twenty20 International cricket.
Ajmal was signed by Adelaide Strikers for the 2012 Big Bash League in Australia. He has taken 400 International wickets in a span of 5 years.
Domestic career.
Saeed Ajmal has played for Faisalabad since his debut in 1995 at the age of 18. Ajmal represented the Faisalabad Wolves in the 2005 ABN-AMRO Twenty-20 Cup, his team won the final in which he was man of the match. When Faisalabad won the final of the ABN-AMRO Patron's Cup in March 2006 Ajmal was named the tournament's best bowler and was given a Rs 25,000 prize. He has also represented Khan Research Laboratories, who were runners-up in the final of the 2008/09 Quaid-i-Azam Trophy; though his side lost the final, Ajmal took 5/105 and 2/55 and in the process passed 250 first-class wickets. Ajmal has also played for Islamabad.
International career.
Pakistan hosted the Asia Cup in June 2008; Ajmal was included in the 15-man squad and was expected to act as a foil to Shahid Afridi's leg spin. He made his debut against India on 2 July 2008. Ajmal took a single wicket, that of Yusuf Pathan, from his ten overs while conceding 47 runs (1/47) as Pakistan won by eight wickets. before taking 2/19 in a ten-wicket victory over Bangladesh, although the team had no chance of progressing to the competition's final. In November that year Pakistan travelled to the United Arab Emirates to face the West Indies in a three-match ODI series. Ajmal and Afridi were the team's only spin options; the former took a single wicket while conceding 73 runs and Pakistan won all three matches.
Ajmal's next match the third ODI against Sri Lanka in January 2009. In April Pakistan faced Australia in the UAE in five ODIs. Playing in all five matches Ajmal took four wickets at an average of 39.50. He was then picked for the Sri Lankan series in Sri Lanka where he had made solid performances in the Test matches, being picked ahead of Danish Kaneria in two of the matches.
In April 2009, Ajmal was reported by umpires for having a suspect bowling action. An independent test the following month demonstrated that Ajmal's arm flexed within the 15 degree tolerance allowed by the International Cricket Council. Later that year, the Pakistan Cricket Board named a pool of 30 players from which they would chose their final squad for the 2009 ICC World Twenty20, held in June. Initially left out, Ajmal was one of three players added to the list, replacing players who were dropped because they were contracted with the controversial Indian Cricket League. In the tournament, Ajmal partnered Afridi. Pakistan won the tournament, and Ajmal was the tournament's joint second highest wicket-taker with twelve dismissals from seven games (only Pakistan's Umar Gul took more wickets, with thirteen dismissals).
Ajmal's good form continued in the 2010 ICC World Twenty20 as he was Pakistan's leading wicket taker. However despite his good form he was known for conceding three sixes to Michael Hussey in what has been hailed as the most thrilling Twenty20 match of all time as Australia were in trouble and Ajmal was the unfortunate bowler who bowled that final over.
Shortly after this the Pakistan team began a tour of England where they would face Australia in two Tests in July, and subsequently play England in four Tests and five ODIs. Danish Kaneria was preferred to Ajmal in the first match against Australia, but after Pakistan lost the selectors considered dropping the leg-spinner and choosing Ajmal. In the event, Ajmal was not selected until the second Test against England, when Kaneria was dropped because he had been ineffective. Though Pakistan lost the match by nine wickets, Ajmal took his first five-wicket haul in Tests. In Pakistan's second innings, with his team looking to set a target for England to chase, Ajmal scored 50 from 79 balls, his first half-century in Tests, before he was dismissed by fellow off spinner Graeme Swann.
During the series against England, Pakistan became engulfed in a spot fixing scandal after the fourth test. In a later secret interview it was unveiled by alleged fixer Mazhar Majeed that Ajmal, Abdul Razzaq, Younis Khan and Shahid Afridi were too difficult to bribe. He stated that Ajmal was too religious to get involved into fixing.
After the controversy and upheaval of 2010, 2011 saw Pakistan become a more consistent team. The year began with the World Cup held between February and April. Pakistan progressed to the semi-final, where they were defeated by India; playing in three of the team's matches, Ajmal took five wickets at an average of 18.60. After the World Cup, Pakistan played ten Tests, winning six andlosing a single match; this saw the team win series against Bangladesh, New Zealand, Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe and draw with the West Indies. Ajmal finished the year with 50 wickets from 8 Tests, more than any other bowler (second on the list was India's Ishant Sharma with 43). Pakistan were also largely successful in ODIs, winning 24 out of 32. After Pakistan beat Sri Lanka 4–1 in November 2011, Ajmal climbed to the number one spot in the ICC's ODI rankings. He finished the year by taking nine wickets over two Tests in Pakistan's tour of Bangladesh.
Pakistan started 2012 with a three Test series against England in the United Arab Emirates. Ajmal was named the man of the match for the first Test in Dubai, with match figures of 10 wickets for 97 runs and a career best 7/55 in England's first innings. In the second fixture he dismissed Matt Prior to become the fastest Pakistani bowler to reach 100 wickets in Tests, taking 19 matches to accomplish the feat. The series concluded with Pakistan completing a 3–0 whitewash over England, and Ajmal was named man of the series after claiming 24 wickets at an average of 14.70.
In the immediate aftermath of the Test series, following confusion over comments from Ajmal about his bowling action in an interview to the BBC, ESPNCricinfo published detailed information on the issue after a thorough investigation by journalist George Dobell with extensive discussion with ICC having been conducted. The resulting articles underlined the fact that Ajmal's bowling action falls well within the legal bounds set by the ICC for bowlers.
Ajmal was signed by Adelaide Strikers for the 2012 Big Bash League in Australia.
Bowling style.
A right-arm off spinner, Ajmal's stock delivery turns into right-handed batsman but he also frequently uses the doosra which turns the other way, and he generally bowls flatter than most off spinners. The doosra has been an effective tool for Ajmal as batsmen have often failed to pick it. Explaining his bowling style in 2012, Ajmal said "If I bowl with flight I cannot bowl well. If I bowl at a quicker speed I can then use variations in pace. If I take 70% of my wickets with the doosra why should I not bowl it? Whether you bowl a doosra or an offbreak, the ball should be bowled on the right line and one should take a wicket with it."
Bowling records.
Key
Test five-wicket hauls
10-wickets in a match 
ODI five-wicket hauls

</doc>
<doc id="19344168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344168" title="Endre Hegedűs">
Endre Hegedűs

Endre Hegedűs (born 1954 in Hungary) is an internationally-known piano soloist. He graduated from Franz Liszt Academy of Music as a pianist, both performing artist and teacher in 1980. Since 1999 he has been a professor of the Academy.
Hegedűs has participated in 20 international piano competitions and has won several prizes among them first prizes in Monza and at the Rachmaninov Competition in Morcone, both in Italy. During the Liszt Centennial Year in 1986 he was awarded the Franz Liszt Commemorative Plate of the Hungarian Ministry of Culture and the International Liszt Society for his outstanding interpretations of works by the great composer Franz Liszt.
He has recorded 27 albums under the labels Hungaroton, Marco Polo and Studio Liszt Productions. His album containing the complete Bellini-LIszt operatic fantasies published by the Hungaroton in 1993 received the Franz Liszt International Grand Prix du Disque from the International Liszt Society. Hungarian television companies made 12 films taken from his public concerts and transmitted them on various occasions. The total length of these films exceeds 18 hours.
In 1999 Hegedűs has been included into the roster of Steinway Artists by the Steinway Center in New York. In Hungary in the year 2000 he was awarded the State Franz Liszt Prize. In 2004 the artist received from the hands of President Ferenc Madl the Medal of Merit of the President of the Hungarian Republic - for his world-wide concert activities and for his abilities to create harmony between music and its audience. In the course of Mr. Hegedűs' 30 years of pianistic career he performed more than 2600 times on public appearances. Beside his live concert activities in his home-land, Hungary he regularly gives concerts in Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Japan, Norway, Poland, Russia, Slovakia, Switzerland, Yugoslavia, Canada and in the United States of America.
Hegedűs resides in Budapest, Hungary with his wife, Katalin (also a concert pianist). They have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19344169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344169" title="Alexandre Bóveda">
Alexandre Bóveda

Alexandre Bóveda Iglesias (Ourense, 7 June 1903 - executed in A Caeira, Poio, 17 August 1936), commonly known as Alexandre Bóveda, was a Galician politician and financial officer. He is considered one of the most important Galicianist intellectuals during the Spanish Second Republic. He was one of the founders and key member of the "Partido Galeguista" (Galicianist Party), origin of contemporary Galician nationalism.
Biography.
Bóveda studied French and commerce in the city of A Coruña. He also worked as a school teacher in his natal city of Ourense. He was a regular reader of the Galicianist journal "Nós", and he soon felt the need to express his own ideas. He started publishing in the magazine "La Zarpa", where he stood out as a great communicator. He also published in the Galicianist newspaper "A Nosa Terra".
In 1924 he passed examinations in Madrid for a managerial position at the Spanish Ministry of Economy and Finance. He was offered a post in the Spanish capital by José Calvo Sotelo, but Bóveda opted for moving back to Galicia, where he worked at the delegation of the ministry in Ourense. After passing further examinations for a more senior position in accountancy, Bóveda eventually moved to Pontevedra in 1926. Pontevedra was at that time the central point of all Galicianist activity and cultural life in the country. Soon, Bóveda got acquainted with intellectuals such as Castelao and Losada Diéguez, deepening in his Galicianist political convictions.
In 1930 Boveda becomes the first director of the "Caixa de Aforros Provincial de Pontevedra" (Credit Union of Pontevedra). In 1928 and 1929 he is awarded with two professional grants from the provincial government to travel to Barcelona and the Basque Country in order to further study the functioning of credit unions.
In 1931 he is one of the founding members of the "Partido Galeguista" (Galicianist Party), a party with clear nationalist ideals. In 1932 he participated in the first meeting for the drafting of the Galician Statute of Autonomy, held in Santiago de Compostela. Bóveda was greatly involved in this project, to the point that Castelao considered him the person "without whom there would have not been a Statute". In 1933 he was designated as "core member" by the "Comité de Autonomía" (Committee for Autonomy). In fact, Castelao and other members of the "Partido Galeguista" (Galicianist Party) stated that Bóveda was the "motor" behind the whole process. Castelao and Bóveda were close personal friends. Castelao often labelled Bóveda as a "man of action", and unquestionably his "right-hand man" in setting up the Galicianist Party and moving the Statute of Autonomy forward.
In 1934, and probably linked to his political activities, he was transferred to the tax office of the southern Spanish city of Cádiz. Yet, he managed to return to Galicia in 1935, where he worked at the tax office in Vigo.
In 1936 he actively participated in the elections. He was a candidate for the "Frente Popular" alliance (Popular Front, which included the Galicianist Party), representing the province of Ourense. That same year he moved back to work at the tax office of Pontevedra.
However, 1936 was also the year of the Francoist revolt, start of the Spanish Civil War and subsequent Francoist dictatorship. Alexandre Bóveda was captured on July 20, accused of treason to Spain because of his Galician nationalist ideals, and sentenced to death. He was executed on the 17 August 1936 in the place of A Caeira, Poio (near Pontevedra). 
At present, the date is celebrated in Galicia with the name "Día da Galiza mártir", where those who died for Galicia ("martyrs") are honoured. A monument was erected in the same spot where he was killed, that being the place where the official ceremony takes place every August 17, with local authorities and local representatives from the Galician government attending.

</doc>
<doc id="19344190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344190" title="Harijs Fogelis">
Harijs Fogelis

Harijs Fogelis was a Latvian football forward.
Biography.
Fogelis' first season in senior football came in 1925 when he played with LSB Riga as it finished third in the top Riga football league. After two years with LSB Fogelis moved to the flagman of Riga football RFK. With RFK he played just one season after which he moved to the newly founded Riga Vanderer along several much more popular RFK footballers, such as Arvīds Jurgens, Voldemārs Plade and Česlavs Stančiks, and over two seasons the new club earned promotion to the Latvian Higher League. Fogelis played with Vanderer until 1932, then he joined another Riga club - Union Riga together with two other leading Vanderer footballers - Hermanis Jēnihs and Ferdinands Neibergs. Fogelis played two years with Union and was one of the leaders of the side, however before the 1935 season he returned to Riga Vanderer (replacing Alberts Šeibelis who had left the club) with which he won the Riga Football Cup in 1936 and retired from football after the season.
Between 1925 and 1934 Fogelis capped 8 international appearances for Latvia national football team. In 1928 he was a member of the Latvia team that won the first ever Baltic Cup tournament. Fogels was also a two-time champion of Latvia in ice hockey with the hockey team of Union (in 1932 and 1933), in addition he also played bandy for the Latvia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19344202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344202" title="Anything But Conservative">
Anything But Conservative

The project was officially overseen by an organization known simply as "ABC Campaign", which was affiliated with the provincial Progressive Conservative Party of which Williams is leader, and which was registered with Elections Canada as a "third party" for the purposes of election expenditures. The provincial government itself also paid for advertisements supporting the goals of the campaign.
The federal Conservative Party does not have any formal affiliation to the various provincial Progressive Conservative parties (although there were ties with its predecessor, the federal Progressive Conservative). Nonetheless the federal and Newfoundland Conservatives generally got along well until the equalization issue, so the ABC campaign represented an unusual public rift. It has to be noted that Newfoundland provincial parties generally had a history of conflict with their federal counterparts; notably Brian Peckford's dispute with Brian Mulroney over Hibernia oil, and Roger Grimes' criticism of Jean Chrétien over a moratorium in the cod fisheries.
The ABC campaign did not specifically endorse any alternative federal party, and PC politicians campaigned on behalf of candidates for both the federal Liberal and New Democratic parties. The campaign was successful in the sense that the federal Conservatives were shut out of Newfoundland and Labrador in the 2008 election; nationally, however, the campaign had little effect, as that party was elected to another, stronger minority government.
Strategic voting.
The "ABC" slogan became commonly used throughout the country during the campaign. A number of unaffiliated groups opposing the Conservatives' policies, including an environmental group calling itself "Project ABC", also used the slogan or similar sayings during the 2008 campaign. The anti-Conservative campaign also manifested itself in widespread promotion of strategic voting to minimize the number of seats won by the Conservatives. There were also online services organizing "vote swapping" to maximize the distribution of non-Conservative votes.
Background.
The agreement, known as the Atlantic Accord, was unpopular in the rest of Canada as it was considered unfair to other provinces. It was particularly criticized by Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty. While Ontario was traditionally one of Confederation's "have" provinces, while Newfoundland was a "have-not", this has changed in recent years. McGuinty complained that his province - already sending more money to the federal government than it gets back in equalization payments - would get further shortchanged as the accord permitted Newfoundland to keep its oil revenues rather than sharing it with the other provinces. While the Accord did prolong the federal Liberal government's time in power, it was viewed as "short-term gain for long-term pain" as Paul Martin gained a reputation for doing or saying whatever was possible in order to stay in power, something that caused Ontario voters to become disenchanted with the Liberals.
On January 4, 2006, during the 2006 federal election campaign, then-opposition leader Harper sent a letter to Williams with the following statement regarding equalization:
Harper began to distance himself from the statement that October. The subsequent 2007 federal budget ostensibly met this promise by introducing the option of a new equalization formula allowing each province to exclude its natural resources - but it also imposed a cap on the amount of equalization each province could receive, effectively negating the Atlantic Accord. The budget also gave each province the option of retaining the original equalization formula, meaning that no province would lose revenue due to the new formula. This budget was praised by Ontario Premier McGuinty, a critic of the Atlantic Accord.
Nonetheless, Williams said that, based on the restrictions imposed on the new formula, the province had been "shafted", and that "based on the fact that they've broken their promise and broken their commitment, should not vote Conservative in the next federal election."
The campaign began unofficially in May 2007, when Williams told the Economic Club of Toronto that the decision would cost the province billions of dollars, adding: "I am encouraging Newfoundlanders and Labradorians, and Canadians, in the next federal election to simply vote ABC — easy to remember. Vote ABC — anything but Conservative." Harper and Newfoundland opposition leader Gerry Reid criticized Williams' "overreaction", saying "this kind of confrontation is damaging the business investment climate of Newfoundland and Labrador".
Political parties have in the past mounted similar campaigns to sway voters against a particular party, such as that conducted during the 2001 Alberta provincial election when Stephen Harper led the National Citizens Coalition (NCC) in a "Vote Anything but Liberal" campaign.
2008 federal election.
At the start of the 2008 election, a campaign website was launched, while members of the provincial PC caucus campaigned on behalf of federal Liberal and NDP candidates. All caucus members were expected to participate in the ABC campaign, with the exception of the backbencher (and one-time health minister) Elizabeth Marshall, who said she could not bring herself to support a Liberal or NDP candidate. No provincial PC politician openly supported the federal Conservatives during the 2008 campaign.
On a campaign visit to the province, Harper responded that "no one can tell a Newfoundlander and Labradorian how to vote," and that the voters' choice should be "about your own best interests."
Leo Power, a veteran of federal politics and the Conservative Party of Canada's campaign co-chair for Newfoundland and Labrador, said raising money and recruiting volunteers has proved difficult, and blames Williams's ABC campaign, saying it has cut deep into the federal election machine that was struggling to compete. Power has also said his party's best hope of winning a seat in the province was in the riding of Avalon with incumbent candidate Fabian Manning.
While there was "anyone but Harper" activity stemming from a variety of sources across the country, the ABC campaign's national presence was limited to media interviews and a billboard on the Gardiner Expressway in Toronto; Williams did not travel across Canada as he had previously suggested. The Newfoundland and Labrador portion of the campaign was successful; of the province's seven seats in the House of Commons, the Liberals won six while the NDP won one, with the Conservatives being shut out. Nationally, the campaign had little noticeable effect; the federal Conservatives were elected to a second consecutive minority government, with more seats than in the previous parliament, including gains in Ontario (whose politicians had been most critical of the Atlantic Accord).
2009 budget.
Williams argued that the federal Conservative government's changes to equalization payments would cost Newfoundland $1.6 billion over three years, as it removes the ability of the province to choose whether to sign on to previously announced equalization policies. However, the budget passed in February 2009, with the support of the official opposition Liberals led by Michael Ignatieff.
Williams unsuccessfully lobbied the Liberals to remove the changes to equalization, but Ignatieff refused, saying "I'm not in the business of carrying Premier Williams' water. He has to understand that I have to represent Canadians from coast to coast to coast and from all provinces". St. John's mayor Dennis O'Keefe suggested that the Liberal MPs from Newfoundland would be committing "political suicide" if they followed the party line on the budget.
Williams' position was supported by one other provincial premier, Prince Edward Island's Robert Ghiz. Williams was disappointed by the lack of support from other provinces, saying "This is a great country and I want to be part of it, but the country disappoints me when we don't rally to protect each other."

</doc>
<doc id="19344214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344214" title="USS Bucyrus Victory (AK-234)">
USS Bucyrus Victory (AK-234)

USS "Bucyrus Victory" (AK-234) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations through the end of the war, earning one battle star, and then returned to the United States for disposal.
Victory built in California.
"Bucyrus Victory" (AK-234) was laid down on 1 September 1944 at Richmond, California, by the Permanente Metals Corporation under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MCV hull 543); launched on 31 October 1944; sponsored by Miss Eleanor Fogley; acquired by the Navy on a loan basis on 29 November 1944; and commissioned that same day, Lt. Comdr. Felix A. Geissert in command.
World War II operations.
The urgent need for ammunition carriers to resupply the fleet prosecuting the final stages of the war against Japan in the Pacific Ocean prompted the Navy's acquisition of "Bucyrus Victory" and several of her sisters. That exigency also precluded conversion work and limited her fitting out and shakedown periods to the absolute minimum. 
She completed shakedown training during the third week in December, loaded cargo at Port Hueneme, California, and headed for Hawaii. The cargo ship arrived in Pearl Harbor on 3 January 1945. While at Pearl Harbor, "Bucyrus Victory" put to sea on the 9th in company with "Texas" (BB-35) to test the feasibility of transferring ammunition to large warships while at sea. Soon after the successful conclusion of that experiment, the cargo carrier headed back to the U.S. West Coast, arriving in San Francisco, California, on 20 January. 
After about a month, she moved to Port Chicago, California, to load ammunition bound for the western Pacific. "Bucyrus Victory" departed Port Chicago on 18 February. Steaming independently by way of Eniwetok Atoll in the Marshall Islands, she arrived in the lagoon at Ulithi Atoll in the Eastern Caroline Islands on 8 March. There, she reported for duty to the Commander, Service Squadron (ServRon) 10.
Supporting the Okinawa campaign.
The ship remained at Ulithi for just over two weeks, first discharging her original cargo to fleet units preparing for the assault on Okinawa and then reloading for her resupply role in the impending campaign. In company with several other ships, "Bucyrus Victory" put to sea on 24 March to join Task Group (TG) 50.8, the replenishment group operating at sea in support of the U.S. 5th Fleet. She steamed in company with that task organization until ordered to Kerama Retto on 1 April. The ship entered the anchorage two days later and spent the next week distributing ammunition to various units of the fleet. 
Though enemy air attacks interrupted her work and sometimes stopped it altogether, "Bucyrus Victory" suffered no damage and took little or no part in the anti-air defense of the anchorage. She returned to sea on 11 April and rejoined Task Group 50.8 briefly before parting company with the replenishment group in accordance with orders directing her to Ulithi. There, the ship took on Okinawa-bound supplies—primarily ammunition for units of the U.S. 5th Fleet—before leaving Ulithi at the end of April.
Danger from air attack.
She pulled into Kerama Retto again on 3 May and resumed the work of distributing ammunition among the assembled ships. "Bucyrus Victory's" second tour of duty at Kerama Retto lasted a fortnight; and, once again, Japanese aviators contributed all they could in the way of complications to her efforts. Those nuisances, however, did not prevent "Bucyrus Victory" from accomplishing her mission. 
On 17 May, she emerged unscathed from the anchorage and rejoined Task Group 50.8 in the holding area 24 hours steaming time to the east of Okinawa. A few days thereafter, the ersatz ammunition ship headed back to Ulithi. She remained at Ulithi until 4 June at which time she got underway for the Philippine Islands. From mid-June to late September, "Bucyrus Victory" lay at anchor in San Pedro Bay off Leyte receiving and storing ammunition.
Supporting occupation forces.
After the Japanese capitulation, her mission changed to one of providing support for the occupation forces in the Far East. She departed Leyte on 26 September and arrived in Buckner Bay, Okinawa, on 4 October. The ship provided support for the occupation forces for about five weeks.
Post-war decommissioning and career.
On 16 November, she headed back to the United States for inactivation and arrived back on the U.S. West Coast early in December. Following inactivation overhaul, "Bucyrus Victory" was placed out of commission at San Francisco on 24 April 1946. That same day, she was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administration for disposal. Her name was struck from the Navy list on 8 May 1946.
Honors and awards.
"Bucyrus Victory" earned one battle star during World War II:
Qualified "Bucyrus Victory" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19344230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344230" title="Mehdi Kazemi">
Mehdi Kazemi

Mehdi Kazemi (مهدی کاظمی, born 1989) is a gay Iranian who is wanted in Iran for sodomy. Originally in the UK to study, he was granted asylum by Britain in 2008.
Background.
Since the 1979 Iranian revolution, the legal code has been based on a conservative interpretation of Islamic Shari'a law. All sexual relations outside of heterosexual marriage (i.e. sodomy or adultery) are illegal and no legal distinction is made between consensual or non-consensual sexual activity. Homosexual relations that occur between consenting adults in private are a crime and carry a maximum punishment of death.
Asylum case.
Kazemi had arrived in the UK on a student visa in 2004. Whilst he was attending university there, his boyfriend was arrested back in Iran, charged with sodomy, interrogated, and hanged in April 2006. During interrogation, his boyfriend gave up Kazemi’s name and Iranian authorities began looking for him. Fearing for his life if he would return to Iran, Kazemi applied for asylum in the UK. However, his case was refused by the Home Office.
Kazemi then fled to the Netherlands to apply for political asylum, but was refused in accordance with the 2003 Dublin Convention, which prevents application for asylum in more than one EU country. Kazemi was held in a detention centre pending return to the UK. If he returned to Iran he would have been at risk of imprisonment and execution. After a sustained campaign by several supporters, including Simon Hughes, Michael Cashman MEP, Peter Tatchell and Middle East Workers' Solidarity, Home secretary Jacqui Smith agreed to review his case when he returned to the UK. He was refused asylum in the Netherlands and returned to the UK April 4, 2008.
On March 22, Middle East Workers' Solidarity and National Union of Students staged a protest opposite Downing Street in defence of Kazemi. Several LGBT student organisations also attended, including the Manchester, Bradford, and Leeds University LGBT Societies. The demonstration demanded that Kazemi should not be sent to his death in Iran, and that he should be allowed to stay in Britain.
On May 20, it was confirmed that Kazemi's case for asylum had been accepted by the British government.

</doc>
<doc id="19344244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344244" title="Jeremy Cornish">
Jeremy Cornish

Jeremy Cornish (born December 12, 1979 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Wightlink Raiders of the English National League. He is mainly used as an enforcer. But he is currently working as a player/coach for the Raiders.
Cornish turned pro in 2000, splitting the year in the ECHL with the Dayton Bombers and in the United Hockey League for the Port Huron Border Cats. He also played for the UHL's Flint Generals and the Central Hockey League for the San Angelo Outlaws, Laredo Bucks and the Memphis Riverkings before moving to the United Kingdom in 2004, joining the Elite League's London Racers. He stayed for a second season, but midway through the 2005-06 season, the Racers folded having been forced to move venues due to safety concerns, stemming from Blaž Emeršič suffering severe facial injuries during a game after being crashed into the boards. The Racers folded and Cornish moved to the Newcastle Vipers and went on to win the playoff championship. After staying with the Vipers for a second season he returned to North America, signing for the Bloomington PrairieThunder of the International Hockey League before returning to the UK with the Sheffield Steelers. In 2008, Cornish signed with the Basingstoke Bison. On 12 May 2009, it was announced Cornish would become the Wightlink Raiders Player/Coach for the 2009-2010 season. The Raiders the previous week had announced they were dropping to the English National League from the English Premier League where they had been since the early 90's.
Jeremy is currently a teacher at an all-boys Catholic secondary school in Southampton, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19344245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344245" title="Obstacles to troop movement">
Obstacles to troop movement

Obstacles to troop movement represent either natural, human habitat originated, constructed, concealed obstacles, or obstructive impediments to movement of military troops and their vehicles, or to their visibility. By impeding strategic, operational or tactical manoeuvre, the obstacle represents an added barrier between opposing combat forces, and therefore prevent achievement of objectives and goals specified in the operational planning schedule. The constructed obstacles are used as an aid to defending a position or area as part of the general defensive plan of the commander. The obstacles that originate from the human habitat can be converted by troops into constructed obstacles by either performing additional construction, or executing demolitions to obstruct movement over the transport network, to create a choke point, or to deny traversing of an area to the enemy. The natural obstacles can be used defensively by securing a more difficult to breach defensive position by for example securing a flank on terrain that is deemed impossible to traverse, thus denying the enemy an ability to close into combat range of direct fire weapons.
Role of obstacles.
Obstacles are used in combat operations to create choke points, deny mobility corridors and avenue of approach to positions, to enhance field of fire for direct fire weapons, or to protect key tactical terrain features to the enemy.
Natural obstacles.
Natural obstacles are represented by those terrain features that for which few troops and their vehicles have capability to traverse. They include water obstacles, or areas of poor drainage such as lakes, rivers, swamps and marshes. The former two can be crossed by amphibious vehicles capable of swimming, or vehicles capable of deep wading after preparation, or by constructing a water crossing, and thus creating an easily targeted choke point. Soil and rock can also represent mobility obstacles if the soil is too soft and unable to support the weight of the military vehicles, or the terrain is fractured by cliffs, or large boulders that make organised movement impossible. While soft soil is relative to vehicle ground pressure, there is little that can be done to negotiate very rocky terrain or cliffs except by using specially trained light infantry troops. Vegetation such as jungles or dense forests can also represent obstacles to movement, in some cases even to light infantry troops. Some natural obstacles can be a result of climatic or soil activity such as deep snow that by covering all terrain makes safe traversing difficult and slow, or landslides that may create an obstruction suddenly despite previously clear route reconnaissance report.
Habitat obstacles.
While human habitat had, since early construction of roads, sought to create ways of negotiating terrain faster, the human activity on the landscape can create obstacles in its own right. Artificial lakes and ponds, canals, and areas of agricultural cultivation, particularly those that are water-intensive such as rice-paddy fields create obstacles often more difficult then the natural equivalents. Mining activity creates quarries, and the building of roads, rail roads and dams also involve construction of cuts and fills. Seeded tree-line windbreaks, hedgerows, stone walls and plantation forests also disrupt mobility, particularly of vehicles. Lastly the urban areas in themselves represent obstacles by offering elevated firing positions and canyon-like choke points by forcing the opponent to advance through the streets.
Constructed obstacles.
Constructed obstacles are those prepared by military engineering troops, often combat engineers, by either using materials to construct impediments to foot and vehicle-borne troops, or by using demolition methods, or excavation such as an abatis, to create obstacles from natural materials and terrain in specific location in accordance with the overall plan of operations. Sometimes such obstacles can be created intentionally or unintentionally through effects of artillery fire cratering. Buildings demolished due to combat or aerial bombing become very effective obstacles as rubble represents difficult to negotiate and irregular piles of building materials.
Concealed obstacles.
Concealed obstacles are used with the intention of not only preventing movement of enemy troops, but also causing casualties during attempted movement. Although one of the oldest forms of obstacle use, this became far deadlier with the invention of the mine warfare, and more so with air-delivered scattered submunition minelets that can create an instant minefield.
Obstructive obstacles.
Obstructive obstacles are used primarily to deny terrain visibility to the enemy, thus creating uncertainty in targeting friendly troops. Although ancient in use as tar smoke pots, modern smoke screens are temporary and are used as a tactical measure during manoeuvring, often when a unit is performing a position change.
Obstacle negotiation.
Ground troops prefer to deal with physical obstacles by circumventing them as rapidly as possible, thus avoiding becoming stationary targets to the enemy direct and indirect fire weapons, and aircraft. Where this is not possible, in modern warfare the most expedient measures taken against constructed or urban obstacles are to either use armoured vehicles, preferably tanks, to remove the obstacle, or to demolish them by firing High Explosive munitions at them. Where combat engineers are present, they can perform this using their specialist skills and tools or vehicles. In the case of natural obstacles, specialist engineering equipment is usually required to negotiate the obstacle, commonly bridging or pontoons. The solution to obstacle bridging had at the strategic level created new forms of warfare and employment of troops in the amphibious operations, and later the airborne operations. At the operational level the use of helicopters in airmobile operations offers a vertical option to negotiating obstacles, often of considerable extent such as mountain passes or extensive areas of impossible vegetation. 
Hi this is brought 2 u by SC Johnson a family company

</doc>
<doc id="19344248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344248" title="Popular Autonomy Movement">
Popular Autonomy Movement

The Popular Autonomy Movement (, MAP) is a tiny regionalist christian-democratic political party in the province of Trentino, Italy. It is led by Luciano Pilati, economist at the University of Trento, and Guido Calliari.
It was formed in 2006 by members of the Autonomist People's Union within that party. For the 2008 provincial election the party formed an alliance called Popular Autonomists with Autonomist Trentino in support of Sergio Divina (Lega Nord Trentino, supported by The People of Freedom and a collection of regionalist parties), but gained only 0.3% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19344264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344264" title="Christina McDonald (gymnast)">
Christina McDonald (gymnast)

Christina Anne McDonald Fritz (born 1969), née Christina Anne McDonald, is a former college and international gymnast from Canada.
McDonald made her international debut at the International Japan Juniors in 1983, placing seventh all-around. She had continued success in the mid-1980s, and was a member of Canada's Olympic team at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, Korea.
McDonald accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where she was a member of coach Ernestine Weaver's Florida Gators women's gymnastics team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1989 to 1992. In the opening meet of the Gators' 1989 season, she tore her Anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) on a beam dismount. She returned to competition with the Gators the following season, but chose not to do the vault. McDonald graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in health science education in 1993.
McDonald has worked as a missionary at E.W.T.N., Global Catholic Network starting in 2001 - 2010. McDonald married in 2007 in the United States, and took the name "Fritz" as her married name.

</doc>
<doc id="19344277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344277" title="Devil's Feud Cake">
Devil's Feud Cake

"Devil's Feud Cake" is a 1962 Warner Bros. "Merrie Melodies" animated short featuring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam. This is one of the few Bugs Bunny cartoons to use footage from previous shorts, and the first to do so since 1959's "Hare-Abian Nights".
Plot.
Beginning with footage from "Hare Lift", Yosemite Sam robs the Last National Bank in town and erases the assets (leaving only 8 cents). The bank manager presses the button which sets off the alarm and alerts the police. Sam jumps into his car and drives off to the airport with plans to hijack a plane to another country, where the police won't find him.
The airport happens to be having an aircraft surplus sale and Bugs Bunny is taking a look at the biggest airplane on the lot. Bugs gets into the cockpit and starts pretending to be a pilot. Sam boards the plane and, orders Bug, at gunpoint, to take off. Before Bugs can protest that he is not a pilot, Sam threatens to blow his head off. Bugs finds the starter right away, and as the plane goes down the highway, Bugs makes the plane go straight up to avoid a collision with a skyscraper, and straight down to avoid a collision with the moon, causing Sam, both times, to fall to the tail and the nose.
In the cockpit, Bugs is reading a "Learn To Fly" book. Then a "robot pilot" is activated, but the robot grabs one of the two parachutes on board and jumps out of the plane. With just one parachute left, Bugs decides that they will have to draw straws to see who gets the parachute, but Sam cheats by telling Bugs to draw the straws so he (Sam) can grab the parachute. Sam jumps out of the plane and once a safe distance away, he lifts up the back flap, but camping goods fly out, revealing what Sam grabbed was a knapsack instead of grabs the parachute. Sam then crashes down into the ground and is killed instantly instead of lands in an open police car with policemen in it and got busted, while Bugs manages to stop the plane in midair by pulling an "air brake" lever.
After his death, Sam goes down a spiral escalator to Hell, where he is greeted by the Head Devil, Satan. Sam introduces himself, to which the Head Devil discovers in the book of life that Sam has been a bad boy, although Sam protests that it was Bugs that made him go to Hell. The Head Devil tells Sam that he's after Bugs as well, and since Sam has a connection with Bugs, the Head Devil makes a deal; if Sam brings Bugs to Hell, he will be set free, but if he fails, he will remain in Hell forever. Sam gladly accepts the deal and the Head Devil sends him back to the world of the living.
Back on Earth, Sam discovers from a poster that Bugs is like to star in a stage play titled "Ben Hare," and dresses up as a Roman Centurion. During the shooting, Bugs, dressed up as a legionary, realizes his cue is up next, but Sam comes up and tells Bugs that he has a long overdue date with the Head Devil down in Hell and tries to slice him with a sword, only to miss him. Commenting that Sam has flipped his lid, Bugs runs into the Coliseum set and Sam gives chase.
Now using footage from "Roman Legion-Hare", both run into a pit of sleeping lions, which they sneak through. Bugs, having got out first, lowers in an alarm clock, which rings in front of Sam and wakes up the lions. Bugs then shuts the secret door above with his foot so that the lions can thrash Sam. Sam manages to escape the set, but the lions pursue him to a cliff, with a river below. Faced with an awkward dilemma of falling to his death or being eaten by the lions, Sam hastily jumps, hoping to land in the river, but is killed again and ends up back in Hell.
When Sam comes back to Hell, the Head Devil discovers that Sam has not brought back his replacement. Sam begs the Head Devil to give him another chance, which the Head Devil gladly accepts and sends him back to the world of the living.
Back on Earth, and using footage from "Sahara Hare", Sam shows up in the Sahara Desert, riding a stupid camel that will not "whoa" on cue, so Sam has to hit him over the head with his gun. Seeing Bugs, Sam starts firing his gun at him, but Bugs manages to escape into an abandoned Foreign Legion post. Sam immediately tries to chisel his way in by hammering out the cement on a stone brick, but when he pulls out the stone brick, he discovers that Bugs has placed a cannon in wait for him. Sam tries to push the brick back into proper place, but Bugs fires the cannon, blasting Sam and the brick through several sand dunes and a palm tree. This "date" is fatal and sends Sam back to Hell.
When Sam gets to Hell for the third time, the Head Devil sees that Sam still has not brought Bugs back with him and decides to give him one more chance. Sam has seen it all with these backfired attempts and tells the Head Devil to get Bugs himself and announces that he is staying in Hell. Sam then rushes away, puts on a devil's suit, comes back, and starts laughing in a maniacal way.

</doc>
<doc id="19344281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344281" title="Yevgeniya Yermakova">
Yevgeniya Yermakova

Yevgeniya Yermakova (born April 9, 1976 in Almaty, Kazakhstan) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Kazakhstan. She competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992 (Barcelona, Spain) for the Unified Team. 
Her best Olympic result was finishing in fourth place at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the women's 4×100 m freestyle relay event. She was a gold medalist at the 1991 European Championships (LC) in Athens, Greece. Yermakova was barred after failing a drugs test for a diuretic in Monaco in May 2000.
She currently lives in New Zealand with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19344297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344297" title="Desorption atmospheric pressure photoionization">
Desorption atmospheric pressure photoionization

Desorption atmospheric pressure photoionization (DAPPI) is an atmospheric-pressure ionization technique for mass spectrometry. DAPPI enables direct analysis of solid samples without pretreatment and analysis of samples deposited on surfaces by means of a jet of hot solvent vapour and vacuum ultraviolet light. The hot jet thermally desorbs the sample from a surface and the vaporized sample is ionized by the vacuum ultraviolet light and consequently sampled into a mass spectrometer. 
Desorption and ionization mechanisms.
The main desorption mechanism in DAPPI is thermal desorption due to rapid heating of the surface. Therefore DAPPI only works well for surfaces of low thermal conductivity. The ionization mechanism depends on the analyte and solvent used and for example the following analyte (M) ions may be formed: + H+, - H-, M+•, M-•.
Applications.
DAPPI has the potential to analyze both polar (e.g. verapamil) and nonpolar (e.g. anthracene) compounds. Performance of DAPPI has also been demonstrated on direct analysis of illicit drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="19344301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344301" title="We Close Our Eyes">
We Close Our Eyes

"We Close Our Eyes" is a song by British pop band Go West, composed by both members Peter Cox and Richard Drummie. Recognizable by its synthesizer hook, it was the first single from their début album "Go West".
The single was promoted by a music video directed by Godley & Creme.
The "Total Overhang Club Mix" was later included on the 1985 compilation "Bangs & Crashes". The standard version appeared again on "Aces and Kings: The Best of Go West" in 1993.
"We Close Our Eyes" spent fourteen weeks on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 5 in April 1985. In the United States, the single reached 41 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 5 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart.
A remix of the song was released in 1993 to promote the "Aces and Kings" retrospective.
The song was used in the 1985 Italian horror movie "Dèmoni".
In live versions of the song, the guitar break in the "Overhang Mixes" is often included.
In 2010, British alternative metal band Forever Never included a cover of the song on their "I Can't Believe It's Not Metal" EP.

</doc>
<doc id="19344315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344315" title="Canton of Offranville">
Canton of Offranville

The Canton of Offranville is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Offranville. The altitude varies from 0m (Hautot-sur-Mer) to 129m (Arques-la-Bataille) for an average altitude of 73m.
Composition.
The Canton of Offranville comprises 18 communes and a total of 17,936 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19344323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344323" title="Jonathon TeBeest">
Jonathon TeBeest

Jonathon S. TeBeest is an American drummer, born and raised in Montevideo, Minnesota best known for his work in the cello-based group Rasputina. He was a member of the band from 2002 - 2008 and previously been associated with the act 3 Minute Hero where he garnered the nickname "ATHENS-manservant". Jonathon now fronts his band, Sawbones.
Former band member Melora Creager has quipped that "There is an eccentric, pansexual genius secretly living inside of Jonathon".
Background.
TeBeest was raised in the Midwest, and recently moved back to Minnesota after a stint in New York City. He has always lived a life of music - he has been playing the drums since the age of 3. With this talent and a fervent love of music, TeBeest has been touring and recording with bands since the age of 19. Along the way, he has also had training on the piano and all things percussion, has picked up the guitar, bass, and pretty much anything else he could get his hands on. TeBeest started his professional career with the intense horn-driven party band, 3 Minute Hero in his homeland of Minnesota. That band started his love of performing live as the boys were playing about 250 shows per year during its existence. Eventually it was off to New York, where TeBeest hooked up with Ms. Melora Creager and her group Rasputina. He has since appeared on five of the group's albums, including the recently released "Oh, Perilous World!", and has also toured the nation with Rasputina. In the past, he has worked with many other bands including New Professionals, Mink, Gravity, THIS, Strangelove, Goodfinger and Dirty Excuse. TeBeest is a songwriter and now fronts the Minneapolis band, Sawbones.

</doc>
<doc id="19344332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344332" title="Manabu">
Manabu

Possible writings.
Manabu can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19344346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344346" title="Stoic (film)">
Stoic (film)

Stoic is an arthouse feature by Uwe Boll. The film is one of two dramas, the other " Darfur", Boll planned to direct.
Plot.
The film is presented through several flashbacks as the three inmates are being interviewed in regards to the apparent suicide of their 4th cellmate, Mitch Palmer, who has hanged himself. It is gradually revealed throughout the interviews that the inmates tortured and humiliated Mitch prior to his hanging.
The film begins with the four cellmates playing poker for cigarettes and trading stories of their lives prior to their incarcerations. After Mitch wins all of his cellmates’ cigarettes, they coerce him to play one more game. Mitch says he’ll put his entire bag of cigarettes on the table, and the loser has to eat an entire tube of toothpaste.
Mitch loses the round and refuses to eat the toothpaste as the cellmates continually ask him to uphold his end of the bet. At first it seems like the cellmates decide to give up and call it a night. Harry Katish, who is in jail for armed robbery, pretends to wash up and wraps a towel around a bar of soap. He then goes to Mitch and begins to scream and hit him with the soap, as the others grab him and hold him down. All three force him to eat the entire tube of toothpaste. The three leave him be as Mitch lies on the floor, his stomach in pain. Peter Thompson, a low level drug dealer, goes to Mitch and pretends to be concerned, and says he’ll make him a special drink that will make him feel better. Peter grabs a glass, and fills it with water, salt, and a piece of pepper. Mitch says he isn’t stupid, but the other cellmates tell him as far as they’re all concerned, he already drank the drink, and threaten to hold him down again.
Out of fear of being held down again, Mitch drinks as much as he can but begins to throw up. The cellmates laugh, and Peter says he’ll make another drink to make him feel better. Peter takes water filled with urine and feces from the toilet bowl. Mitch however, is choking and throwing up, but the cellmates start a countdown advising they’ll force him to drink it. Mitch grabs the glass and after one sip begins to throw up and choke.
Jack Ulrich, in jail for arson, becomes enraged and violently beats Mitch, telling him to lick up his vomit with his tongue and belittles him as a pig. Mitch begs and pleads that he’ll clean up the mess with his mop, but Jack continues to beat him harder as Peter and Harry watch apathetically. Mitch crawls to the mess and begins to lick the vomit, further becoming sick. The cellmates become bored and decide to call it a night.
As the cellmates sleep, Mitch sits down and stares at the emergency button. He makes a run and presses it, screaming into the intercom that he needs help, but the cellmates wake up and drag him to the wall and cover his mouth. Peter, speaking to the guards through the intercom, says Mitch just hurt himself and it’s nothing they can’t handle. The three cellmates beat Mitch to the ground, and then all urinate in a cup, pouring it down Mitch’s throat.
Jack is further enraged that Mitch pressed the emergency button, and then anally rapes him. Peter, witnessing the rape, begins to feel remorseful and says things have gone too far, however he is threatened with violence by Jack and Harry, with Jack remarking that he’s “already a part of this” and to “remember who made the drink”. Harry then stares at Mitch, grabs the mop handle, and violently sodomizes Mitch with it, then putting the bloody and feces covered handle in Mitch’s mouth. Mitch becomes catatonic as Jack and Harry watch TV, and Peter begins to shake with remorse.
Jack and Harry confront Peter on his remorse, who states he is fearful that the guards will see the blood and bruises during their routine checks, and that serving a longer sentence as a result is not worth this. Harry asks Peter what they should do, and Peter recounts an urban myth in that if a cellmate commits suicide, the psychological trauma inflicted on his fellow cellmates will significantly reduce their sentence. The three cellmates decide that Mitch needs to hang himself. They first prop him against the barred window and tie his neck with a TV cord, but the attempt fails. They then try with Mitch’s bedsheets and have him stand on a garbage can, granting him a final cigarette before Harry says “enough of this shit” and kicks the garbage can away, killing Mitch. Peter is reduced to tears as Jack and Harry remain apathetic. 
The next morning, the three cellmates agree to hit the emergency button and pretend to be upset by what has happened, however Peter remains silent. Throughout the interviews, Harry denies any involvement or accusations in regards to the torture and humiliation and remains indifferent to what has transpired; Jack admits his guilt and is remorseful, stating he doesn’t know why he did what he did and wants his hands washed clean; Peter is in tears for the entire interview, stating the hanging was his idea and Mitch did not deserve what happened to him.
The film ends with text stating the three cellmates, all serving 2- to 3-year sentences, received an additional 8 to 15 years for their role in Mitch Palmer’s death. It is then revealed Mitch was serving a 6-month sentence for vagrancy and resisting arrest. The closing frames show Mitch helping Peter do proper pushups, and bonding in a friendly manner with his fellow cellmates.
Development.
According to director Uwe Boll, "Stoic" centers on a true incident which occurred in Siegburg prison in 2006 where three prisoners raped, tortured and ultimately forced their cellmate to commit suicide over a period of ten hours in a series of events that began with a poker bet involving the consumption of a tube of toothpaste.
The film is based on a film treatment created by Uwe Boll. The dialogue was almost entirely improvised by the actors.

</doc>
<doc id="19344372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344372" title="Kim Cameron">
Kim Cameron

Kim Cameron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19344376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344376" title="Martin Causer">
Martin Causer

Martin T. Causer is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 67th District and was elected in 2002. He currently serves on the House Commerce, Environmental Resources and Energy and Veterans Affairs and Emergency Preparedness Committees. He was named Republican Chairman of the Subcommitee on Parks and Forests within the Environmental Resources and Energy Committee, and of the Subcommittee on Programs and Benefits of the Aging and Older Adult Services Committee.
Personal.
Causer graduated from the University of Pittsburgh at Bradford, earning a bachelor’s degree in history and political science. He currently lives in Turtlepoint, in Annin Township. Martin has three children, the oldest, Matthew Causer, also Morgan Causer, and Mallory Causer.

</doc>
<doc id="19344380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344380" title="Sana'a Mehaidli">
Sana'a Mehaidli

Sana'a Mehaidli (; August 14, 1968 - April 9, 1985) was a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party who, at the age of 16, blew herself and a Peugeot filled with explosives up next to an Israeli convoy in Jezzine, Lebanon, during the Israeli occupation of South Lebanon. Two Israeli soldiers were killed and twelve were injured.
Sana'a Mehaidli was born in the village of Anqoun, near Sidon, in Lebanon. She has four brothers and one sister. She worked at a video store, where she later recorded her will. In early 1985, she joined the Syrian Social Nationalist Party that was affiliated with the Lebanese National Resistance Front.
She is believed to have been the first female suicide bomber. She is known as "the Bride of the South".

</doc>
<doc id="19344384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344384" title="David Burns (radio presenter)">
David Burns (radio presenter)

David Burns (born 26 April 1959 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a British radio presenter working for the BBC. He is best known for his sports commentary, analysis and discussion on BBC Radio Humberside.
Biography.
He is currently the presenter of the mid-morning programme at BBC Radio Humberside. He also commentates on Hull City games, where he affectionately known as Burnsy.
His co-presenters on air are Gwilym Lloyd, Matt Dean and Mike White. He is also regularly joined by former Hull City, Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town players – notably Peter Swan and George Kerr.
In May 2011, the sports team of David Burns, John Tondeur, Matt Dean, Mike White and John Anguish won a Sony bronze award in the best sports programme category for their coverage of Grimsby Town's relegation.
In mid-2011, he moved to a non-sport daytime programme, discussing the day's news and playing music between 0900 and 1200 daily. He continues to present commentary on Hull City, but is no longer active on Sports Talk during weekday evenings.

</doc>
<doc id="19344393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344393" title="Canton of Saint-Saëns">
Canton of Saint-Saëns

The Canton of Saint-Saëns is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and associated light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Saint-Saëns. The altitude varies from 90m (Saint-Saëns) to 236m (Sommery) for an average altitude of 164m.
Composition.
The Canton of Saint-Saëns comprises 15 communes and a total of 7,514 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19344398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344398" title="Phillip Ackley Stanton House">
Phillip Ackley Stanton House

Philip Ackley Stanton House is a Mission Revival—Spanish Colonial Revival style house in Anaheim, California. It is now within the Fairmont Preparatory Academy.
The Spanish Colonial hacienda-style house built in 1929 by Col. Philip A. Stanton. 
Fairmont Middle and High School (later renamed Fairmont Preparatory Academy) opened in September 1994 on the site of the Stanton estate, which includes the Philip Ackley Stanton House. 
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 21, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19344413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344413" title="Forest Area School District">
Forest Area School District

Forest Area School District is a diminutive, rural, public school district in northwestern Pennsylvania. It is the public school entity for all of Forest County. It serves the communities of Marienville and Tionesta, President in Venango County and Millstone Township in Elk County. The district educates about 525 students in four schools. The district encompasses approximately 500 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 4,946. In 2009, the district residents' per capita income was $14,370 a year, while the median family income was $33,333. Per District officials, in school year 2007-08 the Forest Area School District provided basic educational services to 606 pupils through the employment of 60 teachers, 34 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 4 administrators.
Governance.
The district is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "F" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
Forest Area School District was ranked 433rd out of the 498 ranked Pennsylvania school districts in 2011 by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on student academic achievement as demonstrated by 5 years of PSSA results in: reading, writing, mathematics, and three years of science.
In 2009, the district ranked in the 18th percentile for student academic achievement among Pennsylvania's 500 school districts.
Graduation requirements.
The Forest Area School Board has determined that 24 credits must be earned to graduate. This includes: English 4 credits, Math 3 credits, Social Studies 3 credits, Science 3 credits, Physical Education 1.5 credits and more.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district.
Beginning with the class of 2016, students must take the Keystone Exams in Literature and Algebra 1.
East Forest Junior Senior High School.
In 2009 and 2010 the school achieved AYP status.
West Forest Junior Senior High School.
In 2009 and 2010 the school achieved AYP status.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school, including the graduation ceremony. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. The Pennsylvania College Credit Transfer System reported in 2009, that students saved nearly $35.4 million by having their transferred credits count towards a degree under the new system.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $1,607 for the program.
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 15% of Forest Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Special education.
In December 2008, the district reported that 128 pupils or 22% of students were receiving special education services. Forest Area School District provides a wide spectrum of special education services. Parents request an evaluation for services in writing. The district is required to conduct child find activities for children who may be eligible for services via Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.
When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Department of Special Education.
The IDEA 2004 requires each school entity to publish a notice to parents, in newspapers or other media, including the student handbook and website regarding the availability of screening and intervention services and how to access them.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for Special Education services. The funds were distributed to districts based on a state policy which estimates that 16% of the district's pupils are receiving special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding.
Forest Area School District received a $443,039 supplement for special education services in 2010.
Bullying policy.
In 2009, the administrative reported there were no incidents of bullying in the district.
The Forest Area School Board adopted a policy in July 2009 which prohibits bullying by district students and the faculty. The policy defines bullying and cyberbullying. The Board directs that complaints of bullying shall be investigated promptly, and corrective action shall be taken when allegations are verified. No reprisals or retaliation shall occur as a result of good faith reports of bullying. The board expects staff members to be responsible to maintain an educational environment free from all forms of bullying. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Budget.
In 2009, the district reported employing over 50 teachers with a starting salary of $40,000 to $87,000 for 183 day work year. The average teacher salary is $55,585. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, vision insurance, dental insurance, college course reimbursement, 3 personal days, sick days, payment for unused sick days, a retirement bonus which includes all unused sick and personal days accumulated while working for the district and other benefits. Teachers are paid for extra instructional services.
In 2007, the Forest Area School District employed 53 teachers and the average teacher salary in the district was $51,068 for 183 days worked.
The district administrative costs per pupil, in 2008, were $1,450.53 per pupil. Forest Area School District is ranked 9th among Pennsylvania's 500 districts for administrative spending. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil.
The district administration reported that per pupil spending in 2008 was $17,657 which ranked 493rd in the state's 501 school districts.
In 2008, the administration reported an unreserved-undesignated fund balance of $2,951,202. The district had no unreserved designated fund.
In August 2010, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. The findings were reported to the administration and the school board.
The district is funded by a combination of: a local income tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless the of personal wealth.
State basic education funding.
In 2011-12, the Forest Area School District will receive $2,476,405 in state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, the district will receive $30,839 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget includes $5,354,629,000 for the 2011-2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount is a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011-12. Districts experienced a reduction in funding due to the loss of federal stimulus funding which ended in 2011.
In 2010, the district reported that 269 pupils received a free or reduced-price lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
For the 2010-11 budget year, the district was allotted a 2% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $2,576,451. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The amount of increase each school district receives is set by the Governor and the Secretary of Education as a part of the state budget proposal given each February.
In the 2009-2010 budget year the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 2% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $2,525,933. The state Basic Education Funding to the district in 2008-09 was $2,476,404. Ninety school districts received a base 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009.
According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 278 students, in the district, received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007-2008 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010-11 the Forest Area School District applied for and received $83,705 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The district used the funding to provide full-day kindergarten for the 7th year.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Forest Area School District did not apply for funding in 2006-07 nor in 2007-08. In 2008-09 it received $149,383. Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania, 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards 
Education Assistance grant.
The state's EAP funding provides for the continuing support of tutoring services and other programs to address the academic needs of eligible students. Funds are available to eligible school districts and full-time career and technology centers (CTC) in which one or more schools have failed to meet at least one academic performance target, as provided for in Section 1512-C of the Pennsylvania Public School Code. In 2010-11 the Forest Area School District did not apply for funding.
Federal Stimulus funding.
The district received an extra $423,821 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The Pennsylvania Department of Education advised the districts to use the money for nonrecurring expenses like purchasing equipment and teaching resources like books, and software.
Race to the Top grant.
School district officials did not apply for the Race to the Top federal grant. When approved for the grant, the district would have received hundreds of thousands in additional federal dollars for improving student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. According to then Governor Rendell, failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Forest Area School Board did not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
The school board levied a real estate tax of 60.1900 mills in 2010-11 for residents in Forest County. Elk County residents - 35.0000 mills. For Venango County residents - 9.9300 mills A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. On the local level, Pennsylvania district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts. The school district includes townships in three counties, each of which has different rates of property tax assessment, necessitating a state board equalization of the tax rates between the counties. Forest Area School District is impacted by the presence of the federal Allegheny National Forest. Since 1911, states have received funds from the federal government to offset the loss of property tax revenues which occurred with the establishment of National Forest lands within their borders. For decades, this reimbursement has been set as 25 percent of all receipts from commercial activities on these federal lands, including timber sales. Since the late 1980s and 1990s, the country has a seen a tremendous decline in timber harvests, which have meant a decline in payments to the district. Congress passed the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act (SRSCA) of 2000, which subsidized payments to counties/school districts and took into consideration historic payment levels before the decline. Forest County was the first to accept the alternate payment from the federal government. It has had a negative outcome for the school district.
Act 1 Adjusted index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Forest Area School District 2006-2007 through 2011-2012.
For the 2011-12 school year, the Forest Area School Board applied for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index: pension obligations and special education costs. Each year, the Forest Area School Board has the option of adopting either: 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is publisher each year by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. With the 2011 state education budget, the General Assembly repealed most of the Act 1 tax increase exceptions leaving only special education costs, pension costs and prior voter approved (ballot referendum) debt for construction. The cost of construction projects in the future will go to the voters for approval via ballot referendum. Districts can no longer raise property taxes to cover increasing health insurance costs for employees.
According to a state report, for the 2011-2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
The Forest Area School Board did not apply for any exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2011. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Forest Area School District was $146 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 1,593 property owners applied for the tax relief. This was the highest tax relief provided in Fulton County. The property tax relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. Pennsylvania awarded the highest property tax relief to residents of the Chester-Upland School District in Delaware County at $641 per homestead and farmstead in 2010. CUSD was given $632 in 2009. This was the second year they were the top recipient.
A special investigation conducted by the Pennsylvania Auditor General found that 70.83% of homeowners in Forest County, had applied for the tax relief.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently individuals who have income substantially greater than $35,000, may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Extracurriculars.
The district's students have access to a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by the school board policy.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19344415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344415" title="MFSB (album)">
MFSB (album)

MFSB is the debut album by Philadelphia International Records houseband MFSB, released in 1973.
Reception.
It also included instrumental covers of "Back Stabbers" by The O'Jays, "Family Affair" by Sly & The Family Stone, and "Freddie's Dead" by Curtis Mayfield. 
The 2002 reissue on Epic/Legacy Records adds a live version of "TSOP (The Sound of Philadelphia)". The only single from the album was "Family Affair", having "Lay In Low", as a b-side. The third track, "Something for Nothing" was sampled in Jay-Z's 2003 single "What More Can I Say", Canibus' song "How We Roll" and Jojo's "Breezy" from her debut album.

</doc>
<doc id="19344416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344416" title="Sylvanus H. Sweet">
Sylvanus H. Sweet

Sylvanus Howe Sweet (August 8, 1830 Hinmansville, Oswego County, New York - November 17, 1899) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1874 to 1875.
Life.
He graduated from Falley Seminary in Fulton in 1850.
Soon after his graduation, he was appointed assistant under Colonel Orville W. Childs on a survey for an inter oceanic ship canal through Nicaragua. Upon returning to the US, he accepted a position on the New York State canals and in 1853 was appointed Second Assistant Engineer. From 1854 to 1859, he was First Assistant Engineer and in 1861 was Principal Assistant Engineer on the New York Harbor Encroachment Survey. He was appointed Deputy State Engineer under William B. Taylor in 1862 and again under Van Rensselaer Richmond in 1868, serving from 1862 to 1864 and from 1868 to 1871. In 1865, he ran on the Democratic ticket for New York State Engineer and Surveyor but was defeated by Republican Jonas Platt Goodsell. In 1873, he ran again and was elected, being in office from 1874 to 1875.
He was also the Chief Engineer for the State on the Hudson River improvement, Engineer of the Commission for the construction of the Capitol at Albany, Chief Engineer of the Albany waterworks, of the projected Maryland and Delaware ship canal, and of the Commission for the construction of the Broadway Arcade Railway.
He was the author of "The Documentary History of the Canals"

</doc>
<doc id="19344418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344418" title="Bovine spongiform encephalopathy">
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy

Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), commonly known as mad cow disease, is a fatal neurodegenerative disease (encephalopathy) in cattle that causes a spongy degeneration in the brain and spinal cord. BSE has a long incubation period, about 30 months to 8 years, usually affecting adult cattle at a peak age onset of four to five years, all breeds being equally susceptible. In the United Kingdom, the country worst affected, more than 180,000 cattle have been infected and 4.4 million slaughtered during the eradication program.
The disease may be most easily transmitted to human beings by eating food contaminated with the brain, spinal cord or digestive tract of infected carcasses. However, it should also be noted that the infectious agent, although most highly concentrated in nervous tissue, can be found in virtually all tissues throughout the body, including blood. In humans, it is known as new variant Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (vCJD or nvCJD), and by October 2009, it had killed 166 people in the United Kingdom, and 44 elsewhere. Between 460,000 and 482,000 BSE-infected animals had entered the human food chain before controls on high-risk offal were introduced in 1989.
A British and Irish inquiry into BSE concluded the epizootic was caused by cattle, which are normally herbivores, being fed the remains of other cattle in the form of meat and bone meal (MBM), which caused the infectious agent to spread. The cause of BSE may be from the contamination of MBM from sheep with scrapie that were processed in the same slaughterhouse. The epidemic was probably accelerated by the recycling of infected bovine tissues prior to the recognition of BSE. The origin of the disease itself remains unknown. The infectious agent is distinctive for the high temperatures at which it remains viable, over 600 degrees Celsius (about 1100 degrees Fahrenheit). This contributed to the spread of the disease in the United Kingdom, which had reduced the temperatures used during its rendering process.
Cause.
The infectious agent in BSE is believed to be a specific type of misfolded protein called a prion. Prions are not destroyed even if the beef or material containing them is cooked or heat-treated. Prion proteins carry the disease between individuals and cause deterioration of the brain. BSE is a type of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy (TSE). TSEs can arise in animals that carry an allele which causes previously normal protein molecules to contort by themselves from an alpha helical arrangement to a beta pleated sheet, which is the disease-causing shape for the particular protein. Transmission can occur when healthy animals come in contact with tainted tissues from others with the disease. In the brain, these proteins cause native cellular prion protein to deform into the infectious state, which then goes on to deform further prion protein in an exponential cascade. This results in protein aggregates, which then form dense plaque fibers, leading to the microscopic appearance of "holes" in the brain, degeneration of physical and mental abilities, and ultimately death.
Different hypotheses exist for the origin of prion proteins in cattle. Two leading hypotheses suggest it may have jumped species from the disease scrapie in sheep, or that it evolved from a spontaneous form of "mad cow disease" that has been seen occasionally in cattle for many centuries. In the fifth century BCE, Hippocrates described a similar illness in cattle and sheep, which he believed also occurred in man. Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus recorded cases of a disease with similar characteristics in the fourth and fifth centuries CE. The British Government enquiry took the view the cause was not scrapie, as had originally been postulated, but was some event in the 1970s that was not possible to identify.
Research in 2008 suggested that mad cow disease also is caused by a genetic mutation within a gene called the prion protein gene. The research showed, for the first time, that a 10-year-old cow from Alabama with an atypical form of bovine spongiform encephalopathy had the same type of prion protein gene mutation as found in human patients with the genetic form of Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (genetic CJD). This form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease is called variant CJD.
Epidemic in British cattle.
Cattle are naturally herbivores, eating grass. However in modern industrial cattle-farming, various commercial feeds are used, which may contain ingredients including antibiotics, hormones, pesticides, fertilizers, and protein supplements. The use of meat and bone meal, produced from the ground and cooked leftovers of the slaughtering process, as well as from the carcasses of sick and injured animals such as cattle or sheep, as a protein supplement in cattle feed was widespread in Europe prior to about 1987. (The prion causing BSE is not destroyed by heat treatment.)
The first confirmed animal to fall ill with the disease occurred in 1986 in the United Kingdom, and lab tests the following year indicated the presence of BSE; by November 1987, the British Ministry of Agriculture accepted it had a new disease on its hands. Subsequently, 165 people (until October 2009) contracted and died of a disease with similar neurological symptoms subsequently called (new) variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD). This is a separate disease from 'classical' Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease, which is not related to BSE and has been known about since the early 1900s. Three cases of vCJD occurred in people who had lived in or visited the UK – one each in the Republic of Ireland, Canada and the United States of America. There is also some concern about those who work with (and therefore inhale) cattle meat and bone meal, such as horticulturists, who use it as fertilizer. Up-to-date statistics on all types of CJD are published by the National Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease Surveillance Unit (NCJDSU) in Edinburgh, Scotland.
For many of the vCJD patients, direct evidence exists that they had consumed tainted beef, and this is assumed to be the mechanism by which all affected individuals contracted it. Disease incidence also appears to correlate with slaughtering practices that led to the mixture of nervous system tissue with mince and other beef. An estimated 400,000 cattle infected with BSE entered the human food chain in the 1980s. Although the BSE epizootic was eventually brought under control by culling all suspect cattle populations, people are still being diagnosed with vCJD each year (though the number of new cases currently has dropped to fewer than five per year). This is attributed to the long incubation period for prion diseases, which are typically measured in years or decades. As a result, the full extent of the human vCJD outbreak is still not known.
The scientific consensus is that infectious BSE prion material is not destroyed through normal cooking procedures, meaning that even contaminated beef foodstuffs prepared "well done" may remain infectious.
Alan Colchester, a professor of neurology at the University of Kent, and Nancy Colchester, writing in the 3 September 2005 issue of the medical journal "The Lancet", proposed a theory that the most likely initial origin of BSE in the United Kingdom was the importation from the Indian Subcontinent of bone meal which contained CJD-infected human remains. The government of India vehemently responded to the research calling it "misleading, highly mischievous; a figment of imagination; absurd," further adding that India maintained constant surveillance and had not had a single case of either BSE or vCJD. The authors responded in the 22 January 2006 issue of "The Lancet" that their theory is unprovable only in the same sense as all other BSE origin theories are and that the theory warrants further investigation.
Epizootic in the United Kingdom.
During the course of the investigation into the BSE epizootic, an enquiry was also made into the activities of the Department of Health and its Medicines Control Agency (MCA). On 7 May 1999, David Osborne Hagger, a retired civil servant who worked in the Medicines Division of the Department of Health between 1984 and 1994, produced a written statement to the BSE Inquiry in which he gave an account of his professional experience of BSE.
In February 1989, the MCA had been asked to "identify relevant manufacturers and obtain information about the bovine material contained in children’s vaccines, the stocks of these vaccines and how long it would take to switch to other products." In July, " use of bovine insulin in a small group of mainly elderly patients was noted and it was recognised that alternative products for this group were not considered satisfactory." In September, the BSE Working Party of the Committee on the Safety of Medicines (CSM) recommended that "no licensing action is required at present in regard to products produced from bovine material or using prepared bovine brain in nutrient media and sourced from outside the United Kingdom, the Channel Isles and the Republic of Ireland provided that the country of origin is known to be free of BSE, has competent veterinary advisers and is known to practise good animal husbandry."
In 1990, the British Diabetic Association became concerned regarding the safety of bovine insulin. The CSM assured them " there was no insulin sourced from cattle in the UK or Ireland and that the situation in other countries was being monitored."
In 1991, the European Commission " concerns about the possible transmission of the BSE/scrapie agent to man through use of certain cosmetic treatments."
In 1992, sources in France reported to the MCA "that BSE had now been reported in France and there were some licensed surgical sutures derived from French bovine material." Concerns were also raised at a CSM meeting "regarding a possible risk of transmission of the BSE agent in gelatin products."
The ban on British beef.
The BSE crisis led to the European Union banning exports of British beef with effect from March 1996; the ban would last for 10 years before it was finally lifted on 1 May 2006 despite attempts in May 1996 by British prime minister John Major to get the ban lifted. The ban resulted in trade controversies between the UK and other EU states, dubbed "beef war" by media.
Russia was proceeding to lift the ban sometime after November 2012 after 16 years; the announcement was made during a visit by the UK's chief veterinary officer Nigel Gibbens.
It was successfully negotiated that beef from Wales was allowed to be exported to the Dutch market, which had formerly been an important market for Northern Irish beef. Of two approved export establishments in the United Kingdom in 1999, one was in Scotland – an establishment to which live beef was supplied from Northern Ireland. As the incidence of BSE was very low in Northern Ireland – only six cases of BSE by 1999 – partly due to the early adoption of an advanced herd tagging and computerization system in the region, calls were made to remove the EU ban on exports with regard to Northern Irish beef.
Epidemiology.
The table to the right summarizes reported cases of BSE and of vCJD by country. (The vCJD column is by county of residence of patient at time of diagnosis and not suspected origin of beef.) BSE is the disease in cattle, while vCJD is the disease in people.
The tests used for detecting BSE vary considerably, as do the regulations in various jurisdictions for when, and which cattle, must be tested. For instance in the EU, the cattle tested are older (30 months or older), while many cattle are slaughtered younger than that. At the opposite end of the scale, Japan tests all cattle at the time of slaughter. Tests are also difficult, as the altered prion protein has very low levels in blood or urine, and no other signal has been found. Newer tests are faster, more sensitive, and cheaper, so future figures possibly may be more comprehensive. Even so, currently the only reliable test is examination of tissues during a necropsy.
It is notable that there are no cases reported in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, New Zealand, Uruguay, and Vanuatu, where cattle are mainly fed outside on grass pasture and, mostly in Australia, grain feeding is done only as a final finishing process before the animals are slaughtered for meat.
As for vCJD in humans, autopsy tests are not always done, so those figures, too, are likely to be too low, but probably by a lesser fraction. In the United Kingdom, anyone with possible vCJD symptoms must be reported to the Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease Surveillance Unit. In the United States, the CDC has refused to impose a national requirement that physicians and hospitals report cases of the disease. Instead, the agency relies on other methods, including death certificates and urging physicians to send suspicious cases to the National Prion Disease Pathology Surveillance Center (NPDPSC) at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, which is funded by the CDC.
In order to control potential transmission of vCJD within the United States, the American Red Cross has established strict restrictions on individuals' eligibility to donate blood. Individuals who have spent a cumulative time of 3 months or more in the United Kingdom between 1980 and 1996, or a cumulative time of 5 years or more from 1980 to present in any combination of country(ies) in Europe, are prohibited from donating blood.
North America.
The first reported case in North America was in December 1993 from Alberta, Canada. Another Canadian case was reported in May 2003. The first known U.S. occurrence came in December of the same year, though it was later confirmed to be a cow of Canadian origin imported to the U.S. Canada announced two additional cases of BSE from Alberta in early 2005.
In June 2005, Dr. John R. Clifford, chief veterinary officer for the United States Department of Agriculture animal health inspection service, confirmed a fully domestic case of BSE in Texas.
Practices in the United States relating to BSE.
Soybean meal is cheap and plentiful in the United States. The 1.5 million tons of cottonseed meal produced in the U.S. every year that is not suitable for humans or any other simple-stomach animal is even cheaper than soybean meal. Historically, meat and bone meal, blood meal and meat scraps have almost always commanded a higher price as a feed additive than oilseed meals in the U.S., so there was not much incentive to use animal products to feed ruminants. As a result, the use of animal byproduct feeds was never common, as it was in Europe. However, U.S. regulations only partially prohibit the use of animal byproducts in feed. In 1997, regulations prohibited the feeding of mammalian byproducts to ruminants such as cattle and goats. However, the byproducts of ruminants can still be legally fed to pets or other livestock, including pigs and poultry, such as chickens. In addition, it is legal for ruminants to be fed byproducts from some of these animals. A proposal to end the use of cattle blood, restaurant scraps, and poultry litter (fecal matter, feathers) in January 2004 has yet to be implemented.
In February 2001, the USGAO reported the FDA, which is responsible for regulating feed, had not adequately enforced the various bans. Compliance with the regulations was shown to be extremely poor before the discovery of a cow in Washington state infected with BSE in 2003, but industry representatives report that compliance is now total. Even so, critics call the partial prohibitions insufficient. Indeed, U.S. meat producer Creekstone Farms was forcibly prevented from conducting BSE testing by the USDA, who under an obscure 1913 law had the authority to restrict sales of BSE testing kits, allegedly to protect other producers from being forced to conduct the same tests to stay competitive.
The USDA has issued recalls of beef supplies that involved introduction of downer cows into the food supply. Hallmark/Westland Meat Packing Company was found to have used electric shocks to prod downer cows into the slaughtering system in 2007.
Possibly due to pressure from large agribusiness, the United States has drastically cut back on the number of cows inspected for BSE.
Effect on the US beef industry.
Japan was the top importer of US beef, buying 240,000 tons valued at $1.4 billion in 2003. After the discovery of the first case of BSE in the US on 23 December 2003, Japan halted US beef imports. In December 2005, Japan once again allowed imports of US. beef, but reinstated its ban in January 2006 after a violation of the US-Japan beef import agreement: a vertebral column, which should have been removed prior to shipment, was included in a shipment of veal.
Tokyo yielded to US pressure to resume imports, ignoring consumer worries about the safety of US beef, said Japanese consumer groups. Michiko Kamiyama from Food Safety Citizen Watch and Yoko Tomiyama from Consumers Union of Japan said about this: "The government has put priority on the political schedule between the two countries, not on food safety or human health."
Sixty-five nations implemented full or partial restrictions on importing U.S. beef products because of concerns that US testing lacked sufficient rigor. As a result, exports of US beef declined from 1,300,000 metric tons in 2003, (before the first mad cow was detected in the US) to 322,000 metric tons in 2004. This has increased since then to 771,000 metric tons in 2007.
On 31 December 2006, Hematech, Inc, a biotechnology company based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, announced it had used genetic engineering and cloning technology to produce cattle that lacked a necessary gene for prion production – thus theoretically making them immune to BSE.
In April 2012, some South Korean retailers ceased importing beef from the United States after a case of BSE was reported. Indonesia also suspended imports of beef from the US after a dairy cow with mad cow disease was discovered in California.
Brazil.
On 8 December 2012, the Japanese government issued a ban on imports of raw beef from Brazil, based on reports that a cow which died in 2010 in southern Brazil carried disease-carrying proteins. The Brazilian Ministry of Agriculture maintains that its beef is free of BSE. The Brazilian Ministry of Agriculture informed that the animal in question didn't manifest the disease and didn't die of this cause.
Japan.
With 36 confirmed cases, Japan experienced one of the largest number of cases of BSE outside Europe. It was the only country outside Europe and the Americas to report non-imported cases. Reformation of food safety in the light of the BSE cases resulted in the establishment of a governmental Food Safety Commission in 2003.
Clinical signs in cattle.
Cows affected by BSE are usually apart from the herd and will show progressively deteriorating behavioural and neurological signs. One notable sign is an increase in aggression. Cattle will react excessively to noise or touch and will slowly become ataxic.
Systemic signs of disease, such as a drop in milk production, anorexia and lethargy, are present.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis of BSE continues to be a practical problem. It has an incubation period of months to years, during which there are no symptoms, though the pathway of converting the normal brain prion protein (PrP) into the toxic, disease-related PrPSc form has started. At present, there is virtually no way to detect PrPSc reliably except by examining "post mortem" brain tissue using neuropathological and immunohistochemical methods. Accumulation of the abnormally folded PrPSc form of PrP is a characteristic of the disease, but it is present at very low levels in easily accessible body fluids such as blood or urine. Researchers have tried to develop methods to measure PrPSc, but no methods for use in materials such as blood have been accepted fully.
The traditional method of diagnosis relies on histopathological examination of the medulla oblongata of the brain, and other tissues, "post mortem". Immunohistochemistry can be used to demonstrate prion protein accumulation.
In 2010, a team from New York described detection of PrPSc even when initially present at only one part in a hundred billion (10−11) in brain tissue. The method combines amplification with a novel technology called Surround Optical Fiber Immunoassay (SOFIA) and some specific antibodies against PrPSc. After amplifying and then concentrating any PrPSc, the samples are labelled with a fluorescent dye using an antibody for specificity and then finally loaded into a microcapillary tube. This tube is placed in a specially constructed apparatus so it is totally surrounded by optical fibres to capture all light emitted once the dye is excited using a laser. The technique allowed detection of PrPSc after many fewer cycles of conversion than others have achieved, substantially reducing the possibility of artefacts, as well as speeding up the assay. The researchers also tested their method on blood samples from apparently healthy sheep that went on to develop scrapie. The animals’ brains were analysed once any symptoms became apparent. The researchers could therefore compare results from brain tissue and blood taken once the animals exhibited symptoms of the diseases, with blood obtained earlier in the animals’ lives, and from uninfected animals. The results showed very clearly that PrPSc could be detected in the blood of animals long before the symptoms appeared. After further development and testing, this method could be of great value in surveillance as a blood or urine-based screening test for BSE.
Control.
A ban on feeding cattle meat and bone meal has resulted in a reduction in cases in countries where the disease was present. In disease-free countries, control relies on import control, feeding regulations and surveillance measures.
At the abattoir in the UK, the brain, spinal cord, trigeminal ganglia, intestines, eyes and tonsils from cattle are classified as specified risk materials, and must be disposed of appropriately.

</doc>
<doc id="19344427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344427" title="Colin Ward (rugby league)">
Colin Ward (rugby league)

Colin Ward (born 4 January 1971) is an Australian former professional Rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. He played for the Sydney Roosters, Gold Coast Chargers, St. George Dragons, St. George Illawarra Dragons and the Penrith Panthers in the NRL. Ward also represented City in 2001.
Ward played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons from the interchange bench in their 1999 NRL Grand Final loss to the Melbourne Storm.
As 2003 NRL premiers, the Panthers travelled to England to face Super League VIII champions, the Bradford Bulls in the 2004 World Club Challenge. Ward played from the interchange bench in the Penrith's 22-4 loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19344453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344453" title="Secret Squirrel">
Secret Squirrel

Secret Squirrel is a cartoon character created by Hanna-Barbera, and also the name of his segment in the "The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show", which debuted in 1965. He was given his own show in 1966, but was reunited with Atom Ant for one more season in 1967. Secret first appeared in a prime-time animated special called "The World of Atom Ant and Secret Squirrel", which aired on NBC on September 12, 1965.
The "Secret Squirrel" half-hours included three individual cartoon segments: "Secret Squirrel," "Squiddly Diddly," and "Winsome Witch." "Secret Squirrel"'s shorts were a parody of the then-popular spy genre, with most of his shorts' elements satirizing those of the James Bond films. Secret Squirrel was also known as "Agent 000". Beginning in 1993, thirteen new "Secret Squirrel" cartoons appeared in between the "2 Stupid Dogs" episodes, with the updated title, "Super Secret Secret Squirrel" and a new cast. As of September 5, 2011, episode reruns returned on Boomerang from Cartoon Network.
Character profile.
Secret Squirrel (voiced by Mel Blanc) serves as a secret agent, taking orders from his superior Double-Q (voiced by Paul Frees) of the International Sneaky Service. His designation is Agent 000. Secret Squirrel is assisted in his adventures by fez-wearing sidekick Morocco Mole (also voiced by Paul Frees impersonating Peter Lorre). The pair fights crime and evil enemy agents using cunning and a variety of spy gadgets, including a machine gun cane, a collection of guns kept inside Secret's trench coat, and a variety of devices concealed in his fedora (which he almost never removes).
Secret Squirrel's recurring arch-enemy is Yellow Pinkie (also voiced by Frees), a parody of both Auric Goldfinger from "Goldfinger" and of Sydney Greenstreet's portrayal of the Kasper Gutman character from Dashiell Hammett's "The Maltese Falcon". The last episodes introduced Hy-Spy (again voiced by Frees), the master of scientific criminology.
Broadcast history.
SS's debut was on September 12, 1965 in "The World of Atom Ant and Secret Squirrel" prime-time special on NBC.
The original series was broadcast from October 2, 1965 to September 2, 1967. Secret Squirrel had his own show in 1966 and was then reunited with Atom Ant in 1967 until 1968. Episodes were broadcast in syndication and as part of "The Banana Splits" variety and compilation series.
The new series "Super Secret Secret Squirrel" debuted in 1993.
The first seven episodes of the 1960s "Secret Squirrel" series was broadcast in front of the 1994–1995 season of Hanna-Barbera's "2 Stupid Dogs" (1993–1995).
Their shorts have aired from time to time on Cartoon Network's sister cable television station Boomerang. "The Secret Squirrel Show" returned to Boomerang when Boomerang removed the shows "Huckleberry Hound" and "Yogi Bear" on January 2, 2008. "The Secret Squirrel Show" was removed on June 30, 2008, but it returned in June 2009 as a filler segment for "2 Stupid Dogs" during the summer. "The Secret Squirrel Show" returned again on August 31, 2009.
"Super Secret Secret Squirrel".
Years later, Secret Squirrel and Morocco Mole were revived in 1993 for back-up segments of TBS Superstation's animated series "2 Stupid Dogs". Titled Super Secret Secret Squirrel, these new cartoons featured Secret Squirrel (voiced by Jess Harnell) and Morocco Mole (voiced by Jim Cummings).
"2 Stupid Dogs" creator Donovan Cook was asked by then new Hanna-Barbera president Fred Seibert to choose a classic studio cartoon to revive within the main show, and Super Secret Secret Squirrel was the result. After Cook guided the updated design with artists Paul Rudish and Craig McCraken, supervising producer Larry Huber, the "adult supervision" assigned by Seibert, was responsible for all further aspects of these cartoons. He assigned animator David Feiss to the storyboards to hilarious results, with the conventional wisdom that the cartoons had superior humor to the original, somewhat drab films.
The reason to revive Secret Squirrel is because it was one of Cook's favorite Hannah Barbera shows.
These segments featured different artwork compared to the original 1960s cartoons. All the characters inhabiting the world were now animals. Double-Q, called simply the 'Chief' (voiced by Tony Jay) in these shorts is a cape buffalo with a cherry-scented tobacco covered calabash pipe instead of a man with a balding hairline, and arch-foe Yellow Pinkie was replaced with a sea lion known as Goldflipper (voiced by Jim Cummings). These new shorts also introduced Penny (voiced by Kimmy Robertson), a female squirrel assistant to the Chief ("à la" Miss Moneypenny) as a possible love interest for Secret (as hinted at in the episodes Queen Bea and Quark). Morocco's color scheme has been redesigned, had his wardrobe's patlette swapped, wears sunglasses, and has an evil twin brother, "Scirocco" Mole (voiced by Jess Harnell). With the exception of "Agent Penny", every episode is named after the foes Secret Squirrel and Morocco Mole encounters. Secret's art design remained relatively intact, but with a more modern design than the previous animated series' version of the character, featuring hard lines and sharper angles, giving him a leaner and more slick style. His hat has a slightly different style. Secret also loses his signature lisp given to him by Blanc's portrayl similar to Sylvester the Cat (although it was homaged in the episode "Goldflipper" where Secret spoke with it to mock Morocco's sudden lisp in that episode), but Harnell's portrayl gives Secret an update suave voice in reminiscent of him sometimes breaking into his Wakko Warner voice without the Scouse accent, most notably when he is screaming. Cummings' portrayl of Morocco makes his voice less of a Peter Lorre impersonation but high-pitched with the kept Moroccan accent. The Chief speaks with a British accent now as evidenced by his catchphrase; "Good show Secret". Apparently, in the 1993 revival, the personality and traits of Secret and Morocco have been switched opposed to their original '60s personality. Morocco was more of a chauffeur and is quite intelligent but in the revival, he is more independent as a sidekick, became too much bungling and is more child-like often getting injured at most scenes, which was Secret's department in the '60s series, and often saying his catchphrase "Okay!". Secret is more displayed as a bumbling hero in the original while in the new version, Secret is capable of doing his job right and at some aspects can be part-workaholic and part-easy going, able to get the job done. Most of his injuries either come from his job or are from the influence of Morocco's actions. Like the original, he has a gadget used for almost everything but mostly relies more on his mixed martial arts combat. Despite the changes, the new shorts still had a big fanbase and a cult following. This new series seems to have fallen under the villain of the week formula and Secret Squirrel and Morocco Mole have once appeared on a 2 Stupid Dogs story in the episode "Let's Make A Right Price" which was an advertisement for Granny's Joybone Doggy Treats, and Little Bog and Big Dog appeared on a Secret Squirrel story in the episode "Scriocco Mole" as contestants in a game show.
LP Album.
Hanna-Barbera Records released a "Secret Squirrel and Morocco Mole: Superspy" (HLP-2046) LP album in 1966. It featured an adventure with several songs. Mel Blanc voiced Secret Squirrel, but Daws Butler voiced Morocco Mole instead of Paul Frees.
DVD release
The episode "Sub Swiper" is available on the DVD "Saturday Morning Cartoons 1960s Vol. 1".

</doc>
<doc id="19344467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344467" title="Sergey Ushkalov">
Sergey Ushkalov

Sergey Ushkalov (; born February 2, 1972) is a retired male freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Kazakhstan. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. His best Olympic result was finishing in 15th place in the Men's 4x100m Medley Relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="19344482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344482" title="Canton of Saint-Valery-en-Caux">
Canton of Saint-Valery-en-Caux

The Canton of Saint-Valery-en-Caux is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of fishing, farming and associated light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the port of Saint-Valery-en-Caux. The altitude varies from 0m (Ingouville) to 129m (Drosay) for an average altitude of 68m.
Composition.
The Canton of Saint-Valery-en-Caux comprises 14 communes and a total of 9,180 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19344498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344498" title="Ardleigh railway station">
Ardleigh railway station

Ardleigh railway station served the village of Ardleigh in Essex, England. The station was situated on the Great Eastern Main Line.
History.
Opened by the Eastern Union Railway, then absorbed by the Great Eastern Railway, it joined the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
There were sidings on both the down and up side at the London end of the station. Those on the up side included goods sheds and handled both horticultural and seed traffics until the goods service was closed on 7 December 1964. 
The station was then closed for passenger traffic by the British Railways Board on 6 November 1967.
The site today.
Trains pass the site on the electrified Great Eastern Main Line.

</doc>
<doc id="19344499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344499" title="Margaret Howe">
Margaret Howe

Margaret Howe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19344505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344505" title="Robin Herd">
Robin Herd

Robin Herd (born 23 March 1939) is an English engineer, designer and businessman.
Herd graduated from St Peter's College, Oxford with a double first in physics and engineering, before joining the Royal Aircraft Establishment in 1961 as a design engineer on the Concorde supersonic aircraft project. He worked on the Concorde project for four years and was eventually promoted to Senior Scientific Officer at the unprecedentedly young age of 24.
He was recruited by McLaren in 1965 and worked on cars, such as the Mallite-bodied M2A test car for the Firestone tire company. The M2A subsequently evolved into the Formula One M2B car. Herd stayed with McLaren until 1968 — during which time he designed their M4B, M5A and M7 Formula One cars — before moving to Cosworth to design a four-wheel drive F1 car. He co-founded March Engineering with Max Mosley, Alan Rees and Graham Coaker in 1969. The team completed 207 Formula One Grand Prix races between 1970 and 1992, winning three with four pole positions.
He sold March Racing to the Japanese property company Leyton House in 1989 and created Robin Herd Ltd., a design office in Bicester. He quit racing in 1995 and bought Oxford United Football Club, becoming Chairman, and also established a company investigating natural ways of producing energy. He resigned from his duty as Chairman in 1998, and formed an Indy Racing League team called March Indy International in the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19344515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344515" title="The Guardian">
The Guardian

The Guardian is a British national daily newspaper. Founded in 1821, it was known as The Manchester Guardian until 1959. From its beginnings as a local paper it has grown into a national paper associated with a complex organisational structure and an international multimedia and web presence. "The Guardian" is currently edited by Alan Rusbridger. Its sister papers include "The Observer" (a British Sunday paper) and "The Guardian Weekly". It has two online outlets based outside the United Kingdom, Guardian Australia and Guardian US.
In August 2013, "The Guardian" in paper form had an average daily circulation of 189,000 copies, behind "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Times", but ahead of "The Independent". The newspaper's online edition was the third most widely read in the world as of June 2012. Its combined print and online editions reach nearly 9 million readers.
Founded in 1821 by John Edward Taylor in Manchester, the 11 members of the first Little Circle excluding William Cowdroy, Jnr. of the "Manchester Gazette" decided to advance their liberalist agenda. They helped then cotton merchant John Edward Taylor form the "Manchester Guardian", which he edited for the rest of his life and they all wrote for. With backing from the non-conformist Little Circle group of local businessmen, "The Manchester Guardian" replaced the radical "Manchester Observer", which championed the Peterloo Massacre protesters. The paper currently identifies with social liberalism. In the last UK general election in 2010, the paper supported the Liberal Democrats, who went on to form a coalition government with the Conservatives. The paper is influential in the design and publishing arena, sponsoring many awards in these areas.
"The Guardian" has changed format and design over the years, moving from broadsheet to Berliner. It has become an international media organisation with affiliations to other national papers with similar aims. "The Guardian Weekly", which circulates worldwide, contains articles from "The Guardian" and its sister Sunday paper "The Observer", as well as reports, features, and book reviews from "The Washington Post" and articles translated from "Le Monde". Other projects include "GuardianFilm", the current editorial director of which is Maggie O'Kane.
Recent notable scoops include the newspaper's breaking of the News International phone hacking scandal in 2011, particularly with the revelation of the hacking of murdered teenager Milly Dowler's phone. The investigation brought about the closure of one of the highest circulation newspapers in the world, the "News of the World". The newspaper also broke news of the secret collection of Verizon telephone records held by Barack Obama's administration in June 2013, and subsequently revealed the existence of the PRISM surveillance program after it was leaked to the paper by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden.
History.
1821 to 1972.
Early years.
"The Manchester Guardian" was founded in Manchester in 1821 by cotton merchant John Edward Taylor with backing from the Little Circle, a group of non-conformist businessmen. They launched their paper after the police closure of the more radical "Manchester Observer", the paper that had championed the cause of the Peterloo Massacre protesters. Taylor had been hostile to the radical reformers, writing: "(T)hey have appealed not to the reason but the passions and the suffering of their abused and credulous fellow-countrymen, from whose ill-requited industry they extort for themselves the means of a plentiful and comfortable existence. 'They do not toil, neither do they spin,' but they live better than those that do. When the government closed down the "Manchester Observer", the mill-owners' champions had the upper hand.
The influential journalist Jeremiah Garnett joined Taylor during the establishment of the paper, and all of the Little Circle wrote articles for the new paper.
The prospectus announcing the new publication proclaimed that it would "zealously enforce the principles of civil and religious Liberty ... warmly advocate the cause of Reform ... endeavour to assist in the diffusion of just principles of Political Economy and ... support, without reference to the party from which they emanate, all serviceable measures".
The working-class "Manchester and Salford Advertiser" called the "Manchester Guardian" "the foul prostitute and dirty parasite of the worst portion of the mill-owners". The "Manchester Guardian" was generally hostile to labour's claims. Of the 1832 Ten Hours Bill the paper doubted whether in view of the foreign competition "the passing of a law positively enacting a gradual destruction of the cotton manufacture in this kingdom would be a much less rational procedure." The "Manchester Guardian" dismissed strikes as the work of outside agitators – "... if an accommodation can be effected the occupation of the agents of the Union is gone. They live on strife ..."
"The Manchester Guardian" was highly critical of Abraham Lincoln's conduct during the American Civil War, writing on the news that Abraham Lincoln had been assassinated: "Of his rule, we can never speak except as a series of acts abhorrent to every true notion of constitutional right and human liberty ..."
C. P. Scott.
Its most famous editor, C. P. Scott, made the newspaper nationally recognised. He was editor for 57 years from 1872, and became its owner when he bought the paper from the estate of Taylor's son in 1907. Under Scott the paper's moderate editorial line became more radical, supporting Gladstone when the Liberals split in 1886, and opposing the Second Boer War against popular opinion. Scott supported the movement for women's suffrage, but was critical of any tactics by the Suffragettes that involved direct action: "The really ludicrous position is that Mr Lloyd George is fighting to enfranchise seven million women and the militants are smashing unoffending people's windows and breaking up benevolent societies' meetings in a desperate effort to prevent him". Scott thought the Suffragettes' "courage and devotion" was "worthy of a better cause and saner leadership". It has been argued that Scott's criticism reflected a widespread disdain, at the time, for those women who "transgressed the gender expectations of Edwardian society".
Scott commissioned J.M. Synge and his friend Jack Yeats to produce articles and drawings documenting the social conditions of the west of Ireland (pre-First World War), and these pieces were published in 1911 in the collection "Travels in Wicklow, West Kerry and Connemara".
Scott's friendship with Chaim Weizmann played a role in the Balfour Declaration of 1917, and in 1948 "The Guardian" was a supporter of the new State of Israel.
In June 1936, ownership of the paper passed to the Scott Trust (named after the last owner, John Russell Scott, who was the first chairman of the Trust). This move ensured the paper's independence.
Spanish Civil War.
Traditionally affiliated with the centrist to centre-left Liberal Party, and with a northern, non-conformist circulation base, the paper earned a national reputation and the respect of the left during the Spanish Civil War. With the pro-Liberal "News Chronicle", the Labour-supporting "Daily Herald", the Communist Party's "Daily Worker" and several Sunday and weekly papers, it supported the Republican government against General Francisco Franco's insurgent nationalists.
Post-war.
The paper so loathed Labour's left-wing champion Aneurin Bevan "and the hate-gospellers of his entourage" that it called for Attlee's post-war Labour government to be voted out of office. The newspaper opposed the creation of the National Health Service as it feared the state provision of healthcare would "eliminate selective elimination" and lead to an increase of congenitally deformed and feckless people.
Its anti-establishment stance fell short of opposing military intervention during the 1956 Suez Crisis: "The government is right to be prepared for military action at Suez", because Egyptian control of the canal would be "commercially damaging for the West, and perhaps part of a plan for creating a new Arab Empire based on the Nile."
1972 to 2000.
Northern Ireland.
When 13 civil rights demonstrators were killed on 30 January 1972, known as Bloody Sunday, by British soldiers in Northern Ireland, "The Guardian" blamed the protesters, stating, "The organisers of the demonstration, Miss Bernadette Devlin among them, deliberately challenged the ban on marches. They knew that stone throwing and sniping could not be prevented, and that the IRA might use the crowd as a shield." Many Irish people believed that the Widgery Tribunal's ruling on the killings was a whitewash, a view that was also supported later with the publication of the Saville inquiry in 2010, but in 1972 "The Guardian" declared that "Widgery's report is not one-sided" (20 April 1972). The paper at the time also supported internment without trial in Northern Ireland: "Internment without trial is hateful, repressive and undemocratic. In the existing Irish situation, most regrettably, it is also inevitable. ... .To remove the ringleaders, in the hope that the atmosphere might calm down, is a step to which there is no obvious alternative." And before then, "The Guardian" had called for British troops to be sent to the region: British soldiers could "present a more disinterested face of law and order", but only on condition that "Britain takes charge".
Social Democratic Party and New Labour.
Three of "The Guardian"'s four leader writers joined the SDP on its foundation in 1981, but the paper was enthusiastic in its support for Tony Blair in his bid to lead the Labour Party, and to become Prime Minister.
Sarah Tisdall.
In 1983, the paper was at the centre of a controversy surrounding documents regarding the stationing of cruise missiles in Britain that were leaked to "The Guardian" by civil servant Sarah Tisdall. The paper eventually complied with a court order to hand over the documents to the authorities, which resulted in a six-month prison sentence for Tisdall, though she served only four. "I still blame myself", said Peter Preston who was the editor of "The Guardian" at the time, but he went on to argue that the paper had no choice because it "believed in the rule of law".
First Gulf War.
In the lead up to the first Gulf War, between 1990 and 1991, "The Guardian" expressed doubts about military action against Iraq: "Frustration in the Gulf leads temptingly to the invocation of task forces and tactical bombing, but the military option is no option at all. The emergence yesterday of a potential hostage problem of vast dimensions only emphasised that this is far too complex a crisis for gunboat diplomacy. Loose talk of 'carpet bombing' Baghdad should be put back in the bottle of theoretical but unacceptable scenarios".
But on the eve of the war, the paper rallied to the war cause: "The simple cause, at the end, is just. An evil regime in Iraq instituted an evil and brutal invasion. Our soldiers and airmen are there, at UN behest, to set that evil to rights. Their duties are clear. ... Let the momentum, and the resolution, be swift." After the event, journalist Maggie O'Kane conceded that she and her colleagues had been a mouthpiece for war propaganda: "... we, the media, were harnessed like 2,000 beach donkeys and led through the sand to see what the British and US military wanted us to see in this nice clean war."
Journalist allegedly working for Russian intelligence services.
In 1995, KGB defector Oleg Gordievsky identified prominent "Guardian" editor Richard Gott as one of his agents. While Gott denied that he received cash, he confessed taking benefits from the KGB on a visit to the Soviet Union.
Gordievsky commented on the newspaper: "The KGB loved "The Guardian". It was deemed highly susceptible to penetration".
Jonathan Aitken.
In 1995, both the Granada Television programme "World In Action" and "The Guardian" were sued for libel by the then cabinet minister Jonathan Aitken, for their allegation that the Harrods owner Mohamed Al Fayed had paid for Aitken and his wife to stay at the Hôtel Ritz in Paris, which would have amounted to accepting a bribe on Aitken's part. Aitken publicly stated he would fight with "the simple sword of truth and the trusty shield of British fair play". The court case proceeded, and in 1997 "The Guardian" produced evidence that Aitken's claim of his wife paying for the hotel stay was untrue. In 1999, Aitken was jailed for perjury and perverting the course of justice.
Kosovo.
The paper supported NATO's military intervention in the Kosovo War in 1999. Though the United Nations Security Council did not support the action, "The Guardian" stated that "the only honourable course for Europe and America is to use military force". Mary Kaldor's piece was headlined "Bombs away! But to save civilians we must get in some soldiers too."
Since 2000.
In the early 2000s, "The Guardian" challenged the Act of Settlement 1701 and the Treason Felony Act 1848. In October 2004, "The Guardian" published a humorous column by Charlie Brooker in its entertainment guide, which appeared to call for the assassination of George W. Bush. This caused some controversy and the paper was forced to issue an apology and remove the article from its website. Following the 7 July 2005 London bombings, "The Guardian" published an article on its comment pages by Dilpazier Aslam, a 27-year-old British Muslim and journalism trainee from Yorkshire. Aslam was a member of Hizb ut-Tahrir, an Islamist group, and had published a number of articles on their website. According to the paper, it did not know that Aslam was a member of Hizb ut-Tahrir when he applied to become a trainee, though several staff members were informed of this once he started at the paper. The Home Office has claimed the group's "ultimate aim is the establishment of an Islamic state (Caliphate), according to Hizb ut-Tahrir via non-violent means". "The Guardian" asked Aslam to resign his membership of the group and, when he did not do so, terminated his employment. In early 2009, the paper started a tax investigation into a number of major UK companies, including publishing a database of the tax paid by the FTSE 100 companies. Internal documents relating to Barclays Bank's tax avoidance were removed from "The Guardian"'s website after Barclays obtained a gagging order. The paper played a pivotal role in exposing the depth of the News of the World phone hacking affair. "The Economist"′s "Intelligent Life" magazine opined that, As Watergate is to the "Washington Post", and thalidomide to the "Sunday Times", so phone-hacking will surely be to the "Guardian": a defining moment in its history. 
Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
During the Afghanistan and Iraq wars, "The Guardian" attracted a proportion of anti-war readers as one of the mass-media outlets most critical of UK and USA military initiatives. The paper did, however, endorse the argument that Iraq had to be disarmed of 'Weapons of Mass Destruction': "It is not credible to argue, as Iraq did in its initial reaction to Mr Powell the Security Council, that it is simply all lies. ... Iraq must disarm."
Accusations of anti-Semitism and bias in coverage of Israel.
In recent decades "The Guardian" has been accused of biased criticism of Israeli government policy. In December 2003, columnist Julie Burchill cited "striking bias against the state of Israel" as one of the reasons she left the paper for "The Times". A leaked report from the European Monitoring Centre on Racism cited "The Economist"'s claim that for "many British Jews," the British media's reporting on Israel "is spiced with a tone of animosity, 'as to smell of anti-Semitism' ... This is above all the case with the "Guardian" and "The Independent"".The EU said the report, dated February 2003 was not published because it was insubstantial in its current state and lacking sufficient evidence. Greville Janner, former president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, has accused "The Guardian" of being "viciously and notoriously anti-Israel".
Responding to these accusations, a "Guardian" editorial in 2002 condemned anti-Semitism and defended the paper's right to criticise the policies and actions of the Israeli government, arguing that those who view such criticism as inherently anti-Jewish are mistaken. Harriet Sherwood, then "The Guardian's" foreign editor, now its Jerusalem correspondent, has also denied "The Guardian" has an anti-Israel bias, saying that the paper aims to cover all viewpoints in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
On 6 November 2011, Chris Elliott, the "Guardian"s readers' editor, wrote that "Guardian reporters, writers and editors must be more vigilant about the language they use when writing about Jews or Israel," citing recent cases where "The Guardian" received complaints regarding language chosen to describe Jews or Israel. Elliott noted that, over nine months, he upheld complaints regarding language in certain articles that were seen as anti-Semitic, revising the language and footnoting this change.
"The Guardian"s style guide section referred to Tel Aviv as the capital of Israel in 2012, but this claim was later retracted by "The Guardian", saying, "We accept that it is wrong to state that Tel Aviv – the country's financial and diplomatic center – is the capital."
Clark County.
In August 2004, for the US presidential election, the daily "G2" supplement launched an experimental letter-writing campaign in Clark County, Ohio, an average-sized county in a swing state. The editor of the "G2" supplement Ian Katz bought a voter list from the county for $25 and asked readers to write to people listed as undecided in the election, giving them an impression of the international view and the importance of voting against US President George W. Bush. The paper scrapped "Operation Clark County" on 21 October 2004 after first publishing a column of responses — nearly all of them outraged — to the campaign under the headline "Dear Limey assholes".
Guardian America/ US.
In 2007, the paper launched a website Guardian America, an attempt to capitalise on its large online readership in the United States, which at the time stood at more than 5.9m. The company hired former American Prospect editor, "New York" magazine columnist and "New York Review of Books" writer Michael Tomasky to head up the project and hire a staff of American reporters and web editors. The site featured "Guardian" news relevant to an American audience: coverage of US news and the Middle East, for example.
Tomasky stepped down from his position as "Guardian" American editor in February 2009, ceding editing and planning duties to other US and London staff. He retained his position as a columnist and blogger, taking the title editor-at-large.
In October 2009, the company abandoned the "Guardian" America homepage, instead directing users to a US news index page on the main website. The next month, the company laid off six American employees, including a reporter, a multimedia producer and four web editors. The move came as Guardian News and Media opted to reconsider its US strategy amid a massive effort to cut costs across the company. In subsequent years, however, the Guardian has hired various commentators on US affairs including Ana Marie Cox, Michael Wolff, Naomi Wolf, Glenn Greenwald and former George W. Bush speechwriter Josh Treviño. Treviño's first blog post was an apology for a controversial tweet posted in June 2011 over the second Gaza flotilla, the controversy over which had been revived by the appointment.
Guardian US launched in September 2011, led by editor-in-chief Janine Gibson, and replaced the previous Guardian America service.
Gagged from reporting Parliament.
In October 2009, "The Guardian" reported that it was forbidden to report on a parliamentary matter, namely a question recorded in a Commons order paper, to be answered by a minister later that week. The paper noted that it was being "forbidden from telling its readers why the paper is prevented—for the first time in memory—from reporting parliament. Legal obstacles, which cannot be identified, involve proceedings, which cannot be mentioned, on behalf of a client who must remain secret. The only fact the "Guardian" can report is that the case involves the London solicitors Carter-Ruck." The paper further claimed that this case appears "to call into question privileges guaranteeing free speech established under the 1688 Bill of Rights". The only parliamentary question mentioning Carter Ruck in the relevant period was by Paul Farrelly MP, in reference to legal action by Barclays and Trafigura. into the 2006 Côte d'Ivoire toxic waste dump scandal, which involved a class action case that the company only settled in September 2009 after "The Guardian" published some of the commodity trader's internal emails. The reporting injunction was lifted the next day, as Carter Ruck withdrew it before "The Guardian" could challenge it in the High Court. Alan Rusbridger credited the rapid back-down of Carter-Ruck to Twitter, as did a BBC article.
The Edward Snowden leaks and intervention by the UK government.
In June 2013 the newspaper broke news of the secret collection of Verizon telephone records held by Barack Obama's administration in June 2013, and subsequently revealed the existence of the PRISM surveillance program after it was leaked to the paper by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden. The newspaper was subsequently contacted by the British government's Cabinet Secretary, Sir Jeremy Heywood, under instruction from the Prime Minister David Cameron and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, who ordered that the hard drives containing the information must be destroyed. The Guardian's offices were then visited in July by agents from the UK's GCHQ, who supervised the destruction of the hard drives containing information acquired from Snowden.
Ownership.
"The Guardian" is part of the GMG Guardian Media Group of newspapers, radio stations, print media including "The Observer" Sunday newspaper, "The Guardian Weekly" international newspaper, and new media—"Guardian Abroad" website, and "guardian.co.uk". All the aforementioned were owned by The Scott Trust, a charitable foundation existing between 1936 and 2008, which aimed to ensure the paper's editorial independence in perpetuity, maintaining its financial health to ensure it did not become vulnerable to take overs by for-profit media groups. At the beginning of October 2008, the Scott Trusts assets were transferred to a new limited company, The Scott Trust Limited, with the intention being that the original trust would be wound up. Dame Liz Forgan, chair of the Scott Trust, reassured staff that the purposes of the new company remained as under the previous arrangements.
"The Guardian" has been consistently loss-making. The National Newspaper division of GMG, which also includes "The Observer", reported operating losses of £49.9m in 2006, up from £18.6m in 2005. The paper is therefore heavily dependent on cross-subsidisation from profitable companies within the group, including "Auto Trader".
"The Guardian"'s ownership by the Scott Trust is probably a factor in its being the only British national daily to conduct (since 2003) an annual social, ethical and environmental audit in which it examines, under the scrutiny of an independent external auditor, its own behaviour as a company. It is also the only British daily national newspaper to employ an internal ombudsman (called the "readers' editor") to handle complaints and corrections.
"The Guardian" and its parent groups participate in Project Syndicate, established by George Soros, and intervened in 1995 to save the "Mail & Guardian" in South Africa, but Guardian Media Group sold the majority of its shares in the "Mail & Guardian" in 2002.
The continual losses made by the National Newspaper division of the Guardian Media Group caused the group to dispose of its Regional Media division by selling titles to competitor Trinity Mirror in March 2010. This included the flagship "Manchester Evening News", and severed the historic link between that paper and "The Guardian". The sale was in order to safeguard the future of "The Guardian" newspaper as is the intended purpose of the Scott Trust.
In June 2011 Guardian News and Media revealed increased annual losses of £33m and announced that it was looking to focus on its online edition for news coverage, leaving a physical newspaper that was to contain more comment and features. It was also speculated that the "Guardian" may become the first British national daily paper to go solely online.
For the three years up to June 2012, the paper lost £100,000 a day, which prompted "Intelligent Life" to question whether "The Guardian" can survive.
Political stance and editorial opinion.
Founded by textile traders and merchants, "The Guardian" had a reputation as "an organ of the middle class", or in the words of C.P. Scott's son Ted "a paper that will remain bourgeois to the last". "I write for the "Guardian"," said Sir Max Hastings in 2005, "because it is read by the new establishment", reflecting the paper's then growing influence.
The paper's readership is generally on the mainstream left of British political opinion: a MORI poll taken between April and June 2000 showed that 80% of "Guardian" readers were Labour Party voters; according to another MORI poll taken in 2005, 48% of "Guardian" readers were Labour voters and 34% Liberal Democrat voters. The newspaper's reputation as a platform for liberal and left-wing opinions has led to the use of the epithet ""Guardian" reader" as a label for middle-class people holding such views, or sometimes as a negative stereotype of such people as middle class, earnest and politically correct.
"Guardian" features editor Ian Katz stated in 2004 that "...  it is no secret we are a centre-left newspaper ...". In 2008, "Guardian" columnist Jackie Ashley said that editorial contributors were a mix of "right-of-centre libertarians, greens, Blairites, Brownites, Labourite but less enthusiastic Brownites, etc" and that the newspaper was "clearly left of centre and vaguely progressive". She also said that "you can be absolutely certain that come the next general election, "The Guardian"'s stance will not be dictated by the editor, still less any foreign proprietor (it helps that there isn't one) but will be the result of vigorous debate within the paper." The paper's comment and opinion pages, though often written by centre-left contributors such as Polly Toynbee, have allowed some space for right-of-centre voices such as Max Hastings and Michael Gove. Since an editorial in 2000, "The Guardian" has favoured abolition of the British monarchy.
In the run-up to the 2010 general election, following a meeting of the editorial staff, the paper declared its support for the Liberal Democrats, in particular due to the party's stance on electoral reform. The paper suggested tactical voting to prevent a Conservative victory, given Britain's first-past-the-post electoral system.
Assistant Editor Michael White, in discussing media self-censorship in March 2011, says: "I have always sensed liberal, middle class ill-ease in going after stories about immigration, legal or otherwise, about welfare fraud or the less attractive tribal habits of the working class, which is more easily ignored altogether. Toffs, including royal ones, Christians, especially popes, governments of Israel, and US Republicans are more straightforward targets."
Circulation and format.
"The Guardian" had a certified average daily circulation of 204,222 copies in December 2012 — a drop of 11.25% on January 2012 — as compared to sales of 547,465 for "The Daily Telegraph", 396,041 for "The Times", and 78,082 for "The Independent". In March 2013, its average daily circulation had fallen to 193,586, according to the Audit Bureau of Circulations.
Publication history.
The first edition was published on 5 May 1821, at which time "The Guardian" was a weekly, published on Saturdays and costing 7d.; the stamp duty on newspapers (4d. per sheet) forced the price up so high that it was uneconomic to publish more frequently. When the stamp duty was cut in 1836 "The Guardian" added a Wednesday edition; with the abolition of the tax in 1855 it became a daily paper costing 2d.
In 1952, the paper took the step of printing news on the front page, replacing the adverts that had hitherto filled that space. Then-editor A. P. Wadsworth wrote: "It is not a thing I like myself, but it seems to be accepted by all the newspaper pundits that it is preferable to be in fashion."
In 1959, the paper dropped "Manchester" from its title, becoming simply "The Guardian", and in 1964 it moved to London, losing some of its regional agenda but continuing to be heavily subsidised by sales of the less intellectual but much more profitable "Manchester Evening News". The financial position remained extremely poor into the 1970s; at one time it was in merger talks with "The Times". The paper consolidated its centre-left stance during the 1970s and 1980s but was both shocked and revitalised by the launch of "The Independent" in 1986 which competed for a similar readership and provoked the entire broadsheet industry into a fight for circulation.
On 12 February 1988, "The Guardian" had a significant redesign; as well as improving the quality of its printers' ink, it also changed its masthead to a juxtaposition of an italic Garamond ""The"", with a bold Helvetica "Guardian", that remained in use until the 2005 redesign.
In 1992, it relaunched its features section as "G2", a tabloid-format supplement. This innovation was widely copied by the other "quality" broadsheets, and ultimately led to the rise of "compact" papers and "The Guardian"'s move to the Berliner format. In 1993 the paper declined to participate in the broadsheet price war started by Rupert Murdoch's "The Times". In June 1993, "The Guardian" bought "The Observer" from Lonrho, thus gaining a serious Sunday newspaper partner with similar political views.
Its international weekly edition is now titled "The Guardian Weekly", though it retained the title "Manchester Guardian Weekly" for some years after the home edition had moved to London. It includes sections from a number of other internationally significant newspapers of a somewhat left-of-centre inclination, including "Le Monde" and "The Washington Post". "The Guardian Weekly" is also linked to a website for expatriates, Guardian Abroad, which was launched in 2007 but had been taken offline by 2012.
"G24" is a constantly updated electronic newspaper available free of charge. It is downloadable as a PDF file. The contents come from "The Guardian" and its Sunday sibling "The Observer".
Moving to the Berliner paper format.
"The Guardian" is printed in full colour, and was the first newspaper in the UK to use the Berliner format for its main section, while producing sections and supplements in a range of page sizes including tabloid, approximately A4, and pocket-size (approximately A5).
In 2004, "The Guardian" announced plans to change to a "Berliner" or "midi" format similar to that used by "Die Tageszeitung" in Germany, "Le Monde" in France and many other European papers; at 470×315 mm, this is slightly larger than a traditional tabloid. Planned for the autumn of 2005, this change followed the moves by "The Independent" and "The Times" to start publishing in tabloid (or compact) format. On Thursday 1 September 2005 "The Guardian" announced that it would launch the new format on Monday 12 September 2005.
The advantage that "The Guardian" saw in the Berliner format was that though it is only a little wider than a tabloid, and is thus equally easy to read on public transport, its greater height gives more flexibility in page design. The new presses mean that printing can go right across the "gutter", the strip down the middle of the centre page, allowing the paper to print striking double page pictures. The new presses also made the paper the first UK national able to print in full colour on every page.
The format switch was accompanied by a comprehensive redesign of the paper's look. On Friday 9 September 2005, the newspaper unveiled its new-look front page, which débuted on Monday 12 September 2005. Designed by Mark Porter, the new look includes a new masthead for the newspaper, its first since 1988. A typeface family designed by Paul Barnes and Christian Schwartz was created for the new design. With just over 200 fonts, it is "one of the most ambitious custom type programs ever commissioned by a newspaper."
Especially notable is Guardian Egyptian, a highly legible slab serif that is used in various weights for both text and headlines and is central to the redesign.
The switch cost Guardian Newspapers £80 million and involved setting up new printing presses in east London and Manchester. This was because, before "The Guardian"'s move, no printing presses in Britain could produce newspapers in the Berliner format. There were additional complications as one of the paper's presses was part-owned by "Telegraph Newspapers" and "Express Newspapers", and it was contracted to use the plant until 2009. Another press was shared with the Guardian Media Group's north-western tabloid local papers, which did not wish to switch to the Berliner format.
Reception.
The new format was generally well received by "Guardian" readers, who were encouraged to provide feedback on the changes. The only controversy was over the dropping of the "Doonesbury" cartoon strip. The paper reported thousands of calls and emails complaining about its loss; within 24 hours the decision was reversed and the strip was reinstated the following week. "G2" supplement editor Ian Katz, who was responsible for dropping it, apologised in the editors' blog saying, "I'm sorry, once again, that I made you—and the hundreds of fellow fans who have called our helpline or mailed our comments' address—so cross". Some readers were, however, dissatisfied as the earlier deadline needed for the all-colour sports section meant that coverage of late-finishing evening football matches became less satisfactory in the editions supplied to some parts of the country.
The investment was rewarded with a circulation rise. In December 2005, the average daily sale stood at 380,693, nearly 6% higher than the figure for December 2004. (However as of December 2012, circulation has since dropped to 204,222.) In 2006, the US-based Society for News Design chose "The Guardian" and Polish daily "Rzeczpospolita" as the world's best-designed newspapers—from among 389 entries from 44 countries.
Regular content and features.
On each weekday "The Guardian" comes with the "G2" supplement containing feature articles, columns, television and radio listings, and the quick crossword. Since the change to the Berliner format, there is a separate daily Sport section. Other regular supplements during the week are shown below.
Before the redesign in 2005, the main news section was in the large broadsheet format, but the supplements were all in the half-sized tabloid format, with the exception of the glossy "Weekend" section, which was a 290×245 mm magazine, and "The Guide", which was in a small 225×145 mm format.
With the change of the main section to the Berliner format, the specialist sections are now printed as Berliner, as is a now-daily Sports section, but "G2" has moved to a "magazine-sized" demi-Berliner format. A Thursday Technology section and daily science coverage in the news section replaced Life and Online. "Weekend" and "The Guide" are still in the same small formats as before the change.
On Monday to Thursday prior to the recession, the supplements carried substantial quantities of recruitment advertising as well as editorial on their specialised topics. However, this has diminished since the onset of recession, to the point that the supplements have been seriously contracted or no longer appear as independent sections. The formerly sixty-page-thick "Society" supplement (Wednesday) is now no more and has been absorbed into the main part of the paper.
"G2" and other supplements.
The following sections are in "G2" every day from Monday to Friday: Arts, TV and Radio, Puzzles.
Sport:
In "G2":
MediaGuardian:
EducationGuardian:
In "G2":
SocietyGuardian (covers the British public sector and related issues)
In "G2":
Formerly TechnologyGuardian (print version ceased to appear from 17 December 2009)
In "G2":
Film & Music supplement
"The Guide" (a weekly listings magazine)
"Weekend" (supplement)
"Review" (covers literature, cinema, the arts)
"Money"
"Work" including "Graduate"
"Travel"
"Family"
Regular cartoon strips.
Editorial cartoonists Martin Rowson and Steve Bell have received hate mail for their treatment of topics that some deem controversial.
Online media.
"The Guardian" and its Sunday sibling "The Observer" publish all their news online, with free access both to current news and an archive of three million stories. A third of the site's hits are for items over a month old. The website also offers "G24", a free printable A4 format PDF 24-hour newspaper containing the top stories and, for a monthly subscription, the complete newspaper in PDF format. it is the second most popular UK newspaper website, behind the "Daily Mail"'s "Mail Online", with a daily average of 2,937,070 browsers to the Mail's 4,838,140, and in April 2011 MediaWeek reported that it is the fifth most popular newspaper site in the world.
The Comment is Free section features columns by the paper's journalists and regular commentators, as well as articles from guest writers, with readers comments and responses below. The section includes all the opinion pieces published in the paper itself, as well as many others that only appear online. Censorship is exercised by Moderators who can ban posts – with no right of appeal – by those who they feel have overstepped the mark.
"The Guardian" has taken what they call a very "open" stance in delivering news, and have launched an open platform for their content. This allows external developers to easily use "Guardian" content in external applications, and even to feed third-party content back into the Guardian network.
"The Guardian" also had a number of talkboards that were noted for their mix of political discussion and whimsy, until they were closed on Friday 25 February 2011. They were spoofed in "The Guardian's" own regular humorous "Chatroom" column in "G2". The spoof column purported to be excerpts from a chatroom on permachat.co.uk, a real URL which pointed to "The Guardian's" talkboards.
On August 2013 a webshow titled "Thinkfluencer" was launched by Guardian Multimedia in association with Arte.
The paper has also launched a dating website, "Soulmates", and is experimenting with new media, having previously offered a free twelve part weekly podcast series by Ricky Gervais. In January 2006 Gervais' show topped the iTunes podcast chart having been downloaded by two million listeners worldwide, and is scheduled to be listed in the 2007 "Guinness Book of Records" as the most downloaded podcast.
GuardianFilms.
In 2003, "The Guardian" started the film production company GuardianFilms, headed by journalist Maggie O'Kane. Much of the company's output is documentary made for television– and it has included Salam Pax's "Baghdad Blogger" for BBC Two's daily flagship "Newsnight", some of which have been shown in compilations by "CNN International", "Sex On The Streets" and "Spiked", both made for the UK's Channel 4 television.
"GuardianFilms was born in a sleeping bag in the Burmese rainforest," wrote O'Kane in 2003. "I was a foreign correspondent for the paper, and it had taken me weeks of negotiations, dealing with shady contacts and a lot of walking to reach the cigar-smoking Karen twins– the boy soldiers who were leading attacks against the country's ruling junta. After I had reached them and written a cover story for the newspaper's "G2" section, I got a call from the BBC's documentary department, which was researching a film on child soldiers. Could I give them all my contacts?
"The plight of the Karen people, who were forced into slave labour in the rainforest to build pipelines for oil companies (some of them British), was a tale of human suffering that needed to be told by any branch of the media that was interested. I handed over all the names and numbers I had, as well as details of the secret route through Thailand to get into Burma. Good girl. Afterwards– and not for the first time– it seemed to me that we at "The Guardian" should be using our resources ourselves. Instead of providing contact numbers for any independent TV company prepared to get on the phone to a journalist, we should make our own films."
According to GuardianFilms's own webpage, its international work has focused on training talented local journalists based on the premise that "the era of a traditional London or Washington based foreign correspondent or fireman is coming to an end and the world urgently needs a more searching challenging journalism brought to us by people who speak the language and can secure access far beyond the "Green Zone Journalist" limits of the traditional correspondent." It says it is especially focused on reporting the Muslim world in a more challenging manner, and has trained a number of journalists in Iraq, Afghanistan and Zimbabwe.
GuardianFilms has received several broadcasting awards. In addition to two Amnesty International Media Awards in 2004 and 2005, "The Baghdad Blogger: Salam Pax" won a Royal Television Society Award in 2005. "Baghdad: A Doctor's Story" won an Emmy Award for Best International Current Affairs film in 2007. In 2008, photojournalist Sean Smith's "Inside the Surge" won the Royal Television Society award for best international news film – the first time a newspaper has won such an award. The same year, "The Guardian"'s Katine website was awarded for its outstanding new media output at the One World Media awards. Again in 2008, GuardianFilms' undercover video report revealing vote rigging by Robert Mugabe's Zanu PF party during the 2007 Zimbabwe election won best news programme of the year at the Broadcast Awards.
References in popular culture.
The paper's nickname The Grauniad originated with the satirical magazine "Private Eye". This anagram played on "The Guardian's" reputation for frequent typographical errors, such as misspelling its own name as "The ". The domain grauniad.co.uk is registered to the paper and redirects to their website.
The very first issue of the newspaper contained a number of errors, perhaps the most notable being a notification that there would soon be some goods sold at "" instead of "auction". Fewer typographical errors in the paper exist since the end of hot-metal typesetting. One of their writers, Keith Devlin, suggested that the high number of observed misprints was due more to the quality of the readership than their greater frequency. In fact, the problems were due to the difficulties of simultaneously editing the newspaper in both London and Manchester with analogue printing machines linked by telephone lines.
Awards.
Received.
"The Guardian" has been awarded the "National Newspaper of the Year" in 1999, 2006 and 2011 by the British Press Awards, and "Front Page of the Year" in 2002 ("A declaration of war", 12 September 2001.). It was also co-winner of the "World's Best-designed Newspaper" as awarded by the Society for News Design (2006).
"Guardian" journalists have won a range of British Press Awards, including
Other awards include:
The "guardian.co.uk" website won the Best Newspaper category three years running in 2005, 2006 and 2007 Webby Awards, beating (in 2005) "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "The Wall Street Journal" and "Variety". It has been the winner for six years in a row of the British Press Awards for Best Electronic Daily Newspaper. The site won an "Eppy" award from the US-based magazine "Editor & Publisher" in 2000 for the best-designed newspaper online service. The website is known for its commentary on sporting events, particularly its over-by-over cricket commentary.
In 2007 the newspaper was ranked first in a study on transparency that analysed 25 mainstream English-language media vehicles, which was conducted by the International Center for Media and the Public Agenda of the University of Maryland. It scored 3.8 out of a possible 4.0.
Given.
"The Guardian" is the sponsor of two major literary awards: The Guardian First Book Award, established in 1999 as a successor to the Guardian Fiction Award, which had run since 1965, and the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize, founded in 1967. In recent years the newspaper has also sponsored the Hay Festival in Hay-on-Wye.
The annual Guardian Student Media Awards, founded in 1999, recognise excellence in journalism and design of British university and college student newspapers, magazines and websites.
In memory of Paul Foot, who died in 2004, "The Guardian" and "Private Eye" jointly set up the "Paul Foot Award", with an annual £10,000 prize fund, for investigative or campaigning journalism.
The Guardian News & Media Archive.
"The Guardian" and its sister newspaper "The Observer" opened "The Newsroom", an archive and visitor centre in London, in 2002. The centre preserved and promoted the histories and values of the newspapers through its archive, educational programmes and exhibitions. The Newsroom's activities all transferred to Kings Place in 2008. Now known as the Guardian News & Media Archive, the archive preserves and promotes the histories and values of "The Guardian" and "The Observer" newspapers by collecting and making accessible material that provides an accurate and comprehensive history of the papers. The archive holds official records of "The Guardian" and "The Observer" and also seeks to acquire material from individuals who have been associated with the papers. As well as corporate records, the archive holds correspondence, diaries, notebooks, original cartoons and photographs belonging to staff of the papers. This material may be consulted by members of the public by prior appointment. There is also an extensive "Manchester Guardian" archive at the University of Manchester's John Rylands University Library and there is a collaboration programme between the two archives. The British Library also has a large archive of "The Manchester Guardian", available in online, hard copy, microform, and CD-ROM in their
British Library Newspapers collection.
In November 2007 "The Guardian" and "The Observer" made their archives available over the internet via DigitalArchive. The current extent of the archives available are 1821 to 2000 for "The Guardian" and 1791 to 2000 for "The Observer": these archives will eventually run up to 2003.
The Newsroom's other components were also transferred to Kings Place in 2008. "The Guardians Education Centre provides a range of educational programmes for students and adults. "The Guardians exhibition space was also moved to Kings Place, and has a rolling programme of exhibitions that investigate and reflect upon aspects of news and newspapers and the role of journalism. This programme often draws on the archive collections held in the GNM Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="19344525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344525" title="Joseph H. Bearns Prize">
Joseph H. Bearns Prize

The Joseph H. Bearns Prize in Music was established on February 3, 1921 by Lillia M. Bearns, in memory of her father. It was her desire to encourage talented young composers in the United States. The Prize, administered by Columbia University, is open to United States citizens who are at least 18 and no more than 25 years of age, and is divided among larger-form works (orchestral, choral, etc.) and smaller-form works (soli, quartet, sextet, etc.). The Prize is one of the largest given to young American composers, totaling $7200 in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19344537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344537" title="Eigil Nielsen (footballer born 1948)">
Eigil Nielsen (footballer born 1948)

Eigil Nielsen (born 6 December 1948 in Tårs, Hjørring) is a former Danish footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1960s, 1970's and 1980s.
Nielsen began his career in 1966 at Hjørring before moving to KB in 1970. In 1971, he signed for Switzerland's Winterthur and he played there until 1973, when he returned to Hjørring. He went back to Switzerland in 1977, with Basel. Then, in 1978 Lucerne signed him and he retired in 1981.
He was capped ten times by the Danish national team, making his international debut in Denmark's 3-2 win over Japan on 28 July 1971 in Parken, Copenhagen. His last match for the national team was in a 6-1 defeat to Romania on 23 August 1975 in Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="19344539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344539" title="Otto &amp; George">
Otto &amp; George

Otto & George is an adult-themed ventriloquist comedy team composed of comedian Otto Petersen (born July 29, 1960) and his dummy George Dudley. Petersen began performing with George as a street act in Manhattan and Brooklyn in the early 1970s. In the late 70s the act moved into night clubs and began to evolve into the "x-rated" current act. 
Background.
Otto & George are frequent guests on the Opie and Anthony radio show, have appeared on the Late Show with David Letterman, The Howard Stern Show, Penn & Teller's Sin City Spectacular & programs, and Showtime's "Full Frontal Comedy". The duo have also appeared in the feature films "Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen" with Chris Rock and Tim Allen, and performed a version of the "The Aristocrats" joke in Paul Provenza's & Penn Jilette's film of the same name. 
Performing for over 30 years, Otto is well renowned as both a comedian and a ventriloquist. One notable aspect of his ventriloquism is that his lips still move while he speaks with the George voice, but the illusion of there being a different speaker is made with the sharp contrast in the George voice with his own. Otto speaks with a low, rather nervous voice whereas George speaks in a loud, harsher voice.
The team's latest venture is their internet variety show, The Pig Roast with Otto & George.
Otto & George perform all over the U.S. and Canada. The duo have performed several times at the annual Just For Laughs Comedy Festal in Montréal Canada.
Otto cites the legendary ventriloquist Paul Winchell as his inspiration after watching him on television in the 1960s.
Otto fell ill last month with Bacterial Meningitis and was placed in a coma for over a week.
Filmography.
Feature films.
"I'm No Dummy" (2008)
"The Aristocrats" (2005)
American Dummy (2002)
White Chicks Incorporated (1998)
The Force Within (1993)
Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen (1988)
Television.
Penn & Teller's Bullshit! (2007)
Late Show with David Letterman (2007)
Howard Stern (4 Episodes 2002)
Full Frontal Comedy (1996)
Playboy Channel's 'The Club' (1990)
The Morton Downey Jr. Show (1988)
The Joe Franklin Show

</doc>
