<doc id="19136939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136939" title="Give Me Light">
Give Me Light

Give Me Light is the fourth studio album album by the German gothic metal band Darkseed. It was released in 1999, with Nuclear Blast.
Lineup.
Guest Musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="19136941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136941" title="Eske Willerslev">
Eske Willerslev

Eske Willerslev is a Danish evolutionary biologist notable for his pioneering work on Ancient DNA. He is currently a full professor at Copenhagen University and leader of the Ancient DNA and Evolution Group. He has received the Genius Award (Geniusprisen) of Danish Science journalists for his combination of groundbreaking research with an aggressive media strategy. Before becoming a scientist he lived for several years as a trapper in Siberia with his twin brother, anthropologist Rane Willerslev. 
His group is interested in understanding what caused the decreases in diversity of Megafauna after the last ice age and also tries to develop techniques to recover DNA mostly from ice preserved specimens, such as DNA from sediments in ice cores and fossil bones found in permafrost. In 2010, a team led by Prof. Willerslev sequenced the genome of a 4.000 year old man from the Saqqaq culture of Greenland from his hair.

</doc>
<doc id="19136948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136948" title="Bildøy">
Bildøy

Bildøy is an island between Litlesotra (to its west) and Store Sotra (to its east), in the municipality of Fjell in Hordaland, Norway. An upper secondary school and a lower secondary school are located on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19136949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136949" title="Eva Watson-Schütze">
Eva Watson-Schütze

Eva Watson-Schütze (1867–1935) was an American photographer and painter who was one of the founding members of the Photo-Secession.
Life.
Watson-Schütze, née Eva Lawrence Watson, was born in Jersey City, New Jersey on September 16, 1867. Her parents were Dr. John and Mary Lawrence Watson, whose family had come from Scotland. She was the youngest of four children, but little else is known about her family or early childhood.
In 1883, when she was sixteen, she enrolled in the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia, where she studied under well-known painter and photographer Thomas Eakins. Her interests at that time were watercolor and oil painting, and it’s unknown if she took any interests in Eakins’ photography.
Around 1890s Watson began to develop a passion for photography, and soon she decided to make it her career. Between 1894 and 1896 she shared a photographic studio with Amelia Van Buren another Academy alumna in Philadelphia, and the following year she opened her own portrait studio. She quickly became known for her pictorialist style, and soon her studio was known as a gathering place for photographers who championed this aesthetic vision.
In 1897 she wrote to photographer Frances Benjamin Johnston about her belief in women’s future in photography: “There will be a new era, and women will fly into photography.” 
In 1898 six of her photographs were chosen to be exhibited at the first Philadelphia Photographic Salon, where she exhibited under the name Eva Lawrence Watson. It was through this exhibition that she became acquainted with Alfred Stieglitz, who was one of the judges for the exhibit.
In 1899 she was elected as a member of the Photographic Society of Philadelphia. Photographer and critic Joseph Keiley praised the work she exhibited that year, saying she showed “delicate taste and artistic originality”.
The following year she was a member of the jury for the Philadelphia Photographic Salon. A sign of her stature as a photographer at that time may be seen by looking at the other members of the jury, who were Alfred Stieglitz, Gertrude Kasebier, Frank Eugene and Clarence H. White.
In 1900 Johnston asked her to submit work for a groundbreaking exhibition of American women photographers in Paris. Watson objected at first, saying “It has been one of my special hobbies – and one I have been very emphatic about, not to have my work represented as ‘women’s work’. I want work judged by only one standard irrespective of sex.” Johnston persisted, however, and Watson had twelve prints – the largest number of any photographer – in the show that took place in 1901.
In 1901 she married Professor Martin Schütze, a German-born and -trained lawyer who had received his Ph.D. in German literature from the University of Pennsylvania in 1899. He took a teaching position in Chicago, where the couple soon moved.
That same year she was elected a member of The Linked Ring. She found the ability to correspond with some of the most progressive photographers of the day very invigorating, and she began to look for similar connections in the U.S.
In 1902 she suggested the idea of forming an association of independent and like-minded photographers to Alfred Stieglitz. They corresponded several times about this idea, and by the end of the year she joined Stieglitz as one of the founding members of the famous Photo-Secession. 
About 1903 Watson-Schütze began to spend summers in Woodstock at the Byrdcliffe Colony in the Catskill Mountains of New York. She and her husband later bought land nearby and built a home they called “Hohenwiesen” (High Meadows) where she would spend most of her summer and autumn months from about 1910 until about 1925.
In 1905 Joseph Keiley wrote a lengthy article about her in "Camera Work" saying she was “one of the staunchest and sincerest upholders of the pictorial movement in America.” 
As she began to spend more time at Byrdcliffe her interests in painting were reawakened, and within a few years she was spending more time in front of a canvas than behind a camera. She became a student of William Emile Schumacher, an American painter who exhibited at the famous Armory Show of 1913. After 1910 she made fewer and fewer photographs, and by 1920 she had ceased photography except for family photos.
In 1929 Watson-Schütze became the director of The Renaissance Society, a non-collecting museum founded in 1915 at the University of Chicago. Under Watson-Schütze's direction from 1929 to 1935, the society presented groundbreaking exhibitions of early modernists such as Pablo Picasso, Georges Braque, Marc Chagall, Jean Arp, Joan Miró, and Constantin Brâncuși. It was said of her tenure there, "In those six years she transformed the group from a largely amateurish, unfocused organization into an internationally recognized, truly vanguard institution advancing a rigorous modernist agenda."
Watson-Schütze died in Chicago in 1935. Later that year the Renaissance Society held a memorial exhibition of her work. It included 32 paintings and 2 drawings but none of her photographs.
Since Watson-Schütze's death there have been two retrospective exhibitions of her photographs: "Eva Watson-Schütze, Chicago Photo-Secessionist," (ISBN 0-943056-06-3) at the University of Chicago Library in 1985, and "Eva Watson-Schütze, Photographer," (ISBN13: 978-0-615-25832-4) at the Samuel Dorsky Museum Art at the State University of New York at New Paltz in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19136961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136961" title="Takumi">
Takumi

Takumi (匠) is a Japanese word meaning "artisan". It is also a masculine Japanese given name or a surname using various kanji characters. The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.
Possible writings.
Takumi can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19136992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136992" title="Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein">
Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein

Friedrich Ferdinand of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (12 October 1855, Kiel, Duchy of Holstein – 21 January 1934, Luisenlund, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany) was the fourth Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg
Family and succession.
Friedrich Ferdinand was the eldest son of Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Princess Adelheid of Schaumburg-Lippe and a nephew of Christian IX of Denmark. Friedrich Ferdinand succeeded to the headship of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and title duke upon the death of his father on 27 November 1885. When the Head of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg Albert, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein died on 27 April 1931, Friedrich Ferdinand became the Head of the House of Oldenburg and inherited the titles of Duke of Augustenborg and Duke of Schleswig-Holstein.
Marriage and issue.
Friedrich Ferdinand married Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg, daughter of Frederick VIII, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Adelheid of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, on 19 March 1885 at Primkenau. Friedrich Ferdinand and Karoline Mathilde had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="19136997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136997" title="Space Battleship Yamato III">
Space Battleship Yamato III

Plot.
The plot centers about the drama which ensues when a stray proton missile, from a battle between the Galman Empire and the Bolar Federation, crashes into the sun causing nuclear fusion to accelerate to unsafe levels. The Yamato and crew must then set out on a mission to look for a new world for the human race. They must do so in less than one year. The English adaptation was known as Star Blazers: The Bolar Wars There were plans for a fourth season, an American-produced sequel, but it never materialised. A planned web comic series based on "Space Battleship Yamato III" is scheduled to be released for October 2009.
Over the course of the story, the Yamato and crew must complete their mission of finding a new home for Earthlings amidst the strife caused by the Galman-Bolar conflict. The Galmans, we learn, are the ancestral race from which the Gamilas came. After the battle with the Dark Nebula Empire ended, a battle which destroyed the planet Gamilas, Desler and his remaining forces set out to search for this ancestral homeland. They found Galman, enslaved by the cruel grey-skinned aliens known as the Bolars. They promptly liberated Galman, and a galaxy-wide war ensued.
The Yamato and crew eventually catch up with Desler, who is deeply remorseful that Earth has been dragged into this conflict. Desler dispatches a team of Gamilas-Galman scientists to attempt to restore the Sun. This effort ultimately fails.
During the course of the mission, the Yamato rescues Ruda, the exiled queen of the mysterious and hidden planet, Shalbart. It turns out that she is worshipped by peace-seeking factions within both the Galman and Bolar empires, and is wanted (preferably dead) by both governments which fear her influence. This puts a strain on the fragile alliance between Earth and the Galmans, and causes the Bolars to declare outright war against Earth.
Earth is finally saved when the Yamato brings Ruda to Shalbart, and she decides to give the Earthlings a device (the Hydro-Cosmogen Gun) that can restore the Sun's natural fusion balance. But even this only succeeds after some ultimate sacrifices on the part of some of Yamato's crew.

</doc>
<doc id="19137022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137022" title="Buckeye Check Cashing, Inc. v. Cardegna">
Buckeye Check Cashing, Inc. v. Cardegna

Buckeye Check Cashing Inc. v. Cardegna, 546 U.S. 440 (2006), is a United States Supreme Court case concerning contract law and arbitration. The case arose from a class action filed in Florida against a payday lender alleging the loan agreements the plaintiffs had signed were unenforceable because they essentially charged a higher interest rate than that permitted under Florida law.
The lending agreements called for all disputes between the borrower and lender to be settled in arbitration. The original plaintiffs argued that the entire contract, including the arbitration clause, was invalid because it violated the law. When it was appealed to the High Court, Justice Antonin Scalia wrote for a majority of seven that the Federal Arbitration Act, as previously interpreted by the Court, settled a question that had long been debated by legal scholars and lower-court judges. The opinion distinguished void and voidable contracts, requiring that in the latter an arbitrator rule on all issues including the legality of the contract unless the arbitration clause was itself challenged. The only dissenter was Clarence Thomas, who restated his belief that the Arbitration Act does not supersede state law.
Background of the case.
In 1978, the court's "Marquette Bank" decision, which held that under the National Banking Act of 1863 states could not enforce their anti-usury laws against nationally-chartered banks based in other states, opened the door to increased credit card spending by Americans. Other forms of consumer credit, such as title and payday loans, became available for those who could not get even the most restrictive credit cards available. Social activists criticized the banks and companies that engaged in those practices, calling them predatory lenders who targeted the poor with promises of no credit check and easy money that only came at extremely high interest rates, profiting when the loans were extended long beyond the original short term.
Most such lenders had their customers sign credit agreements that included arbitration clauses specifying that all disputes were to be resolved through that process rather than litigation. Arbitration in turn was criticized as a business-friendly forum which furthered the exploitation of consumers most in need of money. Lawsuits over these contracts, however, were increasingly dismissed by lower courts that followed the Supreme Court's "Prima Paint Corp. v. Flood & Conklin Mfg. Co." case, which created the separability doctrine, under which all issues in contracts with arbitration clauses, save the clause itself, were to be decided by the arbitrator and not a court, under the 1925 Federal Arbitration Act. In "Southland Corp. v. Keating", the Court held the FAA, and thus the separability doctrine, applicable to contracts executed under state law as well.
Litigation history.
In 1999, John Cardegna, a Palm Beach County 9-1-1 operator, took out a $337.50 payday loan from a local branch of The Check Cashing Store, a subsidiary of Buckeye Check Cashing, Inc., a Dublin, Ohio-based company (now Checksmart). Later he took out another loan, for $150. Unable to repay either from his paychecks, he kept rolling over his loan by paying the fee to do so. Eventually these came to over $1,000, and with the help of an activist lawyers' group, Trial Lawyers for Public Justice (TLPJ), he filed a class action alleging that the fees he was charged were effectively interest payments at a 1,300% annual rate, well over Florida's legal limit of 45%. The class would eventually be certified to include all the store's customers prior to September 30, 2001, reflecting a change in Florida law which allowed the fees.
The company moved to have the case dismissed and compel arbitration. When that was denied, it petitioned the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal which ruled that arbitration was required because the entire contract had been challenged, not the severable arbitration clause. But then that decision was appealed to the Florida Supreme Court, which reversed on the grounds that the contract was illegal "ab initio" and thus the arbitration clause was unenforceable. It read "Prima Paint" to distinguish between void contracts that could never have legal standing, such as the one at issue, and voidable contracts where that result could come to pass later as a result of dispute resolution but where the contract was legal on its face. One justice of that court, Raoul Cantero, dissented, saying that the majority was ignoring the actual language of the FAA.
Buckeye petitioned the Supreme Court for "certiorari", and it was granted in 2005. Since several of the appeals circuits had ruled in favor of arbitration in similar cases, but the Alabama Supreme Court had agreed with its Florida counterpart, the case was closely watched by the arbitration industry and consumer advocates.
Before the Court.
Briefs.
Christopher Landau of the Washington firm Kirkland & Ellis, a former clerk to justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas, argued for Buckeye Check; Paul Bland of TLPJ represented Cardegna. Many banking and business groups filed "amici" briefs on the company's behalf.
Landau's brief reiterated much of the argument Florida's Justice Cantero had made in his dissent: that it did not matter whether the claim was that the contract had been fraudulently induced as in "Prima Paint" or that it was illegal on its face, as it was here. "Whether the underlying contract is good, bad or indifferent is of no legitimate concern to the court," he wrote. "If the parties agreed to arbitrate their dispute, and do not challenge either the arbitration agreement itself or their assent to the underlying contract, that is the end of the matter as far as the court is concerned." Otherwise, arbitration clauses were pointless as anyone could avoid them by filing a suit challenging the contract. Bland argued that an illegal contract cannot exist, much less be enforced in any way:
In a reply brief Landau insisted again that the court's previous jurisprudence made it quite clear that the arbitration clause could only be negated if separately challenged. He accused the respondents of having a covert agenda to overturn the controlling cases. "The reason that "Prima Paint" and "Southland" have stood the test of time is no mystery: those decisions are eminently sensible.", he concluded.
Another "amicus" brief was filed by Theis Research, a California company with a "certiorari" petition then before the Court in a similar case it had brought against a law firm that had failed to disclose a potential conflict of interest prior to patent litigation in which it represented Theis. While differing on some procedural points with Bland's brief, Theis lawyer Paul Johnson likewise urged the court to rule in Cardegna's favor lest the Arbitration Act become "a Trojan Horse to assault the citadel of police powers vested in the states".
Oral argument.
At oral argument, Justices Sandra Day O'Connor (one of two dissenters in "Southland") and John Roberts seemed receptive to Bland's argument that no clause of a contract illegal under state law, including an arbitration clause, can be enforced. "The state itself makes a decision that certain contracts can't be entered into", O'Connor said. Ruth Bader Ginsburg likewise was not convinced that "Prima Paint", which had arisen from a suit filed in federal court, applied to states as well. Roberts and John Paul Stevens also saw the potential for conflict of interest in an arbitrator ruling on the legality of the contract. "The arbitrator always has an interest in finding that the contract is valid and arbitrable because that's his source of business — arbitrating disputes", said the latter.
On the other side, Anthony Kennedy felt that "Prima Paint" and subsequent decisions had "certainly displaced the states and state law from this area a very substantial extent". It was up to the Court to resolve confusion similar to that created in the instant case, he added. Antonin Scalia worried that ruling in Cardegna's favor would open the floodgates of litigation. "All you have to do is open the door and you will have litigation in court," Ginsburg agreed, "and then the court will decide what the arbitrator would otherwise decide."
Decision.
Less than two months after oral argument, the justices ruled 7-1 for Buckeye. O'Connor had retired and been replaced by Samuel Alito, who as he had not seated for oral argument took no part in the decision.
Antonin Scalia wrote for the majority. The Florida Supreme Court's distinction between void and voidable contracts was, as Cantero had said, irrelevant under "Prima Paint" and "Southland". The relevant section of the FAA was indeed applicable to the case, he said, since it required that contracts with arbitration clauses be treated like all others, and that its definition of "contract" included those that would or could later be voided since it explicitly mentioned such contracts that might later be revoked.
Clarence Thomas, usually in agreement with Scalia, was the lone dissenter. He wrote a single paragraph citing his three earlier dissents in similar cases and restated his belief that the FAA does not pre-empt state law.
Aftermath.
After the case was remanded to the Florida courts in which it had originated, the parties eventually settled. In 2008 the company agreed to pay $7 million into a fund. Of that amount, $2.1 million went to pay the plaintiffs' lawyers. The members of the class, potentially 70,000 in number, divided the rest.
Legacy.
The case established a precedent and was seen as expanding the scope of earlier court rulings applying the FAA to the states. The Court itself relied on it in a later opinion, and legal scholars have discussed its impact and implications.
Subsequent jurisprudence.
Two years later, the Court heard "Preston v. Ferrer", (552 U.S. 346, (2008)), the case brought by the former manager of Alex Ferrer (television's "Judge Alex") against him. Ferrer had moved to bypass arbitration, arguing both that Preston was not licensed by California to work as a talent agent and thus could not legally contract with him for such services, and that that state's Talent Agencies Act required that all such disputes be considered by the state labor commissioner's office first. He argued that this distinguished the case from "Buckeye Check".
This time it was Justice Ginsburg who wrote for the 8-1 majority that the FAA compelled arbitration even when state law vested dispute resolution authority in a specific state regulatory body. Again, Thomas wrote a short dissent reiterating his position and this time including "Buckeye Check" among his prior opinions to this effect.
Criticism and commentary.
Proponents of arbitration and other means of alternative dispute resolution have seen in the decision a reassuring reaffirmation of the separability principle that cleared up whether it covered a challenge to the legality of the underlying contract. "While seemingly a mere reiteration of "Prima Paint"'s holding," the International Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution (IICPR) wrote, "the "Buckeye" decision both clarifies and expands an arbitrator's jurisdiction by adding potentially void contracts to an arbitrator’s domain and by unequivocally extending the severability and validity principles into state court." The decision left open the question of whether it was still for the courts to decide if a contract had been properly formed, however, and some lower courts had denied motions to compel arbitration when that was the issue. Lawyers from the international arbitration department at White & Case praised the decision for making U.S. law "consistent with current international arbitration case law and doctrine", under which separability has a stronger foundation than it does in the U.S. " avoids damage to the reputation of the United States as a 'safe'
host of international arbitration."
Those who approached from a consumer-rights standpoint were not as solicitous. Texas arbitration expert Alan Scott Rau called Scalia's phrasing "sloppy and unguarded", noting it failed to recognize that some challenges to a contract that the law reserves for courts, such as capacity and forgery, necessarily include the arbitration clause. Stephen Ware of Kansas calls on Congress to repeal the separability doctrine and require that courts be permitted to compel arbitration only "after" they have heard and rejected any challenges to the validity of the contract itself: "The separability doctrine separates arbitration law from an important part of contract law — the defenses to enforcement — and thus fails to provide the right to litigate with the protection of those defenses."
"he "Buckeye" decision forces the lower courts to either continue the search for a workable rule or accept the
undermining of the moral foundations of contract law," says Timothy Hall of the University of Louisville's Louis D. Brandeis School of Law. "Scalia’s opinion in Buckeye is an astonishing attempt to ... ... an explicit federal policy imposing arbitration and rejecting judicial resolution of many legal issues." He, too, notes the fundamental contradiction posed by allowing defenses to contract formation to remain adjudicable by courts. Before and after the decision, most state court cases he looked at challenging contracts on those defenses have been very receptive to arguments, particular unconscionability. 
He suggests ways both legislative and judicial bodies could remedy this situation.

</doc>
<doc id="19137058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137058" title="Viewzi">
Viewzi

Viewzi was a search engine company based in Dallas, Texas that developed a highly visual experience that tailored the way users look at information based on what they are looking for. The search engine lightened the data overload by filtering and grouping results into several distinct interfaces. Users got over 16 "views" for their search including MP3 view (with a list of streaming audio you can play), album view (cover art and related musicians), plus specialized lenses for images, news, and more.
How It Worked.
A project that is said to have been in the works for roughly two years, Viewzi, is a visual search utility - or “platform,” as its engineers prefer to call it - transferred to beta stage in April, 2008. Instead of providing a single list of results in a set form for search requests, as Google does, Viewzi provides different “views” that are tailored to the request being made. The service loads in browsers such as Firefox, Safari, and IE 7 and requires Flash 9.
Funding.
Viewzi has raised over $2MM in seed funding, and will be looking for its first full venture round in 2008. As of December 28, 2010, Viewzi's website announced that the search engine had not been under development since 2008, and had been closed down.

</doc>
<doc id="19137060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137060" title="William Earl Lynd">
William Earl Lynd

William Earl Lynd (January 1955 – May 6, 2008 in Jackson, Georgia) was an American murderer. His victim was Ginger Moore. 
He was the first to be executed in the United States after the Baze v. Rees ruling and the 1100th to be executed since 1976. On May 6, 2008 he was put to death by lethal injection in Jackson, Georgia. He was pronounced dead at 7:51 p.m..

</doc>
<doc id="19137072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137072" title="Joannes Cassianus Pompe">
Joannes Cassianus Pompe

Joannes Cassianus Pompe (1901-1945) was a Dutch pathologist.
He characterized the condition now known as Glycogen storage disease type II in 1932. It is sometimes referred to by his name.
He studied medicine at the University of Utrecht and during this time came across the symptoms of what is now known as infantile Pompe disease, or Glycogen storage disease type II, which he described in his 1932 publication "Over idiopathische hypertrophie van het hart". On December 27, 1930, Dr. Pompe had carried out a postmortem on a 7-month old girl who had died of pneumonia. He found the enlarged heart now known to be characteristic of the infantile form of the disease and had some microscope slides prepared. These showed that the muscle tissue was distorted into an oval mesh.
He was executed by the German army in April 1945 for espionage.

</doc>
<doc id="19137073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137073" title="South African Masters (darts)">
South African Masters (darts)

The Emperors Palace South African Masters was a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation which began in 2007, so-named because it took place at the Emperors Palace entertainment resort in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Devon Petersen is the current champion.
Format and Qualification.
The tournament had 8 players, 4 of which were the top ranked players on the PDC Order of Merit and the semi-finalists, runner up and winner of the PDC South African Open which takes place the day before.
The four players chosen by the PDC were drawn up against the qualifiers from the PDC South African Open in a knock-out tournament.
In 2007, Phil Taylor, Raymond van Barneveld, James Wade and Terry Jenkins, ranked numbers one to four in the Order of Merit respectively at the time, participated in the tournament. In the following year, Taylor and Wade, returned to the tournament, being ranked numbers one and three in the world at the time. John Part, ranked number four in the world, also participated, as did Wayne Mardle, who replaced Barneveld (ranked second) due to the Dutchman's two month sabbatical from darts. Taylor, Wade, Part and Mervyn King took part in the 2009 tournament.
Matches were as follows:
Television.
The tournament was broadcast live on SuperSport in South Africa. In the United Kingdom, the tournament was broadcast on Challenge in 2007, Nuts TV in 2008, and Sky Sports in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19137106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137106" title="Arbalist (crossbowman)">
Arbalist (crossbowman)

An arbalist, also spelled arbelist, is one who shoots a crossbow.
The N.S.R.A is the governing body for match crossbow in the uk.
Equipment and competition.
Arbalists shoot crossbows markedly different from medieval artillerymen. Current-day target crossbows must conform to various limitations according to the governing body under which the shoot or tournament is taking place. Firstly, GNAS requires that arbalists shoot at targets separate from archers. Both the World Crossbow Shooting Association (WCSA) and GNAS require that the draw weight maximum be 95 lbs and that the minimum bolt (arrow) length be 12 inches. These organizations differ, however, in allowable maximum bolt length, GNAS citing 15", WCSA 18". They also disagree as to whether metal prods can be used; GNAS says no, WCSA says yes (with restrictions). Both require that the bolts shall be fletched, GNAS imposing an additional constraint of the "number" of fletchings (three).
Classification.
GNAS recognizes three grades of arbalist, "Master Arbalist" (scoring 780 or higher in three qualifying Crossbow Windsor Rounds) "Arbalist 1st Class" (scoring 630 or higher) and "Arbalist 2nd Class" (480). A Crossbow Windsor Round is shot on a 60 cm 10-zone face scoring 9,7,5,3,1; three ends at 40 yards, three at 50 yards and three at 60 yards.
Archery Australia recognizes five classifications: "Grand Master Arbelist" (GMA), "Master Arbelist" (MA), "First Class Arbelist" (A1), "Second Class Arbelist" (A2), and "Third Class Arbelist" (A3).
Awards.
The World Crossbow Shooting Association (WCSA) makes available four sets of Star Achievement Awards (badges) to encourage both participation in tournaments and to provide recognition for reaching certain scores: "TC 900" for outdoor target crossbow, "SC 600" for outdoor sport crossbow, "Indoor 40" for indoor 40 cm face for both target and sport crossbow, and "Indoor 25" for indoor 25 cm face for both target and sport crossbow.

</doc>
<doc id="19137123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137123" title="Low Cocklaw">
Low Cocklaw

 
Low Cocklaw is a small hamlet about west of Berwick-upon-Tweed, England. Until the early 1980s it was a working farm but is now entirely residential. It is surrounded by rolling farmland which is dominated by cereal growing.
History.
Low Cocklaw is situated close to the ancient borough boundary of Berwick-upon-Tweed, which ran north-south at this point, and now forms part of the border between England and Scotland. A road or track runs along this part and, in the past, was a route allowing horse-drawn wagons travelling between England and Scotland to by-pass the tolls through Berwick. There were fords at the crossings of the rivers Tweed and Whiteadder and the wagons would need extra pulling-power to haul them up the hill north of the Whiteadder. Local tradition is that Low Cocklaw derives its name from this; a "law" being the local word for a hill and a "cock-horse" being a heavy draught horse. Hence the farm nearest the river, from which a draught horse could be hired, was Low Cocklaw and, for the next stage of the haul, the farm higher up the hill to the north was High Cocklaw. Further north again, on the other side of the hill on the same route, there is a Cocklaw Farm above Ayton village, which would have provided the same service for wagons travelling south from Scotland to England.
Low Cocklaw is no longer a farm. It was converted into housing in the 1980s. On 8 December, 2013 it had a population of 20, made up of 9 households.
Governance.
Low Cocklaw is in the parliamentary constituency of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

</doc>
<doc id="19137137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137137" title="RiverGages">
RiverGages

Rivergages.com is a website run by the United States Army Corps of Engineers that shows the water level of lakes and rivers in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19137151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137151" title="West Bank Areas in the Oslo II Accord">
West Bank Areas in the Oslo II Accord

The Oslo II Accord divided the West Bank into three administrative divisions: the Areas "A", "B" and "C". The distinct areas were given a different status, according to the amount of self-government the Palestinians would have over it through the Palestinian Authority, until a final status accord would be established.
The Areas are not contiguous, but rather fragmented depending on the ethnicity of the population in the areas, as well as the destination Israel has reserved for itself on the basis of what it perceives to be military requirements.
Divisions.
Area A.
"Area A" (full civil and security control by the Palestinian Authority): circa 3% of the West Bank, exclusive East Jerusalem (first phase, 1995).
This area includes eight Palestinian cities and their surrounding areas (Nablus, Jenin, Tulkarem, Qalqilya, Ramallah, Bethlehem, Jericho and 80 percent of Hebron), with no Israeli settlements.
In area B, consisting of about 23 percent of the territory (including some 440 villages and their surrounding lands), the Palestinians are responsible for certain municipal functions, while joint Israeli-Palestinian patrols maintain internal security. Area C, consisting of about 74 percent of the territory including all of the 145 settlements and the new Jewish neighborhoods in and around East Jerusalem, remains under full Israeli control.</ref> Entry into this area is forbidden to all Israeli citizens. The Israel Defense Forces occasionally enters the area to conduct raids to arrest suspected militants.
Area B.
"Area B" (Palestinian civil control and joint Israeli-Palestinian security control): circa 23-25% (first phase, 1995).
This area includes some 440 Palestinian villages and their surrounding lands, and no Israeli settlements.
Area C.
"Area C" (full Israeli civil and security control): circa 72-74% (first phase, 1995). Under the Wye River Memorandum, Israeli would further withdrawal from some additional 13%, which officially reduced Area C to circa 61% of the West Bank. Israel, however, withdrew from only 2% and during Operation Defensive Shield, it reoccupied all territory.
Oslo II defines Area C as:
"″areas of the West Bank outside Areas A and B, which, except for the issues that will be negotiated in the permanent status negotiations, will be gradually transferred to Palestinian jurisdiction in accordance with this Agreement″".
The issues that will be negotiated, according to Article XVII, are "″Jerusalem, settlements, specified military locations, Palestinian refugees, borders, foreign relations and Israelis; and ... powers and responsibilities not transferred to the Council″". Parts of Area C are military area closed for Palestinians.
Transfer of Area C.
Part of Area C was intended to be handed back to Palestinians by the end of the 1999. Israel promised to redeploy its troops from Areas A and B before the elections. After the inauguration of an elected Palestinian parliament, the Israeli Civil Administration would be dissolved and the Israeli military government be withdrawn. The Council would get some powers and responsibilities.
Within 18 months from the date of inauguration, Israel would further redeploy military forces from Area C in three phases, however, without transfer of any sovereignty to the Palestinians:
"″The Council will assume powers and responsibilities for civil affairs, as well as for public order and internal security, according to this Agreement″".
"″1. Israel shall transfer powers and responsibilities as specified in this Agreement from the Israeli military government and its Civil Administration to the Council in accordance with this Agreement. Israel shall continue to exercise powers and responsibilities not so transferred.″""″5. After the inauguration of the Council, the Civil Administration in the West Bank will be dissolved, and the Israeli military government shall be withdrawn. The withdrawal of the military government shall not prevent it from exercising the powers and responsibilities not transferred to the Council.″"
The military forces would be redeployed in "specified military locations" in the West Bank, to be negotiated in the permanent status negotiations within 18 months. The Legislative Council was elected in January 1996.
Use of Area C.
Area C, 99% of which is excluded from Palestinian use, contains most of the West Bank’s natural resources and open spaces, access to which, according to the World Bank, would enable the Palestinians to half their budget deficit and lead to an expansion of their economy by a third.
Area C includes all Israeli settlements (cities, towns, and villages). In 1972, there were 1,000 Israeli settlers living in what is now Area C. By 1993, their population had increased to 110,000. As of 2012 they number more than 300,000 – as against 150,000 Palestinians, the majority of whom are Bedouin and farmers, constituting 5% of the Palestinian population on 60% of the land, who are cut off from services available to other Palestinians in Areas A and B.
According to a 2013 EU report, Israeli policies in the area have undermined the Palestinian presence there, with a deterioration in basic services such as water supplies, education and shelter. Nearly 70% of the Palestinian villages are not connected to the water network that serves settlers, which accounts for the fact that Palestinians in the zone use only a quarter to a third of the pro capita consumption of settlers.
Alleged violation of the Accords.
Area B is defined as land under Palestinian civil control and Israeli military control. According to Dror Etkes, Israeli settlers have violated the accords by spreading into Area B and seizing private Palestinian land for cultivation and settlement. Examples he cites are the Amona settlement, overlooking Ofra, where he argues that land belonging to villagers of Deir Dibwan has been taken for redevelopment; the settlement of Itamar he says has seized control of land and resources belonging to the Area B villages of Yanun, Awarta and Einabus; he states that settlers have seized Area B land near Esh Kodesh and Mitzpeh Ahiya east of Shilo; and he states that settlers of Ma'ale Rehav'am have built in a nature reserve established under the Wye River Memorandum.
Religious sites.
The Palestinian side (later to become the Palestinian Authority) agreed to ensure free access to a specific list of Jewish religious sites located in Areas A and B as specified in the 1995 Interim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, but due to the uncertain security situation, the Israel Defense Forces limits visits by Jews to rare occasions. In Area C, Palestinians were given the right to visit al-Maghtas on the Jordan River and to Nabi Musa.

</doc>
<doc id="19137158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137158" title="Dual Vee Model">
Dual Vee Model

The Dual Vee Model builds on the V-Model to cleanly depict the complexity associated with designing and developing systems. In systems engineering it defines a uniform procedure for product or project development. The model depicts concurrent development of a system’s architecture as one Vee with each entity of that architecture as another Vee that intersects the architecture Vee. This clearly shows interactions and sequences in developing a complex system and a system of systems.
Background.
Waterfall Model.
The Waterfall Model breaks up the development process into development phases. The name implies that design decisions flow from the requirements, implementation decisions flow from the design, etc. On a large project, many different people only work on each part. So a designer may ask, "What am I trying to design?" and the response would be, "You're trying to design something that will satisfy the product requirements." The builder may ask, "What am I trying to build?" and the response would be, "You're trying to build what was designed." etc. 
Vee Model.
The Vee Model organizes development phases into levels of complexity with the most complex item on top and least complex item on bottom (a.k.a. Lowest Configuration Item). This places the requirements at the beginning next to the product's operation at the end, and the design next to verification. This makes sense because when developer delivers a product to the customer, the customer may ask, "Why should I accept this product?" and the developer should answer, "Because it meets your (the customer's) requirements." The requirements are connected to the operation. When performing product testing, the test engineer may ask, "What tests should I conduct?" and the designer should answer, "You should conduct tests to show the product that was built matches the design." Verification is connected to the design.
The Vee Model can be expanded in several ways to meet system requirements. It can include the seven INCOSE layers of system complexity (i.e. system, element, subsystem, assembly, subassembly, component, and part). It can include decomposition, definition, integration, and verification. It may also include user/stakeholder participation, opportunity and risk management, and problem resolution.Waterfall module is also include in triple V module.
Dual Vee Model.
The Dual Vee Model builds on the Vee Model to manage a system of systems. An architecture Vee manages the system and entity Vees branch off the architecture Vee to manage sub-systems.
For example, GPS includes a constellation of satellites, a ground control network, and millions of users worldwide. Each satellite, ground control center, and GPS receiver is a complex system that could be managed by a separate Entity Vee. Development of a satellite can affect the design, manufacturing, or cost of receivers. Similarly, development of a receiver can affect design, manufacturing, or cost of satellites. So everything must be integrated into a system of systems that are developed within a larger Architecture Vee.
The Architecture Vee.
When developing complicated systems, a system engineer must manage a system baseline configuration from start to finish. The baseline can include design documents, user manuals, the product itself, and should answer every What?, Why?, and Who? for a system’s architecture. At each development phase, there will be changes to the system, which will change the baseline.
The core of the Vee is the evolving architecture baseline from initial requirements to a delivered system. The Architecture Vee produces the what, why, and who (which entity level) is responsible for a system’s architecture.
Downward off-Vee core investigations (figure - below) facilitate gaining knowledge to justify architecture baseline decisions made on the Vee core. Upward off core communication with customers and users facilitates in-process validation keeping the stakeholders abreast of and committed to the evolving baseline. Note that in all Vee representations time and maturity move from left to right. Just as we cannot move backward in time, so too one cannot move from right to left in the Vee model representation. Iteration is essential in system development, and all iteration is done vertically off-core, upward to users and customers (which is in-process validation), and downward for opportunity and risk management, as shown in the following figure.
The left leg off-Vee core investigations center around what concept is best and what architecture is best for that concept. For example, commercial products usually face the dilemma as to whether batteries should be standard, unique, replaceable, or not. Downward off-Vee core investigations and analysis can facilitate determining the most desirable approach that would then be baselined on the Vee core if the stakeholders agree. Similar investigations can prove the viability and technical feasibility of candidate concepts.
Right leg off-Vee core downward investigations (figure - below) are directed at investigating integration anomalies to determine their root cause and to correct them. Upward communication with stakeholders determines if they can live with the as-integrated and as-verified performance.
At each decomposition level there is a direct correlation between activities on the left and right sides of the Vee. This is deliberate. For example, the method of integration, verification, and validation to be used on the right must be determined on the left as concepts are defined at each decomposition level. This minimizes the chances that concepts are conceived in a way that cannot be carried out.
The Entity Vee Model.
The Entity Vee illustrates the entity development and realization process which describes how each entity will be obtained (development, purchase, reuse, etc.). An Entity Vee (figure - below) exists for every entity of the architecture from the system, down to the lowest configuration items (LCIs), such as computer software units or hardware components. All activities within an Entity Vee reside at the same architecture level (System, Subsystem, LCI). The left Vee leg represents entity definition elaboration from very sketchy user requirements, through concept determination and on to design-to specifications and fully detailed build-to artifacts. The right Vee leg represents the sequence of entity assembly and performance assurance on through verification and validation of the entity.
At each elaboration, there is a direct correlation between activities on the left and right legs of the Entity Vee. Again this is deliberate. The method of verification to be used on the right Vee leg must be defined as requirements are developed on the left, otherwise requirements might be created that could not be verified. For example “user friendly” is a valid requirement, but it is unverifiable. Instead, a requirement that a computer screen display have “no more than five lines of 14-point text” defines one user's view of “user friendly” in measurable terms. Verification plans should be baselined to ensure verification requirements and methods are known and planned for at the design-to decision gate, commonly called Preliminary Design Review (PDR). Draft verification procedures based on the verification requirements, verification plan, and proposed entity design should be available at the build-to and code-to decision gate, commonly called Critical Design Review (CDR). This reduces the chances that verification as specified cannot in fact be performed.
The vertical dimension of the Entity Vee is baseline elaboration at the selected architecture level and the core of the Entity Vee represents entity baseline elaboration progression. Also included (similar to the Architecture Vee) are the activities associated with opportunity and risk management, pursued downward and off-core to the level of detail necessary for issue evaluation and resolution. For example, laboratory test of a computer chip or of software code may be necessary to confirm technical feasibility. Unlike the commonly held view of the Waterfall Model, there is no prohibition against doing exploratory design and analysis at any point in the project cycle to investigate or prove performance or feasibility. Unlike the Spiral Model, the Vee opportunity and risk investigations may be performed either in series or in parallel with the on-core development work, rather than being conducted sequentially and prior to the design development process. Hardware and software requirements-understanding models or technical feasibility models are encouraged early in the project cycle to pursue opportunities, such as new technologies, and to reduce risk. For instance, to evaluate a concept of a manual override versus full automation, technical feasibility of the two concepts could be modeled with selection based on response time versus cost. Customer confirmation could then provide valuable in-process validation of the preferred approach.
In the right leg, downward off-core investigations are applied to resolve assembly and verification anomalies. This may require descending to design errors, a cold solder joint, or operator error and the like. Upward off-core user interactions obtain user and customer confirmation or rejection of the realized performance. Note that in the entity Vee these interactions address individual entity solutions and not the integration of the architecture which is conducted on the Architecture Vee. At any level of decomposition, the customer of an entity is the manager of the next higher level of decomposition. For example, the power subsystem manager is the customer of the battery and is responsible for battery validation.
Dual Vees: Intersecting Architecture and Entity Vees.
To evolve user needs into a system that satisfies those needs requires a best value solution for every entity of the architecture. This can be visualized by positioning Entity Vees orthogonal to the Architecture Vee as shown in the figure below. For each entity of the Architecture Vee there is a corresponding Entity Vee that addresses the entity development and realization. For example, the Architecture Vee of the figure below contains two subsystems hence there are two Entity Vees to represent the concurrent development of those two subsystems.
Phasing of decision gates.
Architecture entities are developed and integrated into the system architecture in a phased sequence consistent with systems engineering best practices. The figure below provides a three-dimensional view of Design-to and Build-to Decision Gate phasing
For simplicity of illustration, only one Entity Vee is shown intersecting the Architecture Vee at each decomposition level. Note that the design-to sequence is top down, starting at the system level and proceeding consistent with decomposition to the lowest configuration item level (LCI). This sequence ensures that there is proper top down requirements flowdown and traceability.
When build-to and code-to artifacts, including draft verification procedures, are ready for baselining, the build-to decision gate sequence is conducted bottom up to prove the feasibility of building or coding the designs. The decision gate also confirms that, if the solution is built according to the build-to artifacts, the required performance will be achieved. This sequence ensures that, if the entity designs satisfy their design-to requirements, the entities will integrate into the next higher level entity, will perform as expected, and will meet user requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="19137175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137175" title="Joe Rees">
Joe Rees

"For the Welsh rugby union player born 1990 see Joe Rees (rugby player)"
Joseph "Joe" Rees (3 June 1893 – 12 April 1950) was a Welsh international rugby union full-back who played club rugby for Swansea. Rees made his debut for Swansea in 1919 and captained his club in the 1922/23 season. Rees would play 12 times for Wales, and captained them on one occasion. His brother, William "Billo" Rees, was a rugby league player who played for Wales and the Great Britain team, and toured Australia.
International rugby career.
In 1920 Rees was selected to play against England at St Helens. It was a ground-breaking game that saw Newport's Jerry Shea score 16 points and become the first person to achieve an international rugby 'Full House', of all four scoring types. Rees played all four games in the 1920 Five Nations Championship in which Wales won the competition. After playing three games in the 1921 tournament Rees was selected for the opening game in 1922 against England. During this game Rees scored his first points in a Welsh shirt when he converted two tries; though as Wales scored eight tries the return could have been better. Rees managed a penalty goal against France in 1923, which was the last score he would achieve for his country. The next year, in his last game for Wales against England, Rees was given the captaincy of his country. Wales lost the game 17-9.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19137205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137205" title="Michal Leszczylowski">
Michal Leszczylowski

Michał Leszczyłowski (born July 30, 1950) is a Polish-born naturalised Swedish film editor who has worked mostly in the Swedish film industry. He has won several awards, including a Guldbagge Award for Creative Achievement in 1989 and a Jussi Award for Best Editing for his work on "Fire-Eater" in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19137220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137220" title="Open Space Theatre">
Open Space Theatre

The Open Space Theatre was created by Charles Marowitz and Thelma Holt in 1968.
It began in a basement on Tottenham Court Road in London, then transferred to an art deco post office on the Euston Road in 1976. Thelma attracted a team of volunteer architects and workers to build the theatre (including David Schofield). And its first production was Charles Marowitz' adaptation of the Merchant of Venice ('The Merchant') starring Vladek Sheybal.
The company operated until around 1980.
Jinnie Schiele's book (University of Hertfordshire Press, 2006) relates the history of the Open Space with that of Holt's later venue, the Roundhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19137267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137267" title="Durieu, British Columbia">
Durieu, British Columbia

Durieu is a farming community, located on Hatzic Prairie northeast of Mission, British Columbia, Canada in the Fraser Valley region of that province's Lower Mainland. Also known locally as Hatzic Prairie, it has few services other than a store, feed co-op, school and community hall. 
The community was named for Archbishop Paul Durieu.

</doc>
<doc id="19137295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137295" title="2007 Friends Provident Trophy">
2007 Friends Provident Trophy

The 2007 Friends Provident Trophy was an English county cricket tournament, held between 22 April and 19 August 2007. The tournament was won by Durham.
Changes from previous tournament.
Following the 2006 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy, which had been won by Sussex, various changes were made to the tournament. The first of these to be announced was the inclusion of a semi-final stage in 2007, following complaints of there being "too many meaningless matches". Another change was that of the competition sponsor; Cheltenham & Gloucester, who were reportedly unhappy at the format for 2006, cancelled their future sponsorship before the 2006 season began. Friends Provident were revealed as the new sponsors on 8 February 2007.
The final major change from 2006 was the introduction of player referrals. Introduced on a trial basis, the fielding captain or batsman involved had the right to refer decisions to the third umpire if they disagreed with the decision of the on-field umpires. Each team were permitted two appeals per innings, losing an appeal should the third umpire concur with his on-field colleague. However, this option was only available during televised matches, which led some to suggest it would favour some teams over others.
Format.
The eighteen first-class counties were joined by the Scottish and Irish national teams and divided into two groups, north and south. Each team played each other once, with the top two teams from each group progressing to the semi-final stage. During the group stage, teams were awarded two points for a win, one point for a tie, abandonment or a no result, with no points awarded for a defeat. Teams level on points at the end of the group stage were separated by most wins, followed by net run rate, followed by most wickets taken per balls bowled in matches achieving a result.
Knockout stage.
Semi finals.
Durham came out the victors in a low-scoring encounter where both sides collapsed to 38–7. Heavy rain had fallen over the course of the previous few days and overnight, creating a damp pitch offering "enough movement for the ball to find the edge or earn lbws". Andy Bichel was the only batsman to make a significant score (24 runs from 35 balls faced), as Neil Killeen and Ottis Gibson took three wickets each before Liam Plunkett claimed career-best bowling figures of 4 for 15.
Chasing a small target, Durham also lost early wickets, as Bichel and the on-loan Martin Saggers, followed by Graham Napier, reduced them to 38–7. This brought Plunkett to the crease, and, batting "sensibly rather than desperately", he hit 30 of the remaining 34 runs to win the match.
Warwickshire elected not to include Ian Bell in their line-up, opting instead not to disrupt the side that had got to the semi-final. Hampshire, however, did select Kevin Pietersen, who was flown to Southampton on a chartered helicopter following England's Test match win over the West Indies.
Hampshire won the toss and chose to bat first, but started slowly, with John Crawley playing an anchor role following the early wickets of Michael Carberry and Michael Lumb. He was the key batsman on what was described as a "sluggish" pitch, and scored 64 before being narrowly run out by Heath Streak's throw from third man. In reply, Warwickshire seemed on course for victory at 98–3, before Sean Ervine dismissed top-scorer Kumar Sangakkara and Alex Loudon in the same over. Despite a battling innings from Tim Ambrose, Warwickshire never recovered, bowled out for 166.
Final.
Durham's preparations for the final were hampered by the news that Steve Harmison would be unable to play after sustaining a muscle tear in his back in a County Championship match against Surrey. Hampshire were without Stuart Clark, whose two month contract had expired; Daren Powell was his replacement.
Durham batted first and scored 312–5, with Shivnarine Chanderpaul top-scoring with 78 before being run out by a "magnificent throw from long-on" by Michael Carberry. Hampshire's bowling was poor, with their six-man bowling attack of Powell, Jamie Bruce, Dimitri Mascarenhas, Sean Ervine, Chris Tremlett and Shane Warne "struggling for consistency". Phil Mustard and Kyle Coetzer joined Chanderpaul in scoring half-centuries for Durham, in what was the highest 50-overs total in domestic Lord's finals.
Hampshire's reply started badly; with the opening two deliveries of the innings, Ottis Gibson "slanted successive balls across Lumb and Ervine" to get both left-handers to edge to Michael Di Venuto at second slip. Hampshire's chase was "in tatters" when Kevin Pietersen was dismissed, and once John Crawley's 68 was ended by Paul Collingwood, Durham had effectively won. Rain stopped play with Hampshire on 158–5, ensuring the two sides would have to return the following day to complete the match. Upon resuming, Durham required less than nine overs to take the final five wickets.
Durham's win brought their first domestic trophy since becoming a first-class county in 1992, and left Glamorgan and Leicestershire as the only counties to have never won the tournament in one of its various guises.

</doc>
<doc id="19137309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137309" title="Marie (song)">
Marie (song)

"Marie" is a 2002 song recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday. It was the first single from his album "À la vie, à la mort !", and was released in October 2002. Written and produced by Gérald De Palmas, it achieved a huge success in France, topping the singles chart and becoming Hallyday's second number-one hit in France.
The song was performed during Hallyday's 2003 and 2006 tours and was included on his albums "Stars France 2003" and "Flashback Tour - Palais des Sports 2006".
In France, the single went straight to #2 on 26 October 2002, being blocked for three weeks at this place by Las Ketchup's hit "Aserejé (The Ketchup Song)". It managed to top the chart for three weeks, alterning with Las Ketchup, and totaled 14 weeks in the top ten, 21 weeks in the top 50, and 28 weeks in the top 100. Certified Diamond disc by the SNEP, "Marie" is to date the 79th best-selling single of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="19137311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137311" title="Penumbra Theatre Company">
Penumbra Theatre Company

The Penumbra Theatre Company, an African-American theatre company in Saint Paul, Minnesota, was founded by Lou Bellamy in 1976. The theater has been recognized for its artistic quality and its role in launching the careers of playwrights including two-time Pulitzer Prize-winner August Wilson. 
Each year Penumbra performs for over 40,000 people and conducts educational activities for more than 5,000 students. The theater employs more actors, choreographers, dancers, directors, and administrators of color than all other theatres in Minnesota combined. Located at St Paul's Hallie Q. Brown Community Center in the Martin Luther King Center building, the theatre strives to influence the Selby/Dale neighborhood and the larger community. 
Under Bellamy's leadership for over 25 years, Penumbra is Minnesota's only professional African-American theatre and one of only three such groups in the nation offering a full performance season. 
Awards.
In January 2000 the theatre was given the Jujamcyn Award for development of artistic talent. Penumbra has been named "Best Theatre for Drama" by "City Pages" and "One of Ten Companies that Make a Difference" by "Stage Directions" magazine. 

</doc>
<doc id="19137315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137315" title="Solid hydrogen">
Solid hydrogen

Solid hydrogen is the solid state of the element hydrogen, achieved by decreasing the temperature below hydrogen's melting point of . It was collected for the first time by James Dewar in 1899 and published with the title "Sur la solidification de l'hydrogène" in the Annales de Chimie et de Physique, 7th series, vol.18, Oct. 1899. Solid hydrogen has a density of 0.086 g/cm3 making it one of the lowest density solids.

</doc>
<doc id="19137401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137401" title="Astral Adventures">
Astral Adventures

Astral Adventures is the sixth studio album album by a German gothic metal band Darkseed. It was released in 2003, with Nuclear Blast.
Track listing.
All tracks by Stefan Hertrich except were noted

</doc>
<doc id="19137435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137435" title="Galen Laack">
Galen Laack

Galen William Laack (April 3, 1931December 31, 1958) of Abbotsford, Wisconsin) was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at the University of the Pacific and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1957 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="19137446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137446" title="Raoul Gunsbourg">
Raoul Gunsbourg

Raoul Samuel Gunsbourg (born January 6, 1860 in Bucharest - died May 31, 1955 in Monte Carlo) was a Jewish-Romania-born opera director, impresario, composer and writer. Gunsbourg is best known for being the longest-serving director of the Opéra de Monte-Carlo, where his career spanned almost six decades.
Raoul Gunsbourg acquired his musical education and its comprehensive knowledge in language and literature as a self-taught person. He attended Medical School in Bucharest which he finished in 1875. In 1877-78 he served as a medic in the Russian army during the Russian-Turkish war. In 1881-83 he created and managed the "Gunsbourg's French Opera Stage" in Moscow and St. Petersburg. In Moscow Gunsbourg met German composer Richard Wagner. After returning to France, Gunsbourg directed the Grand Théâtre de Lille during the 1888/89 season and the Opéra de Nice in 1889-91.
In 1892, on recommendation by czar Alexander III of Russia, Gunsbourg was invited by Princess Alice, an American wife of Albert I, Prince of Monaco, to serve as the director of the Opéra de Monte-Carlo. Empowered by Princess Alice's encouragement and support, Gunsbourg transformed the Opéra de Monte-Carlo into a world-class cultural venue. He was the first opera director to stage Berlioz's "La damnation de Faust", which was considered at that time so far more as an oratorio than opera, in his theatre on February 18, 1893.
Gunsbourg's work in Monte Carlo was briefly interrupted during World War II. Assisted by the members of the French Resistance, Gunsbourg fled to nearby Switzerland, nearly escaping the arrest and possible execution by the Nazis who occupied Monaco in 1943 and began the deportation of the Jewish population. After the war was over, Gunsbourg returned to Monaco where he continued directing the Opéra de Monte-Carlo until 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19137467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137467" title="Irving Wardle">
Irving Wardle

John Irving Wardle is an English writer and theatre critic.
He was born on 20 July 1929 in Manchester, Lancashire, the son of John Wardle and his wife Nellie (Partington). His father was drama critic on the "Bolton Evening News", and a regular performer at the Bolton Little Theatre. Wardle was educated at Bolton School, Wadham College Oxford and the Royal College of Music. 
While at Oxford Wardle participated in theatre, performing in a production of "The Tempest" alongside the actors Nigel Davenport and Jack May, the future directors John Schlesinger and Bill Gaskill, and Mary Moore, the future principal of St Hilda's College, Oxford.
Wardle's early appointments included an anonymous fortnightly review spot on the "Bolton Evening News", beginning in 1958. He worked as a sub-editor on "The Times Literary Supplement", 1956-; as deputy theatre critic (to Kenneth Tynan) on "The Observer", 1959-63; drama critic for "The Times" 1963-89; editor of "Gambit" 1973-75; theatre critic for "The Independent on Sunday" 1989-95. More recently he has written articles for magazines such as "Prospect" and "The Oldie". 
He has published two books, a biography "The Theatres of George Devine" (Jonathan Cape, 1978) and "Theatre Criticism" (Routledge, 1992).
His first play, "The Houseboy", was performed at the Open Space Theatre in 1973. The play is semi-autobiographical, based on Wardle’s experience from a part-time job washing dishes at a London guest house. The production was directed by Charles Marowitz and the cast included Timothy West. A television production was made for ITV’s "Playhouse" season and screened on 3 July 1982, directed by Christopher Hodson. The cast was Stephen Garlick, Geoffrey Palmer, Richard Pasco and Earl Rhodes.
He was in 2004 honoured at the Cairo International Festival of Experimental Theatre.
Wardle was a close friend of the writer Harold Pinter, for whose work he coined the phrase "comedies of menace". The two met after Wardle reviewed Pinter's "The Birthday Party" in 1958, and an impressed Pinter wrote to compliment him on his critical sensibility.

</doc>
<doc id="19137470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137470" title="Heythrop">
Heythrop

Heythrop is a village and civil parish just over east of Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire. The parish includes the hamlet of Dunthrop.
Heythrop had a Norman parish church of Saint Nicholas, but the nave has been demolished and only the chancel has been preserved as a mortuary chapel. The chapel's west doorway was the south doorway of the former nave.
In 1657 an attempt to merge the Benefices of Enstone and Heythrop was abandoned in the face of local opposition. In 1923 the incumbent of Heythrop ceased to live in the parish and in 1964 it and Enstone were finally merged. In 2001 the Benefice of Enstone and Heythrop merged with that of Ascott-under-Wychwood, Chadlington, and Spelsbury to form the Chase Benefice.
Heythrop House in Heythrop Park was built from 1706 onwards by the architect Thomas Archer for Charles Talbot, 1st Duke of Shrewsbury. It was gutted by fire in 1831 and restored by the architect Alfred Waterhouse in 1871 for Albert Brassey. It was a Jesuit college from 1922 until 1969 and a training college for the National Westminster Bank from 1969 until 1999.
Brassey rebuilt Heythrop as a model village in the 1870s and 1880s. He encouraged the growth of the church congregation such that it outgrew its Norman building. In 1880 he had a new Church of England parish church of St. Nicholas built by the Gothic Revival architect Sir Arthur Blomfield. The south doorway incorporates 13th century mouldings from the demolished nave of the old church. Albert Brassey had the rectory built at about the same time. It remained in the Brasseys' ownership, and when the incumbent ceased to reside in the parish in 1923 it was renamed the Dower House and let as a private house.

</doc>
<doc id="19137496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137496" title="2007 NASCAR Busch East Series">
2007 NASCAR Busch East Series

The 2007 season for the NASCAR Busch East series has a thirteen race schedule beginning on April 28 at Greenville-Pickens Speedway with the Greased Lightning 150. The season finale is the Sunoco 150 on September 21 at Dover International Speedway. This season will be the last season under the Busch banner, thus ending a 21 year relationship with Anheuser-Busch.
Television.
Both HDNet and SPEED will return to broadcast the races. All but one of the events will have television coverage. HDNet will broadcast nine of the races, including the final seven, live in high definition. SPEED will tape-delay broadcast three of the remaining four races. All of the races shown on HDNet will be re-broadcast in standard definition on SPEED.
2007 Series Races.
Greased Lightning 150.
The Greased Lightning 150 was run on April 28 at Greenville-Pickens Speedway in Greenville, SC. Joey Logano sat on the pole for the event and went on to win the event. This marked Logano's first pole and first win in the series in his first start.
Did not Qualify: (8) Jonathan Cash (#59), Jonathan Smith (#5), Pierre Bourque (#7), James Pritchard Jr (#41), Jeremy Clark (#25), Tim Cowen (#75), Glenn Sullivan (#15), Blair Addis (#8)
Notes: "Logano's win in his first start in the series made him the first driver to repeat this feat since Kip Stockwell got his only win in his first start in the series at Thunder Road International SpeedBowl in 1997.
Minnesota 150.
The Minnesota 150 took place on May 18 at Elko Speedway in Elko, Minnesota. This race marked the first time that the East and West series would meet during the regular season for a points race. Sean Caisse took the pole and went on to win the race. Only he and fellow East series competitor Mike Olsen would lead the race.
Did not Qualify: (16) Ryan Foster (#21W), John Salemi (#63E), Stan Silva, Jr. (#65W), Eric Richardson (#20W), Jim Inglebright (#1W), Scott Bouley (#26E), Chase Austin (#64E), Dion Ciccarelli (#84E), German Quiroga Jr (#12E), Lloyd Mack (#09W), Jack Sellers (#15W), Blair Addis (#3E), Daryl Harr (#71W), Jerick Johnson (76E), Mike Gallegos (#77W), Pierre Bourque (#7E)
Note: Both series would meet again 2 days later for the second and final combination race at Iowa Speedway
Featherlite Coaches 200.
The Featherlite Coaches 200 was run on May 5 at the Iowa Speedway in Newton, Iowa. This race, sponsored by Featherlite Coaches, was the second and final meeting between the East and West series during the regular season. Matt Kenseth was on hand to take part in the race. The night before Matt was in Charlotte, NC winning the Nextel All-Star race. Matt would narrowly take the pole over Joey Logano. These two drivers would proceed to swap the lead 15 times between the two of them. In the end, it would be the youngster taking the win over the Nextel Cup star.
Did not Qualify: (10) Chase Austin (68 E), Mike Gallegos (77 W), Stan Silva, Jr. (65 W), Chris Bristol (12 E), Kyle Cattanach (59 W), Jerick Johnson (76 E), Scott Bouley (26 E), Tim Woods III (54 W), Jack Sellers (15 W), Trevor Bayne (00 E)
South Boston 150.
The South Boston 150 was run on June 2 at the South Boston Speedway in South Boston, Virginia. Peyton Sellers, who was the track’s Late Model champion in 2005 en route to winning the NASCAR Whelen All-American Series title and also has a grandstand at the track named after him took the pole in qualifying. The race turned into a two man race between Sellers and Matt Kobyluck swapping the lead for eleven of the twelve lead changes. Sellers lead a race high of 101 laps while Kobyluck lead 46. Sean Caisse would be the only other driver to lead during the race when he managed to jump into the lead for the first three laps. With restarts coming with 10 laps to go and again at 4 to go, Kobyluck was able to maintain the lead and go on to win his first race of the season.
Did not Qualify: None
TSI Harley-Davidson 150.
The TSI Harley-Davidson 150 took place on June 6 at Stafford Motor Speedway in Stafford, Connecticut. Sean Caisse would sit on the pole for the first time this season, but it would be Eddie MacDonald, who was making his first start of the season that would go on to take the win in grand fashion by leading the final 81 laps.
Did not Qualify: None
New England 125.
The New England 125 took place on June 6 at New Hampshire International Speedway in Loudon, New Hampshire. Joey Logano took the pole and went on to lead the most laps en route to his third win of the series. Series veteran Brad Leighton was in contention until he was deemed to have jumped the final restart leading to a green-white-checkered finish and subsequently was black flagged. Rather than risk disqualification, Leighton gave the lead back to Logano and would have to settle for a second place finish.
Did not Qualify: None
07/14/2007 Pepsi Racing 100, Thompson International Speedway.
The Pepsi Racing 100 was run on July 14, at Thompson International Speedway in Thompson, CT. Sean Caisse would sit on the pole and nearly lead flag to flag in the race that was extended to 108 laps due to late race cautions that required two green-white-checkered attempts to end the race. Caisse only relinquished the lead for two laps en route to his second win of the season, breaking a four race streak of bad luck.
Did not Qualify: (1) Rob Humphreys (#85)
07/22/2007 Music City 150, Music City Motorplex.
- Coming Soon
07/28/2007 The Edge Hotel 150, Adirondack International Speedway.
- Coming Soon
08/18/2007 Mohegan Sun NASCAR Busch East 200, Lime Rock Park.
- Coming Soon
08/25/2007 Mansfield 150, Mansfield Motorsports Park.
- Coming Soon
09/14/2007 Aubuchon Hardware 125 presented by hardwarestore.com, New Hampshire International Speedway.
- Coming Soon
09/21/2007 Sunoco 150, Dover International Speedway.
- Coming Soon
Points Standings.
There are the final points standings for the 2007 season.
Notes: "By virtue of NASCAR’s lower age limit of 16 starting this year for its touring series, Logano became the youngest champion of the series. Logano turned 17 on May 24.

</doc>
<doc id="19137505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137505" title="Enterprise Sign On Engine">
Enterprise Sign On Engine

The Enterprise Sign On Engine is an open source platform for single sign on, access control and federation. It was originally built for the Queensland University of Technology and subsequently made available to all under the Apache 2.0 license.
ESOE is standards based, complying with SAML 2.0 and implementing a significant subset of XACML 2.0. The core server system is developed in Java while connectivity to services is achieved through provided SAML service provider software for Apache Tomcat/JBoss, Apache Web Servers and Microsoft IIS.
Further to this ESOE is able to act as hub for identity protocols and is able to translate tokens from Shibboleth and OpenID to its internal SAML 2.0 token type.
The design goals of ESOE are such that it should interact with any type of service and even aggregate identity data across them. Support for LDAP compliant servers and Microsoft Active Directory are implemented as reference plugins for the authentication 'pipeline'.
Architecture.
The underlying architecture of ESOE is such that all modules are able to be removed, replaced or reimplemented to suit a specific deployment. This is achieved with heavy utilization of the Spring Framework and interface driven design. Development is carried out with using Agile principals and the software includes hundreds of automated test cases.
For added flexibility each core part of the system has been developed using a pluggable pipeline approach. This means that authentication, identity and SSO events must each traverse a pipeline of plugins which all perform different tasks. This allows organizations to add functionality specific to their deployment while still taking advantage of the core logic.
The entire system is built using a centralized ESOE Build system which relies on Apache Ant. Dependencies in the system are automatically maintained by heavy integration with Apache Ivy. Eclipse is the preferred development environment. All code is stored in Subversion.

</doc>
<doc id="19137515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137515" title="Ultimate Darkness">
Ultimate Darkness

Ultimate Darkness is the seventh studio album album by a German gothic metal band Darkseed. It was released in 2005, with Massacre Records.
Track listing.
All tracks by Stefan Hertrich
In Other Media.
The song "The Fall" was written for the video game and a version was subsequently used in the trailer for the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19137519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137519" title="Be Forever Yamato">
Be Forever Yamato

Plot.
The Black Nebula Empire, last seen in , lands a huge fortress on Earth and sends out an invasion force, with the Black Nebulan fleet wipes out Earth's space fleets. The fortress contains a bomb capable of destroying half the planet. The Nebulans threaten to use it if they are attacked.
The starship Yamato is launched from a secret base and tasked with finding the Black Nebulan home planet, from where the bomb is controlled. 
The Black Nebula is a double spiral galaxy near the Milky Way. The disc facing Earth is made of black, inert matter obscuring all light from the other disc, so the galaxy has never been seen before. 
There are three new crew members. Shiro Kato, the original Kato's (who died in Yamato 2) younger brother. Sasha is the daughter of Starsha and Mamoru Kodai, and has grown from an infant to a teen in only 1 Earth year. The third new member is Captain Yamanami.
The Yamato reaches the other side of the Black Nebula and finds a grand, white galaxy, similar to the Milky Way. They follow a beacon signal to a planet that looks just like Earth. They land, and are greeted by an apparently human woman, Sada, and two officers from the Black Nebulan Empire. They meet the Emperor, Scaldart, who also appears to be a human. He tells them that they are actually back in the Milky Way, in the year 2402. The vortex was a hole in time. The Earth has been under Black Nebulan rule for 200 years, and he is the (puppet) governor. Scaldart shows Kodai and the landing party all sorts of collections of Earth's famous artwork, and, up on the Yamato, the video screen scans the surface of the planet to find all of Earth's famous landmarks.
Scaldart shows them a time viewing machine which shows the history of the Yamato from 2199 up until the present. Then he shows them the future. The Yamato, orbitting the Earth, is destroyed by the enemy's flagship, the Grodaze, in 2402.
The landing crew returns, demoralized, to the Yamato... except for Sasha who seems to know her true destiny. She abandons the party and remains on conquered Earth. while alone on the surface, her mother Starsha appears in a vision. She tells Sasha that she was born between Iscandar and Earth, and that her destiny is to die far from both, in service of both.
In orbit, the Yamato is attacked by the Grodaze and its fleet, with Beta particle guns firing on the ship. But the Yamato isn't destroyed as predicted. Sanada surmises that the people the planet was not really human and all of the artwork used as proof were fakes. Could the Earth below them be fake, too?
The Yamato fires its Wave Motion Gun at the Grodaze and its fleet, destroying them. But, the tachyon based energy of the Wave Gun has an unexpected reaction with the beta particle energy from the exploding enemy ships. A huge explosion hits the Earth, destroying much of the surface. The Earth, where Sasha remained, dissolves in fire.
The fire reveals the black skeleton of a planet. It is not Earth, but the Black Nebulan home planet of Dezarium. It was an elaborate hoax designed to demoralize and defeat the Yamato. Scaldart pulls off the mask he wore to reveal his true Black Nebulan face.
Back on Earth, Lt. Arufon frees Yuki, who leads an assault on the fortress. She has a showdown with Arufon, but he is shot by another Earth trooper. Arufon tells her that his people are a race of cyborgs, who gave up their flesh for longer lives as Mechanisms. But they also lost the ability to love in the process. Arufon gives Yuki the plans to the fortress, including instructions on how to disarm its hyperion bomb, and dies in her arms.
Sasha manages to survive the incineration of the surface by escaping to the planet's lower levels. She finds a control center and sends a message to the Yamato, telling them that to destroy Dezarium, they must travel to the core through a huge conduit she is about to open. Scaldart announces after her message that if the Yamato proceeds any further, he will detonate the hyperon bomb on Earth.
Yuki's radio message interrupts Scaldart, telling the Yamato that she is alive, the invaders and their fortress have been immobilized and that the hyperion bomb has been disarmed.
The Yamato speeds though the conduit, dodging all sorts of enemy fire. It reaches the center of the planet where it finds a huge crystal city, looking like a glass sea urchin. The Yamato is hit by a missile and Captain Yamanami is killed. Kodai prepares the Wave Gun, but stops when he realizes this will also kill Sasha. Sasha again radios the Yamato, insisting that they fire since this is her destiny. Scaldart finds and shoots Sasha. An enraged Kodai fires the Wave Gun.
The blast sets off an explosive chain reaction. The Yamato does a 180-degree turn and rushes out of the internal chamber, going to emergency warp when it reaches the conduit exit. Dezarium explodes behind them, destroying the delicate gravitational balance between the two sides of the Double Galaxy. They crash into each other, starting the birth of a new galaxy.
The Yamato warps home while Yuki looks towards the glowing horizon for their return.
Production.
This movie was intended to be Space Yamato III.

</doc>
<doc id="19137520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137520" title="Bleistein v. Donaldson Lithographing Company">
Bleistein v. Donaldson Lithographing Company

Bleistein v. Donaldson Lithographing Company, 188 U.S. 239 (1903), is a case in which the United States Supreme Court found that advertisements were protected by copyright.
Facts.
The named plaintiff was George Bleistein, an employee of the Courier Lithographing Company. The company had been hired by Benjamin Wallace, owner of a traveling circus called the "Great Wallace Show" (which would later become the Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus) to design and produce a number of chromolithographs used to produce posters to promote the circus. The posters featured images from the circus, such as ballet dancers and acrobats. When Wallace ran out of posters, rather than ordering more from the plaintiff, Wallace hired the Donaldson Lithographing Company - a competitor of the plaintiff - to manufacture copies of three of those posters.
Courier (and Bleistein, in name) sued Donaldson for copyright infringement. Donaldson objected on the basis that the posters were merely advertisements, and thus should not be considered eligible for copyright protection either under the Constitution of the United States or under the controlling Copyright Act of 1874. The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit held that the posters were not amenable to copyright protection, and Courier appealed.
Opinion of the Court.
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., writing for the Court, found that it was irrelevant that the posters were made for advertising. Holmes laid out this ruling in language which has become well-worn in copyright case law:
Dissents.
A dissenting opinion was submitted by Justice Harlan, joined by Justice McKenna, agreeing with the Sixth Circuit that advertising posters "would not be promotive of the useful arts within the meaning of the constitutional provision", and were therefore not "fine art" for the Constitution permitted protection.

</doc>
<doc id="19137521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137521" title="Freebase">
Freebase

Freebase is a large collaborative knowledge base consisting of metadata composed mainly by its community members. It is an online collection of structured data harvested from many sources, including individual 'wiki' contributions. Freebase aims to create a global resource which allows people (and machines) to access common information more effectively. It was developed by the American software company Metaweb and has been running publicly since March 2007. Metaweb was acquired by Google in a private sale announced July 16, 2010. Google's Knowledge Graph is powered in part by Freebase.
Freebase data is freely available for commercial and non-commercial use under a Creative Commons Attribution License, and an open API, RDF endpoint, and database dump are provided for programmers.
Overview.
On March 3, 2007, Metaweb publicly announced Freebase, described by the company as "an open shared database of the world's knowledge," and "a massive, collaboratively edited database of cross-linked data." Often understood as database model using Wikipedia-turned-database or entity-relationship model, Freebase provides an interface that allows non-programmers to fill in structured, or 'meta-data', of general information, and to categorize or connect data items in meaningful, or 'semantic' ways.
Described by Tim O'Reilly upon their launch, "Freebase is the bridge between the bottom up vision of Web 2.0 collective intelligence and the more structured world of the semantic web."
Freebase contains data harvested from sources such as Wikipedia, ChefMoz, NNDB, FMD and MusicBrainz, as well as individually contributed data from its users. The structured data is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License,
and a JSON-based HTTP API is provided to programmers for developing applications on any platform to utilize the Freebase data. The source code for the Metaweb application itself is proprietary.
Freebase runs on a database infrastructure created in-house by Metaweb that utilizes a graph model. This means that instead of using tables and keys to define data structures, Freebase defines its data structure as a set of nodes and a set of links that establish relationships between the nodes. Because its data structure is non-hierarchical, Freebase can model much more complex relationships between individual elements than a conventional database, and is open for users to enter new objects and relationships into the underlying graph. Queries to the database are made in Metaweb Query Language (MQL) and served by a triplestore called graphd.
Development.
Danny Hillis first described his idea for creating a knowledge web he called Aristotle in a paper in 2000. But he said he did not try to build the system until he had recruited two technical experts as co-founders. Robert Cook, in parallel computing and database design, is Metaweb’s executive vice president for product development. John Giannandrea, formerly chief technologist at Tellme Networks and chief technologist of the Web browser group at Netscape/AOL, is the company’s chief technology officer.
Originally accessible by invitation only, Freebase opened full anonymous read access to the public in its alpha stage of development, and now requires registration only for data contributions.
On October 29, 2008, at the International Semantic Web Conference 2008, Freebase released its RDF service for generating RDF representations of Freebase topics, allowing Freebase to be used as Linked Data.
Organization and policy.
Freebase's subjects are called "topics" and the data stored about them depend on their "type", how they are classified. For example, an entry for Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former Governor of California, would be entered as a topic that would include a variety of types describing him as an actor, bodybuilder, and politician. , Freebase has approximately 44 million topics and 2.4 billion facts.
Freebase's ontologies (structured categories), known in Freebase as "types" — are themselves user-editable. Each type has a number of defined predicates, called "properties".
nlike the W3C approach to the semantic web, which starts with controlled ontologies, Metaweb adopts a folksonomy approach, in which people can add new categories (much like tags), in a messy sprawl of potentially overlapping assertions.
In this manner, Freebase differs from the wiki model in many ways. Users can create their own types, but these types aren't adopted in the 'public commons' until promoted by a Metaweb employee. As well, users cannot modify each other's types. The reason Freebase can't open up permissions of schemas is because external apps rely on them; thus changing a type's schema, for instance by deleting a property or changing a simple property, might break queries for API users and even within Freebase itself - in saved views, for example.
Metaweb promotes some users to "expert status", similar to Wikipedia's administrator policy, who are given some admin permissions.
The underlying data storage supports multilingual data, but every user’s display language was forcibly set to English. This will change at some point.
, the only access is via MQL.
Business and community.
The Freebase system is built and patented by Metaweb, a for-profit company, that has been acquired by Google.
In terms of Freebase's relationship with the open data community:
...we have no formal relationship with other open data projects. Though the definition of open data is pretty loose, we try to follow general open data principles by not restricting access to Freebase information to registered users, charging users to access our information, imposing restrictive licenses over the use of Freebase information, or using proprietary or closed technology as a barrier to accessing Freebase information.
Freebase is planning formal mappings of some of their types to established ontologies like FOAF, though this is not a priority.
In the future, the company hopes to also generate profit by organizing proprietary data.

</doc>
<doc id="19137536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137536" title="Victory (1919 film)">
Victory (1919 film)

Victory is a 1919 American film directed by Maurice Tourneur, starring Jack Holt, Seena Owen, Lon Chaney, and Wallace Beery. The movie is an adaptation of the eponymous novel by Joseph Conrad. The screenplay was written by Jules Furthman.

</doc>
<doc id="19137542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137542" title="Elliot Mujaji">
Elliot Mujaji

Elliot Mujaji is a Zimbabwean athlete.
A member of Zimbabwe's national athletics team, he qualified to compete at the 1998 Commonwealth Games before suffering severe burns in an electrical accident while at work. His right arm was amputated, and he remained in a coma for two months.
After recovering, he resumed training, and qualified to compete at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney. He was the fastest runner in the heats of the 200 metres sprint, but was disqualified for having encroached on another lane. He won gold in the 100 metres sprint - Zimbabwe's first ever Paralympic gold medal.
Mujaji competed again at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, and once again won gold in the 100 metres sprint. He will represent Zimbabwe for the third time at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, competing in the 100m and 200m sprints.

</doc>
<doc id="19137558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137558" title="Gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic qualification">
Gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic qualification

These are the results of the women's qualification round, the preliminary round which decided the finalists for all six events for women in artistic gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The qualification round took place on September 17 at the Sydney SuperDome.
The top twelve teams from the 1999 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships completed for places in the team final. Each team was allowed to bring up to six gymnasts. During qualification, each team could have up to five gymnasts compete on each apparatus, and could count the four highest scores for the team total. The six teams with the highest scores in the qualification round advanced to the team final.
Individual gymnasts, including those who were not part of a team, competed for places in the all-around and apparatus finals. The twenty-four gymnasts with the highest scores in the all-around advanced to that final, except that each country could only send three gymnasts to the all-around final. The eight gymnasts with the highest scores on each apparatus advanced to those finals, except that each country could only send two gymnasts to each apparatus final.
In total, 97 gymnasts from 32 countries competed in the qualification round.
Results.
"NOTE: Reflects the IOC and FIG nullifying China's team results for an underage gymnast, Dong Fangxiao, and removing her records from the 1999 World Championships and 2000 Olympic Games, on April 28, 2010."
Finalists.
Team all-around.
"China had qualified but was stripped April 28, 2010 because of age issues."
Individual all-around.
"Dong Fangxiao had qualified but was all records were stripped April 28, 2010 because of age issues, as she was underage."
Vault.
"Dong Fangxiao had qualified but was all records were stripped April 28, 2010 because of age issues, as she was underage."
Floor.
"Dong Fangxiao had qualified but was all records were stripped April 28, 2010 because of age issues, as she was underage."

</doc>
<doc id="19137584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137584" title="State-of-the-Art Reactor Consequence Analyses">
State-of-the-Art Reactor Consequence Analyses

The State-of-the-Art Reactor Consequence Analyses (SOARCA) is a study of nuclear power plant safety conducted by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. This new study updates older studies with the latest state-of-the-art computer models and incorporates new plant safety and security enhancements.

</doc>
<doc id="19137590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137590" title="North Stradbroke Island Historical Museum">
North Stradbroke Island Historical Museum

The North Stradbroke Island Historical Museum is a museum founded in 1987 to present the history of North Stradbroke Island. It is found at 15-17 Welsby Street, in Dunwich on North Stradbroke Island. The museum comprises four buildings: the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum, the main building, the Herdsman's Hut, and a replica of the first Dunwich Post Office. The museum also contains archives with local documents and images.
The museum contains the following exhibits:

</doc>
<doc id="19137597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137597" title="Rollright">
Rollright

Rollright is a civil parish in West Oxfordshire, England. It contains the villages of Great Rollright and Little Rollright and some of the prehistoric Rollright Stones. The parish is on West Oxfordshire's boundary with Cherwell District and Oxfordshire's boundary with Warwickshire.
The name is thought to derive from the Old English "Hrolla-landriht" meaning "the land of Hrolla". 

</doc>
<doc id="19137598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137598" title="Marion's Piazza">
Marion's Piazza

Marion's Piazza is a pizzeria chain based in Dayton, Ohio. Established in 1965 by Marion Glass, the company currently operates 9 restaurants throughout the greater Dayton area. Marion's is renowned for its unique style of pizza, characterized by its traditional preparation and small square slices. The chain is intensely popular with Dayton locals and has been awarded the title of "Best Pizza" 23 times . The notability of the chain is evident in the annual sales consistently reaching over $10 million, from only 7 locations, achieved with little to no advertising Marion's popularity has made it part of Dayton traditions for over 45 years and an essential component to the local culture. The pizzeria's 275 employees made a total of around 1 million pizzas in 2009. Announced January 4, 2010, Marion's is expanding to Troy, and near Cincinnati in Mason, which will bring the number of stores to 9
1965 Price Promotions.
Every 5 years, for one day only, Marion's Piazza sells their traditional menu items at the original 1965 price (e.g., a small cheese pizza for $0.80 and a large deluxe pizza for $2.50).
Kenley Players Cast Parties.
One of the distinct characteristics of every Marion's Piazza location is the photos found on the walls. During the 1960s, 1970s, and into the 1980s, the Kenley Players would hold cast parties at Marion's after their summer theatre performances. Today, the walls are filled with black and white photographs of the parties. Many of the photos are autographed by the celebrities. The photographs include celebrities such as Paul Lynde, Desi Arnaz, Jr., Sandy Duncan, Sally Field, McLean Stevenson, Barry Williams, Gary Sandy, Loni Anderson, Robert Goulet, Mickey Rooney, William Shatner, Tim Conway, Morgan Fairchild, Dom DeLuise, Joyce DeWitt, Billy Crystal, Bill Bixby, Karla DeVito, Rip Taylor, and George Hamilton among others. The photos serve as memorial of Marion's tradition in the Dayton area.

</doc>
<doc id="19137608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137608" title="Alexarchus (historian)">
Alexarchus (historian)

Alexarchus or Alexarch (Greek: ) was an ancient Greek historian, who wrote a work on the history of Italy (), of which Plutarch quotes the third book. Servius mentions an opinion of his respecting the origin of the names Epeirus and Campania, which unquestionably belonged to his work on Italy. The writer of this name, whom Plutarch mentions in another passage, is probably a different person.

</doc>
<doc id="19137610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137610" title="Thrown Away">
Thrown Away

Thrown Away is a short story by British author Rudyard Kipling. It was published in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" (1888), and in subsequent editions of that collection.
"Thrown Away" tells of an unnamed 'Boy', a product of the English "sheltered life system" that Kipling abhors: 
"Let a puppy eat the soap in the bath-room or chew a newly-blacked boot. He chews and chuckles until, by and by, he finds out that blacking and Old Brown Windsor make him very sick; so he argues that soap and boots are not wholesome. Any old dog about the house will soon show him the unwisdom of biting big dogs' ears. Being young, he remembers and goes abroad, at six months, a well-mannered little beast with a chastened appetite. If he had been kept away from boots, and soap, and big dogs till he came to the trinity full-grown and with developed teeth, just consider how fearfully sick and thrashed he would be! Apply that motion to the "sheltered life," and see how it works."
Having been protected from all unpleasantness, the Boy has not been toughened and has not learned "the proper proportions of things". The Boy is sent to India, not having met his parents' expectations at Sandhurst, and becomes a subaltern in an Indian regiment. "This Boy — the tale is as old as the hills — came out and took all things seriously": he quarrels, and remembers disagreements; he gambles; he flirts, and is too serious; he loses money and health; he is reprimanded by his Colonel. When, finally, he is insulted (thoughtlessly) by a woman, he contemplates, and then asks for shooting leave, to go after Big Game where only partridge are to be found. He takes a revolver.
A Major (also nameless) who has taken an interest in the Boy returns from his own leave, and fearing the worst presses the narrator to go with him to visit the Boy. ("'Can you lie?'", the Major asks; "'You know best,' I answered. 'It's my profession'" says the journalist Kipling, ever self-deprecating.) After a furious drive, they find the Boy dead, by suicide — as the Major had feared. They discreetly bury him, concocting a story of cholera. They discover letters that the Boy has written to the Colonel, to the Boy's mother, and to a girl in England. They are moved to tears by reading the letters, but they burn them, and concoct a letter to the Boy's mother, telling the lie about cholera, and others about his great promise etc., which earns her undying gratitude - "the obligation she would be under to us as long as she lived." "All things considered, she was under an obligation, but not exactly as she meant." The Major reveals the cause of his concern — he too had despaired when he was young, and he sympathised with the Boy.
The story has keen psychological observations (the conspirators' combined laughter and choking fits as they prepare their lies) and telling narrative detail. For example, although they are tired, the Major and the narrator remember to "put away Boy's revolver with the proper amount of cartridges in the pouch" in his room.

</doc>
<doc id="19137615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137615" title="Fragments of Lappish Mythology">
Fragments of Lappish Mythology

Fragments of Lappish Mythology is the detailed documented account of the Sami religious beliefs and mythology during the mid-19th century. It was written between 1838–1845 by Swedish minister Lars Levi Laestadius, but was not published until 1997 in Swedish, 2000 in Finnish, and 2002 in English. The book was originally written for the French funded La Recherche Expedition of 1838–1840, but was lost and soon forgotten for many decades thereafter.
Laestadius describes the state of Sami religious beliefs held during his time, which had already long been passing into history by the Christianization of the Sami during this period. The condition of these stories are described as "fragments", as Laestadius himself admitted that there were a great deal of the Sami religious beliefs that he knew little about because of Sami secrecy concerning their beliefs.
Loss and discovery of the book.
Laestadius was invited to participate in the La Recherche Expedition (1838–1840) by the French Navy because he was recognized for his knowledge of botany and the Sami languages, both of which the expedition undertook to study. Laestadius was the field guide for the Norwegian Atlantic islands and in the interior of Northern Norway and Sweden, studying and describing both plant life of the high arctic, and the culture of the Sami people at the time of the expedition. After the expedition, Læstadius was mentioned extensively within the project; however, his Sami chronicle was quickly forgotten as other issues came to the forefront such as Laestadius's personal and moral struggles and his focus on the new Laestadian movement rather than Sami shamanism. Laestadius delayed in sending the complete work of the project rather than piecemealing in single parts, and he personally lacked the money to publish the text himself. The French government also lost interest as there was considerable political instability during the 1840s, ending in the French Revolution of 1848, which finally ended French interest in the whole project and in the "Fragments... " publication. The results of the entire expedition, excluding the "Fragments..." work, became buried in the National archives of France.
Discovery.
Because of the delay in the French government's receipt of "Fragments..." it was not published in the expedition's final publication work. The leader of the expedition, Joseph Paul Gaimard, held Læstadius's work in his private collection until his death in 1858. Thereafter, part 1 of the work was sold to a Xavier Marmier of Pontarlier, France, who upon his death in 1892, willed it to the Pontarlier library. There it stayed in the Marmier's un-catalogued collection until it was discovered in 1933. Parts 2–5 of "Fragments" were sold, as part of Gaimard's estate, to the local antiquarian bookstores, where they ended up in the personal library of French Count Paul Edouard Didier Riantin. Thereafter, their whereabouts remained unknown until they were discovered in 1946 across the Atlantic Ocean in the manuscript archives of Yale University. In 1959, parts 2–5 were microfilmed and added to the university's Swedish library.
Fragments of Lappish Mythology

</doc>
<doc id="19137627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137627" title="Heller Theatre">
Heller Theatre

The Heller Theatre in Tulsa, Oklahoma is the largest community theatre in Oklahoma. It was founded in October 1981 by Ken Spence with the partnership of Theatre Tulsa and has since produced more than one hundred shows including two dozen world premiers. The theater is currently directed by Julie Tattershall operated by the Tulsa Parks and Recreation Department.
The theater was named the Oklahoma Community Theatre Association (OCTA) Theater of the Year in 2005. The Great Plains debut of Yasmina Reza's “The Unexpected Man," translated by Christopher Hampton, received high honors from (OCTA) in 2007. Two of the Heller's most recent shows were named "Top Ten" performances of the Year by the "Tulsa World".
The theater is also home to Oklahoma's oldest comedy troupe, The Laughing Matter Improv, founded in 1993, and Round the Bend Players, one of the nation's leading senior theaters. Its current directors are Rita Boyle and Sherry Zyskowski. Round the Bend's production of Jacob Appel's "The Three Belles of Eden" was a critic's pick in the "Tulsa World".

</doc>
<doc id="19137636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137636" title="Angola at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Angola at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Angola sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country was represented by five athletes, all competing in track and field.
About 10% of Angola's population is reportedly disabled, following the Angolan Civil War.
Medallists.
The country won three medals, all silver.

</doc>
<doc id="19137647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137647" title="List of Austin City Limits performers">
List of Austin City Limits performers

This list of Austin City Limits performers is a list of musicians who have appeared on the American PBS television music program Austin City Limits. Also listed are years in which they appeared. This list does not include performers who otherwise may have appeared at the annual Austin City Limits Music Festival, but who did not appear on the PBS television program.

</doc>
<doc id="19137663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137663" title="List of recurring Tomb Raider characters">
List of recurring Tomb Raider characters

This is a list of recurring characters that appear through the game series, "Tomb Raider".
Jacqueline Natla.
Jacqueline Natla is the primary antagonist of the entire Tomb Raider series. Natla was one of the members of the triumvirate ruling the lost continent of Atlantis. However, she was later condemned for her misuse of power and was imprisoned in a capsule by the other two rulers, Qualopec and Tihocan. After escaping from her prison in 1945 during a nuclear test in Los Alamos, New Mexico, she took on the name Jacqueline and founded her own company called Natla Technologies using her scientific expertise and cunning. In 1996 she hired adventurer Lara Croft to search for Qualopec's piece of the Atlantean Scion in his Tomb located in Peru. Shortly after finding the artefact, Lara was attacked by another adventurer Larson under orders by Natla. Knowing Natla had betrayed her, Lara went in search for the remaining two pieces in Greece and then Egypt. After obtaining the final piece, Lara was ambushed by Natla and her men. Stealing the now assembled artefact, Natla ordered Lara to be killed and left Egypt in her boat heading to Atlantis.
It is inside the Great Pyramid of Atlantis that Natla's grand scheme is revealed: to use the Scion's powers to breed a new race of mutant creatures. Realising this, Lara made her best effort to destroy the Scion. Refusing to let her work be destroyed, Natla charged towards Lara sending them both falling into a deep abyss. While Lara managed to grab a ledge, Natla continued to plummet into the lava pit below. As Lara tries to escape the pyramid Natla, who survived the fall, confronts her a final time, revealing her true appearance. In the end, Lara defeated Natla and escaped the pyramid, leaving Natla inside when it exploded.
Jacqueline Natla returns in "", a game inspired by the original "Tomb Raider" game, developed by Crystal Dynamics. Here she is voiced by Grey DeLisle. In "Anniversary", her role remains the same. However, Natla is visually depicted as taller and as having a much skinnier body frame as well as sharp and almost alien-like facial features, unusually long hair, pale skin and long fingers with long, sharp nails. She also loses her Texan accent.
In this game she also describes herself as immortal and sought to bring about the 'Seventh Age' though what this was remained ambiguous.
In ', several crates containing the "Natla Industries" logo can be seen throughout the final level. Before the release of ' it was not known whether this was meant to imply Amanda Evert, the apparent owner of the crates, had some connection to Natla or if it was merely an easter egg.
Jacqueline Natla returns in "" as a prisoner of Amanda Evert, held prisoner on Amanda's boat in a stasis capsule. Early in the game she tells Lara about Helheim and Avalon being one and the same and informs Lara that she needs Thor's relics to gain access. After visiting Jan Mayen Island to retrieve Thor's hammer, she sets off to the Andaman Sea on the coast of Thailand to find Amanda's ship again. Lara confronts and threatens to kill Natla, but is stopped when Natla explains that a ritual is also needed to open the gates of Helheim; a ritual that only Natla knows. Realising she has no choice if she wants to enter Helheim/Avalon, Lara then smashes the capsule open, allowing Natla to escape. After arriving at Avalon, Natla reveals that she was manipulating Lara to reach an ancient device called the "Midgard Serpent" to bring about the 'Seventh Age.' Lara manages to destroy the device and strike Natla with the thrown Thor's hammer, which causes an explosion that throws Natla into the eitr surrounding the mechanism as it collapses.
In Lara's Shadow, shortly after the events of Underworld, Natla is found to be alive and having escaped from the eitr. Although appearing somewhat thrall-like, she retains her mind. The doppelgänger drags Natla to a machine which was used to create it. The doppelgänger is instructed to activate the machine, which it does. It is then given one final order: to kill Lara Croft, and to take its own life once it is finished. After being released from Natla's control by Lara, the doppelgänger destroys the machine, which causes Natla to be pinned down by the debris. Natla is last seen trapped in a rising pool of eitr, pleading for help as the doppelgänger looks on.
In 2010 IGN ranked Jacqueline Natla 86th in "Top 100 Videogames Villains" saying than "Besides the usual powers that come with being an immortal demon of sorts, Jacqueline has the typical bad guy ability of being able to talk her way out of situations that would otherwise lead to her death".
Larson Conway.
Larson was born in Little Rock, Arkansas, U.S., in 1967. In 1995, he is working with Pierre Dupont in an attempt to acquire the Philosopher's Stone in Rome. He meets with Lara during an opera performance to exchange the Mercury Stone for money. As Lara prepares to hand over a suitcase full of cash, Pierre shows up with a pistol aimed at Lara's head - planning on taking the money and keeping the stone. As Larson and Pierre prepare to leave, Lara kicks the stone out of Larson's hand and jumps off the balcony onto the stage. Escaping the opera house, Lara rides off on a scooter with Larson and Pierre trailing behind. Sliding beneath a half-closed gate, Larson and Pierre continue after her only to crash their car. Larson and Pierre continue to stalk Lara throughout Rome as she collects three more stones to open a gateway that will lead her to the Philosopher's Stone. After finding the final stone, Lara is confronted by Larson and the two fight outside the stone gateway. Wounding Larson, Lara notices three gargoyles animating from the stone building. Despite her warnings, Larson refuses to believe her until it is too late, and is tossed across the garden. He is portrayed as being something of a halfwit, which Pierre attributes to the fact that Larson was "kicked in the head by a horse" at some point in his life. 
In 1996, Larson meets with Lara in India on behalf of Jacqueline Natla, CEO of Natla Technologies. After Lara retrieves a portion of the Scion artefact in Peru, Larson ambushes her in an attempt to steal the artefact. Lara defeats him and is told that Natla has sent Pierre on the trail for the second piece. Later in the game, Larson attacks Lara again in Egypt just before Lara can obtain the final piece, and she kills him in the fight.
Larson returns in Crystal Dynamic's re-imagining of the original game, "Tomb Raider: Anniversary" where he was voiced by Dave Wittenberg.
Larson has a more muscular body compared to the original, now wears a dark blue shirt in place of his red one with the vest, a belt with a buckle shaped of the state of Texas and a slightly different haircut. He is also now equipped with a shotgun.
In the opening cutscene in which Lara is hired by Natla to find the Atlantean Scion, she acknowledges Larson that they have met before. His character in this game is a nicer one, albeit still an enemy. He remains willing to kill however should he succeed in killing Lara during interactive cutscences he expresses his disdain, stating ""It didn't have to be this way," "What a waste..." and "Damn..."".
Further evidence of his reluctance to kill Lara is seen in Peru, where he and Lara engage in a battle. Larson attempts to either knock Lara down or stun her, and only attempts to use his firearm when frustrated. After finding the last piece of the Scion in Egypt, Natla's group ambushes Lara, and as she escapes Natla's thugs, Larson prevents "The Kid," from shooting her, and takes aim himself. However, at the last second, he purposefully aimed to the right, away from Lara, and fired. Furthermore, as she breaks free from their grasp, Kold and The Kid attempt to, respectively, stab or shoot down Lara, while Larson only attempts to pistol whip her.
In Natla's Mines, Larson reveals himself, blocking Lara from continuing any further, confident that Lara won't go as far as to kill him for just doing his job, and because it is just not who she is. However, Lara's obsession with the Scion pushes her into proving his assumption wrong, as she fires at Larson, who, between each of Lara's shots, attempts to raise his own weapon to defend himself. Finally, he suffers one shot too many, and falls down. Before quickly dying, he reaches out his hand towards Lara.
The unlockable in-game commentary states that the pair had a certain chemistry between them and Lara was deeply disturbed by her actions afterwards.
Pierre Dupont.
Pierre Dupont was born in Nantes, France, in 1951. In 1995, he is working with Larson in an attempt to acquire the Philosopher's Stone in Rome. He meets with Lara Croft during an opera performance to exchange the Mercury Stone for money. As Lara prepares to hand over a suitcase full of cash, Pierre holds Lara at gunpoint - planning on taking the money and keeping the stone. However, as Larson and Pierre prepare to leave, Lara kicks the stone out of Pierre's hand and jumps off the balcony onto the stage, escaping the opera house. A chase ensues, and is ended when Pierre and Larson crash their car into a half closed gate. Larson and Pierre continue to stalk Lara throughout Rome as she collects three more stones to open a gateway that will lead her to the Philosopher's Stone. Inside the Coliseum, Lara slips off a ledge with Pierre standing right above her. She agrees not to lay a finger on him if he helps her up, but catches him off guard with a "boo" causing Pierre to slip off the ledge which causes him to be injured very badly.
In late 1996, Pierre is hired by Jacqueline Natla to find the second part of the Scion artefact in Greece. However, he is followed into St Francis' Folly by Lara, and attempts to kill her on a number of occasions. After Lara arrives at the Tomb of Tihocan, she encounters Pierre and the two engage in a gunfight for the piece of the Scion. The fight ends with Pierre being shot dead.
In Anniversary, Pierre taunts her at a few triggered stages, until Lara reaches the Tomb of Tihocan. There, Pierre reveals to have obtained the piece of the Scion before Lara, and holds her at gunpoint before Lara manages to fight back, causing him to flee. However, as soon as he steps out, the two centaur statues outside the tomb turn to life and attack Pierre, who, in a moment of cowardice, throws the piece of the Scion to Lara, in hope that their attention will then be driven to her instead. Unfortunately for him, they decided to kill him before turning to Lara - and thus, in this version, Lara does not kill Pierre Dupont. Also, in the original games, Pierre has long hair; in Anniversary, he is bald.
Winston Smith.
Lara's butler who is often seen at Croft Manor. He rarely plays any role in the game's plot, usually only seen in Lara's Mansion, in the 2nd and 3rd games he follows Lara around the mansion, carrying a tray with what seems to be blue mugs on it and often farts and groans. One of the secrets in the 2nd and 3rd game was the ability to lock Winston in a large freezer.
In" Tomb Raider Chronicles", he sits around a table with various other friends of Lara as they recall Lara's past adventures. He tells the story of how Lara finds the Philosopher's Stone in Rome, while being stalked by Larson Conway and Pierre Dupont. He also tells how Lara stole the "Iris" artefact from Von Croy's company building.
In "Tomb Raider: Legend" he stands beside the fireplace in Croft Manor and offers advice to Lara in cutscenes. He also appears in the manor level of "Tomb Raider: Anniversary". He is voiced by Alan Shearman.
He appears during the Prologue level and the Croft Manor level of "". When Lara finds that one of Thor's Gauntlets may be in her grandfathers grave, Winston reveals a secret passage in the "Tech Room" that leads to the Croft family Crypt. He, Lara, Zip and Alister investigate the crypt and find that below Lara's grandfather's coffin is another secret passage, which Lara then goes into to find the Gauntlet. Meanwhile Winston and Zip are attacked by a Lara doppelgänger sent by Natla and Amanda Evert to retrieve the "Wraith Stone" and Croft Manor is then set on fire. Winston and Zip then try to escape through the main door, when Lara appears. Winston stops Zip from shooting her after he mistakes her for the doppelgänger. Lara then tells the two to get out of the Mansion. Winston waits with Zip for the authorities when Lara emerges with Alister's dead body, who had been shot by the doppelgänger. Lara announces to the two she is leaving for Mexico to find Thor's belt and kill Natla. Winston is not seen again for the rest of the game.
Sophia Leigh.
Like Jacqueline Natla, Sophia Leigh is a businesswoman. Leigh owns a cosmetics company in London, UK. It is revealed in "Tomb Raider III" that Sophia has been performing sick experiments on people to test her products, many of whom she thought dead due to her failed experiments, they were dumped in the sewers. Sophia started using an artefact she had come across, called the "Eye of Isis", which, unknown to her, was one of four meteor artefacts Lara Croft is looking for during the events in "Tomb Raider III".
Sophia Leigh first appears in this game when Lara travels to London to find the Eye of Isis. Sophia sends a number of assassins, under her employment, to kill Lara. However, they are all unsuccessful and Lara climbs through a ventilation shaft to Sophia's office where she is sitting with the artefact on her desk. Sophia mockingly offers Lara a job, telling her that with her lifestyle she would be the perfect face for her products. Lara then tells Sophia the people she experimented on were still alive and that they helped her find Sophia. Lara demands she hand over the artefact, which she refuses to do. Sophia takes the artefact and runs out to the balcony and across to the other building, she then uses the artefact to shoot green shards at Lara who works her way up Sophia's building and across to the one she is on. Lara defeats Sophia by shooting a fuse box connected to an electrical bridge that Sophia was standing on during the end battle causing her to get fatally electrocuted.
Sophia Leigh is also the final boss in "", where she attempts to use the Hand of Rathmore.
Sophia Leigh was voiced by Judith Gibbins, the same voice actress who did Lara Croft in "Tomb Raider II" & "Tomb Raider III".
Werner Von Croy.
"Werner Von Croy" is a world renowned archaeologist and explorer, and also the mentor of the young Lara Croft. He was born in Vienna, Austria in 1940.
When Lara was sixteen years old, Von Croy took her on a journey to Angkor Wat in Cambodia for her very first adventure in 1984 in a training level at the start of the game in "". The purpose of this exercise was to instruct Lara in exploration techniques and also to instil a respect for the past in her; for the gamer, this acts an introductory and training level. Ironically, Von Croy's downfall comes as a result of his greed, as when he reaches the sanctuary of the Iris in Angkor Wat, he completely disrespects the temple carvings which warn vengeance on those who remove the Iris. These events are covered in the first two levels, Angkor Wat and Race For The Iris. At the conclusion of Race For The Iris, Von Croy is left entombed in the sanctuary while Lara escapes.
Fifteen years later, and Von Croy encounters Lara again; this time contesting his attempts to claim the Amulet of Horus from the Tomb of Set in the Valley of the Kings. During the events of the game, Von Croy is possessed by the god Set, as a vessel through which Set can complete his objectives.
Von Croy witnesses Lara's apparent death at the Temple of Horus underneath the Great Pyramid. He offers her assistance, but the tomb collapses on top of Lara and Von Croy, mirroring the start of the game, only just makes it to safety. Thus ends Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation.
In "Tomb Raider Chronicles", a story was told of Lara's past in which she recovers the Iris from Von Croy in his high-tech American business headquarters called Von Croy Industries (VCI). This is also the first appearance of Zip, Lara's technological partner. At the end of this game a cutscene plays with Von Croy and a digging team finding Lara's backpack in the ruins, picking up from the end of "Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation".
Between the events of "The Last Revelation" and "", Von Croy finds Lara again in Egypt. However, Lara seems unable to forgive Werner's actions in Egypt. Lara visits Von Croy's apartment in Paris at his request. However, he is murdered by the Monstrum, a serial killer but Lara is suspected of his murder, and "The Angel Of Darkness" begins.
Zip.
Zip is described in "Tomb Raider: Legend" as Lara's right-hand man and he is also described as knowing about "all things geeky".
He first appears in "Tomb Raider: Chronicles" as an extroverted technical genius with a bubbly sense of humour. When Lara breaks into Von Croy's building to acquire the Iris, he communicates with her via a headset and advises her on what to do and how to navigate through the building, often cracking jokes and bickering with Lara in between doing so.
He re-appears in "Tomb Raider: Legend" and plays a similar role as in his original appearance, communicating with Lara via a headset once again. At one point he and Alister are attacked by Amanda as she breaks into Lara's mansion. He and Alister help Lara from a tech van when she find King Arthur's tomb. Zip is somewhat less of an extrovert in Legend, with more of a subtle personality - albeit retaining the tendency to crack jokes during missions.
He next appears in '. He communicates with Lara via a laptop at the start of the first and second level. When Lara returns from Thailand, she, Zip, Alister and Winston find a secret passage in the "Tech Room" that leads to the Croft family Crypt, where Lara discovers a secret passage at her grandfather's coffin. While Lara is investigating this, Zip along with Winston are attacked by a creature that looks very similar to Lara. They are able to escape this doppelgänger and try to escape Croft Manor, which is caught on fire, through the main doors. The real Lara then appears, this causes Zip to shoot at her, mistaking her for the doppelgänger. Winston stops him, telling him Lara and the doppelgänger are two different people. Zip then escapes the mansion with Winston and waits with him, until Lara brings Alister's dead body from the mansion. Lara announces that she is going to Mexico to find Thor's belt, then Thor's Hammer and then kill Natla who created the doppelgänger who killed Alister. Zip later gives Lara the co-ordinates to the ruins where she finds Thor's Hammer.
Alister Fletcher.
Alister Fletcher is one of Lara's closest allies in ' and returned in '. Born August 27, 1974. He is Lara's research assistant and is described on the "Tomb Raider: Legend" website as providing another "mind filled with arcane historical information". He is also described as "tense and prickly" and as "taking himself too seriously". He is a 15th year Doctorate student at the University of Oxford in Italy. He hasn't received his dissertation yet because of his belief that everything is connected to everything else makes it impossible for him to draw the line between boundaries.
In "Tomb Raider: Legend", he, along with Zip, communicate with Lara via her headset. He returns from Italy after having his dissertation rejected at the beginning of the game while Lara is in Bolivia. He sometimes gives advice concerning ancient civilizations. He and Zip are attacked by a terrible creature as Amanda Evert breaks into Lara's home while she is away in Ghana, looking for the Ghalali Key. He is confronted by Amanda at this time to reveal all he knows about the sword that Lara is looking for. He gives Lara advice when she enters King Arthur's tomb from a tech van along with Zip.
In "" he still works with Lara, communicating with her through her Laptop on her yacht in the first two levels. However, after Lara returns home to explore the passage under her grandfathers crypt, he is shot twice in the heart by Lara's doppelgänger while trying to escape the burning mansion, and later dies in Lara's arms whilst she is trying to save him. Lara then carries his body out of the mansion and lays him on the ground, where Winston checks his pulse and Lara and Zip grieve over his loss.
He is voiced by Greg Ellis.
Amanda Evert.
Amanda Evert first appeared in the game "". In the game it is said she is fascinated by myths and legends and was Lara Croft's friend in university. She is voiced by Kath Soucie. She in the main antagonist of and the antagonist for the first part of the game of .
A flashback in "Tomb Raider: Legend" shows how she, Lara and their friends from university entered a tomb, however the pair find their friends dead and get split up. They are then stalked by an Unknown Entity; eventually the two meet up where Amanda is trying to remove a stone from the wall, hoping it will unlock a door as the Entity comes into the room. Amanda just manages to pull the stone from the wall as the Entity attacks Lara, it makes the Entity vanish but makes the room collapse partly and water enters the tomb. Lara tries to save Amanda but she is trapped and she appears to die as rocks fall around her, during this flashback Amanda has blond hair.
During the present day events of the game, Amanda is paired with "James Rutland" as they attempted to find the pieces of the legendary Excalibur. However Lara also begins finding the pieces of the swords and Amanda breaks into her mansion while she is in Ghana, Africa in an attempt to find the Ghalali Key, which she thinks Lara has. Amanda and Lara finally meet again in Kazakhstan where both of them are looking for a sword piece. Lara tries to reconcile with Amanda but Amanda ignores Lara setting her men on her. The two meet again in a room in the Kazakhstan laboratory where it is said the supernatural was being investigated. Amanda then reveals she is in control of the Unknown Entity and sets it on Lara. Lara avoids it and takes the next piece of the sword from the laboratory. Amanda is next seen in the final level, set in Bolivia, where Lara has already reforged Excalibur. Amanda and Rutland set their men on Lara who defeats them with Excalibur. Rutland is accidentally killed in the battle. Amanda then merges with the Entity to fight Lara in the final battle, however, Lara defeats her and the Entity. In the final scene of the game, Lara uses Excalibur and the Stone Dais to open up the portal in where she seemingly talks to her mother, however, it is then shown it is her mother talking before she disappears. Amanda wakes up and tells Lara to remove the sword from the dais. Lara's mother thinks Amanda is talking to her and removes the sword from her side of the portal, explaining her disappearance. Lara then points her gun at Amanda and demands she explain what had just happened. Amanda reveals that Lara's mother is in Avalon, saying it is not a myth and gets angry at Lara for closing the portal. Lara knocks Amanda out and leaves.
Amanda returns in ' where it is revealed she has Jacqueline Natla imprisoned in a stasis capsule. She is first seen in the first level where her ship is in the Mediterranean Sea, as she sends mercenaries underwater to find Thor's Gauntlet. Her mercenaries take it from Lara who has already found it and they give it to Amanda back on her ship. On the ship Amanda interrogates Natla about the Gauntlet, who says only Lara can use it now as she wore it first. Amanda leaves and has Natla in her stasis transported via helicopter to Amanda's other ship as the ship begins to sink, as Lara and the mercenaries cause an explosion. Amanda also leaves on this helicopter, however, Lara shoots at her from the sinking boat, so Amanda throws the Gauntlet into the sea, causing Lara to jump in after it. Amanda then sends a doppelgänger of Lara to her mansion to find the Wraith stone she used in ' to control the now dead Unknown Entity. The doppelgänger, who it seems was created by Natla, retrieves the stone and returns it to Amanda. Lara then attacks Amanda's new ship, and finds Natla inside of it. Amanda and the doppelgänger walk in on her threatening to kill Natla with Thor's Hammer. Amanda pulls out the Wraith Stone ready to fight Lara, but the doppelgänger suddenly picks Amanda up and throws her down a hole in the room, seemingly killing her. However, Amanda follows Lara and the released Natla to Helhiem under the Arctic Ocean. She is next seen when the doppelgänger pins Lara down in a room in the ruins at the bottom of the Arctic. Amanda stops the doppelgänger by using the Wraith Stone to throw it over a ledge, seemingly killing it. Amanda reveals she is still bitter at Lara but agrees to hold back the attacking Thralls so Lara can stop Natla from using the Serpent to destroy life on Earth. While Lara is proceeding to bring down the Serpent, Amanda runs into the huge cave where it is located. Natla throws a fireball at her, causing her to fall unconscious. After Lara brings down the Serpent and kills Natla, she runs towards Amanda. Helping her get up, Amanda declines by shoving Lara's hand off, rejecting any help from Lara. After Amanda makes an insult regarding Amelia's death, the two then discover another Stone Dais from "", which they use to teleport them to the Stone Dais in Nepal. Amanda attempts attacking Lara but restrains, as Lara reasons with her. Amanda then leaves Lara, as her Wraith Stone powers down.
Doppelgänger.
In the original "Tomb Raider" game and "", Lara encounters the doppelgänger, a creature of no skin and no hair, who imitates Lara's movement. At the end of The Level Atlantis, Lara first encounters the doppelgänger, but kills it by tricking it into falling into a lava pit. In "Tomb Raider: Anniversary", it is also an unlockable costume for Lara. It is unlocked by collecting one relic in lost island levels.
In "", Lara encounters another doppelgänger. However, this one no longer copies Lara and makes its own movement, and is mainly ordered by Natla. The new doppelgänger looks just like Lara, with skin and hair, but she has yellowish eyes, red braided hair, paler skin, a different outfit, and has a superhuman ability to move around extremely fast. The new doppelgänger is first featured blowing up Croft Manor in the teaser trailer. She did not speak at all throughout the whole story.
When Lara's manor is on fire, Zip says that the doppelgänger tried to shoot him, which he had first mistaken for Lara. Later on, when Lara is checking the tech room to find out where Alister is, and who opened the vault to blow up her manor, she meets the doppelgänger for the first time, who also kills Alister as he is passing by. Lara opens the tech room door and starts fighting with the doppelgänger, although it is very fast and can dodge Lara's bullets. When Lara is on the floor, she runs out through the high level of the burning building, jumping distances beyond Lara's ability to jump. The doppelgänger is found again on Amanda's ship in the Andaman sea. When Lara faces with Amanda, the doppelgänger is seen to be looking at Natla, and throws Amanda far into the ground. Lara again tries to kill the doppelgänger with Thor's hammer, but being faster than she is, the doppelgänger escapes the bolts from the hammer. Later on, in Helheim, the doppelgänger is seen once more. She again tries to kill Lara by pinning her to the ground, however, the doppelgänger is suddenly lifted into the air and thrown into the eitr by Amanda, saving Lara.
Following the events in Helheim, the doppelgänger is seen again in Beneath the Ashes and Lara's Shadow. In Beneath the Ashes, it appears at the very end of the level. Lara uses the Eitr Stone to command a newly risen thrall to attack the doppelgänger, who easily defeats the thrall and moves to attack Lara, only to be stopped at the last second when Lara utters the "magic word" on the Eitr Stone to assume command of the doppelgänger. Issuing it only one command, "make Natla suffer", the doppelgänger disappears.
In Lara's Shadow, it is shown how the doppelgänger survived Amanda's attack: she was knocked unconscious after landing on the floor below. Later on in the level, it is also revealed that Natla is still alive, but severely injured. The doppelgänger finds her by the stone dais in Helheim, and obediently returns her to the pod in which the doppelgänger was created. The doppelgänger returns to Lara's mansion in order to kill her, but Lara uses the Eitr Stone to disrupt Natla's control, giving the doppelgänger free will.
In order to "make sure Natla suffers", the doppelgänger returns to Natla and destroys her pod, causing Natla to fall into the eitr. The Atlantean Queen tries to command the doppelgänger once more and save her, but it is no longer a slave.

</doc>
<doc id="19137665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137665" title="Chicago Bears all-time roster">
Chicago Bears all-time roster

This list includes all players who have ever been signed or played with the Chicago Bears.
Offseason members, practice squad members, and people who never played a regular season game with the franchise are included and denoted by "italics".
People only, or primarily involved in management, front-office, and coaches are denoted by a star (*).
Persons currently under contract with the franchise, or working for it, are indicated in boldface type.
Z.
Chris Zorich drafted in 1991 in second round 

</doc>
<doc id="19137670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137670" title="Uganda at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Uganda at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Uganda sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. According to official records, the only athlete was powerlifter Billy Ssengendo.

</doc>
<doc id="19137682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137682" title="Princess Adelheid of Schaumburg-Lippe">
Princess Adelheid of Schaumburg-Lippe

Princess Adelheid of Schaumburg-Lippe (9 March 1821, Bückeburg, Schaumburg-Lippe – 30 July 1899, Itzehoe, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany) was a member of the House of Schaumburg-Lippe and a Princess of Schaumburg-Lippe by birth. Through her marriage to Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, Adelheid was a sister-in-law of Christian IX of Denmark and Duchess consort of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg from 14 October 1878 to 27 November 1885.
Family.
Adelheid was the second-eldest daughter of George William, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe and Princess Ida of Waldeck and Pyrmont. Adelheid was a younger sister of Adolf I, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe.
Marriage and issue.
Adelheid married Prince Friedrich of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (later Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg), the second-eldest son of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse-Kassel, on 16 October 1841 in Bückeburg, Schaumburg-Lippe. Friedrich and Adelheid had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="19137684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137684" title="Colombia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Colombia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Colombia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19137691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137691" title="Alexarchus of Corinth">
Alexarchus of Corinth

Alexarchus or Alexarch (Greek: ) of Corinth was an ancient Greek general who, while the Lacedaemonians were fortifying Deceleia in Attica in 413 BC, and were sending an expedition to Sicily, was entrusted with the command of 600 hoplites, with whom he joined the Sicilian expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="19137702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137702" title="Russia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Russia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Russia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19137726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137726" title="Santa Esperanza">
Santa Esperanza

Santa Esperanza is a 2004 non-linear novel by Georgian writer Aka Morchiladze. "Santa Esperanza" can be read in any order, an unusual format for a novel.
Non-linear format.
As the entire story is narrated in a particular way, there are certain rules for the reader to follow. Santa Esperanza has neither a cover, nor an ordinary binding. This is a coarse traveler’s bag full of booklets and a map. Each of 36 booklets has its own number and color (faded brown, yellow, green and blue). They remind of playing cards and invite the reader to play the literary game: read the booklets in different order and you will get either 4 different novels, 9 large stories, 36 short stories or one huge novel.
Plot.
Santa Esperanza is a multi-cultural country stretched on three small islands lost somewhere in the middle of the Black Sea. The islands are inhabited by the Georgians, the Genoese (descendants of the Black Sea settlers), the Turks and the British. The islands are often visited by tourists, who essentially view the place as an earthly Paradise. However, there are occasional tourists who take a closer look at the distinct and singular culture, as well as the traditions turned into taboos.
Since the Crimean War, the Island has been under British rule. Apparently, at that time they leased the three islands for 150 years from the last governor Sarri-Beg, a Turk of Georgian origin. The main story of the novel unfolds in 2002, when the British leave the islands and Santa Esperanza gains independence. The rivalry between the local powerful clans grows into a civil war, which has no clear political coloring, it rather is a clash of spiritual monsters reared during the lull of several centuries. For this reason, the war has no obvious cause, and the only tangible conflict is the primacy of the clan to receive the state insignia from the British Governor. The hostilities are instigated by the Visramianis, the wealthiest Georgian clan, owners of one of the islands. The family traditions and internal regulations comprise a sophisticated system of numerous prohibitions and complicated, opinionated restrictions, which eventually causes dramatic developments in the personal lives of the younger generation.
One of the central stories is a love relation between Salome Visramiani and Sandro da Costa, the heir of an eminent Genoese family. For nearly twenty years the Visramianis have been fighting the relationship of their girl with the lad brought up on completely different principles and traditions. The Visramianis call themselves ‘the Preserved’ while looking down on the Genoese, considering them foreigners, and opposing the marriage of the loving couple.
The love between Salome and Sandro, which began in school, finishes tragically: in the ensuing chaos, Salome, turned into a drug addict in the turmoil, becomes the head of her family, which eventually brings Sandro, the young poet stranded in the other part of the city torn by the hostilities, to commit suicide. The novel abounds in extracts from his diary and unsent letters, telling their adventures from childhood to the war onset.
Another narrative line of the novel describes the life of Data, the prodigal son of the Visramiani clan. He is obsessed with playing cards, an ungainly and unacceptable pastime for the millionaire’s family. Data’s appearance on the pages uncovers yet another layer in the traditions and cultural life of Santa Esperanza, related to a popular local card game Intee (‘run’). The 36 booklets of the novel are designed following the Intee structure and their titles represent individual cards. The game is absolutely dissimilar to any other known card game, as it presupposes its own rules combined with no less complicated regulations reflecting life itself.
The other local tradition that Data is tightly linked to is the singing: a unique kind of folk song, the Blue Song, only performed by women. Due to their proverbial passion, they were prescribed to hide their faces behind veils. Even nowadays, as a result of the ancient custom, the women remain faceless and nameless singing in clubs with restricted access. The emergence of the Blue Songs was rather strange too: a woman would sit at the waterfront, accompanying the waves with her wordless, but deeply emotional singing. Data is infatuated by Kesane, one of the singers. She also falls victim to the civil war: captured by the guardsmen, she jumps from the Citadel keep.
Data, together with Panteleimon, an Orthodox monk, his only and the most loyal friend, flee the turmoil in a boat, not knowing whether they are going to ever reach any coast. The Eastern Orthodox Monastery is the oldest stone building of the island. It was here that the monks used to write the local history, preserving and unveiling the past in their chronicles.
One of the main metaphors of the novel is a pair of windows. One is in the Monastery, through which a monk first observed a strangely grieving woman singing her Blue Song on the beach many years ago. The other is in the Citadel (which housed the museum during the British rule) from which Kesane, the bluemarina, jumped. These two windows have been facing each other for centuries over the old Slave Market Square, used for exactly that purpose in the Middle Ages. One can get an absolutely stunning view of Santa City from these windows.
It is through the Monastery window that an old-fashioned arrow finds its prey, Nick, a mobster seeking refuge on Santa Esperanza. He fled Georgia only to find himself involved in the islanders’ entangled relationships. The Visramianis force him to marry Salome, but a mysterious intrigue and a constant necessity to hide, make him an irreconcilable opponent of his new family.
There are 25 active characters in the novel. Among them are three British intelligence agents trying to ensure a peaceful transition of power. The British political priority is a formal hand-over of the island to the direct descendant of Sarri-Beg, the last governor. This happens to be an old woman known as Queen Agatha, who lives alone in considerable poverty in her small cottage. Nick, the Georgian mobster, and Parna the Standard Bearer, a professional gambler and Data’s friend, are among her courtiers, who share a tragic end with their Sovereign.
Another line of the plot is the story of the Sungalis, who make up the fighting force of the opposing sides. This ethnic group, inhabiting one of the three islands, has its own century-old insular traditions and customs, demonstrating unwillingness to mingle and inter-marry the multi-cultural population of the main island.
Seven or eight centuries ago, having decided to safeguard them, one of the Georgian kings asked the then governor of Santa Esperanza to take these people under his protection. (It was not uncommon for the Georgian rulers of the olden days to hide entire villages from the Mongol tax-collectors.)
The Sungalis are illiterate peasants with a militant spirit, who strictly follow their archaic traditions and live in small communities on their island, where everyone is everyone else’s relative. In the tourist attraction areas they work as guards in cafes, restaurants, clubs and hotels. These goblin-like people are extremely open-hearted and ingenuous, though fighting and warfare is in their blood. With the Esperanza clans it is an old tradition to take them as servants, guards and bailiffs. As a result, every clan has a formidable host of the Sungalis at its disposal.
The Sungalis have their own hereditary priests, but they don’t liaise with any official church. These people stranded in the history have two leaders: a retired bailiff Khetia, who keeps a country guest-house, and Martia, the head of the Visramiani security. The friendship and enmity of the two men with complex characters determine much in the narrative. Sly and crafty Khetia leads the rebellion. He is the one behind the entire intrigue, which eventually threw the country into the civil war. Resisting the whole idea of the war with all his heart, Martia nevertheless finds himself deeply involved in it, which finally leads to his death.
Martia is hopelessly in love with Salome, also adored by a former sailor Luka, who is the author of a once best-seller. Luka’s character seems to have travelled from an old-fashioned novel. Despite numerous hardships, he radiates kindness and cheerfulness, his unbelievable stories and adventures entertain everyone around him. Luka’s line is entwined with that of his ex-wife, Jessica de Rider, the author of popular romances.
One of the characters is Lamour the Walker, the representative of an old local trade: in the pre-newspaper times, his ancestors used to make a living by passing the news across and between the islands. But he manages to combine his hereditary trade with the job of a private eye, which enables him to sell gossip in a most cynical manner. Another character is Monica Uso di Mare, a journalist desperately in love with Sandro da Costa. She is the reason of unhappiness of an English writer Edmond Clever, who is famous for his several books featuring Santa Esperanza. One of his books is In Search of the Lost Pipe dedicated to yet another local myth: governor Ali-Bey had a pipe of such length that its end rested on the other island and seagulls were perched on it. Several pieces of the legendary pipe are truly sacred for a lot of islanders. One of them is Morad-Bey, a coffee-shop owner, trying to collect all the pieces in order to put them together.
Rummaging through Queen Agatha’s possessions, Alfredo da Costa, the Museum Director, comes across a sack full of the pipe pieces. Three British agents assemble them only to find that Ali-Bey’s pipe was actually much shorter than it was believed. Alfredo da Costa, Sandro’s uncle and the sole survivor of the family, sets to work on the family history in the post-war Santa City.
Just before the hostilities began, austere and mighty patriarch Constantine Visramiani died of haemorrhage. On his deathbed he clearly realised where his ambition had brought the entire country, but was unable to say anything due to serious brain damage. However, he managed to scribble the word ‘run’ on the blanket for his grandson Data to see. Data and Salome’s mother Kaya becomes a hostage of her own clan. Salome succeeds in putting an end to the hostilities, but the flourishing Santa Esperanza of the British period is razed to the ground. The main characters are dead. The culture and traditions reigning the small country throughout the centuries lie waste. The book finishes with the dramatic events unfolding on the Sungali Island, as it is attacked by the peace-keeping forces from three sides.

</doc>
<doc id="19137727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137727" title="NAC Fieldmaster">
NAC Fieldmaster

The NAC Fieldmaster was a British agricultural aircraft of the 1980s. A turboprop powered single-engined monoplane, it was built in small numbers and used both as a cropsprayer and a firefighting aircraft.
Development and design.
NDN Aircraft, which was set up in 1976 by Desmond Norman, one of the founders of Britten-Norman, the manufacturers of the Islander, to build the Firecracker trainer, designed a new agricultural aircraft. The resulting aircraft, the NDN-6 Fieldmaster was a large single-engined low-winged monoplane with a fixed nosewheel undercarriage, powered by a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 turboprop engine, the first western-built agricultural aircraft to be designed for turboprop power. Novel features included an integral hopper made of Titanium to carry its chemical payload, which was dispersed via spray nozzles built into the flaps under the aircraft's wings. 
The first prototype flew on 17 December 1981 at NDN's airfield at Sandown, Isle of Wight. TNDN moved premises to Cardiff, Wales in 1985, renaming itself the Norman Aeroplane Company (NAC). Production finally started in 1987. It was intended that parts would be produced by UTVA in Pančevo, Yugoslavia (now in Serbia) to be assembled at Cardiff.
NAC went into receivership in 1988, after the production of six Fieldmasters, including the prototype. Brooklands Aerospace attempted to continue production, rebuilding one of the Fieldmasters with a more powerful engine as a specialised fire-fighting aircraft as the Firemaster 65, but these attempts were stopped by the outbreak of civil war in Yugoslavia.
A final attempt at production was made by the Turkish Aeronautical Association ("Türk Hava Kurumu" - THK) who started license production in 1997. This ended in 1999 after completion of two complete aircraft and a further two airframes lacking engines.

</doc>
<doc id="19137736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137736" title="Syria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Syria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Syria sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.
Medallists.
The country won one medal, a bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="19137756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137756" title="Romantic Tales">
Romantic Tales

Romantic is the third studio album album by the German gothic metal band Darkseed. It was released in 1998, with Nuclear Blast. Songs 1-4 are from the band's 1996 ep, "Romantic Tales", and songs 5-8 are from the demo, "Darksome Thoughts" originally released in 1993,
Lineup.
Guest Musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="19137758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137758" title="Baluwa">
Baluwa

Baluwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19137760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137760" title="Nigeria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Nigeria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Nigeria sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country was represented by 28 athletes competing in four sports: powerlifting, table tennis, wheelchair tennis and track and field. The Nigerian team included eight powerlifters.
Wheelchair tennis.
The Nigerian wheelchair tennis team consisted of a single competitor, 19-year-old Wasiu Yusuf. Yusuf qualified for the Games through a wildcard awarded to him for winning the ITF Silver Fund Cup for Africa in October 2007. He participated in the men's singles event in Beijing and was knocked out in the first round by a loss to Stefan Olsson of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19137779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137779" title="Casey McGehee">
Casey McGehee

Casey Michael McGehee (born October 12, 1982) is an American professional baseball third baseman and first baseman for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball. He has previously played in MLB for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Chicago Cubs, Milwaukee Brewers and New York Yankees. He also played for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of Nippon Professional Baseball.
Early life.
McGehee graduated from Soquel High School in Soquel, California, and attended Fresno State University.
Baseball career.
Chicago Cubs.
McGehee was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the tenth round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft out of Fresno State. McGehee was a September call-up for the Cubs in 2008, making his major league debut on September 2. He went 0 for 1 in his first game.
Milwaukee Brewers.
Following the season, he was claimed off of waivers by the Milwaukee Brewers, and added to their 40-man roster.
2009.
On March 31, 2009, it was announced that he would be a reserve infielder for the Brewers in 2009. When Ryan Braun got injured, third baseman Bill Hall played at Braun's position in left field, while McGehee started at third base. When Rickie Weeks got injured, he made his first start at second base. With Bill Hall struggling at the plate, and Mat Gamel struggling on defense, he saw a lot of time at third base. He hit his first home run on June 14, 2009 off of Mark Buehrle of the Chicago White Sox; it was one of his two RBIs in the game. On June 29, 2009, he hit his first career grand slam off of New York Mets pitcher Brian Stokes, which came after he committed an error that led to two unearned runs. On July 4, McGehee had career highs of four hits and five RBIs against the Chicago Cubs. Although he came up short on the NL Rookie of the Year balloting for 2009, his solid season cemented him a starting job at third base for the Brewers in 2010.
2010.
McGehee was voted the Brewers' Most Valuable Player. He edged out second baseman Rickie Weeks and outfielder Corey Hart for the award. McGehee batted .285 with 23 home runs and a team-leading 104 RBIs in 157 games. On August 12, McGehee sets a team record with nine consecutive hits in going 4 for 4 in the Brewers' 8-4 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks. McGehee hit a home run, a double, and two singles, driving in four and scoring three runs to lead Milwaukee. He grounded out in his first at-bat the next day to end his streak.
2011.
In 2011, he batted .223 with 13 home runs, three of which came in the same game on August 3. All three were off of St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Edwin Jackson. He led all NL third basemen in errors, with 20.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On December 12, 2011, hours after the Brewers agreed to a contract with Aramis Ramírez, McGehee was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates for José Veras.
New York Yankees.
On July 31, 2012, McGehee was traded to the New York Yankees for RHP Chad Qualls. The Yankees traded for 1B/3B McGehee after injuries to Alex Rodriguez and Mark Teixeira.
On Aug. 28, 2012, McGehee was optioned to Class-A Charleston to make room on the 25-man roster for a recently acquired Steve Pearce. He was recalled when rosters expanded in September.
Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles.
He signed a $1.5 million contract to play in Japan for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles on December 21, 2012. McGehee led the Golden Eagles to their 1st Japan Series title. Also leading the way were Japan Series MVP Manabu Mima and fellow former MLB outfielder Andruw Jones.
Miami Marlins.
On December 18, 2013 McGehee signed a one-year deal with the Miami Marlins.

</doc>
<doc id="19137801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137801" title="César Pellegrín">
César Pellegrín

César Eduardo Pellegrín García (born 5 March 1979 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan association footballer who plays for Rampla Juniors. Currently a free agent.
Pellegrín played in 1997 and 1999 FIFA U-20 World Cup. 1999 he won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19137818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137818" title="Escanaba and Lake Superior Railroad">
Escanaba and Lake Superior Railroad

The Escanaba and Lake Superior Railroad is a privately held shortline railroad that operates in Northeastern Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The ELS has expanded from the original 65 miles that was purchased in 1978 to over 235 miles as of 2005.
The ELS' main line stretches from Ontonagon, MI to Green Bay, WI. The railroad also connects to Channing, MI, Republic, MI, and Wells, MI, where the railroad is headquartered. Oconto Falls, WI and Marinette, WI/Menominee, MI are connected through branch lines. The E&LS has trackage rights over the Canadian National Railway from Escanaba, MI to Pembine, WI, connecting with it in 4 locations: Green Bay, Escanaba, Pembine, and Iron Mountain, MI.
It is also known to have the only two surviving Baldwin RF-16 "Shark Noses". However these are kept in storage and away from the public. Wisconsin and Calumet Railroad EMD FP7 #96A was later repainted and renumbered to WSOR #71A and currently operates on the ELS as their #600. Several other ex-WICT F-units are stored on ELS property at Wells, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19137828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137828" title="List of stadiums under construction">
List of stadiums under construction

The following is a list of stadiums that are under construction. Stadiums which are proposed but which are not yet under construction are not included, and can be found at List of proposed stadiums. The list does not include indoor arenas under construction, some of which can be found at List of indoor arenas by capacity. Entirely new stadiums under construction on the same site as a demolished former stadium are included, however expansions to already-existing stadiums are not included, and neither are recently constructed venues which have opened, even though construction continues on part of the stadium.
!Stadium!!Capacity!!City!!Country!!Tenant(s)!!Opening

</doc>
<doc id="19137863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137863" title="Shifford">
Shifford

Shifford is a hamlet in the civil parish of Aston, Cote, Shifford and Chimney in Oxfordshire, England. It is on the north bank of the River Thames about south of Witney.
Archaeology.
There was a modest Iron Age and Roman-era pastoral settlement east of what is now Old Shifford Farm. It was abandoned around the end of the 1st century AD, but a new settlement was established slightly north of the old one toward the end of the 3rd century AD. The Oxford Archaeological Unit excavated the sites in 1988–89, after which it was excavated as a gravel pit parallel with Brighthampton Cut.
Late Iron Age and Roman artefacts found at the site include ceramic loom weights and parts of pots and plates; Roman coins from the 1st to the 4th centuries AD, but particularly the late 3rd to late 4th centuries; copper items including brooches, a pin and a bracelet, iron items, particularly nails; lead items including weights, pot rivets and lead shot; and stone items including several quern-stones and a whetstone.
Bone fragments found at the site came mostly from cattle (16.4%), sheep and goats (10.7%) and horses (10.7%). Farming at the site seems to have been mostly pastoral; there was little evidence of arable cultivation.
History.
The settlement arose by a ford across the Thames, from which it derived its toponym ("sheep ford"). It was mentioned in a charter of 1005, when the estate was granted to Eynsham Abbey.
A 17th century tradition that Alfred the Great held a council at Shifford arose from a reference to "Sifford" in the 12th or 13th century poem "The Proverbs of Alfred", is now thought not to refer to this place.
In the 17th century Shifford had between 15 and 23 houses. By 1881 the population had risen to 70 but by 1951, the last year for which separate figures are available, it had fallen to 27. It is now a largely deserted village.
Until the 19th century Shifford was a township in the parish of Bampton. It became a separate civil parish in 1866. In 1954 the parish was united with Aston Bampton to form the parish of Aston Bampton and Shifford, later renamed Aston, Cote, Shifford and Chimney.
Chapel.
Shifford was never an ecclesiastical parish but in medieval times it was a dependent chapelry of Bampton. The chapel was later described as ""Georgian"" and became derelict by the 19th century. In 1863 it was replaced with a Gothic Revival one designed by the architect Joseph Clarke. It is a Grade II listed building.
Shifford Lock.
A lock on the River Thames was built in 1898 half a mile upstream from Shifford. It is accessible on foot from Chimney, but not directly from Shifford. 

</doc>
<doc id="19137868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137868" title="Batase">
Batase

Batase may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19137877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137877" title="Israr Ullah Zehri">
Israr Ullah Zehri

Nawabzada Mir Israr Ullah Khan Zehri (; born December 15, 1965) is Pakistan's Federal Minister for Postal Services. He hails from Jhalawan, Balochistan and is president of Balochistan National Party Awami. He became a member of the Senate of Pakistan in March 2006, with his term set to expire in 2012.
Early life.
Zehri is the son of Nawab Sardar Doda Khan Zehri, chief of the Jhalawan.
Political career.
Mir Israr ullah Khan Zehri became a Senator in March 2006.Prior to this he started parliamentary politics in 1990 and remained Provincial minister for Agriculture, local government, Home and Health minister from 1990 to 1999.
Support for Baba Kot incident.
Zehri is a tribal leader, and has attracted condemnation both inside and outside Pakistan for openly supporting the traditional tribal practice of 'honor killing'. In August 2008, the Asian Human Rights Commission reported that five women (including three teenagers) in a remote village in Balochistan had been beaten, shot and buried alive in a ditch for the 'crime' of having wished to choose their own husbands. After human rights activists brought the case to national and international attention, Zehri defended the killings in Parliament and asked his fellow legislators not to make a fuss about the incident. He said, "These are centuries-old traditions, and I will continue to defend them. Only those who indulge in immoral acts should be afraid." 

</doc>
<doc id="19137903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137903" title="Will Venable">
Will Venable

William Dion Venable (born October 29, 1982) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball. In the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft, he was selected by the Padres in the seventh round. Venable made his Major League debut on August 29, , against the Colorado Rockies, collecting his first hit. Although he broke into the Major Leagues as a center fielder, he has played mostly right field since his second season. Venable has frequently batted lead off and has on several occasions come within one hit of the cycle. , he has finished among the top ten in the National League in triples four times and in stolen bases twice.
He played basketball for Princeton University, as well as San Rafael High School. He was the second athlete to earn first-team All-Ivy League honors in both baseball and basketball. Venable is the son of former Major League outfielder Max Venable as well as the older brother of National Football League safety Winston Venable. He has the most Major League Baseball career hits and home runs of any Princeton alumnus.
Amateur career.
High school.
Venable was born in 1982 in Marin County, California, at a time when his father Max was a Major League Baseball player for the nearby San Francisco Giants. He grew up travelling around the country with his father and also lived in Japan and the Dominican Republic. In high school, he envisioned himself as more likely to be a professional basketball player than baseball player. Prior to his freshman year, his mother, Molly, objected to him quitting baseball to focus on basketball. As both a high school sophomore and a high school junior, Venable was second-team San Francisco Bay Area All-Metro basketball player for San Rafael High School. He was the Marin County Athletic League (MCAL) most valuable player in basketball as a freshman, sophomore and junior. As a sophomore, he led his team to the MCAL League Championship. As a senior, he gave up the responsibility of being point forward.
College.
Venable chose to attend Princeton University, not for its academics, but for its tradition of basketball excellence. He respected their tradition of qualifying to participate in the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Tournament. During his time at the University he was a part of two teams that qualified for post season play: 2004 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and 2002 National Invitation Tournament). Princeton recruited him as a basketball player. He did not play baseball as a freshman, but his father had directed him to Scott Bradley, Princeton University baseball team coach, during his recruiting visit.
Venable, who was a member of the class of 2005 at Princeton University, was the second athlete in Ivy League history (after his Padres teammate Chris Young) to be first-team All-Ivy in both basketball and baseball and he played on Ivy League Champion National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Championship tournament participants in both sports. He played in two NCAA Championship tournaments in both sports and earned a B.A. in anthropology.
In basketball, he averaged over 10 points and over 30 minutes per game in his 2002–03 sophomore season through his 2004–05 senior season.
Bradley had left the door open for Venable to come take batting practice if he ever had the urge. As a sophomore, at the suggestion of his mother, Venable resumed baseball. He posted modest numbers in his first season, but in 2004, he hit for a .344 batting average, earned All-Ivy honorable mention, and was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the fifteenth round of the draft (439th overall). Bradley felt that Major League Baseball scouts undervalued Venable because he did not participate in the Cape Cod League for college baseball players. Thus, instead of signing and giving up his amateur status, Venable returned for his senior season and posted a league leading 9 home runs and runner-up .385 batting average while earning All-League honors. Subsequently, the Padres drafted him in the seventh round (215th overall).
Professional career.
Minor League Baseball.
After graduating from Princeton, Venable made his professional debut in minor league baseball with the Arizona League Padres of the Arizona League in 2005. He hit for a .322 batting average in 15 games and was soon promoted to the Eugene Emeralds of the Single-A Northwest League.
In 2006, Venable was the Padres Minor League Player of the Year. With his father as a team hitting coach, Venable posted a .314 batting average, .389 on-base percentage (OBP), and .477 slugging percentage for the Fort Wayne Wizards of the single-A Midwest League (MWL), which earned him both mid-season and post-season MWL All-star honors. That season he tied for the MWL lead in runs scored and was among the top four Padre farmhands in RBIs, batting average, and stolen bases. Among his highlights for the Wizards were his team-high two grand slams and a five-hit performance.
Subsequently, for the 2006 West Oahu CaneFires of the Hawaii Winter Baseball, Venable posted a .330 batting average, .390 on-base percentage (OBP), and .473 slugging percentage. He won the batting title that season and was named league most valuable player. He also led the league in doubles and was second to John Otness in OBP. In the outfield, Venable made no errors. Before the 2007 season, Venable was listed as the fifth best prospect in the Padres organization by "Baseball America", and they named him the #11 prospect in the league. They also named him as a "Baseball America" Low-A All-Star.
In 2007, Venable batted .278 with a .337 OBP in 134 games for the San Antonio Missions of the Texas League. This again earned him both mid-season and post-season league All-Star honors. A highlight occurred on May 30, 2007, when he hit for the cycle. After the season ended, he was invited to play for the San Diego affiliate in the Arizona Fall League, but he was afflicted with tendinitis in his shoulder and only hit .228.
During 2008 spring training, he had two home runs and eight runs batted in his first twelve at-bats. He then posted a .292 batting average, .361 on-base percentage and .464 slugging percentage in 120 games for the Portland Beavers of the Pacific Coast League in 2008.
Major League Baseball.
Venable had been expected to be a September 2008 call-up, but when Scott Hairston was forced onto the disabled list, Venable was called up ahead of schedule. On August 29, 2008, in his debut, he tripled in his first at-bat and came around to score a run. He is the twenty-fifth Princeton alumnus to play in the Major Leagues, but he is the first African-American alumnus. He posted his first Major League home run in his sixth game on September 4, 2008, during a 5–2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers at Miller Park. His only other home run for the 2008 San Diego Padres was also in a victory on the road on September 19, 2008 in an 11–6 victory over the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park. During this game, Venable posted his first three-hit performance and first three-RBI performance. When Venable batted leadoff for the Padres on September 28, 2008 against Pittsburgh, he became the first Princeton batter to oppose a Princeton pitcher (Ross Ohlendorf). In 2008, Venable accumulated only 110 Major League at-bats, and rookie year is considered to be the season in which one accumulates his 130th at-bat. He only played centerfield in 2008. Following the season he played winter baseball in the Dominican Professional Baseball League, where he struggled.
Although in 2008 "Baseball America" projected Venable as an every day starter for the Padres in 2010, some experts questioned whether he would be a long-term solution in center field for the team. Venable started the 2009 season with the Padres' Triple-A affiliate, Portland Beavers, but he was recalled by the Padres on June 3. His father, Max, served as the Beavers' hitting coach in 2009. Following the July 5 trade of Scott Hairston to the Oakland Athletics, Venable shared right field with Kyle Blanks. On July 12 against the San Francisco Giants, he had his first home run of the season in his first career four-hit game. Between July 30 and August 5, he homered in five of seven games. In an August 23 game against the St. Louis Cardinals, he was involved in a bench-clearing incident when Albert Pujols thought he threw an elbow while being tagged out. In 2009, he posted 12 home runs and tallied 38 runs batted in (RBI), while defensively 493.2 of his 643 innings were spent in right field and only 117 in center field.
In 2010, he finished 8th in the National League in triples (7), and 9th stolen bases (29). He executed some delayed steals by taking off with the toss back to the mound "when neither infielder is covering second and the catcher is nonchalant with the ball after receiving the pitch". On April 11 against the Atlanta Braves, he had his first career 5-RBI game, falling a double shy of the first cycle in Padres history. On May 19, Venable moved into the lead off position in the lineup and he fell a home run shy of the franchise's first cycle against the Los Angeles Dodgers, going 4-for-5 at the plate after getting a triple in the 1st inning and a double in the third. In June 23, June 25 and June 27, Venable hit tie-breaking home runs in Padre victories against the Florida Marlins and Tampa Bay Rays. On July 3, he went on the 15-day disabled list due to back problems. On September 29 against the Chicago Cubs, he stole two potential home runs (from Alfonso Soriano and Aramis Ramirez) on deep fly balls. In the game he achieved his career-high 10-game hitting streak. He also led National League outfielders with 5 errors. He set new career-highs with 13 home runs and 51 RBI. Again, the majority of his innings were in right field (600.1 of 936.1 innings). He split his remaining time between left field (171.2) and center field (164.1).
In 2011, Venable started slowly, hitting only .205 in April and was eventually optioned to the Tucson Padres on May 23 before being recalled on June 9. At the time of his demotion, he had no home runs and a .224 batting average in 134 at-bats. He was recalled after going 16-for-58 with 3 doubles, 3 triples, 3 home runs and 3 stolen bases in 14 games. In one minor league game on May 27 he homered twice against the Salt Lake Bees. On July 20, Venable scored 3 times in the first two innings as the Padres jumped out to a 13–0 lead against the Florida Marlins. In late July, he missed a few games due to back spasms. On August 10 against the New York Mets, Venable had four hits again missing the cycle by a home run when he posted a second double in a ninth inning at bat. On August 21, Veneble delivered a lead off home run and the game-winning bases-loaded walk-off hit on Trevor Hoffman Day. On September 28, he got his first grand slam home run against the Chicago Cubs off of Ryan Dempster. For the season, his totals dropped to 9 home runs and 44 RBI with the Padres, and he again totaled 7 triples, this time finishing 10th. He played 662.2 of his 793.2 innings in right field.
In 2012, Venable and Chris Denorfia formed a platoon in right field, with Venable getting most of the starts against right-handed pitchers and batting .270 against them. Venable made 80 starts in right, but appeared in a then-career-high 148 games for the year. When not starting in right, he made occasional starts in center and left field and made 26 pinch-hitting appearances. On May 15, 2012, Venable had a single, double and triple by the fourth inning against the Washington Nationals, but his 4-hit effort again fell short of the franchise's cycle. On May 23, Venable had his sixth career lead off home run and added a single in the second inning and a double in the fourth against the St. Louis Cardinals. He ended up one hit shy of the cycle for the fifth time, this time a triple. On June 3, Venable suffered a strained oblique muscle and left the game, missing four more games with the injury. Venable finished the year batting .264 with 9 home runs and 45 RBI. He collected 8 triples, finishing 9th in the league, and also committed 7 errors, tied for first among NL outfielders.
Coming into 2013, Venable was again expected to platoon with Denorfia in right, but injuries to center fielder Cameron Maybin and left fielder Carlos Quentin expanded his playing time. He made 68 starts in right and 52 in center and played in a career-high 151 games. Venable entered the season with 401 hits, which was 48 shy of the record for an alumnus of Princeton Tigers Baseball held by Moe Berg. His 46 home runs were already a school best. For the week of August 12 through August 18, 2013, Venable won the National League Player of the Week Award. During the week Venable tied his single-game career high with 4 hits, joined the Padres' 100-steal club, hit a walk-off home run, made a home run stealing catch and surpassed his previous career best hitting streak by 5 to 15. It marked his first Player of the Week Award as he hit .406 (13-for-32) with two home runs, two doubles, a triple and seven runs scored. On September 13, David Hale (Princeton class of 2011) made his major league debut for the Atlanta Braves, and it became the second Princeton vs. Princeton batter-pitcher matchup in major league history. Hale struck out Venable and eight other Padres in his debut for the Braves, setting a franchise debut record. Venable was voted the Padres' Most Valuable Player for the 2013 season by local baseball writers and other members of the media as he became the 8th player in Padres history to record at least 20 home runs and 20 steals in a season. For the year, Venable hit .268 with 22 home runs and a .796 on-base plus slugging, all new career highs. He also stole 22 bases and finished tied for 5th in the league with 8 triples.
On September 2, 2013, Venable signed a two-year contract extension with the Padres to keep him in San Diego through the 2015 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19137918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137918" title="Indigenous Peoples of Africa Co-ordinating Committee">
Indigenous Peoples of Africa Co-ordinating Committee

The Indigenous Peoples of Africa Co-ordinating Committee (IPACC) was founded in 1997. It is one of the main trans-national network organizations recognised as a representative of African indigenous peoples in dialogues with governments and bodies such as the UN. , IPACC was composed of 150 member organisations in 21 African countries. 
Indigenous characteristics in the African setting.
IPACC identifies several key characteristics associated with indigenous claims in Africa:
With respect to concerns expressed that identifying some groups and not others as indigenous is in itself discriminatory, IPACC states that it: 
Activities.
During the first United Nations International Decade of the World's Indigenous Peoples (1995–2004), IPACC concentrated on human rights standards and normative instruments, notably the UN Working Group on Indigenous Populations (WGIP) and the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. 
In April 2007, IPACC leaders adopted a new strategy and action plan focussing on improving the engagement of indigenous peoples in policies dealing with the environment, natural resources and climate change. The plan of action, adopted in Bujumbura, Burundi sets out its main development goal as follows: 
"Indigenous Peoples of Africa concluded that it is imperative for them to demonstrate convincingly to influence makers and decision makers that indigenous peoples are holders of sophisticated indigenous (traditional) knowledge of the environment which is valuable to national resource management planning." 
The Bujumbura Action Plan has led to a number of IPACC initiatives to help its member organisations express primarily oral traditional ecological knowledge to decision makers with the help of information communication technology (notably geo-spatial information technology). This has included: an East African programme on Participatory 3 Dimensional Modelling (P3DM) with the Yiaku, Sengwer and Ogiek forest-based indigenous peoples; a southern African programme of formalising the assessment and qualification of traditional San trackers - including training with Cybertracker technology; and a pan-African conference on the relationship between Geospatial Information Technology (GIT), traditional ecological knowledge (TEK) and effective advocacy held in Windhoek, Namibia in August 2008. Participatory mapping projects are also under preparation in Niger and Gabon. 
IPACC co-organised a consultative forum on Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and land Degradation (REDD) with "Unissons pour la Promotion des Batwa" (UNIPROBA in Burundi) and the World Bank. The IPACC REDD report noted that current insecure land tenure of mobile and indigenous peoples could lead to further displacements if REDD is not implemented with sufficient attention to safeguarding the rights of indigenous peoples as articulated in the 2007 UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. 
The recent IPACC strategy links indigenous knowledge of ecosystems and biodiversity with more classical advocacy for cultural and land rights necessary for the survival of herding and hunting communities. IPACC's environmental strategy is supported by important partnerships with the 
Technical Centre for Agricultural and Rural Cooperation (CTA) and UNESCO's Division for Intercultural Dialogue and Cultural Policies.
IPACC is a legally recognised cooperating partner and observer with the UN Environmental Programme (UNEP), with UNESCO, with the UN Economic and Social Council, the UN Convention on Biological Diversity Secretariat and with the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights (ACHPR). 

</doc>
<doc id="19137925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137925" title="Contour (camera system)">
Contour (camera system)

Mova Contour is a multi-camera system developed by former Apple Computer engineer Steve Perlman. It records surfaces (specifically of actors' faces) digitally, by using fluorescent makeup and stereo triangulation, allowing for very detailed digitization and manipulation. It was used by director David Fincher in his 2008 film "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" for building a realistic 3D face model of Brad Pitt, which was then animated using video-based tracking and keyframe animation.
References.
2006 New York Times article on the technology.
Official website of Mova Contour.

</doc>
<doc id="19137945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137945" title="Gorgan River">
Gorgan River

The Gorgan River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19137951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137951" title="Filon Ktenidis">
Filon Ktenidis

Filon Ktenidis (Φίλων Κτενίδης) (1889–1963) was a Pontic Greek playwright, an accountant, a journalist, a doctor and the founder of Panagia Soumela in Kastania,Vermiou in Greece.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Born in 1889 in Trapezus, Pontus, he spent his childhood days in Kromni. In 1906 he graduated with excellent grades at the Frontistirion (High School) of Trapezus.
Career.
From 1906-1909 he began work as an accountant. Αt the same time he was a contributor to the Trapezuntine newspaper "Ethniki Drasi" (National Action). 
In 1910 he publishes his own fortnightly newspaper "Epitheoro". and is expelled by the Neo Turks and flees to Athens, where he enrolls in the University's Medical School. In 1912-13 he volunteers in the Greek army and takes part in operations in Epirus and Macedonia (Greece). In 1914-15 he returns to Trapezus to offer his voluntary services as a doctor, to the people of the outer Greek regions of Trapezounta. 
With the entry of the Russian troops to Trapezus in 1916, he travels to the Caucasus where between 1915-17 he works as a Medical Doctor in the biggest Russian Military Hospital. In 1918 he becomes the President of the National Council of Pontos in Krassnodor, Russia. Ιn 1922 he returns to Thessaloniki where he practices as a doctor. He is the successful writer of 17 well known Pontian Theatrical Plays.
Source.
"The Encyclopedia of Pontian Hellenism"

</doc>
<doc id="19137961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137961" title="Alireza Soleimani">
Alireza Soleimani

Alireza Soleimani Karbalaei (, born 2 February 1956 in Tehran) is a Iranian super heavyweight freestyle wrestler born in Tehran. He is the first and still the only Iranian to win the gold medal in the Superheavy Weight of Freestyle Wrestling, which he won at the World Championship 1989 against Bruce Baumgartner. He was the flag bearer of the Iranian Olympic Team at the 1992 Summer Olympic Games.
Pahlevan Soleimani is also a champion of varzesh-e bastani and is a Pahlevan of Iran in Pahlevani Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="19137988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137988" title="Mareena Karim">
Mareena Karim

Mareena Karim, born in 1989 or 1990, is an Afghan athlete. 
As a baby, she was left too close to a stove and suffered severe burns to both feet, which were subsequently amputated. As an athlete, she therefore competes as a Paralympian (T46 category).
Karim was the first woman ever to officially represent Afghanistan at the Paralympic Games when she competed in the 100 metres sprint at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. She finished last in her heat with a time of 18.85 seconds and did not advance to the next round.
At the time of the 2004 Paralympics, Karim lived in Kabul with her ten brothers and eight sisters, her family having fled fighting between the Northern Alliance and the Taliban in Kabisa.

</doc>
<doc id="19137996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19137996" title="City Football Group">
City Football Group

The City Football Group is company established to oversee the creation and administration of a network of linked clubs and other footballing operations under the aegis of Manchester City. The company is run as a holding company under parent company the Abu Dhabi United Group (ADUG).
Manchester City F.C..
The Abu Dhabi United Group was founded in the summer of 2008, as Sheikh Mansour looked to take over Manchester City Football Club from the former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra. The Abu Dhabi United Group was set up in order to facilitate the purchase of the Premier League club.
After its taker, Manchester City launched into a complete overhaul of all departments, intent on rising to the top as fast as possible. On the pitch, the following seasons saw the team replaced under the management of Mark Hughes and then a second time under Roberto Mancini as the lobbying of established UEFA Champions League clubs in the Premier League forced the Manchester team to act quickly in order to achieve Champions League status before the newly implemented Financial Fair Play Regulations made it inviable for teams to spend outside of their earnings in an attempt to move up the table. Meanwhile, off the pitch City spent £10 million on revamping their Platt Lane academy base as they formulated plans to produce a £100m training and academy facility on land opposite their stadium, studying training facilities around the world in an attempt to create the world's foremost development in its field. This came in conjunction with the announcement in 2014 that they had received planning permission to increase their stadium capacity to over 62,000, making it the second largest club stadium in England. Further investment came in the field of fan engagement, where City committed themselves to a policy of winning the global popularity contest with a mass display of social media,
Under Mansour's leadership, Manchester City Football Club have currently lifted the 2010 FA Cup, 2011–12 Premier League and 2012 FA Community Shield.
New York City FC.
When Ferran Soriano was appointed Manchester City CEO in August 2012, Garber reached out to him about a New York City team, having previously held discussions with him in his former capacity as Vice President of Barcelona. In December 2012, unnamed sources told the media that Manchester City were close to being announced as the new owners of the 20th team of Major League Soccer (MLS), and the brand name "New York City Football Club" was trademarked, although the club quickly denied the report. However, Garber announced in March 2013 that he was almost ready to unveil the new expansion team.
New York City Football Club, LLC was registered with the New York State Department on 7 May 2013, and on 21 May New York City FC was officially announced as the 20th MLS franchise. Linking the club to its English parent, the new MLS side hired as its first employee former Manchester City, MLS and US national team player Claudio Reyna to serve as Director of Football, while a statement of intent was made with the signing of home-grown rising star manager and MLS Cup winner Jason Kreis to serve as the team's first Head Coach.
Melbourne Heart FC.
On 23 January 2014, it was announced that that Manchester City acquired Melbourne Heart for $12 million. After several days of talks in Melbourne and Sydney, City's senior executives completed the deal which sees them own 80% of the Australian club, the other 20% to be held by a consortium of businessmen allied to Australian rugby league club Melbourne Storm.
The takeover of the Australian A-League club came only days after an application to trademark the name "Melbourne City Football Club" was lodged on 16 January. Coincidently, Melbourne Heart's minority shareholders also registered the business name "Melbourne City FC" with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) and bought the domain name "MelbourneCityFC.com.au".

</doc>
<doc id="19138033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138033" title="Greg Golson">
Greg Golson

Gregory Joseph Golson (born September 17, 1985) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Milwaukee Brewers organization. A first round selection in the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft by the Philadelphia Phillies, Golson has played for the Phillies (2008), Texas Rangers (2009), and New York Yankees (2010–2011). 
Professional career.
Philadelphia Phillies.
Golson attended John Connally High School in Austin, Texas. The Philadelphia Phillies selected Golson from high school with the 21st overall pick in the first round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft. After drafting him, the Phillies assigned Golson to their Gulf Coast League affiliate in the rookie leagues. He played in 47 games, accumulating a .295 batting average with eight doubles and five triples. He stole 12 bases, and struck out 54 times in 183 at-bats.
Golson's speed became a feature of his game, and went on to steal over 100 bases in five minor-league seasons. In a 2008 interview, Golson said, regarding his success as a base-stealer, that "[you've] got to be real observant of what the pitcher is doing, if they fall into patterns, what the catcher is doing, the counts, the game situation—stuff like that ... but speed is the big thing".
In his second minor-league season, Golson was promoted to the A-level Lakewood BlueClaws in Lakewood, New Jersey. He continued to accumulate high strikeout numbers, with 106 in 375 at-bats, but he also posted a .264 average, hit 8 triples (a career-high), and stole 25 bases. After the 2005 season, Golson was named the second-best prospect in the Phillies' system by Baseball America, the highest spot he would reach in those rankings. Most of the 2006 season was spent at Lakewood as well, with a late-season promotion to the Clearwater Threshers. Between the two levels, Golson hit .233 and struck out 160 times. He hit 13 home runs and batted in 48 runs. Golson also accumulated 127 hits in 593 plate appearances.
Strikeouts continued to plague Golson as he began the 2007 season. Between Clearwater and the Reading Phillies, Golson struck out 173 times in 607 plate appearances. He hit 15 home runs in 2007, with 32 doubles and 5 triples. His .273 average and .426 slugging percentage were a large improvement over the previous year. His prospect ranking dropped from second in the Phillies' system to tenth. Golson remained at Reading for the 2008 season. A .282 average, 13 home runs, and 18 doubles were enough to catch the eye of the major league club, who called him up to the majors on August 31. He made his debut on September 7, pinch-hitting for catcher Carlos Ruiz. He made several appearances as a late-inning defensive replacement, which was fine with Golson. "You can really impact a game, where people will remember stuff … if you make a great catch that saves the game, people remember that for a long time." With the Phillies, Golson went 0-for-6 in the last month of the 2008 season, scoring two runs and stealing a base. Golson was not part of the postseason roster for the 2008 Phillies, who went on to win the World Series, but he did travel with the team and was in uniform for all the club's playoff games.
Texas Rangers.
On November 20, 2008, Golson was traded by the Phillies to the Texas Rangers for John Mayberry, Jr. Phillies general manager Rubén Amaro, Jr. called the trade a speed-for-power' swap".
Golson received one at-bat for the Rangers in 2009, spending most of his season at the AAA level with the Oklahoma RedHawks. In 146 plate appearances, Golson accumulated a .289 average with five doubles and three triples. He also stole six bases and scored fourteen runs in the opening two months.
New York Yankees.
On January 26, 2010, Golson was traded to the New York Yankees in exchange for minor league player Mitch Hilligoss and cash, after being designated for assignment by the Texas Rangers a few days earlier. Golson was used as primarily a defensive replacement. On September 14 against the Tampa Bay Rays at Tropicana Field, Golson astonished players and spectators with a strong throw when threw out the speedy Carl Crawford in an attempt to reach third base after tagging up for the final out of the game. Golson would later be included on the Yankees' 2010 postseason roster until the team lost the 2010 ALCS to the Texas Rangers. He spent most of the 2011 season with the Yankees' AAA affiliate, the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees. He was released prior to the Rule 5 draft that offseason.
Kansas City Royals.
The Kansas City Royals signed Golson to a minor league contract on December 13, 2011.
Chicago White Sox.
The Royals traded Golson to the Chicago White Sox for cash considerations on March 25, 2012. Golson played in 2012 with Triple-A Charlotte, where in 109 games, he hit .276 with 6 HR, 52 RBI and 20 SB.
Colorado Rockies.
The Colorado Rockies signed Golson to a minor league contract on January 30, 2013. Golson began 2013 with Triple-A Colorado Springs. He played there until he was released on July 19. In 55 games with the Sky Sox, Golson hit .244 with 5 HR, 22 RBI and 12 SB.
Atlanta Braves.
Golson was signed to a minor league contract for the Atlanta Braves on July 31, 2013.
Milwaukee Brewers.
Golson signed a minor league contract for the Milwaukee Brewers in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19138040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138040" title="Symmastia">
Symmastia

Symmastia is defined as a confluence of the breast tissue of both breasts across the midline anterior to the sternum. It can be surgically corrected by a plastic surgeon.
Symmastia can either be a congenital anomaly or iatrogenic. Congenital symmastia is a rare condition with few published cases. Iatrogenic symmastia may occur following breast augmentation, forming what is also colloquially referred to as a "uniboob".

</doc>
<doc id="19138063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138063" title="SCMS School of Engineering and Technology">
SCMS School of Engineering and Technology

SCMS School of Engineering and Technology (SSET) is a technical institute in Kerala, India. Situated in a campus it offers Bachelors and Masters degree in engineering and computer administration in affiliation with Mahatma Gandhi University.
About.
Established in 2001 SSET is an engineering college set up under the self-financing scheme. SSET offers graduate and postgraduate programmes in engineering and technology. The college was established in 2001 on a campus at Karukutty, Ernakulam District, Kerala.
The SSET draws inspiration and expertise from the School of Communication and Management Studies (SCMS) – the business school of the group. The ISO 9001 quality certified business school is highly rated by India’s leading business journals. The SCMS is the only AICTE accredited business school in the state of Kerala. SCMS has also received, in recognition of its performance, substantial grants from the AICTE, Government of India.
Recognition and affiliation.
The SSET is recognized by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), Govt. of India vide their letter No… 770-54-023(NDEG)/ET/2001 dated 27 June 2001. The Mahatma Gandhi University granted affiliation in accordance with the G.O.No.(MS) 88/2001/H.Edn. dated 21 July 2001.
Departments.
The college has the following departments:
Each department has its own faculty, supporting staff and technical instructors working under the Head of the Department.
Intake.
SSET has an intake capacity of 60 students in each branch. Mechanical Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Civil Engineering branches have two batches with 120 seats. With a total sanctioned intake capacity of 540 students in six branches SSET is the second largest engineering college set up under the self-financing scheme in Kerala.
Courses.
SSET offers courses in traditional engineering as well as technology-based disciplines, with B.Tech. programmes in the following disciplines:
Master degree programmes in:
The college also boasts of several addon courses, particular the SCMS-A, which focuses on training in handling various modeling and analysis softwares, as well as exposure to FMS.
Campus.
The SSET is situated in the midst of a rubber plantation. The campus comprises the Main Engineering College Building with of built-up space which accommodates classrooms, Faculty Offices, Administrative Office, Library, Computer Lab, Electronics and Microprocessor Labs, Laboratories, Workshops, Machine shop and Heat Engine Lab which are located around the main building in the campus. Hostels for junior boys and girls are in the campus, close to the college building. Senior men's hostel is however outside the campus.There is also a 'L' shaped ground situated outside the main campus.
The cafeteria can serve 300 students at a time. The cafeteria doubles as an auditorium. However, a new auditorium is also under construction. It is very close to the main building.
Construction of a new block to accommodate bank, ATM, bookstore and security staff has been completed.
College website.
SCMS School of Engineering and Technology

</doc>
<doc id="19138073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138073" title="Hamburguesas El Corral">
Hamburguesas El Corral

Hamburguesas El Corral is a Colombian restaurant chain with more than 170 locations. El Corral operates in several formats: Free Stand, Food Court, HiperMarkets and Convenience Store. In 2001, El Corral opened its first Corral Gourmet restaurant, offering not only hamburgers with different gourmet toppings such as aged cheeses, Argentinian sausage, stir-fry vegetables and different bread options and a range of liquors in its bar.
In 2004 El Corral opened its first Pub, Beer Station, where customers can get home-made beer and food from a delicious menu.
Global locations.
El Corral has more than 187 restaurants in 30 Colombian cities.
In 2006, El Corral started its international operations opening the first restaurant outside Colombia in Panama. In 2013, El Corral opened its first restaurant in the United States located in el Doral, Miami, Florida. El Corral has more than 15 restaurants in Latin America. 

</doc>
<doc id="19138083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138083" title="Dumont Dunes">
Dumont Dunes

Dumont Dunes is an area of the Mojave Desert containing large sand dunes, located approximately 31 miles north of Baker, California on California State Route 127. Bordered by steep volcanic hills and the slow running Amargosa River, the region is easily recognized from a distance by its distinctive sand dunes. The elevation here varies from 700 feet, at the river, to 1200 feet at the top of Competition Hill, the tallest of the dunes.
Most of the dunes are incorporated in the Dumont Dunes Off-Highway Vehicle Area, which is administered by the Bureau of Land Management as a recreational area for off-road vehicle sports, hiking, camping, rock climbing, and rock collecting.
Dumont Dunes are named after Harry Dumont of the Pacific Coast Borax Company that built the
historic Tonopah and Tidewater Railroad, to the east, which was in operation between 1905 and 1940. The vegetation here consists of creosote scrub, some annual grasses, and wildflowers in the spring. The low elevation in the area makes for warm to extremely hot conditions in spring and summer. 
Wildlife.
Wildlife native to Dumont Dunes includes the Mojave fringe-toed lizard, which is under watch by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for possible listing as an endangered species. Such listing could result in restriction or suspension of recreational uses at Dumont Dunes.

</doc>
<doc id="19138099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138099" title="Qaher Hazrat">
Qaher Hazrat

Qaher Hazrat (born in 1981/1982 in Pul-e-Charkhi), is an Afghan cyclist. The International Paralympic Committee describes him as "one of the country's top speed cyclists - in both disabled and able-bodied competition".
At the age of 14, in 1996, he lost both legs below the knees when he stepped on a landmine.
He was the first man ever to officially represent Afghanistan at the Paralympic Games when he competed in road race cycling (time trial, LC3 disability category) at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. With 26 points, he finished last out of fourteen cyclists in his event.

</doc>
<doc id="19138101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138101" title="Summer Days with Coo">
Summer Days with Coo

Reception.
The film won the Best Animation Film award at the 2008 Mainichi Film Awards and was nominated for Best Animation Film at the 2008 Japanese Academy Awards, and for Best Animated Feature Film at the 2007 Asia Pacific Screen Awards. It also won the Grand Prize for Animation at the 11th Japan Media Arts Festival and the Feature Film category at the 2008 Tokyo Anime Award.
Plot.
A small, lone Kappa miraculously survives over 200 years into modern day Tokyo, Japan when he is found by young Koichi. "Coo" who is secretly adopted by the whole family, faces a tragic past and the present's challenge of living in a dramatically changed environment, searches with his new human friend for places not invaded by people hoping to find any remaining of his kind. When this intelligent "water sprite" draws the popular attention of the whole city upon being discovered and then confronted with his past, it forces him to take action and make an ultimate decision, in order to preserve his kind, inner peace and well being in today's harsh world.

</doc>
<doc id="19138110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138110" title="Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg">
Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg

Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg (25 January 1860 in Augustenborg, Jutland, Denmark – 20 February 1932 in Grünholz, Schleswig Holstein, Germany) was the second-eldest daughter of Frederick VIII, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Adelheid of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.
Family.
Karoline Mathilde's elder sister, Augusta Viktoria was German Empress and Queen of Prussia as the wife of Wilhelm II, German Emperor. Karoline Mathilde was Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and later Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein as the wife of Friedrich Ferdinand.
Marriage and issue.
Karoline Mathilde married Friedrich Ferdinand, the eldest son of Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Princess Adelheid of Schaumburg-Lippe and a nephew of Christian IX of Denmark, on 19 March 1885 at Primkenau. Friedrich Ferdinand and Karoline Mathilde had six children:
After the overthrow of the Hohenzollern dynasty at the end of World War I, Karoline and her family lived quietly and unpretentiously, seldom seen outside of their estate of Grünholz Castle. Karoline died on 20 February 1932 at their castle. A few years previously, she had suffered an attack of heart disease and never completely recovered. Her husband was the only family member present on her deathbed.

</doc>
<doc id="19138137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138137" title="Fleischer's syndrome">
Fleischer's syndrome

Fleischer's syndrome is an extremely rare congenital anomaly characterized by displacement of the nipples, occasional polymastia, and hypoplasia of both kidneys.

</doc>
<doc id="19138156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138156" title="Odverem River">
Odverem River

The Odverem River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19138165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138165" title="Tuscumbia Railway">
Tuscumbia Railway

The Tuscumbia Railway was chartered on January 16, 1830, and a 2.1 mile railroad was built from downtown Tuscumbia, Alabama to the docks on the Tennessee River west of Sheffield. This was the first railroad chartered or constructed west of the Appalachian Mountains. The purpose of this railroad was to allow transport of cotton bales to a new wharf on the Tennessee River. Also the name of a tourist railroad constructed in city-owned Spring Park.
With the success of this small railroad, a new railroad was built from Tuscumbia to Decatur via Courtland. The Tennessee River has a stretch of shallow rapids between these points known as the Muscle Shoals, which make river transport impossible. This railroad was designed to bypass that obstacle. Thus, the Tuscumbia, Courtland and Decatur Railroad came into being just two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19138187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138187" title="La Casa Alvarado">
La Casa Alvarado

La Casa Alvarado, also known as the Alvarado Adobe, is a historic adobe structure built in 1840 and located on Old Settlers Lane in Pomona, California. It was declared a historic landmark in 1954 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
History.
The Casa Alvarado is located on a portion of the Rancho San Jose granted to Ygnacio Palomares and Ricardo Vejas in 1837. In 1840, Palomares invited his close friend, Ygnacio Alvarado, to live on the ranch and gave him a plot of land near Palomares' own home, La Casa Primera de Rancho San Jose. The land was given to Alvarado with the stipulation that Alvarado would build a chapel in his home to be used for church services when padres visited from the Mission San Gabriel Arcángel. The large by living room (or "sala") of the Casa Alvarado was used for church services for 45 years. The Alvarado's adobe living room was also the site of the first public school classes in the Pomona Valley, starting in 1870 or 1871.
For more than 120 years, the house had only three owners. It remained in the Alvardo family from 1840 to 1886, when it was purchased and occupied by Dr. Benjamin S. Nichols and his family. Prior to 1900, Dr. Nichols added redwood frame additions to the house; of the 14 rooms in the house, five are part of the original adobe. The house remained in the Nichols family for 65 years. 
In 1951, Alphonse and Isabel Fages purchased the home. Alphonse was born in Pomona and a descendant of Ricardo Vejar, who in 1837 was the co-grantee of the Rancho San Jose along with Ygnacio Palomares. Isabel was also the descendant of Spanish settlers and had served as the president of the Historical Society of Pomona Valley and the editor of the official publication of the Native Sons and Daughters of the Golden West. The Fages bought the adobe with plans to restore and preserve it. The house originally included two-and-a-half acres of land, but the Fages sold several lots reducing it to approximately one acre.
Historic designation.
In 1954, the Native Daughters of the Golden West declared the Casa Alvarado to be a historic landmark and dedicated a historical marker on the site. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Though designated as a historic site, the Casa Alvarado remains a private home and is not open to the public. It is currently for sale (November 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19138238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138238" title="Hydnellum concrescens">
Hydnellum concrescens

Hydnellum concrescens is an inedible fungus, commonly known as the zoned hydnellum or zoned tooth fungus. As with other tooth fungi, the spores are produced on spines on the underside of the cap, rather than gills. It has a funnel-shaped cap, typically between 2 and 7 cm (0.8–2.8 in) in diameter, which has characteristic concentric zones of color. The cap may also have radial ridges extending from the center to the margins. The spines are pink in young specimens, but turn brown with age.
This species is very similar in appearance to "Hydnellum scrobilatum", and traditionally, largely unreliable microscopic characteristics such as spore size and ornamentation have been used to distinguish between the two. Recent research has demonstrated a way to discriminate the two species using DNA sequencing of the ITS regions.

</doc>
<doc id="19138247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138247" title="Giovanni Andrea Bussi">
Giovanni Andrea Bussi

Giovanni Andrea Bussi (1417–1475), also Giovan de' Bussi or Joannes Andreae, was an Italian Renaissance humanist and the Bishop of Aleria (from 1469). He was a major editor of classical texts and produced many incunabular "editiones principes" (first editions). In his hands the preface was expanded from its former role as a private letter to a patron, to become a public lecture, and at times a bully pulpit. 
Bussi was a Platonist and a friend of Nicholas Cusanus and Johannes Bessarion, in whose philosophical circle he moved. From 1458 to the Cardinal's death in 1464 he had served Cusanus as a secretary at Rome, where he helped his master edit a ninth-century manuscript of the "Opuscula" and other works of Apuleius. From 1468 Bussi was the chief editor for the printing house of prototypographers Conrad Sweynheym and Arnold Pannartz after they moved it from Subiaco to Rome. He also heaped praise on Cusanus and Bessarion and used his dedicatory preface to Apuleius to laud Bessarion's "Defensio Platonis". He also incorporated an edition of Alcinous translated by Pietro Balbi into his printing of Apuleius. The preface to this version elicited a correspondence with George of Trebizond and his son Andreas. Andreas attacked Bussi and Bessarion in a letter entitled "Platonis Accusatio" and Bussi directed a response to Andreas in the preface to his edition of Strabo. The debate lasted until 1472. 
Cusanus, in his dialogue "De non aliud" of 1462, calls Bussi an expert on the "Parmenides" of Plato. Cusanus and Bussi edited William of Moerbeke's translation of the "Expositio in Parmenidem" of Proclus, and the marginalia they wrote into Cusanus' codex has even been published. The two also edited by hand the "Asclepius" of Hermes Trismegistus. While Cusanus writes in a Gothic script, Bussi uses a cursive Humanist minuscule. While Cusanus wrote lengthy marginal notes, Bussi preferred to keep those to a minimum and emend the text directly. The philology he used in his emendations, however, has been completely dismissed by modern scholarship and his attempted clarifications have been criticised as "rash" and "unfortunate". 
Bussi also produced for Sweynheym and Parnnatz editions of the "Epistolae" of Jerome (1468), the "Natural History" of Pliny the Elder (1470), the complete works of Cyprian (1471), and the works of Aulus Gellius. Though his edition of Pliny was not the first (a 1469 printing at Venice preceded it), nonetheless it was criticised by Niccolò Perotti in a letter to Francesco Guarneri, secretary of cardinal-nephew Marco Barbo. Perotti attacks Bussi's practice, then common, of adding one's own preface to an ancient text, and also the quality and accuracy of his editing. 
Bussi dedicated most of his editions to Pope Paul II, whom he served as the first papal librarian, as Perotti assumed his former position as press editor for Sweynheym and Parnnatz (1473). In 1472 he requested assistance for Sweynheym and Pannartz from Pope Sixtus IV, since the printers, who typically published 275 copies in a single edition, had an enormous unsold stock. 
He coined the term "media tempestas" to refer to the Middle Ages. 

</doc>
<doc id="19138259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138259" title="Ángel Salomé">
Ángel Salomé

Ángel Isaac Salomé (born June 8, 1986, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball catcher.
Professional career.
Salomé was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the fifth round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft as a catcher. He was called up to the majors for the first time on September 1, 2008, and made his debut two days later with a fly out as a pinch-hitter.
In May 2010, Salomé left the Triple-A Nashville Sounds to deal with an undisclosed mental issue. Though once a top catching prospect for Milwaukee, Salomé requested a change to the outfield which was granted, effectively ending his career as a catcher. He was released as a free agent following the 2010 season. On April 20, 2011 Salome was signed by the Seattle Mariners.

</doc>
<doc id="19138295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138295" title="Media in Owen Sound">
Media in Owen Sound

Television.
The Owen Sound area is not designated as a mandatory market for digital television conversion. All broadcasting stations are analogue repeaters of stations based elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="19138326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138326" title="No-Cal (model aircraft)">
No-Cal (model aircraft)

No-Cal is a competition class of rubber-powered free flight model airplanes. The class rules were defined by the Flying Aces Club. No-Cal (or NOCAL) stand for "No Calories" - as the class is a "profile" model - with the main body of the model having minimal width. The rules for the class are simple: Wingspan is limited to 16", the airplane being modeled must be recognizable, and the model must include the landing gear if the full scale airplane has a fixed landing gear. The model can be represented with the landing gear in the up position if the full scale airplane has retractable landing gear.
Construction.
No-Cal models are designed for light weigh and long flights, typically indoors, or outdoor in calm weather. Construction typically involves laying out a pre-printed plan atop a thin sheet of lightweight wood such as balsa, attaching the plan to the wood with adhesive, and cutting around the pre-printed plan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19138327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138327" title="Early life of Samuel Johnson">
Early life of Samuel Johnson

Samuel Johnson (18 September 1709 13 December 1784) was an English author born in Lichfield, Staffordshire. He was a sickly infant who early on began to exhibit the tics that would influence how people viewed him in his later years. From childhood he displayed great intelligence and an eagerness for learning, but his early years were dominated by his family's financial strain and his efforts to establish himself as a school teacher.
After a year spent studying at Pembroke College, Oxford, Johnson was forced to leave by lack of financial support. He tried to find employment as a teacher, but was unable to secure a long-term position. In 1735 he married Elizabeth "Tetty" Porter, a widow 20 years older than himself, and the responsibilities of this marriage made him determined to succeed as an educator. He established his own school, but the venture was unsuccessful. Thereafter, leaving his wife behind in Lichfield, he moved to London, where he spent the rest of his life. In London he began writing essays for "The Gentleman's Magazine", and also befriended Richard Savage, a notorious rake and aspiring poet who claimed to be the disavowed son of a nobleman. Eventually he wrote the "Life of Mr Richard Savage", his first successful literary biography. He also wrote the powerful poem "London", an 18th-century version of "", as well as the tragic drama "Irene", which was not produced until 1749, and even then was not successful.
Johnson began his literary career as a minor Grub Street hack writer, but he went on to make lasting contributions to English literature as a poet, essayist, moralist, novelist, literary critic, biographer, editor and lexicographer. His early works, especially "London" and "Life of Mr Richard Savage", contain Johnson's emerging views on biography, morality, and literature in general.
Parents.
Johnson's parents were Michael Johnson, a bookseller, and his wife, Sarah Ford. Michael was the first bookseller of reputation in the Staffordshire community of Lichfield. He also owned a parchment factory, which allowed him to produce his own books. Little is known of his background, except that he and his brothers were apprenticed as booksellers. Michael's father, William Johnson, was described as a "yeoman" and a "gentleman" in the Stationers' Company records, but there is little evidence to suggest that he was from a noble family. William was the first Johnson to move to Lichfield and died shortly thereafter. Michael Johnson, after leaving his apprenticeship at 24, followed in his father's footsteps and took up a job selling books on Sadler Street, Lichfield. Three years later Michael Johnson became warden of a charity known as the Conduit Lands Trust, and shortly afterwards was made churchwarden of St Mary's church. 
At the age of 29, Michael Johnson was engaged to be married to a local woman, Mary Neild, but she cancelled the engagement. Twenty years later, in 1706, he married Sarah Ford. She came from a middle-class milling and farming family and was twelve years his junior, daughter of Cornelius Ford. Although both families had money, Samuel Johnson often claimed that he grew up in poverty. It is uncertain what happened between the marriage of his parents and Samuel's birth three years later to provoke a decline in the family's fortunes, but Michael Johnson quickly became overwhelmed with debt from which he was never able to recover.
Childhood.
Johnson was born in Lichfield at 4:00 pm on Wednesday, 18 September 1709 at the family home above his father's bookshop, near Market Square, across from St Mary's Church. His mother was 40 when she gave birth, a matter for sufficient concern that George Hector, a "man-midwife" and a surgeon of "great reputation", was brought in to assist during the birth. The baby was named Samuel, after Sarah's brother Samuel Ford. He did not cry and, with doubts surrounding the newborn's health, his aunt claimed "that she would not have picked such a poor creature up in the street". As it was feared the baby might die, the vicar of St Mary's was summoned to perform a baptism. Two godfathers were chosen: Samuel Swynfen, a physician and graduate of Pembroke College, and Richard Wakefield, a lawyer, coroner, and Lichfield town clerk.
Johnson's health improved and he was placed in the nursing care of Joan Marklew. During this period he contracted what is believed to have been scrofula, known at that time as the "King's Evil". Sir John Floyer, a former physician to King Charles II, recommended that the young Johnson should receive the "royal touch", which he received from Queen Anne on 30 March 1712 at St James's Palace. Johnson was given a ribbon in memory of the event, which he claimed to have worn for the rest of his life. However, the ritual was ineffective and an operation was performed that left him with permanent scarring across his face and body. Sarah later gave birth to a second boy, Nathaniel. Having two children put financial strain on the family; Michael was unable to keep on top of the debts he had accumulated over the years, and his family was no longer able to maintain the lifestyle it had previously enjoyed.
Johnson demonstrated signs of great intelligence as a child, and his parents, to his later disgust, took pleasure in showing off his "newly acquired accomplishments". His education began at the age of three, when his mother had him memorise and recite passages from the Book of Common Prayer. When Johnson turned four, he was sent to a nearby "school" on Dam Street, where "Dame" Anne Oliver, the proprietor, gave lessons to young children in the living-room of a cottage. Johnson especially enjoyed his time with Dame Oliver, later remembering her fondly. At the age of six he was sent to a retired shoemaker to continue his education, and a year later was enrolled at Lichfield Grammar School; he excelled in Latin under Humphrey Hawkins, his teacher in the lower school.
During this time Johnson began exhibiting the tics that would influence how others viewed him in his later years, and which formed the basis for his posthumous diagnosis of Tourette syndrome (TS). TS develops in childhood; it follows a fairly reliable course in terms of the age of onset and the history of the severity of symptoms. Tics may appear up to the age of eighteen, but the most typical age of onset is from five to seven. Johnson's tics and gesticulations manifested after his childhood scrofula; studies suggest that environmental and infectious factors—while not causing Tourette's—can affect the severity of the disorder. Pearce describes Johnson's birth as a "very difficult and dangerous labour", and adds that Johnson had many illnesses throughout his life: he "suffered from bouts of melancholy, crushing guilt, habitual insomnia, and he endured a morbid fear of loneliness and of dying." He also was "disturbed by scruples of infidelity" from the age of 10.
Although TS caused problems in his private and public life, it lent Johnson "great verbal and vocal energy". He excelled in his education and was promoted to the upper school at the age of nine, to be tutored by Edward Holbrooke. The school was directed by the Reverend John Hunter, a man known for his scholarship and, like Holbrooke, his brutality, which caused Johnson to become dissatisfied with his education. However, during this time he did befriend Edmund Hector, nephew of his "man-midwife" George Hector, and John Taylor, both of whom he remained in contact with throughout his life.
Cornelius Ford.
At the age of 16, Johnson was given the opportunity to stay with his cousins, the Fords, at Pedmore, Worcestershire. There he bonded with Cornelius Ford, the son of his mother's brother, and Ford employed his knowledge of the classics to tutor Johnson while he was not attending school. Johnson enjoyed his time with Ford, who encouraged Johnson to pursue his studies and to become a man of letters. Johnson remembered one moment of Ford's teachings: Ford told him to "grasp the leading praecognita of all things... grasps the trunk hard only, and you will shake all the branches". Ford was a successful, well-connected academic, familiar with many society figures such as Alexander Pope.
Ford was also a notorious alcoholic whose excesses contributed to his death six years after Johnson's visit. This event deeply affected Johnson, and he remembered Ford in his "Life of Fenton", saying that Ford's abilities, "instead of furnishing convivial merriments to the voluptuous and dissolute, might have enabled him to excel among the virtuous and the wise". Having spent six months with his cousins, Johnson returned to Lichfield, but Hunter, "angered by the impertinence of this long absence", refused to allow him to continue at the grammar school.
Unable to return to Lichfield Grammar School, Johnson was enrolled, with the help of Ford and his half-brother Gregory Hickman, into the King Edward VI grammar school at Stourbridge. The headmaster was John Wentworth, and he took care to work with Johnson on his translation exercises. Because the school was located near Pedmore, Johnson was able to spend more time with the Fords and get to know his other relatives in the area. During this time he began writing poems and produced many verse translations. However, he spent only six months at Stourbridge before returning once again to his parents' home in 1727. When Boswell was writing his "Life of Samuel Johnson", he was told by Johnson's school friend Edmund Hector Johnson's leaving the Stourbridge school was due in part to a fight Johnson and Wentworth had over Latin grammar. For companionship, Johnson spent time with Hector and John Taylor, two of his schoolfriends, and he soon fell in love with Hector's younger sister, Ann. This first love was not to last, and Johnson later claimed to Boswell, "She was the first woman with whom I was in love. It dropped out of my head imperceptibly, but she and I shall always have a kindness for each other."
Johnson's future now began to look uncertain, as his father was deeply in debt. To earn money, Johnson stitched books for his father, although poor eyesight—a result of his childhood illness—meant he eschewed the work involved. It is possible that Johnson spent most of his time in his father's bookshop reading various works and building his literary knowledge. During this time, Johnson met Gilbert Walmesley, the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Court and a frequent visitor to the bookshop. Walmesley took a liking to Johnson, and the two discussed various intellectual topics during the two years Johnson spent working in the shop. Their relationship was soon put on hold; Sarah Johnson's cousin, Elizabeth Harriotts, died in February 1728 and left her £40 (about £ as of ), which was used to send Johnson back to school.
College.
On 31 October 1728, a few weeks after he turned 19, Johnson entered Pembroke College, Oxford as a fellow-commoner. The inheritance did not cover all of his expenses at Pembroke, but Andrew Corbet, a friend and student at Pembroke, offered to make up the deficit. Corbet left Pembroke soon after Johnson arrived, so this source of aid disappeared. To meet the expenses, Michael Johnson allowed his son to borrow a hundred books from his bookshop, at a great cost to himself, and these books were not fully returned to Michael until many years later.
On the day of Johnson's entrance interview for Pembroke, his anxious father introduced him to his future tutor, William Jorden, hoping to make an impression. During the interview, his father was "very full of the merits of his son, and told the company he was a good scholar, and a poet, and wrote Latin verses", which caused Johnson significant embarrassment. Michael's praise was unnecessary; Johnson's interview went so well that one of the interviewers, a 26-year-old William Adams (Jorden's cousin, later Master of Pembroke), claimed that Johnson was "the best qualified for the University that he had ever known come there". Throughout the interview, Johnson sat quietly while listening to his father and the interviewers, until he interrupted and quoted Macrobius. The interviewers were surprised that "a School-boy should know Macrobius", and he was accepted immediately.
At Pembroke, Johnson made many friends, but neglected many of the mandatory lectures, and ignored calls for poems. He did complete one poem, the first of his tutorial exercises, on which he spent comparable time, and which provoked surprise and applause. He was later asked by his tutor to produce a Latin translation of Alexander Pope's "Messiah" as a Christmas exercise. Johnson completed half of the translation in one afternoon and the rest the following morning. Although the poem brought him praise, it did not bring the material benefit he had hoped for. The poem was brought to Pope's attention; according to Sir John Hawkins, Pope claimed that he could not tell if it was the original or not. However, Johnson's friend John Taylor dismissed this "praise" because Johnson's father had already published the translation before Johnson sent a copy to Pope, and Pope could have been remarking about it being a duplication of the published edition.
Regardless, Pope remarked that the work was very finely done, but that did not prevent Johnson from being violently angry at his father's actions in preempting his sending Pope a copy of the poem. The poem later appeared in "Miscellany of Poems" (1731), edited by John Husbands, a Pembroke tutor, and is the earliest surviving publication of any of Johnson's writings. Johnson spent the rest of his time studying, even over the Christmas vacation. He drafted a "plan of study" called "Adversaria", which was left unfinished, and used his time to learn French while working on his knowledge of Greek.
Although he later praised Jorden, Johnson came to odds with him over what he considered to be Jorden's "meanness" of abilities. He discouraged his friend Taylor, who came to Pembroke in March, from having Jorden as his tutor, and Taylor was soon encouraged to go to Christ Church to be taught by Edmund Bateman. Johnson appreciated Bateman's skill as a lecturer, and he would often travel to meet Taylor to discuss the lectures. However, Johnson lacked the funds to even replace his shoes, and so he started to make the journey barefoot. In response, those of Christ Church began to mock Johnson, and he soon kept to his own room for the rest of his time at Pembroke, with Taylor visiting him instead.
After thirteen months, poverty forced Johnson to leave Oxford without taking a degree, and he returned to Lichfield. During his last weeks at Oxford, Jorden left Pembroke, and Johnson was given William Adams as a tutor in his place. He enjoyed Adams as a tutor, but by December, Johnson was already a quarter behind in his student fees, and he was forced to return home. He left behind many of the books that his father had previously lent him, both because he could not afford the expense of transporting all of them and as a symbolic gesture that he hoped to return to the school soon.
Early career.
There is little record of Johnson's life between the end of 1729 and 1731; he most likely lived with his parents when experiencing bouts of mental anguish and physical pains. After these years of illness, his tics and gesticulations associated with TS became more noticeable and were "commented on by many observers". To further complicate Johnson's life, his father was deeply in debt by 1731 and had lost much of his standing in Lichfield. An usher's position became available at Stourbridge Grammar School, but Johnson's lack of a degree saw him passed over, on 6 September 1731. Instead, he stayed at the home of Gregory Hickman, Cornelius Ford's half brother, writing poetry. It was there that he heard the devastating news that Cornelius had died in London, on 22 August 1731; later, in his personal "Annales", he pointed to that moment as one of the most important of his life.
At about the same time, Johnson's father became ill; he developed an "inflammatory fever" by the end of the year. He died in December 1731 and was buried at St. Michael's Church on 7 December 1731. He left no will, and Johnson received only £20 from Michael's estate of £60 (£ as of ). In an act "almost like religious penance", Johnson honoured his father's memory 50 years later by returning to his bookstall in Uttoxeter to make amends for his refusal to work the stall while his father lay dying. Richard Warner kept Johnson's account of the scene:
Johnson eventually found employment as undermaster at a school in Market Bosworth, Leicestershire. He was paid £20 a year (£ as of ), enough to support himself. The school was run by Sir Wolstan Dixie, who allowed Johnson to teach even though he did not have a degree. The unconventional Dixie allowed Johnson to live in his own mansion, Bosworth Hall. Although the arrangement may seem congenial, Johnson was treated as "a kind of domestick chaplain, so far, at least, as to say grace at table, but was treated with what he represented as intolerable harshness; and, after suffering for a few months such complicated misery, he relinquished a situation which all his life afterwards he recollected with the strongest aversion, and even a degree of horrour". Still, Johnson found pleasure in teaching even though he thought it boring. By June 1732, he had returned home, and, after a fight with Dixie, quit the school.
Johnson spent the rest of his time at Lichfield looking for a position at the other local schools, and, after being turned down for a position in Ashbourne, he spent his time with his friend, Hector. Hector lived in the home of Thomas Warren, on High Street Birmingham, and Johnson was invited to stay there as a guest in the autumn of 1732. Warren was at that time starting his "Birmingham Journal", and he enlisted Johnson's help, although no copies of the essays he wrote for the paper now survive. His stay with Hector and Warren was not to last, and Johnson moved into the house of a man named Jarvis on 1 June 1733. During this time, Johnson started to slip into a "state of 'absence and he began to treat his friends with "abuse".
His connection with Warren continued to grow, and Johnson proposed to translate Jeronimo Lobo's account of the Abyssinians. Johnson read Abbe Joachim Le Grand's French translations, and he thought that a shorter version might be "useful and profitable". He began work on the edition and a finished section was taken to be printed during the winter of 1733–1734. Johnson's nerves got the best of him, and after a breakdown he was unable to continue working, but felt obligated to meet his contract. To finish the rest, Johnson dictated directly to Hector, who then took the copy to the printer and made any corrections. It amounted to a month's work, and, a year later, his "A Voyage to Abyssinia" was finally published.
Johnson returned to Lichfield in February 1734, where he began an annotated edition of Poliziano's Latin poems, along with a history of Latin poetry from Petrarch to Poliziano. The work was designed to fill 480 pages and provide a detailed commentary and corresponding notes. By completing such a work as this, Johnson hoped to become known as a scholar-poet similar to Julius Caesar Scaliger, Daniel and Nikolaes Heinsius, Desiderius Erasmus, and Poliziano, all of whom Johnson admired. Johnson began on 15 June 1743 and printed a "Proposal" for the work on 5 August 1734. However, the project did not receive enough funds and it was soon brought to an end. Although the project failed, it shows that Johnson identified himself with neo-Latin humanism.
Marriage.
Johnson identified himself as a poet and, in November 1734, applied to Edward Cave to work on the poetry reviews for "The Gentleman's Magazine". In a letter written under the name S. Smith, Johnson said, "As You appear no less sensible than Your Readers of the defects of your Poetical Article, You will not be displeased, if, in order to the improvement of it, I communicate to You the sentiments of a person, who will undertake on reasonable terms sometimes to fill a column". In particular, Johnson suggested removing the magazine's "low Jests" and "awkward Buffoonery" and then replacing them with poems, inscriptions, and "short literary Dissertations in Latin or English" written by himself. Cave did not accept Johnson's proposal to write a column, but he did employ Johnson occasionally to work on minor aspects of the periodical.
Around this time, Johnson became close to a man named Harry Porter, and remained with him during his terminal illness. Porter died on 3 September 1734, leaving his wife Elizabeth Jervis Porter (otherwise known as "Tetty") widowed at the age of 45, with three children. Months later, Johnson began to court the widow; Reverend William Shaw claims that "the first advances probably proceeded from her, as her attachment to Johnson was in opposition to the advice and desire of all her relations". Johnson and Elizabeth became close, and they quickly fell in love. She admired Johnson greatly and claimed that he was "the most sensible man that I ever saw in my life".
Johnson was inexperienced in relationships, but the well-to-do widow encouraged him and provided for him with her substantial savings. The two were married on 9 July 1735, at St. Werburgh's Church in Derby. The Porter family did not approve of the match, partly because Johnson was 25 and Elizabeth was 21 years his elder. His mother's marriage to Johnson so disgusted her son Jervis that he stopped talking to her. Her other son Joseph later accepted the marriage, and her daughter, Lucy, accepted Johnson from the start.
Edial Hall.
During the previous June while working as a tutor for Thomas Whitby's children, Johnson had applied for the position of headmaster at Solihull School. Walmesley lent his support to Johnson's application, but Johnson was passed over because the school's directors thought he was "a very haughty, ill-natured gent., and that he has such a way of distorting his face (which though he can't help) the gent think it may affect some lads". He was also rejected for a position at a school in Brewood for similar reasons. Johnson did not give up his ambition to teach; with Walmesley's encouragement, he decided to set up his own school.
In the autumn of 1735, Johnson opened a private academy at Edial, near Lichfield. The building, Edial Hall, was a large house with a pyramid-shaped roof and a unique design; a back room served as the schoolroom while the rest housed Johnson's family. He had only three pupils, David Garrick, George Garrick and Lawrence Offley; David Garrick—18 at the time—went on to become one of the most famous actors of his day. Johnson designed a curriculum that focused on the reading of classical literature, starting with what he considered to be easier works, such as those by Corderius and Erasmus, before slowly progressing to Cornelius Nepos and finally onto Ovid, Vergil, and Horace. The school was advertised in the June and July 1736 editions of "The Gentleman's Magazine": "At Edial, near Litchfield, in Staffordshire, Young Gentlemen are Boarded, and Taught the Latin and Greek Languages, by Samuel Johnson".
After being open for little more than a year, the school failed in February 1737, gaining Johnson a reputation as a failed schoolmaster. He slowly abandoned his desire to teach in order to focus more on writing his first major work, the historical tragedy "Irene". The play did not earn him the money he had hoped for, though, until Garrick produced it in 1749.
On 2 March 1737, penniless, Johnson left for London with his former pupil David Garrick. To make things worse, Johnson received word that his brother had died on the day they left. However, their prospects were not completely hopeless, as Garrick was set to inherit a large sum the next year. Also, Garrick had connections in London, and the two would stay with his distant relative, Richard Norris, who lived on Exeter Street. Johnson did not stay there long, and set out for Greenwich near the Golden Hart Tavern to finish "Irene". During that time, he wrote to Cave on 12 July 1737 and proposed a translation for Paolo Sarpi's "The History of the Council of Trent" (1619), which Cave did not accept until months later.
Johnson started working on the translation of Sarpi before Cave approved, and he returned home to his wife during this time. In all, he managed to write between four hundred and eight hundred pages of text with corresponding commentary before he stopped working on it in April 1739. In October 1737, Johnson brought his wife to London; they first lived at Woodstock Street and then moved to 6 Castle Street. Soon, Johnson found employment with Cave, and wrote for his "The Gentleman's Magazine". His work for the magazine and other publishers during this time "is almost unparalleled in range and variety", and "so numerous, so varied and scattered" that "Johnson himself could not make a complete list".
In May 1738, his first major work, a poem called "London", was published anonymously. The work was based on Juvenal's and describes the character Thales's leaving for Wales to escape the problems of London. In particular, the poem describes how London is a place of crime, corruption, and the neglect of the poor. Johnson could not bring himself to regard the poem as granting him any merit as a poet; however, Alexander Pope claimed that the author "will soon be déterré" (brought to light, become well known), although it did not immediately happen.
In August, Johnson was denied a position as master of the Appleby Grammar School because a Master's degree from Oxford or Cambridge was required. To ensure that he would not suffer rejection again, Pope asked John Gower, a man with influence in the Appleby community, to have a degree awarded to Johnson. Gower attempted to have a degree awarded to Johnson from Oxford, but he was told that it was "too much to be asked." Gower then wrote to a friend of Jonathan Swift to persuade him to use his influence at the University of Dublin to have a masters awarded to Johnson, which could then be used to justify a masters awarded to Johnson from Oxford. However, Swift refused to act on Johnson's behalf. Regardless of Swift's motivation in not acting on Johnson's behalf, or how Johnson reacted to Swift's actions, it is known that Johnson then after refused to appreciate Swift as a poet, writer, or a satirist, with one exception: Swift's "Tale of a Tub", of which Johnson doubted Swift's authorship.
Between 1737 and 1739, Johnson became close to Richard Savage. Feeling guilty for his own poverty, Johnson stopped living with his wife and spent time with Savage. Together, they would roam the streets at night without enough money to stay in taverns or sleep in "night-cellars". Savage was both a poet and a playwright, and Johnson was reported to enjoy spending time and discussing various topics with him, along with drinking and other merriment. However, poverty eventually caught up with Savage, and Pope, along with Savage's other friends, gave him an "annual pension" in return for him agreeing to move to Wales. Savage ended up in Bristol however, and once again fell into debt by reliving his former London lifestyle. He was soon in debtors' prison and died in 1743. A year later, Johnson wrote "Life of Mr Richard Savage" (1744) at Cave's prompting, and this work formed the beginning of Johnson's long-lasting success. The biography was a "moving" work that, according to Walter Jackson Bate, "remains one of the innovative works in the history of biography".
Early works.
Johnson's early works and early life have been neglected topics within Johnson scholarship. As a result, he is primarily known for the events surrounding his later life and later works like "A Dictionary of the English Language". This imbalance originates in the failure of James Boswell, Johnson's friend and companion, to discuss in great detail Johnson's childhood and the beginning of his career within the "Life of Samuel Johnson", the most famous biography on Johnson. In particular, Boswell ignored Johnson's early politics and political writings which show a concern with Sir Robert Walpole's political administration.
His first major work, the poem "London", contains an early version of Johnson's ethics and morality system. Within the poem, he combined attacks on the politics of Walpole and the British government with the immoral actions of the common Londoner in order to form a general satire of 18th-century London society. Johnson compares London to the Roman Empire in its decline and blames moral and political corruption for its fall. Although Johnson did not start his literary criticism career until later, "London" is an example of what Johnson thought poetry should be: it is youthful and joyous, but it also relies on simple language and easy to understand imagery.
Johnson's first major success came with "Life of Savage", but it was not his first biography; Savage was the fourth in a series which also included biographies of Jean-Philippe Baratier, Robert Blake and Francis Drake. Although it was not the only biography that appeared immediately after Savage's death, it became the most popular, and it embodied Johnson's ideas on what a biography should be.
The book did contain some inaccuracies, particularly those surrounding Savage's claim that he was the illegitimate child of a nobleman. It was successful in its partial analysis of Savage's poetry and in portraying insights into Savage's personality, but for all of its literary achievements it did not bring immediate fame or income to Johnson or to Cave; it did, though, provide Johnson with a welcome small income at an opportune time in his life. More importantly, the work helped to mould Johnson into a biographical career; it was included in his later "Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets" series.

</doc>
<doc id="19138336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138336" title="Electoral history of Sarah Palin">
Electoral history of Sarah Palin

Electoral history of Sarah Palin, Governor of Alaska (2006-2009) and Republican vice presidential nominee in the 2008 United States presidential election.
National elections.
United States presidential election, 2008 

</doc>
<doc id="19138342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138342" title="Nasty Boys (film)">
Nasty Boys (film)

Nasty Boys is a TV drama film aired on NBC in September 1989.
Synopsis.
The film was about a North Las Vegas narcotic unit of six undercover police officers who fought crimes against drugs and illegal automatic weapons. It became a series the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19138345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138345" title="Prisăcani River">
Prisăcani River

The Prisăcani River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19138399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138399" title="WKOK">
WKOK

WKOK is a news radio station broadcasting at 1070 AM and located in Sunbury, Pennsylvania. The station operates an News/Talk format during the daytime, during which it is affiliated with the CBS Radio Network, NBC News Radio, Accuweather (all three services being offered by Westwood One), and Wall Street Journal Radio. The station switches to a sports radio format at night and for most of the weekend, carrying the CBS Sports Radio network.
Despite its "all news" designation, the program does air some talk programs in the daytime such as the local "On the Mark" program plus the syndicated Dan Patrick show & Geraldo Rivera show. Wall Street Journal This Morning is also heard on WKOK.

</doc>
<doc id="19138403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138403" title="Romania at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Romania at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Romania sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Paralympics in Beijing. The delegation consisted of five athletes (2 female, 3 male) competing in 3 disciplines, and six officials.
Medallists.
The country won one medal, a silver, its first Paralympic medal ever.

</doc>
<doc id="19138409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138409" title="Nick Alexander (author)">
Nick Alexander (author)

Nick Alexander is an English writer, his first novel was published in 2004, 50 Reasons to Say Goodbye.
Alexander was born in 1964 and grew up in the seaside town of Margate, England. 
He has traveled widely and lived in Wolverhampton (UK), Cambridge (UK) and New York City (US).
He has been living in France since 1990.
His novel, The Half Life of Hannah, published in September 2012 reached #1 in the free UK Amazon Kindle book chart and sold over 230,000 copies.
Other Halves, the sequel to The Half-Life of Hannah, was released by publisher Black and White on the 12th December, 2013.
His 2011 novel, "The Case Of The Missing Boyfriend" also spent six weeks in Amazon Uk's top ten kindle chart netting over 70,000 downloads and reaching #2, and returned to chart again in March 2012 (Highest position #11)
The sequel to "The Case Of The Missing Boyfriend", entitled "The French House", was Amazon UK's most preordered title in March 2013 and reached #2 in the UK Kindle chart in April 2013.
Other than these, his best known works are probably the "50 Reasons to Say Goodbye" series comprising
Vol 1 - "50 Reasons to Say Goodbye" (2004)
Vol 2 - "Sottopassaggio" (Underpass) (2005)
Vol 3 - "Good Thing, Bad Thing" (2006)
Vol 4 - "Better Than Easy" (2009)
Vol 5 - "Sleight Of Hand" (2010)
The novels follow the life and many loves of gay everyman hero Mark.
Nick Alexander is also the author of a collection of interlinked short stories - '13:55 Eastern Standard Time" (2007)
His works have received a great deal of positive press coverage (links below) particularly, but not exclusively in the gay press.
His titles are amongst the UK's best selling gay literature.
Nick Alexander initially self-published his novels under his own BIGfib Books imprint.
On the 17th of May 2011 Corvus-Atlantic acquired WEL rights (worldwide English language rights) to Alexander's Fifty Reason novels as well as The Case Of The Missing Boyfriend, and The French House.
The Case Of The Missing Boyfriend has been translated into Italian under the name Le ambigue verità del cuore (The Ambiguous Truths of The Heart) published by Sonzogno Italia.
The Half-Life Of Hannah is currently under translation to the Norwegian language and will be published by Bastion in late 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19138431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138431" title="Hydnellum suaveolens">
Hydnellum suaveolens

Hydnellum suaveolens is an inedible fungus often found beneath conifers. It has a funnel-shaped cap that is typically between 5–15 cm (2–6 in) in diameter. As its name suggests, it has a strong odor of anise or peppermint.

</doc>
<doc id="19138433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138433" title="Moken language">
Moken language

The Moken language is a half dozen closely related varieties spoken by the Moken "Sea Gypsies" off the coast of Burma and Thailand. It is somewhat divergent from other Austronesian languages, and has been strongly influenced by Mon–Khmer languages.
Dialects.
The Moken or Moklen–Moken dialects are typically divided into two languages, "Moken" and "Moklen", corresponding to the two varieties spoken in Thai waters. However, Moklen is just one of half a dozen Moken dialects, most of which are spoken in Burma (Naw Say Bay 1995). The Burmese varieties have not been adequately investigated, but from north to south the known dialects are:
Dung through Niawi are spoken (mostly) in Burma, Jadiak and Moklen mostly in Thailand. (Jadiak is also spoken in a second area to the south of Moklen.)
Classification.
Moken is often classified in a group with the other Malayo-Polynesian languages of Southeast Asia, Chamic and Malayic, but Adelaar (2005) concludes that they do not belong together. Another language spoken by Sea Gypsies of the same islands, Urak Lawoi’, is one of the Malayic languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19138436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138436" title="Ibanic languages">
Ibanic languages

The Ibanic or Malayic Dayak languages are a branch of the Malayic languages indigenous to western Borneo. They are spoken by the Iban, Selako, Mualang, and other Dayak peoples. 
For some time there was confusion as to the placement of various languages called Dayak; it is now apparent that some of these are Malayic and some are not. The Malayic Dayak languages include Iban; the term Ibanic sometimes applies to the whole or sometimes to a smaller group of Sea Dayak peoples, or Ibanic proper. Other Dayak languages, called Land Dayak, which are not Ibanic, are found in the northwest corner of Kalimantan, between Ibanic and Malayan. 
Languages.
"Ethnologue" also lists a "Malayic Dayak" (Bamayo), which they note is probably three languages and is related to Kendayan and Keninjal, as well as merging into Seberuang (Ibanic) and Keninjal dialectically. Bamayo, Kendayan, and Keninjal are not placed under Ibanic in "Ethnologue", but under the higher node Malayic.

</doc>
<doc id="19138458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138458" title="No Cal">
No Cal

No Cal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19138466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138466" title="David Thacker">
David Thacker

David Thacker (born 21 December 1950) is an English award-winning theatre director.
David Thacker is currently the Artistic Director at the Octagon Theatre Bolton. He has directed over 100 theatre productions including plays by William Shakespeare, Arthur Miller, Samuel Beckett, Henrik Ibsen, Anton Chekhov, Tennessee Williams, Tom Stoppard and Eugene O’Neill.
Education.
Thacker studied at the University of York.
Background.
He has worked at eight producing theatres including the Royal Shakespeare Company (Director-in-Residence), the Young Vic (Director), the Dukes Playhouse, Lancaster (Theatre Director), and the National Theatre. Seven of his productions have transferred to the West End. 
He has won Olivier Awards for Best Director ("Pericles") and Best Revival ("Pericles") and the London Fringe Award for Best Director ("Ghosts") and Best Production ("Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"). 
Television Work.
David is also a prolific television director. He has directed more than 30 TV productions, including episodes of "The Vice", "Silent Witness", "Foyle's War" and "Waking the Dead". He has also directed films, such as "Measure for Measure", "A Doll’s House", "Broken Glass", "The Mayor of Casterbridge" and "Faith", the critically acclaimed film for the BBC set in the Miners' Strike.
Recent Theatre Work.
Building on the success of the Octagon’s 40th anniversary season, Thacker planned a year long programme of work for his first season. The wide-ranging repertoire of productions includes plays by Shakespeare, Ibsen and Miller, a world premiere, a co-production, a revival of one of Mark Babych’s (Artistic Director 1998 - 2008) most successful productions, contemporary classics and a musical.

</doc>
<doc id="19138474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138474" title="Kellett K-2">
Kellett K-2

__NOTOC__
The Kellett K-2 was a two-seat autogiro developed in the United States in the early 1930s. Later examples were designated K-3 and K-4 when equipped with more powerful engines. In design, it was similar to the Cierva and Pitcairn autogiros of the day; an airplane-like fuselage with a nose-mounted engine, surmounted by a rotor mast. Also like some of Cierva's designs, the K-2 featured stubby fixed wings for additional lift, and as a mount for ailerons, for lateral control. The pilot and a single passenger sat side by side in an open cockpit, although a folding canopy (similar to that of a convertible automobile) was available as an optional extra. The first flight took place on 24 April 1931, and certification by the Department of Commerce was granted on 27 May. 
Kellett built a batch of 12 K-2s, and the type was evaluated by the United States Army as a slow-flying reconnaissance machine to observe enemy troop movements. Its performance was, however, judged to be too limited for military use. 
The K-3 of 1932 was virtually identical, but featured a Kinner engine in place of the original Continental Motors unit. One of these machines (c/n 18, registration NR12615) became the first rotary-wing aircraft to fly in Antarctica, when taken there on Richard E. Byrd's second Antarctic expedition, in 1933-34. It crashed in Antarctica on 28 September 1934 and was left there. Two K-3s were also sold to the Japanese War Office.
A K-2 (c/n 2, originally registered NC10767) was discovered derelict in a barn and restored to flying condition by Al Letcher of Mojave in 2002. This machine had been used in the Army evaluation of 1931, and in 2008 is displayed at the National Museum of the United States Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="19138498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138498" title="Hartmarx">
Hartmarx

Hart Schaffner & Marx, founded in 1887 and incorporated in 1911, is an American manufacturer of tailored menswear. Its headquarters is at 101 North Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois. Hart Schaffner & Marx is the flagship brand of HMX Group, a holding company that engages in the manufacture and marketing of apparel for men and women primarily in the United States. HMX Group specializes in men's and women's tailored clothing and sportswear—including golfwear, shirts and ties, and women's career apparel.
History.
The company has roots dating back to 1872, when brothers Harry and Max Hart opened a small men's clothing store on Chicago's State Street, called Harry Hart and Brother. In 1879, the Harts' brothers-in-law, Levi Abt and Marcus Marx, joined the partnership, which was renamed Hart, Abt and Marx.
Eight years later, Marx and Abt left the business and were replaced by a cousin, Joseph Schaffner, and the firm was renamed Hart Schaffner & Marx. At the same time, however, the wholesale business began to grow, overtaking the retail operations. On the strength of wholesale production, Hart, Abt and Marx won contracts to produce clothing for the U.S. military. This introduced the partners to prefabricated off-the-rack clothing and marked their entry into the ready-made suit trade. 
In 1897, the company began running national advertisements for its products and began selling off-the-rack suits through a variety of distributors. Hart Schaffner & Marx commissioned well-known illustrators, such as John E. Sheridan, to paint pictures for style books and retail posters. These ads portrayed the company's latest fashions in rich surroundings, establishing Hart Schaffner & Marx as a premium brand. 
By 1906 the company had branched into sizes for men who were unusually tall, short, or overweight. Hart Schaffner & Marx thus became a mass-market brand, enabling virtually any man to have a fine quality suit at a lower price than a custom tailored suit. On May 10, 1911, after years of steady growth, the partnership was incorporated. During World War I, the company introduced the first tropical worsted suits and the company's facilities were used for making uniforms. 
In 1926, the company expanded retail operations by acquiring Wallach's, a large New York City-based clothing chain, followed by Chicago retail clothier Baskin the following year. The company again produced uniforms for the military during World War II.
During the 1950s and 1960s, the company continued to expand with the acquisition of clothing manufacturer Society Brand, a major manufacturing house in 1952; Hickey Freeman, a premier men's clothing brand and retailer of Rochester, New York, was acquired in 1964; Jaymar-Ruby and Kleinhans in 1967; and, in 1969, M. Wile manufacturer of Buffalo, New York. After these major acquisitions, an antitrust suit against the company led to a consent degree barring any further acquisitions, without court approval, for ten years.
A year before the agreement expired, the company acquired Intercontinental Apparel, U.S. licensee of the Pierre Cardin brand. After acquiring Bishop's men's shops, the company expanded into women's clothing, with the 1981 acquisition of the Country Miss chain. The Kuppenheimer Manufacturing Company, retailer of inexpensive suits with 41 retail outlets, was acquired in 1982, for $25.8 million. In 1983, the company changed its name to "Hartmarx Corporation", with the new parent acting as a holding company for various subsidiaries. 
The company acquired Briar Neckwear in July 1985 and in December 1986 acquired the casual suit jacket manufacturer H. Ortisky. The following year Hart Schaffner & Marx took over the nine-store Detroit retail chain Anton's, and in 1988 purchased Boyd's, a small retail chain in St. Louis, and the Washington, D.C.-based upscale retailer Raleigh's. In February 1989 the company also added the Biltwell Company, a clothing manufacturer. By 1992, the company experienced continuing losses and divested itself of all retail outlets, except the Kuppenheimer chain. The company sold its 91-store Kuppenheimer unit and two tailored clothing factories in 1995.
The 1990s was a period of offshoring of production facilities to control costs. During that period, they closed ten domestic factories and shifted production to the Far East, Mexico, and Costa Rica. Expansion continued in this period with the acquisition in late 1996, of bankrupt Plaid Clothing Group, Inc., a maker and marketer of men's tailored suits, sportcoats, and slacks; Pusser's Ltd., including the Pusser's of the West Indies line of nautical and tropical sportswear and outerwear in 1998; and in December 1998; Coppley, Noyes and Randall Limited, a leading Canadian maker of men's tailored clothing. In August of the following year, the company acquired Royal Shirt Company, a Canadian maker of women's and men's dress and sports shirts.
The label enjoyed considerable publicity during the 2008 Presidential Campaign when then Senator Barack Obama wore the brand extensively, including suits tailored especially for his acceptance speech and the 2009 Presidential Inaugural Address. Obama expressed a personal affinity for the brand, which is based in his hometown of Chicago.
The company and its United States subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy on January 23, 2009. At the time, the company said its Canadian and other non-U.S. affiliates had not sought bankruptcy protection. Workers threatened to occupy Hartmarx's plant if the company's creditor, Wells Fargo Bank, attempted to lay off workers and liquidate the company's assets. On June 22, 2009, Hartmarx Corp. received five bids for its assets in its bankruptcy proceedings. Bidders included Emerisque/SKNL North America, Affliction Clothing Co., Perry Ellis, and Versa Capital Management. In August 2009, Emerisque Brands UK and its partner SKNL North America completed their purchase of Hartmarx.
Branding.
The Hart Schaffner & Marx premium brands dated back to the turn of the 20th Century and included Hart Schaffner & Marx and Hickey-Freeman, but it was not until one night in 1966, that branding became a significant factor in company growth. That evening, television host Johnny Carson walked on stage to deliver his nightly 'Tonight Show' monologue wearing a turtleneck sweater and a collarless Nehru jacket. Because of the overwhelming popularity of the style, Hart Schaffner & Marx entered into an agreement to market a new casual line of suits under the Johnny Carson name and, later, under the premium Bobby Jones brand and Jack Nicklaus's name. 
Hart Schaffner & Marx introduced the Austin Reed brand name during the 1960s. In 1974 the company rolled out a line of tailored clothing under the Christian Dior name, followed by Nino Cerruti, Allyn St. George, and Playboy. These new lines were created under contract to their designer namesakes and proved highly successful as fashion leaders. In 1979, Pierre Cardin was added to the distinguished list of designers. In the late 1990s, two new lines, Perry Ellis and Daniel Hechter, were introduced; the latter was positioned within the popular-priced segment and the former resided within the moderate sector. The Tommy Hilfiger line was also introduced as business casual wear. In 1996, with the acquisition of Plaid Clothing Group, Inc., brands including Burberry, Liz Claiborne, Evan-Picone, Palm Beach, and Brannoch were added to the Hartmarx stable.
Sale.
In 2012, Authentic Brands Group, an intellectual property corporation with a mandate to acquire, manage and build long-term value in prominent consumer brands, purchased Hart Schaffner Marx along with HMX's other properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19138501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138501" title="Hydnellum caeruleum">
Hydnellum caeruleum

Hydnellum caeruleum is an inedible fungus, also commonly known as the blue-green hydnellum, blue spine, or blue tooth.

</doc>
<doc id="19138506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138506" title="Reza Soukhteh-Saraei">
Reza Soukhteh-Saraei

Reza Soukhteh Saraei (, born January 31, 1950 in Aliabad-e Katul) is a famous Iranian super heavyweight wrestler. Soukhteh Saraei was famous for competing in both freestyle and Greco-Roman wrestling. He was threetimes flag bearer and gold medalist at the 1982, 1986 and 1990 Asian Games. He is the second most successful Iranian athlete at the Asian Games with 3 gold medals and 1 silver medal after Eskandar Filabi with 4 gold medals at Asian Games.
He was twice finalist at the world championship1978 and 1981 Skopje where he lost against the famous Soviets Soslan Andiev and Salman Khasimikov respectively. 
One of the highlights of his career was at the Asian Games 1986 where he competed in Greco-Roman category and won gold medal in order to let Alireza Soleimani to compete in freestyle category who also won gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19138524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138524" title="Naved Aslam">
Naved Aslam

Naved Aslam is an Indian film, television and theater actor and script writer who is best known for his roles in the 1990s Sony TV medical drama Hospital, and films Chhal (2002) and Sehar (2005). He has also written, directed and acted in numerous plays.
Aslam did his post-graduation in Mass Communications from the Jamia Millia Islamia University in 1989. He is currently single and has two sons.
Stage.
As actor
As writer/ director

</doc>
<doc id="19138542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138542" title="Fung Ying Ki">
Fung Ying Ki

Fung, Ying-ki (; born 7 February 1980) is a Paralympic wheelchair fencer from Hong Kong, China. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics he won three gold medals in the men's individual foil, team foil, and individual sabre events and took bronze in team sabre. Four years later at the Athens Paralympics, he won two golds in individual foil and team sabre and a silver in team foil.
Fung lost the use of his legs as a child after contracting a virus which damaged his spinal cord (Actue Transverse Myelitis in 1994 with paraplegia). At age 15, he began practicing wheelchair fencing at a national training facility in Hong Kong (Hong Kong Sports Institute). After the 2004 Paralympic Games he relearn to walk with lower limbs sensation deficiency and retired from fencing.
In the months leading up to the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, Fung coached Japanese wheelchair fencer Toyoaki Hisakawa in preparation for the games.
In recent years, he started participating in wheelchair marathon. He completed his first fuIl marathon in Osaka, Japan in 2011. Then in 2012, he completed the Standard Chartered Hong Kong Marathon and was the first local wheelchair racer to complete the entire course. In 2013, he won the wheelchair half-marathon for the same event. He hopes that the increasing profile of wheelchair events locally can provide more opportunities and choices to the athletes with disabilities in Hong Kong.
Education.
Fung, Ying-ki was studied in Kiangsu-Chekiang College (Shatin) (沙田蘇浙公學) during the early year and he received a B.A. with honors in Physical Education and Recreation Management from Hong Kong Baptist University (香港浸會大學) and a MEd in Sports Biomechanics from National Taiwan Normal University (國立臺灣師範大學). He is a current PhD candidate at Department of Orthopaedics and Traumatology, Faculty of Medicine, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (香港中文大學).
In 2010 summer Fung Ying Ki received a Postgraduate Travel Award from International Society on Biomechanics in Sports, and he is commission member of Hong Kong Association of Sports Medicine and Sports Science from 2010–2012. Meanwhile, he is one of the classification committee member of International Paralympic Committee (IPC) from 2010–2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19138547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138547" title="The Losers (Howard Stern)">
The Losers (Howard Stern)

The Losers were a band made up of staff members of "The Howard Stern Show". The group was formed in 1997 when the show staff started playing with instruments that Green Day had brought to the studio prior to their own performance. The band was named after their original drummer Scott the Engineer, who the other members of the show staff consider a loser. In the late nineties the band played with Jenny Jones, James Brown, Willie Nelson and Barry Williams and made an appearance on Magic Johnson's ill-fated talk show, "The Magic Hour" on July 3, 1998 to perform a flatulence-filled version of "Wipe Out".
Battle of the Bands (2000-2003).
The band has taken on various celebrity bands in battle of the bands competitions over the years. The premise behind the band is that a band made up of non-musicians can beat any celebrity-fronted band put in front of them. Every time The Losers battled a band, three judges were chosen by a third party and were people in the record industry. Howard and The Losers went first, the challengers second and all judging was done at the end. All were unanimous in The Losers' favor except for when Chris Jericho's band Fozzy performed "To Kill a Stranger" from their 2002 album, "Happenstance". One judge voted for Fozzy. After the contest Stern announced that it had been the band's final appearance. Although Stern brought the band back in 2007 for an avant-garde jam session they haven't battled other bands since Fozzy.
Members.
Although the lineup has changed over the years, two members have always been in the band:
Others over years included:
Members taken from outside the Stern Show staff:

</doc>
<doc id="19138560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138560" title="Kevin Heinze">
Kevin Heinze

Kevin Carl Heinze (1 April 1928 – 1 September 2008) was a pioneering presenter of gardening on television in Australia. He hosted a gardening program for ABC Television entitled 'Sow What', which was mostly shot on location at his one hectare home garden in Montrose, an outer suburb of Melbourne, from 1967 to 1988. He also presented for ABC Radio in Melbourne between 1967 and 2004. He was known for his "cheerio" sign off at the end of his programs. Heinze was an advocate for gardening in schools and initiated the School Garden Awards scheme in Victoria.
Following the death of his eight-year-old daughter Kim in 1974, an open day, attended by 50,000 people, was held at his garden to raise money for cancer research. He and his wife Jill eventually raised over half a million dollars for cancer research. He later became patron of the Kevin Heinze Garden Centre in Doncaster which provides gardening activities for people with disabilities.
Following a heart attack, Heinze died on 1 September 2008, aged 80.
Most of his garden was donated to the local shire council to enable the public to visit in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19138595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138595" title="Final Yamato">
Final Yamato

Synopsis.
The Galman Empire is destroyed but the planet Galmania is not, by a chance collision of galaxies. The Bolar Federation worlds including Planet Bolar are destroyed. The Yamato, back under the command of Captain Okita (who was cryogenically frozen after his apparent death in the first season), encounters the planet Denguil too late to save its humanoid civilisation from being flooded by the water planet Aquarius. The surviving Denguil, a warrior race who believe only the strong should survive, plan to use Aquarius to flood Earth and destroy humanity, in order to create a new home for their race. When all seems lost, the Denguil are destroyed by Desslar and the remains of his people (in gratitude for the human crew's having honored the former Gamilon leader dead earlier in the film), and the Yamato is filled with tritiated water and detonated like a giant hydrogen bomb by Okita to divert the water stream. A great deal of time is taken at the end of the film showing the fragments of the Yamato repeatedly "sinking" beneath the waves in space, Okita going down with his ship. The unedited version also shows Kodai finally marrying his longtime sweetheart Yuki (and subsequently "consummating" their marriage).

</doc>
<doc id="19138605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138605" title="Swami Lakshmanananda Saraswati">
Swami Lakshmanananda Saraswati

Swami Lakshmanananda Saraswati (1926–2008), born Shravan Krishna Navami, was a Hindu monk and a highly revered spiritual leader who lived a life dedicated to tribal welfare. The Swami was a native of Gurujanga village in Talcher and born in a pious Brahmin family. Over four decades ago, he left his wife and one year old son to become monk, and moved to Rishikesh in Himalayas. In 1968, He established an Ashram at Chakapada in Kandhamal district of Odisha. Since 1970 he had been involved in social services promoting tribal welfare. He was regarded as a Messiah among Hindu tribals of the area.
He was assassinated along with four disciples allegedly by Maoist insurgents with support from Christian Missionaries. On 30 September 2013, a district court convicted seven Christians for the crime.
Attacks.
His work for the upliftment of isolated tribal population and opposition to aggressive proselytizing, had run afoul of several evangelical Christian groups as well as Maoist terrorists. He was severely injured in an attack by a Christian mob on Christmas Eve, 2007. Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati accused the Congress Member Of Parliament and the chief of the missionary organisation, World Vision, Mr Radhakant Nayak for the attack on him. He also alleged that there is a nexus between Maoist terrorist and missionaries. The swami also said that World Vision spent money in India for proselytization, including during the aftermath of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. An Assam-cadre IPS officer (retired) from Odisha, Ashok Sahu, after visiting the Kandhamal district alleged that an NGO, World Vision, patronised by Congress Rajya Sabha member Radhakanta Nayak, had a role in the attack on Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati on December 24.
Swami's claim that he has been attacked 8 times before 2008 was corroborated in January 2008 by a fact finding commission, chaired by Additional Advocate General of Rajasthan G.S. Gill. The first attack on the Swami occurred on December 26, 1970.
Assassination.
He was assassinated along with four disciples at his kanyashram (Girls school) at Tumudibandh, about 100 km from Phulbani, the district headquarters of Kandhmal district on the sacred day of Janmashtami. A group of 30-40 armed men surrounded the Ashram. Four of the assailants carried AK-47s and many others had locally made revolvers. Two of the four government provided security guards had gone home to eat. The assailants tied and gagged the two remaining guards. Within minutes of the reaching the crime scene, the district authorities made a statement saying it was suspected Maoists who killed the Swami. The Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda told the private Oriya channels at an undisclosed destination that the Maoists decided to eliminate Saraswati as he was 'spreading social unrest' in the tribal-dominated district. However, Security experts who specialise in left wing extremism disagree that Maoists or left wing extremists could be behind the assassination of the monk.
Hundreds of people had gathered en route to pay their last respects to Lakshmanananda. They ended up civil-unrest, rioting, looting and attack of places of worship mostly churches and Hindu-temples.
Subash Chouhan, national co-convener of the Bajrang Dal, refused to accept that the Maoists were responsible, saying "Why all of a sudden so many days after the incident has come and spoken to the television channels?"

</doc>
<doc id="19138622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138622" title="Manuel Herrera Yagüe">
Manuel Herrera Yagüe

Manuel Herrera Yagüe, commonly known as Manu (born 29 September 1981), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Elche CF as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Born in Madrid, Manu joined Real Madrid's youth setup in 1995, aged 13, and made his senior debuts with the C-team in the 2000–01 season, in Tercera División. In the following year he was promoted to the reserves in Segunda División B, but failed to make an appearance during the campaign.
After a brief period with amateurs UD Casetas, Manu joined Palamós CF in the third level. In June 2004 he moved to fellow league club Levante UD B, and served as third-choice for the main squad in 2006–07, behind José Francisco Molina and Pablo Cavallero.
On 8 August 2007 Manu was loaned to Segunda División side SD Eibar. His first game as a professional occurred on 10 October, in a 1–2 away loss against Elche CF for the season's Copa del Rey; his maiden appearance in the league came late in the same month, a 2–2 home draw against UD Salamanca.
In the 2008 summer Manu returned to the Valencian side, now in the "silver category". Initially a backup to Manolo Reina, he enjoyed a run in the starting XI from November 2009 until March of the following year, and also achieved promotion at the end of the campaign.
On 23 July 2010 Manu joined AD Alcorcón, also in division two. After two years as first-choice (playing all league matches in the second), he moved to Elche in June 2012. 
Manu won the Ricardo Zamora Trophy in his debut season with the "Franjiverdes", who won the league and returned to La Liga after 24 years. On 19 August 2013, one month shy of his 32nd birthday, he made his debut in the competition, starting in a 0–3 away loss against Rayo Vallecano.

</doc>
<doc id="19138632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138632" title="Battle of Khoy">
Battle of Khoy

The Battle of Khoy may refer to; 
See: Khoy#History

</doc>
<doc id="19138635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138635" title="David Nikuradze">
David Nikuradze

David Nikuradze (Georgian:დავით ნიკურაძე) (born November 2, 1975) is a television news journalist.
Career.
Nikuradze was the only journalist from Georgia who covered the military campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan.
He also covered Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath and the United States presidential elections in 2004, 2008 and 2012. Nikuradze has interviewed many high-profile figures including US President George W. Bush in White House before his official visit to Georgia.
Nikuradze has produced several documentary films, among them "9/11 Aftermath and US Aviation Security", "Alaska", and "Georgian-Ossetian Conflict and Economic Rehabilitation", the only documentary made in Tskhinvali by Georgian media since the first military conflict ended in South Ossetia.
Nikuradze reported on Avian Influenza cases from Turkish hospitals and made complete news coverage from Vatican about the funeral of Pope John Paul II. In 2005 he interviewed the family of jewelry retailer BVLGARI and produced a short documentary feature about the fashion business in Italy. He also covered the death of Michael Jackson in California and 2011 Attacks in Norway.
Since 2004, Nikuradze has been the Washington, D.C. correspondent for Rustavi 2.
Previously he reported for Radio Free Europe, Voice of America, was a senior correspondent for Rustavi 2, and served as a television news producer and newspaper reporter in the country of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19138642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138642" title="Retro-active">
Retro-active

Retro-active is a compilation album by former Yugoslav and Serbian glam metal band Karizma. Album features remastered all of the songs from their second studio album "U snovima", a new version of "Vrati se" (a song which was originally released on their first studio album "Vreme je za nas"), and the song "Ludnica" which was recorded in 1994 but was previously unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="19138675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138675" title="Póvoa de Varzim City Center">
Póvoa de Varzim City Center

Póvoa de Varzim City Center or Downtown Póvoa de Varzim (Portuguese, "Centro") is the heart of Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal, and is the location for most of the city's municipal services, tourist attractions and businesses. It is the center, not only for the city or the municipality, but also neighboring municipalities. The greater downtown area also called "Centro" can also include most districts part of Póvoa de Varzim Parish.
Downtown, as defined by the City Hall, is arranged around Praça do Almada, the civic center, and extends in all directions for a number of blocks, including Junqueira shopping street, Passeio Alegre waterfront square, Mouzinho de Albuquerque business avenue, and Praça Marquês de Pombal (market square). It does not include the medieval and Discovery Age civic center of the city which is located in Bairro da Matriz district.
Despite proven to be occupied at least since the Roman period, Downtown developed its current layout in the 18th century, by royal order of Queen Mary I of Portugal due to the importance that Póvoa de Varzim got as the main seaport in Northern Portugal.
Urban morphology.
Downtown is limited to the North by Bairro Norte, to the south by Bairro Sul, to the east by Barreiros/Moninhas and Matriz/Mariadeira and to the west it borders the by Redonda Beach and Póvoa Cove.
Downtown Póvoa de Varzim is, to a large extent, made up of pedestrian areas, with difficult car access in much of its extension, although underground parking spaces are available in the waterfront and in Avenida Mouzinho de Albuquerque.
Civic Center.
Praça do Almada, the civic center, is landscaped in an egg-shape, cut in half by the National Highway 13, and is tipped by buildings with local style. The building of the City Hall (1791) dominates the square. In the square, the Manueline pillory of Póvoa de Varzim (1514) is a national monument and represents Póvoa de Varzim's self-government and laws. Next to the pillory, the romantic gazebo (1904) follows the liking of the old Povoan bourgeoisie for its spare time.
Junqueira shopping district.
Despite being pedestrian, Rua da Junqueira is the most famous and elder of those three streets. Junqueira, which links Praça do Almada to the waterfront, appeared in the written records in 1694, even though artifacts from the Roman era surfaced in diverse street rearrangements and is the site of an ancient Roman fish factory. In 1839, the Town Hall expressed concerns over urbanization issues due to popularity of this street, one of the busiest in Póvoa de Varzim, as it became in that century a full-blown shopping street, identity that it maintained to these days in which ancient stores survive.
Undersized but charismatic squares in Junqueira district, between Praça do Almada and Passeio Alegre (waterfront) can be found: Praça da República and Largo David Alves.
Old theater area.
From the surroundings of Praça do Almada, three parallel streets lead to the waterfront: Rua Tenente Valadim, that ends between the Casino and Grande Hotel, Rua da Junqueira and Rua Santos Minho. The later is related to the arts, most notably performing arts, since the 18th century. It was a square known as Campo das Cobras and the location of a theater since 1793, the local bullfighting arena and circus. The old building Salão Teatro (Theater Saloon) and Teatro Garrett Theater from the 19th century, with small artist's studios in the way, can still be found.
History.
Albeit inhabited since the Roman period, with Roman fish factories and a Roman villa. The seaport, a natural harbor, appeared in the written records in the 11th century, and the ship-making industry developed considerably in the 17th century, it was in the 18th century, with the fishing industry getting national importance, that defined the city center as it is today, with the Royal Provision by Queen Mary I on February 21, 1791. The queen ordered "Corregedor" Almada to reorganize the town's layout given Póvoa's prosperity and importance in the fishing sector. Prior to development the area had lagoons in the port area such as Boído Lagoon and Galé Lagoon.
The new civic center ("Praça Nova" - New Square) with a new town hall was built in an area used as a market square during some periods in the site of Boído Lagoon. The square was later renamed Praça do Almada in honor of Corregedor Almada efforts. The new square replaced the old town hall around Praça Velha, the Old civic center.
Prior to that, Junqueira district was already a bustling fishing quarter. As the 19th century moved in, and beach therapy became popular with the elites, Junqueira became a bourgeois shopping street.
In late 19th century and under the visions of David Alves, when Póvoa de Varzim was already a prosperous beach resort, sections of the urbanized area, which didn't grew in an orderly way, were demolished to give way for Mousinho de Albuquerque Avenue, linking Passeio Alegre Square to uptown's Dores Square ("Largo das Dores"), where mansions for the wealthy beach goers started being built. During late 20th century, some of the mansions and "Orfeão Poveiro" music hall ruins were destroyed to give rise to multifamily homes. Despite its losses, Mousinho Avenue got a new character, it became a central business avenue and a rehabilitation program was done in the 21st century.
Around Rego Square, later David Alves square, appeared some of the most charismatic entertainment venues of Póvoa in the 19th century, the Hotel Luso-Brazileiro, the Chinês Saloon, Garrett Theater, and other entertainment venues. Centering the plaza, the Chinês Saloon appeared in 1882 and became popular all over the country and the most famous casino of Póvoa alongside Café David. The elites could listen to music, see shows with Spanish dancers, meet in tertulia and play roulette.
Old bourgeois area par excellence, with the increasing business importance of Junqueira and Praça do Almada, whose spaces had been taken for tertiary activities such as shops and offices, in such a way that, today, only few people live in the most central areas of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19138713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138713" title="Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program">
Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program

The James E. Rogers College of Law at the University of Arizona has created an academic center for the study of indigenous peoples' cultures, histories, languages, laws, and human rights. The Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy (IPLP) Program furthers the research, training, and advocacy of Indian law and international law of indigenous peoples. 
Courses and clinical opportunities are offered in areas of law and policy concerning indigenous peoples in the United States and around the world. Through clinical studies and direct advocacy under the supervision of the world's most distinguished scholars in the field, students and practitioners provide legal and other forms of assistance to local and international indigenous communities. 
The IPLP Program has been involved in numerous indigenous legal issues around the country. Students and professors in the IPLP Program have assisted Central American Maya villages that have filed lawsuits in the Belize Supreme Court alleging that both the attorney general of Belize and the minister of Natural Resources and Environment had violated their property rights. 
Faculty and students of the IPLP Program have worked in coordination with other groups representing Carrie Dann and recently deceased Mary Dann, who have struggled against the federal government for decades over Western Shoshone territory, in precedent-setting proceedings before the Organization of American States' Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination. It culminated with the Inter-American Commission issuing a report in which it condemned the United States for violating the Dann sisters' human rights. 
In addition, IPLP Program personnel and affiliates have worked with the people of Awas Tingni, a Mayangna (Sumo) indigenous community located on the Atlantic Coast in Nicaragua, for many years with the landmark case decided by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Mayagna (Sumo) Community of Awas Tingni v. Nicaragua. After a lengthy legal battle, the community successfully gained legal recognition of its customary land tenure. 
Faculty
S. James Anaya
James J. Lenoir Professor of Human Rights Law and Policy
Robert A. Williams, Jr.
E. Thomas Sullivan Professor of Law and American Indian Studies 
Director of the Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy (IPLP) Program
Melissa L. Tatum
Research Professor of Law
Associate Director, Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program
Raymond D. Austin
Distinguished Jurist in Residence
Robert A. Hershey
Director, Indigenous Peoples Law Clinic
James C. Hopkins
Associate Clinical Professor, Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program
Joseph P. Kalt & Lance G. Morgan
Adjunct Professors

</doc>
<doc id="19138725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138725" title="Southwest District Key Club">
Southwest District Key Club

Southwest District Key Club is one of the organized Districts of Key Club International. Sponsored by the Kiwanis Southwest District, it consists of members from across Arizona, New Mexico, and El Paso, Texas. There are 4100 members and 110 clubs.
The District Board.
The District Board for Southwest District consists of 21 elected members and several appointed positions. The elected officers are chosen at the annual District Convention and announced at that time.
Lieutenant Governors.
Lieutenant Governors are elected representatives of each division in the district. They are responsible for the welfare of the clubs in their division and are their liaison to the District Board. There are currently 18 divisions in Southwest District, each named after a landmark in their area. The Lieutenant Governors have many duties including visiting clubs, producing divisional newsletters, helping plan the District Convention, and keeping their clubs informed on all the actions and projects of the District Board. Lieutenant Governors are voting members of the District Board.
Bulletin Editor.
The District Bulletin Editor has many duties, the greatest of which is to produce and distribute the district publication. "The Key to the Southwest" is sent out four times a year to every club in the district. Contributors include District Board Members, club officers and members, Key Club Administrators, and the Editor. The Bulletin Editor is elected at the District Convention and is a voting member of the District Board as well as a member of the Executive Board and the Executive Committee.
District Secretary-Treasurer.
The District Secretary-Treasurer has many responsibilities on the District Board including updating and sending out the District Directory, collecting and distributing District Board Member information, keeping the minutes at all District Board Meetings, and pursuing dues collection. He/she is elected at the District Convention and is a member of the Executive Board and Executive Committee.
District Governor.
The District Governor is elected by the assembly at the annual District Convention. Responsibilities to the district include preparing agendas for the District Board Meetings, presiding over these meetings, planning and running District Convention, communicating with the International Liaison, and distributing duties to the District Board. The Governor is also responsible for addressing any disciplinary issues and has a place on the International Council. During District Board Meetings and during the event of a vote resulting in an exact tie, it is the Governor's vote that acts as a tie breaker. The Governor is chairman of the Executive Committee.
Appointed Positions.
During each term the Governor may choose to appoint members to certain positions on the District Board. These positions can be vacant Lieutenant Governor positions or other board positions at his/her own discretion. These may include Parliamentarian, Executive Assistant, District Convention Chair, Webmaster, and various Committee chairman. These officers do not have a vote on the District Board, except in the case of a vacant position being filled for Lieutenant Governor or one of the Executive positions. These positions are filled by the Governor and approved by the District Board.
District Administrators.
The only position held by adults, the District Administrators work closely with the board to help their year be successful. They have a variety of responsibilities but are essentially the adult link for the District. Unlike other youth organizations, the Administrators do not control nor lead the District Board, do not have a vote on issues, and must be recognized to speak during meetings. They are largely advisors.
District Convention.
The Southwest District Convention is held annually to allow communication and fellowship between clubs. At the convention members attend informational forums, Divisional caucusing sessions, and the House of Delegates session. Each school is allowed two delegates that vote on the issues brought up by the District and the elections for Executive Officers. There is also training for the Club Officers, and information sessions for many of the projects that the District supports. There is a dance and numerous contests that clubs can participate in including talent, scrapbook, and speech. The convention marks the end of the term for District Officers. The Convention location runs on a rotation of four years between four cities in the District: Mesa (AZ), El Paso (TX), Tucson (AZ), and Albuquerque (NM).

</doc>
<doc id="19138738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138738" title="Chad Carpenter">
Chad Carpenter

Chad Carpenter is an American cartoonist, well known for his comic panel "Tundra". Carpenter launched the strip in the "Anchorage Daily News" in 1991, and since then he has self-syndicated it to over 330 newspapers, an unusually high amount for strips in self-syndication. 
Early life.
Carpenter was born and raised in Wasilla, Alaska, immersed in nature at an early age as he grew up. In 1988, in his early 20s, he left the state and moved to Sarasota, Florida, where he met Dik Browne, best known for creating the popular comic strip "Hagar the Horrible", and Mike Peters, creator of the strip "Mother Goose and Grimm". Both cartoonists advised him; Peters told him to draw what he knew. This inspired Carpenter to create a comic about the nature and wildlife he had come to know so well back in Alaska.
"Tundra".
Created in 2006, "Tundra" is published on a daily basis, always in one of two formats: Either a single-panel gag comic or a three-panel strip with regular characters and more complex humor. This alternation is similar to that used in "Mother Goose and Grimm" and "Non Sequitur". Unlike those strips, "Tundra" tends to deal with wildlife and the outdoors; its humor appeals to all demographics, young & old. Tundra also occasionally uses reader-submitted ideas. 
Carpenter still self-syndicates the strip within the United States, and currently appears in over 330 newspapers as a result, but since 2007 the strip has been syndicated internationally by King Features Syndicate. It now appears in newspapers in the United States, Canada, Jamaica, Germany, Switzerland, Sweden and Trinidad and Tobago. He has published and sold 20 "Tundra" books and has also produced extensive amounts of other "Tundra" merchandise. 
In May 2008, "Tundra" was named the best newspaper panel of 2007 by the National Cartoonists Society.
In August 2008, Carpenter was presented with a legislative citation honoring him as Alaska's Cartoon Laureate. It was presented to him by Wes Keller, a member of the Alaska House of Representatives.
Other art contracts.
Carpenter's artistic talents have led to his being contracted for projects with the National Association of Search and Rescue, the Alaska State Troopers, the United States Navy, and other companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19138739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138739" title="Osijek Oblast">
Osijek Oblast

The Osijek Oblast () was an administrative division of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. It existed from 1922 to 1929 and its capital was in the city of Osijek. 
Oblast elections.
Elections to oblasts were held once on January 23, 1927.
"Veliki župan".
The oblast was headed by a "veliki župan" (Slovenian for "Great mayor"). These were: 

</doc>
<doc id="19138768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138768" title="Japan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Japan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Japan competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country's delegation included a women's goalball team, men's and women's sitting volleyball teams, men's and women's wheelchair basketball teams, a wheelchair rugby team, and one wheelchair fencer.
Wheelchair fencing.
Japan will have one competitor in wheelchair fencing, 42-year-old Toyoaki Hisakawa. This will be Hisakawa's third appearance at the Paralympic Games.
Cycling Track.
Masashi Ishii – Men's 1 km Time Trial (LC 3–4) – 1:08.771 World Record won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19138811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138811" title="Warrior Run Generating Station">
Warrior Run Generating Station

Warrior Run Generating Station, owned by the AES Corporation, is a 205 megawatt cogeneration plant located south of Cumberland, Maryland, at 11600 Mexico Farms Road. In addition to electric power, the plant also produces food-grade carbon dioxide. 
The plant uses fluidized bed combustion (FBC) technology, in which bituminous coal and finely ground limestone are injected, using air, into the boiler. Air keeps the limestone and coal suspended in a fluid-like condition. The limestone reacts with sulfur dioxide, released during combustion of the coal, removing this pollutant from the plant's emissions. With the enhanced sulfur dioxide removal due to the FBC technology, Warrior Run can burn approximately 400,000 tons of coal from Maryland each year, which tends to be of a higher sulfur content. During 2007, 100% of the coal burned at Warrior Run was mined in Maryland. 
The FBC boiler operates at a lower temperature compared to other coal-fired boiler technology, reducing production of nitrogen oxides. Injection of ammonia and a selective non-catalytic reduction system are also used to remove nitrogen oxides. A baghouse removes particulates from the plant's air emissions.
Water used by the plant is supplied by the City of Cumberland water system. Fly and bottom ash from Warrior Run, which is highly alkaline due to the limestone used by the FBC boiler, is used as fill at four nearby surface coal mines. The plant produces about 370,000 tons of ash each year.
Warrior Run surcharge.
Warrior Run became operational on February 10, 2000. As provided by the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, the local utility, the Potomac Edision Company, which is a unit of FirstEnergy, is required to purchase the electric output of Warrior Run at its "avoided cost" rate under a contract for thirty years. However, this "avoided cost" rate, which was determined at the time of the contract, is higher than the current wholesale price of electricity, so Potomac Edison recovers the difference in this price through a surcharge on the bills of its customers. This surcharge will end in April 2030. In 2007 the Maryland Public Service Commission approved a plan permitting the Warrior Run electric output to be sold into the PJM day-ahead wholesale market and the capacity bid into the PJM forward capacity market, with the proceeds used to reduce the surcharge.

</doc>
<doc id="19138812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138812" title="Little Swan Island">
Little Swan Island

Little Swan Island is an island, with an area of 12.64 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Common Diving-Petrel, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Pacific Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Australian Pelican. The pelican colony is the southernmost in Australia. The Metallic Skink is present.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19138849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138849" title="Ascot (finance)">
Ascot (finance)

An ASCOT, or Asset Swapped Convertible Option Transaction, is an option on a convertible bond used to separate the cash flows of the underlying bond from the equity option embedded in the convert. Buyers of ASCOTs include fixed income portfolio managers and other investors that want exposure to the rate and credit risks of the convert issuer; cashflows from the convert would be passed through to these buyers. Sellers of ASCOTs typically include trading desks that want to retain exposure to the potentially lucrative equity optionality.
External sources.
http://moe.ecrc.nsysu.edu.tw/English/workshopE/2006/2006-A4-6.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19138851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138851" title="Nova Scotia Route 304">
Nova Scotia Route 304

Route 304 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Yarmouth County and connects Yarmouth at Trunk 1 with Cape Forchu.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19138855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138855" title="Cleveland Blues (NL) all-time roster">
Cleveland Blues (NL) all-time roster

The Cleveland Blues were a professional baseball franchise that operated in the National League (NL), a "major" league, from 1879 until 1884. They were organized by businessmen William Hollinger, and J. Ford Evans in 1878 as the Forest Citys, and played a season as an independent team. The NL expanded from six teams to eight before the 1879 season, and the Forest Citys accepted an invitation to join the league. Evans became their president and stayed in that capacity until C. H. Bulkeley assumed the role in 1882. In their six seasons in the NL, the team never finished higher than third place in the standings. They played their home games in League Park. 
For their first season in the NL, the franchise (now named the Blues due to their dark blue uniforms) employed Jim McCormick as the manager as well as the ace of their pitching staff. Cleveland did not fare well, winning just 27 games against 55 losses, with a league-low .223 batting average. The 1880 season was better, however, as the team increased its win total to 47 against 37 losses and a tie, McCormick winning a league-leading 45 of those victories. Over the next two seasons, the team changed the on-field leadership often; employing Mike McGeary and John Clapp as player-managers in 1881, and Fred Dunlap in 1882. The changes did not prove effective as the team was unable to finish higher than fifth place during that span. The team had their best record and highest win total in 1883 under manager Frank Bancroft. On September 13, 1883, Hugh Daily threw the franchise's lone no-hitter.
An upstart baseball league was created in 1884 by Henry Lucas called the Union Association (UA). Several member of the Blues' signed contracts with teams in the UA despite being subject to the reserve clause: including star players McCormick, Dunlap, and Jack Glasscock. These moves caused the Blues to become financially unstable. However, the franchise was able to secure a deal with the league for a better share of gate receipts. This deal was not enough for the franchise to profit, and Bulkeley sold the team to Lucas for $2,500 ($ current dollar adjustment) following the conclusion of the 1884 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="19138856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138856" title="Deal or No Deal (U.S. syndicated game show)">
Deal or No Deal (U.S. syndicated game show)

Deal or No Deal is an American game show, a daytime version of the American series of the same name that is syndicated by NBCUniversal Television Distribution. It premiered on September 8, 2008 and is hosted by Howie Mandel. The format is similar to the UK version of the show (and other versions in Spain, Italy, France, and India). In the show's second season taping moved to Connecticut.
"Deal or No Deal" was also picked up by MyNetworkTV. On February 8, 2010, it was announced that "Deal or No Deal" will be canceled following its second season due to declining ratings. Its final episode aired on May 28, 2010, with reruns that continued to air on local stations until September 10, 2010. Repeat episodes aired on MyNetworkTV back to back at 9:00 PM on Tuesdays until September 28, 2010.
Gameplay.
"Deal or No Deal" is played by one contestant at a time, five contestants per week with 22 contestants per week trying to play. Prior to each game, 22 dollar amounts ranging from $.01 to $500,000 are distributed by a third-party among 22 briefcases, the values are unknown by the host or the Banker. The cases are then randomly presented to 22 contestants.
The game begins by spinning the "Deal Wheel," a wheel with 22 numbers that correspond to the numbers on the cases. A golden ball is placed in the wheel and as it spins, the ball bounces around inside the wheel to various numbers. When the wheel stops, whichever number the ball lands is the case number selected. The contestant's case is then placed on a podium. The player has the opportunity to either keep the case that they have or swap with one of the 21 remaining cases. The only exception to this rule was when Evian has been a sponsor on the show and the models would spin a bottle of Evian water to determine the contestants for that particular week. During special themed weeks, the logo sponsoring is shown on the wheel as well. 
Through a series of rounds, the contestant is asked to select a number of the other cases still in play; each case is opened and the value revealed before it is taken out of play, and a large electronic board is used to track which dollar amounts still remain in the game. After completing the selection of cases for that round, the Banker, a silhouette figure lit only dimly from behind in a box overlooking the stage, will call down to the host using a phone on the podium. The host will then tell the player of the Banker's "offer": a cash value that depends on of the values of the cases remaining in play, in exchange for leaving the game. The host opens a Plexiglas case on the podium containing a button; if the player accepts the deal, he or she presses the button to end the game, otherwise, he or she closes the case and declares "No Deal," requiring the player to continue into the next round.
Each round progressively removes fewer cases from the game; the first round begins with five cases to be removed, the second round with five more, then four, two, two, and subsequently down to removing one case at a time. The Banker's offers typically depend on the interaction between the player and himself, as well as what amounts were removed. If lower amounts are removed, the offers will increase; likewise if upper amounts are removed, the offers will decrease. Sometimes, they represent a small percentage of the average value of all the remaining cases. From round to round, that percentage generally increases, sometimes exceeding 100% toward the end of the game. Should the player make it to the final round, with the selected case and one other case left in play, they may take the final offer or win whatever is in the case they kept (there is no swap at the end of the game). If the player takes a deal prior to the final round, the host usually encourages the player to play through to the end to see what would have happened. Only one player plays for the entire show.
"Deal's $10K Giveaway".
The syndicated version also has a "Lucky Case Game" called "Deal's $10K Giveaway, playing for $10,000 cash. Unlike the prime-time version, the contest lasts all week (with one winner per week), and viewers participate by calling a toll-free number. There are also 5 regular cases rather than 6 gold cases. The contest is designed as an advertisement for the Deal or No Deal Club, a club where shoppers could get special discounts for a monthly fee at dealornodealclub.com.
In season two, this was changed to Deal Mania!!!, giving away a $1,000 prize rather than $10,000 cash. The contest works almost exactly like Deal's $10K Giveaway, except that viewers can enter 5 times a day by calling the toll-free number or an unlimited number of times at mydealmania.com. Deal Mania!!!""' is also played every weekday and holds weekend sweepstakes as well.
History.
Originally, Mandel planned not to host the syndicated version, as his asking price to host it, in addition to the prime time NBC version, was considered to be outside of the production budget. Arsenio Hall was first considered to be the host, and even taped a pilot for the syndicated version, but was later passed over. According to rumors, Mark Curry and Frank Nicotero were also among the candidates. NBC also had concerns that the syndicated show would harm the prime time show, as "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire" had suffered from overexposure. However, the syndicated version debuted September 8, 2008, with Mandel as host.
Initially, NBC planned to package this program with the Program Partners-produced "Merv Griffin's Crosswords" for its first season, as its owned and operated stations were already airing "Crosswords" and were picking up "Deal or No Deal" as well. However, this was later scrapped after "Crosswords" abruptly stopped production after its first season and most, if not all, of the NBC O&Os aired "Deal or No Deal" in a double-run format.
As "Deal or No Deal" became an exclusively syndicated show for the 2009–10 season, major changes were made to the show:
Sponsors.
Themed Week Sponsoring.
There have been a few times where the week would be sponsored by a company, and the $1,000, $7,500 or $10,000 would be themed like the company that sponsors it. hp, Lucky Listerine, Sears, and Splenda have all sponsored a week. The contestant that opens the case will win items from that company, unless the contestant that was playing the game has that case and takes a deal, in which case nobody wins the bonus prize that day.
The exception is with Splenda; when the Splenda case is opened, the next offer after that would be "sweetened" by $10,000, thus automatically giving the contestant that money plus the offer if all cases $25,000 or higher have been removed from play. If the playing contestant went home with the Splenda case, they would win $20,000; the only way that the contestant would receive neither situation is if the Splenda was the last case in the gallery.
Also Evian sponsored one week, where the contestant holding the company's case received $1,000 and a year's supply of Evian water; an actual bottle was placed in the case in this instance.
During Visine-A week, the $7,500 spot was covered and whose ever case held the logo won an outdoor package (e.g. season baseball tickets to favorite team) and $7,500.
During Halloween week in 2008 and 2009, the Mars candy company sponsored the show. The contestant's cases were covered with the logo of a Mars candy brand, and the show's two models, Patricia and Tameka handed candy to audience members.
Also, in the $7,500 case was replaced by a "Lucky" Listerine logo. Whoever's case held the logo would win a trip.
When the hp logo appeared in the $10,000 spot, the contestant with that case would receive HP equipment valued at $10,000.
Similarly, when the Sears logo appeared in the $10,000 spot during Winter Wonderland week, the contestant with that case would receive a $10,000 Sears gift card.
Tums Relief Moment of the Week.
Every Friday, "Deal or No Deal" had a Tums Relief Moment of the Week, where they show a contestant who played that week who had a few troublesome points ("short heartburn moments of relief"), and they show how much they won saying ("Congratulations _____, what a relief!").
Samsung Help.
Sometimes when a player receives an offer and is having a tough time making a decision, Mandel extracts a Samsung phone (Blackjack 2, Glide, etc.) and the contestant can call anybody for assistance.
Top Prize Winners.
No contestant ever won the $500,000 grand prize. However, 21 contestants sold their case which later turned out to contain the grand prize. The highest winner, Chelsea Drake, sold her case for $275,000 with $100,000 and $500,000 still in play.
Contestant Lisa Einstein made a very bad deal on May 23, 2010, when she took a $23,000 deal before learning her case contained $500,000. Two contestants have each won $0.01. Therese Matthews was the first to win it on October 19, 2009, and Erica Kilcoyne won the same amount on January 14, 2010.
Reruns.
On October 18, 2010, GSN picked up the rights to air reruns of the syndicated version of Deal or No Deal. The show was pulled from the schedule for a short time, but then returned to a weekend run. The network will resume airing reruns of the syndicated version in March 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19138880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138880" title="Yoshimi Wins! (Live Radio Sessions)">
Yoshimi Wins! (Live Radio Sessions)

Yoshimi Wins! is an extended play recording of previously unreleased live performances by The Flaming Lips. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on November 15, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19138904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138904" title="Lonar crater lake">
Lonar crater lake

Lonar Lake (Marathi: लोणार सरोवर) is a saline soda lake located at Lonar in Buldana district, Maharashtra, India, which was created by a meteor impact during the Pleistocene Epoch. This lake, which lies in a basalt impact structure, is both saline and alkaline in nature. Geologists, ecologists, archaeologists, naturalists and astronomers have reported several studies on the various aspects of this crater lake ecosystem. Lonar Lake has a mean diameter of and is about below the crater rim. The meteor crater rim is about in diameter. The circular depression bears a saline water lake in its central portion. The crater's age is usually estimated to be 52,000 ± 6,000 years (Pleistocene), although a study published in 2010 gives an age of 570,000 ± 47,000 years.
The Smithsonian Institution, the United States Geological Survey, Geological Society of India, and University of Sagar and the Physical Research Laboratory have conducted extensive studies about the site.
Biological nitrogen fixation was discovered in this lake in 2007.
Geographical features.
A series of low hills surround the basin which has an oval shape (almost round) with circumference at top of about 8 km (five miles). The sides of the basin rises abruptly at an angle of about 75°. At the base, the lake has a circumference of about 4.8 km (three miles). The slopes are covered with jungle interspersed with teak trees. A belt of large trees about a mile broad runs all round the basin; this belt is formed of concentric rings of different species of trees. A ring of date-palms followed by a ring of tamarind trees (nearly 1.6 km or a mile broad) leads to a ring of babul trees, bounded on the inside by a belt of bare muddy space. This space is several hundred metres/yards broad, devoid of all vegetation (due to the soda content of the water) and covered with a whitish slimy soil. During the rainy season, the drainage into the lake covers this muddy space. The water of the lake contains various salts or sodas, and during dry weather when evaporation reduces the water level, large quantities of soda are collected. Two small streams drain into the lake, and a well of sweet water is located on the southern side, close to the water's edge.
"The historical document called the Ain-i-Akbari (written about C.E. 1600) states:
These mountains produce all the requisites for making glass and soap. And here are saltpetre works which yield a considerable revenue to the State, from the duties collected. On these mountains is a spring of salt water, but the water from the centre and the edges is perfectly fresh.
Geological origin.
Lonar Lake lies within the only known extraterrestrial impact crater found within the great Deccan Traps basaltic formation of India. The lake was initially believed to be of volcanic origin, but now it is recognized as an impact crater created by the hypervelocity impact of either a comet or a meteorite. The presence of plagioclase that has been either converted into maskelynite or contains planar deformation features (PDFs) has confirmed the impact origin of this crater. It is argued that only shock metamorphism caused by hypervelocity impact can transform plagioclase into maskelynite or create PDFs. The presence of shatter cones, impact deformation of basalt layers comprising its rim, shocked breccia inside the crater, and non-volcanic ejecta blanket surrounding the crater are further proof of the impact origin of Lonar crater.
Crater has oval shape. Meteorite impact came from the east, in a tilt of 35 - 40 degrees.
There are various estimates of the age of impact crater. Earlier thermoluminescence analyses gave a result of 52 thousand years, while recent Argon-argon dating testifies that this crater is much older - it could be 570 000 ± 47 000 years old. This greater age is in line with the degree of erosion processes of crater rims.
As a result of the studies, broadly, the geological features of the Lonar crater has been marked under five distinguishable zones, exhibiting distinct geomorphic characteristics.
The five zones are:
Historicity.
The lake was first mentioned in ancient scriptures such as the Skanda Purana, the Padma Puran and the Aaina-i-Akbari The first European to visit the lake was British officer, J.E. Alexander in 1823.
Buldhana district in Maharashtra, where the lake is located, was once part of Ashoka's empire and then of Satavahana's. The Chalukyas and Rashtrakutas also ruled this area. During the period of the Mughals, Yadavas, Nizam and the British, trade prospered in this area. Several temples found on the periphery of the Lake are known as Yadava temples and also as Hemadpanti temples (named after Hemadri Ramgaya).
Religious setting.
Numerous temples surround the lake, most of which stand in ruins today, except for the temple of Daitya Sudan at the centre of the Lonar town, which was built in honour of Vishnu's victory over the giant Lonasur. It is a fine example of early Hindu architecture. Vishnumandir, Wagh Mahadev, Mora Mahadev, Munglyacha Mandir and Goddess Kamalaja Devia are the other temples found inside the crater.
Daitya Sudan temple.
Daitya Sudan Temple is a Vishnu temple dated to the Chalukya Dynasty which ruled Central and Southern India between the 6th and 12th centuries. It belongs to the Hemadpanthi class and is built in the form of an irregular star. It features carvings similar to those seen at Khajuraho temples. The deity of this temple is made of an ore with a high metal content that resembles stone. The area outside the sanctum is dark and under the light from a torch carvings can be viewed on the ceiling. The exterior walls are also covered with carved figures. The plinth of the temple is about 1.5 m in height, and the unfinished roof suggests an intended pyramidal form for the tower.
The temple of Daityasudana at Lonar is the best example of the Hemadpanthi style. From the standing image of Surya in the principal niche on the back of the temple it is conjectured that the temple was originally dedicated to the Sun-god.However in the present form its vaishnav temple of god vishnu in its daityasudan avatar. There is a story that a demon i.e. daitya called as lonasur or lavanasur used to reside in this locality along with his sisters . He was killed by lord vishnu in his daityasudan avatar hence the name.
The temple measures 105 ft. long by 84.5 ft. broad . Its a tree chamber temple, the inner most being garbh gruh i.e. sanctum sanctorum where the idol of lord vishnu standing atop lavanasur is there . The present day idol was made by bholse rulers of Nagpur after the original went missing . The second chamber is called antarl where individual pooja are performed, on the roof of this block one can see beautiful cravings of puranic stories viz. Killing of Lavanasur by Lord Krishna and appearance of Dhar of Lonar ; story of Kansa and Krishan, story of Narasimha and HiranKashyap and lastly raskrida. The outermost chamber is called as sabahmandap which is meant for group offerings and performance . This portion as well as the enterance gate does not match the style and construction elements of the temple overall . The brickwork might have been added later to the damaged or unfinished temple which might have been caused due to various invasion post 10th century India .
The temple overall is star shaped . The main enterance is east facing .The principle niche at the back of the temple has image of surya (sun god ) which gives rise to the speculation that this might have been ( or intended to be ) temple of sungod . The other niche on the right of the temple i.e. on south has image of chamunda devi . The one on left of the temple i.e. north has narashima in it .All of these 3 niches are built like mini temples in themselves having elaborate pillars, base and decoration .
There are nemorous ridges onto the temple with different decoration,images having iconic as well as artistic significance . Many of the images depict deities or incidents on Hindu purans 
Kamalja Devi Temple.
Kamalja Devi Temple is located beside the lake and also features carved images. Although the water level rises during the rainy season and falls in summer it never touches the temple.
Gomukh Temple is located along the rim of the crater. A perennial stream emerges from here and pilgrims visiting the temple bathe in the stream.
By-products of the lake.
The Gazetteer chronicles the findings of the British administrators and scientists, notably, Colonel Mackenzie, Scientist Dr. I. B. Lyon, Mr. J. O. Malcolmson and Mr. Plymen, Agricultural Chemist. Some extracts from Mr Plymen's report, given in quotes, are informative.
"The saline deposits obtained from the lake are rather of an exceptional nature. Compared with the most famous salt lake in India, the Sambhar Lake in Rajsthan(India), it will be seen that whereas at Lonar the carbonates of soda are the most important, in the case of the Sambhar Lake the deposits of sodium chloride or common salt give the lake its value. The modes of formation are also entirely different and it is practically certain that the Lonar salts are derived from an unknown source in the bed of the lake. It is true that water is continually flowing into the lake and that except by evaporation there is no loss. The main feeder stream could not however supply this amount of alkali nor could the other smaller supplies coming in during the rains, for on all sides of the lake vegetation is abundant, particularly where the main stream flows in continuously. Were any quantity of alkali present in this water, vegetation would suffer considerably and, with exception of a few varieties of plants, eventually die out entirely."
"The salts collected from this lake vary in their nature and composition and from their-appearance are easily separated by men accustomed to handling them. Various names are given to some five or six main varieties, but there is no fixed line between one salt and another, their compositions depending upon the period and condition of crystallization. At the present time large quantities of these salts are lying on the shores of the lake..."
With the process of crystallization, sodium chloride or common salt is formed along with the carbonates of soda resulting in a number of products, as explained below.
Dalla Nimak and Nimak Dalla are found in white crystalline masses.
Khuppal is obtained in solid compact lumps and consists of a mixture of carbonates and chlorides in roughly equal proportions.
Pipadi or Papri, which has a similar chemical composition, is very different in appearance. It is frequently tinged, slightly pink in colour and hollow air spaces are found between the crystalline masses which are formed in flakes or layers.
Bhuski has no definite structure but consists of a soft flaky powder mixed with a quantity of impurity.It can be compared to small salt substance or baking soda.
The salts are not all obtained in the same way or at the same period of the year.
Pipadi and Bhuski are deposited on the shores of the lake as the water dries up in the hot weather, Pipadi being the upper layer and therefore the purer.
Except for Bhuski the salts are in a fairly pure state and contain only small proportions of earthy matter. Their further purification is not considered difficult.
Commercial exploitation of the salts from the lake is recorded from 1842, including the period of Government of His Highness Nizam, and until 1903. Presently, there is only a very small local demand for these Lonar Lake products.
Lake ecosystem.
The chemical characteristics of the lake shows two distinct regions that don't mix - an outer neutral (pH 7) and an inner alkaline (pH 11) each with its own flora and fauna.
The lake is a haven for a wide range of plant and animal life. Resident and migratory birds such as black-winged stilts, brahminy ducks, grebes, shelducks (European migrants), shovellers, teals, herons, red-wattled lapwings, rollers or blue jays, baya weavers, parakeet hoopoes, larks, tailorbirds, magpies, robins and swallows are found on the lake. Among reptiles, the monitor lizard is reported to be prominent. The lake is also home to thousands of peafowls, chinkara and gazelles.
Nitrogen fixing microorganisms.
Nonsymbiotic nitrogen fixing micro-organisms such as "Halomonas" sp., "Paracoccus" sp. "Klebsiella" sp., "Slackia" sp. "Actinopolyspora" sp. have been reported from this lake. All the nitrogen fixers are haloalkaliphilic in nature as they can grow only at pH-11. Some of the bacteria and actinomycetes isolated from this lake are able to grow on some components of inorganic medium containing "martian soil simulant components".
Threats to Lonar lake.
Lonar lake of faces anthropological and environmental problems as listed below:
Crater is protected as a geological landmark and authorities have recognized the role of the historical and archaeological heritage in the lake, nevertheless action is needed to prevent the adverse impact of settlements and religious festivities on local ecosystem. Various civic activities (e.g. "Save Lonar") in protection of Lonar crater are on-going.

</doc>
<doc id="19138922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138922" title="Gordon Chaplin">
Gordon Chaplin

Gordon Chaplin (31 July 1907 – 27 June 1964) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in St. Catharines, Ontario and became a businessman and manufacturer by career.
The son of James Dew Chaplin and Edna Elizabeth Burgess, he was educated in St. Catharines and established himself in business in Galt. Chaplin was president of Canadian General Tower Limited and a director of the Waterloo Savings and Trust Company. In 1920, he married Helen Elizabeth Goring.
Chaplin represented Waterloo South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1945 to 1948; he was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1948. He was first elected to the House of Commons for the Waterloo South riding in the 1962 general election and re-elected there in 1963. Chaplin died in office on 27 June 1964 during his term in the 26th Canadian Parliament.
His uncle Alexander Dew Chaplin also served in the House of Commons.
There is a beautiful park named in his honour in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="19138942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138942" title="Wilhelm Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein">
Wilhelm Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein

Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, since 1931 of Schleswig-Holstein (23 August 1891 – 10 February 1965) was the Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and Head of the House of Oldenburg from 21 January 1934 until his death on 10 February 1965.
Early life.
Prince Friedrich was born on 23 August 1891 at Grünholz Manor in Schleswig-Holstein, Prussia as the fifth child and only son of Frederick Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderbug-Glücksburg and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg.
Prince Friedrich's father was the eldest son of Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and a nephew of Christian IX of Denmark. Upon the death of his father in 1885, he had succeeded to the headship of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and the title of duke.
Later life.
When the Head of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg Albert, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein died on 27 April 1931, Friedrich's father Friedrich Ferdinand became the Head of the House of Oldenburg and inherited the title of Duke of Schleswig-Holstein.
On 21 January 1934, Duke Friedrich Ferdinand died, and Friedrich became head of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
Duke Friedrich died on 10 February 1965 in Coburg, Bavaria, West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19138946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138946" title="HKScan">
HKScan

HKScan Oyj (OMX: HKSAV) is a Finnish manufacturer of meat foods and products, but nowadays its product range also includes ready meals and pet foods. It is based in Turku. In the 1990s and 2000s the company – by then known as HK Ruokatalo Oy – targeted the international market, acquiring meat production companies around the Baltic Sea: In Sweden, Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania – including the Swedish Scan AB in 2007, resulting in the modern-day name of the company.
HK is originally an initialism of Helsingin Kauppiaat ("Helsinki Merchants"), a company that was acquired by LSO in 1991. HK is the best known brand of the company in its native Finland. Its Finnish subsidiary is still known as HK Ruokatalo Oy ("HK Food House Inc."). HKScan Oyj is the fifth largest food manufacturer in Europe and a company listed in the Helsinki Stock Exchange.
History.
The history of the company in its current form traces back to the year 1913, when a number of farmers founded the co-operative slaughterhouse of South-Western Finland (LSO – Lounais-Suomen Osuusteurastamo, or nowadays LSO-Osuuskunta Oy, a subsidiary of HK Ruokatalo Oy responsible for attaining the livestock in Finland). The company was successful in domestic meat wholesales.
More local co-operative meat producers joined LSO during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. A big reorganization took place in the Finnish meat products market in 1981 and 1985 when SOK and OTK – both large retailing co-operatives – gave up their own meat industries. This naturally led to major increase in LSO's market share.
During the early 1990s LSO acquired other domestic food manufacturers: Helsingin Kauppiaat Oy in 1991 and Kariniemi Oy in 1993. Helsingin Kauppiaat was a meat producer with a factory located in Helsinki's suburb Sörnäinen at the time. Its products included the well-recognized "Sininen Lenkki" sausage. Kariniemi was a producer of chicken meat. Sörnäinen area is still active (as of 2010) in meat production and wholesale business, spotting Helsingin Tukku wholesaler and Chef Wotkin's meathouse, but all the functions of the original HK factory, including the production of "Sininen Lenkki", have moved to a new factory in Pakkala, Vantaa.
The company started foreign expansion in 1998, when it bought the majority of shares in the Estonian Rakvere Lihakombinaat, a previously state-owned but later privatized food producer. More companies were acquired in the following years: Sokołów in Poland, Tallegg in Estonia and Rigas Miesnieks in Latvia. Rigas Miesnieks has operations in Lithuania as well, where the company offers Klaipedos Maistas brand products in addition to its own Latvian brands. 
In 2006 and 2007 the heavily expanded company, that by this time was known as HK Ruokatalo Group, acquired Scan AB, the largest meat producer in Sweden. Consequently, the company renamed to "HKScan Oyj".
In September 2010 HKSCan announced that it would acquire the biggest poultry products manufacturer in Denmark, Rose Poultry.
The company has optimized its production chain heavily during the 1990s and 2000s, leading to many mass layoffs and closures. Production facilities in Turku were closed in October 2007, and in Tampere in March 2008.
Brands.
In Finland, HK Ruokatalo Oy offers several brands including:

</doc>
<doc id="19138961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138961" title="Radio Paris">
Radio Paris

Radio Paris was a French radio broadcasting company best known for its Axis propaganda broadcasts in Vichy France during World War II. 
Radio Paris evolved from the first private radio station in France, called Radiola, founded by pioneering French engineer Émile Girardeau in 1922. It became Radio Paris on March 29, 1924, and remained so through June 17, 1940, transitioning to state ownership in December 1933 as the premier station in the country. It kept its name from July 1940 until August 1944, but the station was then run by Nazis and French collaborators.
From 1940, collaborationist voices on Radio Paris included Jacques Doriot and Philippe Henriot. From 1942, Jean Hérold-Paquis broadcast daily news reports on Radio Paris, in which he regularly called for the "destruction" of the United Kingdom. His catch phrase was "England, like Carthage, shall be destroyed!", echoing Cato the Elder's slogan "Carthago delenda est".
Its broadcasts were pitched directly against the BBC broadcasts of "Radio Londres" by Free French figures like Pierre Dac, who sang the taunting refrain, "Radio Paris ment, Radio Paris ment, Radio Paris est allemand" ("Radio Paris lies, Radio Paris lies, Radio Paris is German"), to the tune of La Cucaracha. On 8 May 1942 its transmitter in Bourges was blown up by the Resistance.
The station was shut down on the evening of 15 August 1944 by a trained police commando action, as part of the liberation of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19138965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138965" title="Tau robe">
Tau robe

A Tau Robe is a very simple gown cut to resemble the Greek letter, "Tau," or "T". The arms are usually from fingertip to fingertip, and the bottom hem is usually floor length, as with a ceremonial tabard. Both the arms and body of the gown will have a flair so that the sleeves are wider at the fingers than at the armpits, and the bottom wider than at the chest. This loose fitting helps with maneuverability while wearing the robe.

</doc>
<doc id="19138973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138973" title="Holy Trinity Anglican Church (Alma, Prince Edward Island)">
Holy Trinity Anglican Church (Alma, Prince Edward Island)

Holy Trinity Anglican Church is a large historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located at 40986 Western Road (PEI Route 2) in the unincorporated village of Alma, 4 miles north of Alberton, Prince Edward Island Canada. It was built of wood between 1888 and 1890 by local craftsmen Its steep pitched roof, lancet windows and entrance tower are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches. Its rear chancel has a separate roof line and appears to be an add on. The adjacent cemetery predates the church by one year. Because of its "well preserved carpenter Gothic architecture", its "association with the history of the Anglican Church in western Prince Edward Island" and "its contribution" to the community of Alma", it was designated a provincial heritage site by the province of Prince Edward Island on December 21, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19138986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19138986" title="Canon de 194 mle GPF">
Canon de 194 mle GPF

The Canon de 194 mle GPF ("Grand Puissance Filloux" - High-Power Filloux) - was the first French tracked self-propelled gun (SPG). Designed at the end of World War I, it was a pioneering weapon with many modern features.
The vehicle was designed in Schneider's Le Creusot works. It was originally planned to arm it with a 155 mm gun but a weapon of 194 mm was eventually chosen. A few examples of this SPG were armed with a modified 280 mm siege mortar, this version was known as the M 280 sur chenilles (literally - "tracked M 280"). Both weapons used the same chassis and were powered by a Panhard SUK4 M2 engine. Compared to its contemporary British SPG, the Gun Carrier Mark I, the Canon de 194 was much more advanced; it was driven by only one person, had hydraulic brakes and the gun had automatically adjusting recoil mechanisms and pneumatic recuperators.
After the Great War all M 280 models were converted to take the 194 mm gun. Around 50 were still in use at the outbreak of World War II, some were used against the invading German forces. Surviving vehicles were pressed into Wehrmacht service as the 19.4cm Kanone 485 (f) auf Selbstfahrlafette. At least 3 of them were used by the Germans in Russia in about 1942, serving in the 84th Regiment of Heer Artillery.

</doc>
<doc id="19139003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139003" title="Swan Island (Tasmania)">
Swan Island (Tasmania)

Swan Island is a granite island, with an area of 239 ha (591 ac; 0.92 mi²), in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania. Part of the island is privately owned and it contains an automated lighthouse, several houses and an airstrip. It has previously been subject to grazing by livestock. Several shipwrecks have been recorded here of vessels passing through Banks Strait; Brenda (1832), Mystery (1850), Union (1852).
Fauna.
Swan Island forms part of the Cape Portland Important Bird Area. Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher, Pied Oystercatcher, Hooded Plover, Caspian Tern and Crested Tern. Cape Barren Geese also nest on the island. Reptiles present include the Metallic Skink, White's Skink, Bougainville's Skink and Tiger Snake. European Rabbits and House Mice are present.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19139007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139007" title="Clifford Taylor (composer)">
Clifford Taylor (composer)

Clifford O. Taylor (20 October 1923 Avalon, PA-19 September 1987 Abington, PA) was an American composer and music educator. He studied with Walter Piston and Paul Hindemith and served as chairman of the department of music composition at Temple University for 23 years. Among his compositions are three symphonies, "The Freak Show" (a 1975 
one-act opera), several string quartets and numerous piano sonatas. In December 1971 the Philadelphia Orchestra played the world premiere of his "Symphony No. 2". He was married for many years to Louise Kemp, living with her in Jenkintown, PA until his death at Abington Memorial Hospital in 1987. They had three sons, Christopher, Andrew and Jonathan Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="19139020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139020" title="Huber, Indiana">
Huber, Indiana

Huber is an unincorporated community in Fayette County, Indiana, United States. The community is served by Indiana State Road 1 and is near Mettel Field.

</doc>
<doc id="19139034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139034" title="Holy Trinity Anglican Church">
Holy Trinity Anglican Church

Holy Trinity Anglican Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19139046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139046" title="Star Blazers">
Star Blazers

Star Blazers is an American animated television series adaptation of the Japanese anime series, . "Star Blazers" was first broadcast in the United States in 1979. Significantly, it was the first popular English-translated anime that had an overarching plot and storyline that required the episodes to be shown in order. It dealt with somewhat more mature themes than other productions aimed at the same target audience at the time. As a result, it paved the way for future arc-based, plot-driven anime translations.
Plot.
"Star Blazers" consists of three television seasons. Each is an English-language adaption of its Japanese "Space Battleship Yamato" counterpart. The Japanese saga, however, entails more than just these three TV seasons, and part of this missing portion of the saga occurs between Seasons Two and Three, during the movies "" and "Be Forever Yamato".
In the first season, Earth is attacked by Gamilon, a distant planet. The radiation from Gamilon's planet bombs forces everyone on Earth underground. With no way to remove the radiation, all life on Earth will be wiped out in one year. The Earth then receives unexpected help from Queen Starsha of the planet Iscandar, who offers a device called "Cosmo DNA" which will remove the radiation. However, since Iscandar is 148,000 light years away, Starsha also sends plans for the experimental Wave Motion Engine that, when constructed, will aid whoever can travel to Iscandar. On Earth, a crew is recruited, headed by Captain Avatar, and an old sunken battleship (the "Yamato") is transformed into a spaceship (the "Argo"), outfitted with the Wave Motion Engine, and sent to Iscandar.
The second season is set one year after the "Argo" returns to Earth with the Cosmo DNA and Earth's ecosystem is restored. It now faces a new, dangerous enemy, the Comet Empire, led by Prince Zordar. Unlike Gamilon, which was seeking to capture Earth to colonize it, Zordar simply wants to conquer Earth and add it to his Empire. Desslok, the Gamilon leader, also joins forces with Zordar, mainly because he wants revenge on the "Argo" for having destroyed Gamilon. The series revolves around the "Argo," now commanded by Deputy Captain Derek Wildstar, working with the Earth Defense Force to face Zordar.
In the third season, the "Argo" is caught in the middle of a war between the Galmans (the re-formed Gamilon Empire) and the Bolar Federation. A stray missile fired during the war causes the sun's thermonuclear reactions to go out of control. Unless it can be stopped, the sun will destroy the Earth in one year and the entire solar system in three. Derek Wildstar, now officially in command of the "Argo," is charged to help find a new home for Earth's population.
Characters.
First and second seasons.
Major characters appearing in Seasons One and Two are listed below by their canonical (Westchester) names:
Third season.
Major characters appearing in Season Three are as follows:
Production and release.
In 1977, before the debut of the American "Star Blazers" series, the Japanese anime film "Space Battleship Yamato" (or "Space Cruiser Yamato" as it was known at the time) was dubbed into English and re-titled "Space Cruiser". This film was sold and released in several countries, including the U.S., France, and Britain. The U.S. release was extremely limited, and eventually ended up airing on television in the Los Angeles area in 1978.
Following this, the Westchester Corporation identified the first "Space Battleship Yamato" anime TV series from 1974 as a potential "kids' property" and bought the rights to the first two seasons (season three had not been made yet). Dubbing and editing were done by Griffin-Bacal Advertising and production and syndication was handled by Claster Television. The Japanese language elements such as series title and scene captions were replaced or removed. New opening credit rolls were created featuring the "Star Blazers" logo. The series premiered in the San Francisco Bay Area on September 17, 1979 as part of the "Captain Cosmic" show on KTVU 2. "Star Blazers" initial broadcasts received high ratings, and subsequent rebroadcasts contributed to build anime fandom in northern California.
Being marketed to a school-age audience, this animated space opera was bowdlerized by the American editors in order to satisfy the broadcast standards and practices offices of American TV stations.
However, far fewer edits were made than with another 1970s anime, "Battle of the Planets" (an edited version of "Science Ninja Team Gatchaman"). Even in its edited American form "Star Blazers" retains practically all of its uniquely Japanese characteristics in terms of content, plot, character development, and philosophy.
Principal changes in the change-over to "Star Blazers" included westernization of character names, reduction of personal violence, toning down of offensive language and alcohol use (references to sake were changed to "spring water," and the Doctor's perpetually drunken state was portrayed as merely good humor), removal of sexual fan service, and reduction of references to World War II, although the sunken battleship ruins were still identified as the battleship "Yamato" in dialogue. The most significant reference removed—and the longest single edit in the series—was a section from episode two depicting the Battleship "Yamato"'s final battle during World War II, including imagery of the captain tied to the helm as he went down with his ship. (This section WAS NOT in the bonus content on the "Voyager Entertainment Series 1, Part II" English-language DVD release.)
Many fans regard "Star Blazers" as more "adult" than other cartoons shown in the U.S. at the time, as personal tragedy, funeral scenes for fallen comrades, and the extinction faced by humanity were left intact. The very Japanese theme of "the honorable enemy" was also a tremendously important aspect of character development; in particular, the major villain of the first series, Desslok, during the second and third seasons, as well as in the later movies.
The most significant change made by Griffin-Bacal was purely narrative: In the original series the "Yamato" and its crew were regarded as a single entity, the narrator each week urging ""Yamato", hurry to Iscandar!" In English, the significance of the name "Yamato" as a word the viewers can identify with, signifying the land, people, and spirit of Japan is lost, so in "Star Blazers" the crew were named the "Star Force" and became the focus of the show. The ship is still the historical "Yamato" and is referred to as such in early episodes (although the ship's back story is edited out), but is renamed the "Argo" (after the ship "Argo" of Jason and the Argonauts), but the crew keep calling "it" (not her) Star Force and becomes merely the vessel in which they traveled.
The first two seasons (""The Quest for Iscandar"" and ""The Comet Empire"") were broadcast in 1979 and 1980. By the time the third season of "Yamato" was released, the original voice actors were unable to be reached by the American production company. The third season (released as ""The Bolar Wars"") played to a small test market and was not as widely seen until its release on video and DVD. It remains less popular than the first two seasons. Many of the original English voice actors have since been tracked down and interviewed for the more recent "Star Blazers" DVD releases.
The American dub version of "Star Blazers" series one and two aired in 1983 in Australia on the ABC network. The series aired Monday through Friday at 5pm.
Live action adaptation.
During the mid-1990s, Walt Disney Pictures optioned the rights with the intent to produce a live-action "Star Blazers" movie from producer Josh C. Kline. An early draft of the script by Oscar-nominated writer Tab Murphy was leaked on the Internet in the late 1990s. The story was a re-telling of the Season One plot, and followed a ragtag crew of misfits (most of whom are not named after any of the original show's crew) aboard the rebuilt United States battleship "Arizona" on a mission to save Earth. The project was abandoned by Disney following the departure of David Vogel, Disney's President of Production. In April 2006 it was announced that Benderspink and producer Josh C. Kline had teamed up to make another attempt at creating a live action version of the story, but as of 2012 no movie version has been released by them.
A live-action "Space Battleship Yamato" movie was released in Japan on December 1, 2010, produced by Toshiaki Nakazawa and Kazuya Hamana.
In February 2011, it was announced that an English-language live action version is again in the works. David Ellison's Skydance Productions is currently in negotiations to acquire the rights. Christopher McQuarrie ("The Usual Suspects", "Valkyrie", "X-Men") has been tapped to write the screenplay, but so far, no dates have been announced. According to Deadline, McQuarrie is now also attached as Director and will be a Producer on the film alongside Josh C. Kline, David Ellison and Dana Goldberg, with Shouji Nizhizaki and Paul Schwake as Executive Producers for Skydance.
American comic adaptations.
To date, four American comic adaptations have been published: a five-volume series retelling the original story, two comic book series, and, most recently, a web comic.
West Cape Co. Animation Comics.
The first adaptation was a set of books presenting the original first season in five volumes using the original cel animation. It was published in 1983 by West Cape Co., Ltd. under their imprint, W.C.C. Animation Comics. The books use digest footage that was already laid out and published for the Japanese market as "film comics". The translations relied heavily on the English dialog of Star Blazers, with minor modifications. The English language editions were printed in Japan and distributed by Books Nippan of Los Angeles, the American branch of Nippon Shuppan Hanbai. The title of each book includes ""Original Title: Space Cruiser Yamato"" as a sub-title.
Comico.
The second adaptation (actually two miniseries) was published by Comico Comics in the late 1980s and served as a postscript to the second season. The plot leveraged the fact that the Season Three script had misidentified the enemy in the flashbacks as a remnant of the Comet Empire. In this series, it was discovered that the White Comet Empire's rear fleet (comprising fully half of the empire's entire fleet) still existed and—with Earth's entire fleet (other than the "Argo") having been wiped out—only the "Argo" stood between this massive enemy fleet and Earth. In this story, the Comet Empire took over the "Yamato" and used it against Earth. The second Comico miniseries dealt with the Star Force's battle against a renegade Earth General and his alien allies. Due to its weak artwork and story, this second miniseries was less well received than the first.
Voyager Entertainment Print.
In the mid-90s, Voyager Entertainment published 12 issues of a "Star Blazers" comic book before publication was halted due to poor sales.
Voyager Entertainment webcomic.
"Star Blazers Rebirth" is a webcomic formerly featured on the official "Star Blazers" site. Although similar in storyline, it is not to be confused with the newest Yamato film, . The art and story is by Tim Eldred, who was also responsible for the Voyager Entertainment series. The Earth is once again threatened by a menace from space headed for the Earth 25 years after the first series; this time in the shape of what appears to be a moving black hole. At first, Earth's government does not believe the information, on the basis that black holes aren't supposed to be able to move. However, they eventually agree to send Earth's newest and most powerful ship, "Andromeda II", to investigate. Upon reaching its destination, "Andromeda II" is quickly destroyed with all hands on board, though not before transmitting data to Earth. Shocked by the disaster and the lack of response from Earth's government, Wildstar remains out of service. He is now in his 40s, with gray hair and a beard grown in deliberate homage to the late Captain Avatar. He is haunted by nightmares both of his past and alternate pasts- the nightmares come but different people die, or familiar faces have new names. Finally Wildstar and Sandor devote their wealth and energies to rebuilding the nearly shattered "Argo". The ship had been encased in ice and left floating in Earth orbit at the end of "Final Yamato". Since most of the old surviving bridge crew of "Argo" are now captains in command of their own ships, many of the new crew members are the children or grandchildren of the original "Argo" crew. Earth's evacuation to numerous colonies has left Earth's forces stretched far too thinly, with several colonies beginning to break away from Earth's control under command of Captain Nenezich. Short on supplies, "Argo" heads toward the center of the galaxy in an attempt to learn more about the mysterious black hole and a rash of attacks on Earth's colonies.
Themes / Lyrics.
The release of the American series also required an adaptation of the original Japanese lyrics to English. The English lyrics were written by American commercial jingle writer Ginny Redington. The opening sequence, entirely different from the Japanese version, consists of clips from the series, presumably because no text-free version of the original Japanese opening was available.
Opening Theme: First Season
We're off to outer space / We're leaving Mother Earth / To save the human race / Our Star Blazers<br>
Searching for a distant star / Heading off to Iscandar / Leaving all we love behind / Who knows what dangers we'll find?<br>
We must be strong and brave / Our home we've got to save / If we don't in just one year / Mother Earth will disappear<br>
Fighting with the Gamilons / We won't stop until we've won / Then we'll return and when we arrive / The Earth will survive<br>
With our Star Blazers
Opening Song for the Second and Third Seasons
We're off to outer space / We're leaving mother Earth / To save the human race / Our Star Blazers<br>
A cry for help, a desperate plight / Makes our Star Force reunite / As we rush to meet our fate / The Comet Empire awaits<br>
We must be strong and brave / To stop its evil ways / If Zordar's plot should work / He'll destroy the universe<br>
We'll fight the Comet Empire / Battle through the raging fire / Filled with the hope that Earth will survive / We'll keep peace alive with<br>
Our Star Blazers
Closing Theme
We're off in outer space / Protecting Mother Earth / To save the human race / Our Star Blazers<br>
Danger lurking everywhere / But we know we've got to dare / Evil men with evil schemes / They can't destroy all our dreams<br>
We must be strong and brave / Our home we've got to save / We must make the fighting cease / So Mother Earth will be at peace<br>
Through all the fire and the smoke / We will never give up hope / If we can win the Earth will survive / We'll keep peace alive<br>
With our Star Blazers
As the series were exported to other countries, local adaptations were likewise made (although the Italian version had a totally different theme song, as was usually the case with Italian adaptations of anime). 
The melody of the original Japanese closing theme to "Yamato" Series One, "Makka na Scarf" ("The Scarlet Scarf"), can be heard briefly in "Star Blazers" Episode Ten, in which the melody is hummed by an all-male chorus and the lyrics "We will return" are sung to the last few bars of the tune.
DVDs.
DVDs of the three TV seasons were released in 2002 by Voyager Entertainment, entitled "The Quest for Iscandar", "The Comet Empire", and "The Bolar Wars". Each season is contained on six discs, and each disc included bonus footage or material. The discs are available individually or as collections, in three separate boxed sets of six discs each.

</doc>
<doc id="19139060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139060" title="William Hector McMillan">
William Hector McMillan

William Hector McMillan (24 January 1892 - 8 September 1974) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Blenheim, Ontario and became a physician by career.
He was first elected at the Welland riding in a 16 October 1950 by-election, then won successive terms there in the 1953, 1957, 1958, 1962 and 1963 federal elections. McMillan left Parliament in 1965 after completing his term in the 26th Canadian Parliament and did not seek further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19139061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139061" title="Vineeta Rai">
Vineeta Rai

Vineeta Rai (born September 5, 1944) is a former Indian Administrative Service officer and Revenue Secretary in the Government of India. Rai was voted one of "The 25 Most Powerful Women in Business" in India in 2003.
Early life.
Rai completed her schooling at Sardar Patel Vidyalaya in New Delhi and subsequently studied history at Miranda House, and Brandeis University on a Wien International Scholarship.
Career.
An officer of the 1968 IAS batch of the Union Territories cadre, Rai is the first women to hold the post of Revenue Secretary in the Ministry of Finance. She was appointed in June 2003 and held the post till September 2004.
Previously, Rai has held posts in the Ministry of Urban Development, Ministry of Health & Family Welfare and Ministry of Home Affairs in the Union Government.
She also worked in various state administrations and public sector undertakings.

</doc>
<doc id="19139069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139069" title="Devon Lowery">
Devon Lowery

Devon Eugene Lowery (born March 24, 1983 in Lincolnton, North Carolina) is a retired professional baseball pitcher, who played for the Kansas City Royals in 2008.
Professional career.
Lowery was drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the 14th round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft. After seven years in the minors, he was called up for the first time on September 1, . After retiring, he became a coach in the Royals' farm system.

</doc>
<doc id="19139097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139097" title="Phalia Tehsil">
Phalia Tehsil

Phalia Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Phalia is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 21 Union Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="19139103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139103" title="Maurice Moreau">
Maurice Moreau

Maurice John Moreau (1 April 1927 - 18 March 2003) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Dollard, Saskatchewan and became a consulting engineer by career.
He was first elected at the York—Scarborough riding in the 1963 general election after an initial unsuccessful attempt there in 1962. After completing his only term, the 26th Canadian Parliament, Moreau left the House of Commons and did not seek another term in the 1965 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19139111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139111" title="Wade LeBlanc">
Wade LeBlanc

Wade Matthew LeBlanc (born August 7, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. He has also played previously in MLB for the San Diego Padres, Miami Marlins and Houston Astros.
Professional career.
San Diego Padres.
2006-07: Draft and pro debut.
LeBlanc was drafted by the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in the 36th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft, but instead decided to attend the University of Alabama. He was then drafted by the San Diego Padres in the second round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft. 
He posted a 5-1 record and a 3.02 ERA in 14 games, 10 starts, from Short-Season Eugene Emeralds and the Class-A Fort Wayne TinCaps in . On June 29 against the Vancouver Canadians he earned his first win in his professional debut, tossing one scoreless inning of relief. He was promoted to Fort Wayne on July 24. He tossed four scoreless innings, allowing four hits and no walks while striking out seven in his Wizards' debut on July 28. He won his final three starts from August 18 to September 2, giving up just two runs over 15 innings. He struck out a season-high eight batters over five scoreless innings on August 27.
2008-2011: Call-up and struggles.
LeBlanc spent the majority of the season with the Triple-A Portland Beavers, pitching in 26 games, 25 starts. He ranked second in the Paciﬁc Coast League in strikeouts with 139 and tied for third in wins with 11.He was the third Portland pitcher and the ﬁrst left-handed pitcher since the team returned to the PCL in to reach the 11-win mark. He won the PCL Pitcher of the Week award on two occasions.
He was called up to the Majors for the first time on September 1, . He made his Major League debut on September 3, but struggled, pitching four innings, allowing four runs on eight hits, with one strikeout.
He picked up ﬁrst Major League win on September 15 against the Colorado Rockies, yielding four runs over six innings with six strikeouts.
Miami Marlins.
On November 22, 2011, San Diego traded LeBlanc to the Miami Marlins for John Baker. He was sent to triple-A New Orleans Zephyrs. 
On June 30, 2012, LeBlanc was called up by the Marlins to replace Edward Mujica who was placed on the disabled list with a fracture toe. He played his first game as a Marlin on July 3 against the Milwaukee Brewers, and went 0.2 of an inning. With Carlos Zambrano struggling, Ozzie Gullien moved Zambrano to the bullpen and let LeBlanc take his spot in the rotation. As a starter, LeBlanc went 1-4. Overall, he pitched in 25 games(9 starts) with a 3.67 ERA, a 1.31 WHIP, 19 walks, 43 strikeouts, a 2-5 record in 68.2 innings pitched. 
LeBlanc began 2013 as the fourth member of the Marlins rotation, where he made 7 starts before being moved to the bullpen in favor of Tom Koehler. He was designated for assignment on June 3, 2013, 1 day after picking up his first win in 2013. In 13 games with Miami, he went 1-5 with a 5.18 ERA, striking out 31 in 48.2 innings.
Houston Astros.
LeBlanc was claimed off waivers by the Houston Astros on June 8, 2013, and he was inserted in the bullpen. After making 3 appearances, including one on June 23 where he gave up 4 runs in 1.2 innings, he was designated for assignment on June 24. He was outrighted to Triple-A Oklahoma City 2 days later. He was called back up on August 19. He came in the game that day, giving up 5 runs (1 earned) in 2.2 innings of relief. He was designated for assignment the next day, and was outrighted to Oklahoma City 2 days later, where he finished the season. In 19 games (7 starts) with the RedHawks, he went 3-1 with a 4.71 ERA, striking out 47 in 49.2 innings. After the year, LeBlanc became a minor league free agent.
Los Angeles Angels.
On November 11, 2013, LeBlanc was signed to a minor league deal with an invitation to Spring Training.

</doc>
<doc id="19139125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139125" title="John McNamara (artist)">
John McNamara (artist)

John McNamara (born 1950) is an American artist who was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He graduated from the Massachusetts College of Art in 1971 with a BFA in painting and in 1977 with an MFA. In 1975, he began teaching painting at the Massachusetts College of Art and remained there until 1983. He received a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship in 1981. Since 1993, he has taught at University of California, Berkeley. He currently lives in Novato CA with his wife, educator and writer Diane Darrow and two sons Jeremy and Seamus McNamara 
The Boston Public Library, the Davis Museum and Cultural Center (Wellesley College, Wellesley, MA), the De Cordova Museum and Sculpture Park (Lincoln, MA), the Fitchburg Art Museum (Fitchburg, MA), the Honolulu Museum of Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Rose Art Museum (Brandeis University, Waltham, MA), the Smith College Museum of Art (Northampton, MA), the Currier Museum of Art (Manchester, NH), the Speed Art Museum (Louisville, KY) and the Tucson Museum of Art (Tucson, AZ) are among the public collections holding work by John McNamara.

</doc>
<doc id="19139148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139148" title="Tees Navigation Company">
Tees Navigation Company

The Tees Navigation Company was a British Company chartered by an Act of Parliament in 1808, for the purpose of improving navigation of the River Tees between the towns of Stockton-on-Tees and Middlesbrough.
Background.
At the beginning of the nineteenth century, the River Tees had several large meanders between the two towns, especially a large meander beginning at the current location of the Tees Barrage, which looped south for 2.5 miles (4 km) and returned to a point a mere 220 yards (200 m) from the beginning of the meander, near a location known as the Mandale. From there it meandered north and then back south, joining the current channel at a point about 1350 yds (1.2 km) from the Mandale in a roughly west-northwest direction.
These two meanders, along with the tidal nature of the river and the presence of shifting sandbars, made navigation difficult. The journey from Stockton to Middlesbrough could take as long as the journey from Middlesbrough to London. Stockton's flour industry required good river navigation to compete with other ports. Removing the meanders was seen as a means of preventing the town's decline as a port.
The Mandale Cut.
The Company dug a channel at the Mandale to cut off the southern meander and opened this improvement in 1810. Although it was a comparatively simple engineering work, political problems had dogged the operation since it was first suggested in the 1790s. In particular, property owned by Lord Harewood lay on the southern meander and would lose all access to the river after the cut was made. Lord Harewood was eventually compensated and the work went ahead.
The Portrack Cut.
Cutting off the northern meander required a longer channel to be dug, the final cut being 1,100 yds (1 km) long. Since the northern meander was shorter and the cut longer, the net reduction in distance was less, but the bypassing of islands and sandbars in the Portrack meander still made it worthwhile. The work was completed in 1831, resulting in the present river channel.
The Tees Conservancy.
Despite these two improvements, the River's usefulness continued to deteriorate. The estuary below Cargo Fleet was treacherous, as the river divided into three channels around various bars and shoals. In the 1850s another Act of Parliament replaced the Tees Navigation Company with the Tees Conservancy Board which took charge of the entire navigation of the river. Much of the work carried out by this body exploited the growing iron industry in Middlesbrough. Large amounts of slag from the processing of iron ore were dumped along the channel in order to narrow and straighten it, causing the river to flow faster and thus scour its own bed. In addition, there was much work done dredging channels for ships.

</doc>
<doc id="19139152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139152" title="Princess Marie Melita of Hohenlohe-Langenburg">
Princess Marie Melita of Hohenlohe-Langenburg

Princess Marie Melita of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (18 January 1899, Langenburg, Württemberg – 8 November 1967, Munich, Germany) was the Duchess consort of Schleswig-Holstein as the wife of Wilhelm Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein. Marie Melita was the eldest daughter of Ernst II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg and his wife Princess Alexandra of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
Marriage and issue.
Marie Melita married her second cousin, Wilhelm Friedrich, Hereditary Prince of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, the only son of Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg, on 5 February 1916 at Coburg. Wilhelm Friedrich and Marie Melita had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19139157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139157" title="Nerve growth factor receptor">
Nerve growth factor receptor

Nerve growth factor receptors are a group of growth factor receptors which specifically bind to neurotrophins.
There are two classes of receptors, p75 and the "Trk" family of Tyrosine kinases receptors. 
TrkA, B, and C receptors.
TrkA is a nuclear receptor (meaning it mediates its actions by causing the addition of phosphate molecules on certain tyrosines in the cell, activating cellular signaling). 
There are other related Trk receptors (TrkB and TrkC), and there are other neurotrophic factors structurally related to NGF (BDNF, NT-3, and NT-4)
LNGFR receptor.
The other NGF receptor, the LNGFR, (for Low affinity nerve growth factor receptor, commonly known as "p75", plays a less clear role. 
LNGFR binds and serves as a "sink" for neurotrophins. Cells which express both the LNGFR and the Trk receptors might therefore have a greater activity - since they have a higher "microconcentration" of the neurotrophin. 
However, although NGF has been classically described as promoting neuron survival and differentiation, research performed in the early 2000s suggest that NGF with its prodomain attached (proNGF) can elicit apoptosis of cells that are positive for the LNGFR and negative for TrkA.
Secreted proNGF has been demonstrated in a variety of neuronal and non-neuronal cell populations. It has been proposed that secreted proNGF can elicit neuron death in a variety of neurodegenerative conditions, including Alzheimer's disease, following the observation of an increase of proNGF in the nucleus basalis of postmortem Alzheimer's brains.

</doc>
<doc id="19139160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139160" title="Cornelia Groefsema Kennedy">
Cornelia Groefsema Kennedy

Cornelia Groefsema Kennedy (born August 4, 1923) is a Senior Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Biography.
Kennedy grew up in Detroit, Michigan. She graduated at the top of her class from the University of Michigan Law School. After law school, she clerked for the chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, Judge Harold Stephens, where she was the first woman to clerk on that court. In 1965 Kennedy ran for Wayne County Circuit Court judge and lost by fewer than 100 votes. The next year she ran again and won. In 1970 Kennedy was appointed by Richard Nixon to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. In 1977 Kennedy became the chief judge on that court, becoming the first woman to serve as chief judge of a U.S. district court. President Jimmy Carter elevated Kennedy to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit in 1979.
In 1981 President Ronald Reagan had narrowed his search for Justice Potter Stewart's replacement to Kennedy and Sandra Day O'Connor as the first woman on the U.S. Supreme Court, before eventually choosing O'Connor for the vacant seat. Kennedy was also on the shortlist for the seat vacated by the departure of William O. Douglas, which eventually went to John Paul Stevens.
Connection Distributing v. Keisler.
Kennedy authored the majority opinion in "Connection Distributing Co. v. Keisler", 505 F.3d 545 (6th Cir. 2007), which declared Section 2257 of the Child Protection and Obscenity Enforcement Act unconstitutional. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit en banc vacated the decision and upheld Section 2257 in "Connection Distributing Co. v. Holder" with Kennedy authoring the primary dissent.
Personal life.
On November 8, 1962, she had her first and only son with her husband Charles Kennedy, Jr. The son was named Charles Stuart Kennedy III.

</doc>
<doc id="19139177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139177" title="Pierre Colas">
Pierre Colas

Pierre Robert Colas (January 13, 1976 – August 26, 2008) was a German anthropologist, archaeologist and epigrapher. As a Mayanist scholar who investigated the pre-Columbian Maya civilization of ancient Mesoamerica, Colas was well known for his contributions to the study of the Maya writing system, and his archaeological work on cave sites used by the Maya. His analysis of onomastics—personal naming practices and titles of rank—in Classic-era Maya inscriptions was the first major publication of its kind. Colas also conducted ethnographic studies and surveys among contemporary Maya communities living in Belize. In Europe, he had close involvement with the organisation of academic conferences and workshops on the Maya, as a workshop tutor, presenter of original papers, and editor of several conference proceedings and reports.
Since 2006 Colas held a position as assistant professor in the Anthropology Department of the College of Arts and Science at Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee.
On the evening of August 26, 2008 Dr. Colas was shot dead in his Nashville home. He was 32 years old.
Early life and studies.
Colas was born 1976 in London, England. As the son of a German diplomat, he lived in several countries as a child, including a period spent in Mexico where he acquired his abiding interest and fascination with Maya civilization and culture. Colas and his family later resettled in Hamburg, Germany where he completed his secondary education and "abitur" exams in 1995. He then enrolled at the University of Hamburg, graduating in 1999 with an M.A. in anthropology and Mesoamericanist studies.
Colas pursued doctorate studies in anthropology at Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn (University of Bonn), where his major studies focussed on the Classic-era Maya civilization and its writing system, the Maya script. He also undertook minor course studies in Egyptology and Latin American history at the University of Cologne. His doctoral dissertation was on the topic of Classical Maya personal names, rulership titles and glyphs, under the supervision of Prof. Dr. Nikolai Grube. This was the first major survey and analysis on the subject, and was published in book form by German academic publishers Verlag Anton Saurwein. Colas successfully defended his dissertation and was awarded a PhD in Anthropology the same year, in 2004.
Career and research.
While a doctoral student at Bonn, Colas was awarded two stipendary grants from the Studienstiftung des deutschen Volkes (the national academic foundation of Germany) to support his research. After obtaining his PhD Colas was awarded a research scholarship from the DFG (Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, the largest research funding body in Europe), under its prestigious Emmy-Noether-Programm. In 2005 and 2006 Colas undertook fieldwork among the Yukatek-speaking Maya communities in and around San Antonio in Cayo District, Belize. This project, registered with the DFG as "", involved ethnographic and sociolinguistic research among contemporary Maya communities, and continued on after he relocated to Nashville in 2006 to accept a position as assistant professor in anthropology at Vanderbilt University. While at Vanderbilt the focus of his ethnographic study of the Maya in Belize was an investigation of "the effects of globalization and Christian fundamentalism on the acquisition of the Yucatec Maya language in Belize".
Death.
On the evening of August 26, 2008, professor Colas was fatally shot at his home in East Nashville. His younger sister Marie Christine Colas who was visiting from Switzerland was also critically wounded in the same incident; she died later in hospital from her injuries. Nashville police reported they had arrested and then charged four suspects with homicide in relation to the shooting, three males and one female. A fifth suspect was being sought. Police advised that robbery appeared as the likely motive at that stage in the investigations, and although two of the suspects lived a couple of blocks away they were otherwise unknown to Colas.

</doc>
<doc id="19139187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139187" title="Military administration">
Military administration

Military administration identifies both the techniques and systems used by military departments, agencies, and Armed Services involved in the management of the armed forces. It describes the processes that take place within military organisations outside of combat, particularly in managing military personnel, their training, and services they are provided with as part of their military service. In many ways military administration serves the same role as public administration in the civil society, and is often sited as a source of bureaucracy in the government as a whole. Given the wide area of application, military administration is often qualified by specific areas of application within the military, such as logistics administration, administration of doctrine development or military reform administration.

</doc>
<doc id="19139202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139202" title="Flossmoor (Metra station)">
Flossmoor (Metra station)

Flossmoor is a station on Metra's Metra Electric Line located in Flossmoor, Illinois. The station is located at Flossmoor Road and Sterling Road. Flossmoor is from Millennium Station, the northern terminus of the Metra Electric Line. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Flossmoor is located in zone E. The station is on a solid-fill elevated structure and consists of a 1906-built Illinois Central Railroad building next to one island platform which serves the Metra Electric Line's two tracks. There is no ticket agent at Flossmoor, but tickets may be purchased from a vending machine in the waiting room. The old station house is used as a local restaurant and beer brewery, and contains an ice cream shop for kids that operates out of a former Illinois Central Railroad caboose.

</doc>
<doc id="19139207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139207" title="Toch k'dei dibur">
Toch k'dei dibur

The Hebrew phrase "tokh k'dei dibur" (תוך כדי דיבור, "within sufficient for speech") is a principle in Jewish law that governs the immediacy with which one must speak words for them to be considered a continuation of what has been stated just prior.
The period of "toch k'dei dibur" is equivalent to the time necessary to say the words "Shalom alecha rebbi" (שלום עליך רבי, "Peace unto you, my teacher"), which is somewhat less than three seconds. Mishnah Brurah 206:12, although the "Taz" adds the word "u'mori" (ומורי, "and my master"), which would lengthen the permitted window of opportunity. 
Practical example.
Prior to consuming any food or beverage, a Jew must recite a blessing to express his or her gratitude to God for providing sustenance,(B.Berachot 35a) and there are different blessings for different types of food. 
If for instance, an individual was just about to take a bite from a carrot, for which the blessing ends "borei pri ha'adamah" (בורא פרי האדמה, "...the creator of fruits of ground") but instead, erroneously concluded the blessing that applies to fruit, "borei pri ha'eitz" (בורא פרי העץ, "...the creator of fruits of the tree"), correcting the suffix of the blessing to the appropriate conclusion "toch k'dei dibur" (i.e. within the alloted 3-second window of time), the error would thus be resolved.

</doc>
<doc id="19139212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139212" title="Western League (baseball, 1939–41)">
Western League (baseball, 1939–41)

The Western League of 1939–1941 was a low-level American circuit in Minor League Baseball. The Class D league was born when the Nebraska State League changed its identity after the season. It is not related to the Class A Western League of 1900–1937 and 1947–1958, a higher-level league that suspended operations during the latter years of the Great Depression through World War II.
The 1939–1941 Western League included teams based in Nebraska, South Dakota, Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota and Wyoming. After the United States entered the war, the league did not answer the bell for and was succeeded by its Class A namesake in . The Nebraska State League was revived as a Class D circuit from 1956–1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19139213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139213" title="Imre Polyák">
Imre Polyák

Imre Polyák (April 16, 1932 in Kecskemét – November 15, 2010) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Career.
Polyák received medals in four consecutive Olympics. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "featherweight" class. He received silver medals in 1952, 1956 and 1960.
He won the World Wrestling Championships in 1955, 1958 and 1962. He was named Hungarian Sportsman of the year in 1958 and 1962. In 1958 he became the first sportsman granted this award.

</doc>
<doc id="19139226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139226" title="John Travers">
John Travers

John Travers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19139241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139241" title="The Reason">
The Reason

The Reason may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19139256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139256" title="La Casa Primera de Rancho San Jose">
La Casa Primera de Rancho San Jose

La Casa Primera de Rancho San Jose is a historic adobe structure built in 1837 in Pomona, California. It is the oldest home located in the Pomona Valley and in the old Rancho San Jose land grant. It was declared a historic landmark in 1954 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in April 1975.
History.
The Rancho San Jose was created out of land seized from the Mission San Gabriel Arcángel in 1834 as part of the Mexican government's decree of secularization. In 1837, Mexican Governor Juan Bautista Alvarado granted the land to Ygnacio Palomares and Ricardo Vejar. The Rancho, covering to and much of eastern Los Angeles County, was operated by Palomares and Vejar as a sheep and cattle ranch. 
After receiving the land grant, Palomares built his initial adobe homestead in 1837 on land that is now part of Pomona. The simple five-room adobe, which is known as the Casa Primera, was the first home in the Pomona Valley and was built in the Mexican adobe style with thick walls made of adobe brick. Palomares and his family lived at the Casa Primera for approximately seventeen years. Between 1850 and 1855, Palomares built a much larger adobe home for himself, known as the Ygnacio Palomares Adobe. 
In 1867, Palomares' son, Francisco Palomares, moved into the Casa Primera with his wife, Lujardo Alvarado. Francisco discovered an artesian well on the grounds of the adobe, the first such well discovered in the Pomona Valley. The well provided an ample supply of water, allowing Francisco to plant the area with orange trees, some of which were still thriving in the 1970s. Taking advantage of the area's water resources, Francisco and his partners also formed the Old Settlement Water Company in 1874. Portions of an old stone-lined canal built by the water company can still be seen in the area. Francisco Palomares lived in the Casa Primera until he died in 1882.
After Francisco's death, the Casa Primera was purchased by Dr. Benjamin S. Nichols, who also acquired the nearby La Casa Alvarado. Nichols, who had moved to Pomona from New York, became the President of the Pomona Land and Water Company.
In 1947, Roscoe Hart purchased the property and remained the owner until 1972. In 1972, Hart sold the Casa Primera at a public auction. He told the "Los Angeles Times" that "the work of keeping it up became too much." At that time, the home consisted of four bedrooms, two baths, a dining room, three fireplaces and a pool on . Hoping to preserve the Casa Primera, the Historical Society of Pomona Valley raised funds to purchase the property for a price up to $80,000. When the bidding went above $80,000, the auctioneer halted the bidding for two minutes to allow Historical Society representatives to confer. The Historical Society ultimately placed the winning bid, purchasing the home for $85,000. Another bidder said afterward she had been prepared to go to $100,000 but agreed not to raise the bid on learning she was bidding against the Historical Society.
After acquiring the Casa Primera, the Historical Society restored it with period furniture and opened it to the public as a historic museum. Since 1973, it has been a frequent location for traditional Mexican and Spanish folklorico celebrations, including Spanish shawl displays, music and dancing. In 1987, a celebration was held at the Casa Primera celebrating the 150th anniversary of the signing of the Rancho San Jose land grant. The celebration included Mexican dancers, strolling musicians, a parade of the descendants of early Mexican families, and a staged wedding ceremony with the principals and guests dressed in period costume.
Historic designation.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The building is operated as a museum by the Historical Society of Pomona Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19139263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139263" title="Marvin Gelber">
Marvin Gelber

Marvin Gelber (1 November 1912 - 5 October 1990) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Toronto, Ontario and became a businessman and merchant by career.
He was first elected at the York South riding in the 1963 general election after defeats there in the 1957, 1958 and 1962 elections. After serving his only term, the 26th Canadian Parliament, Gelber was defeated at York South in the 1965 federal election by David Lewis of the New Democratic Party who held the seat prior to Gelber's victory in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19139287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139287" title="Ohio State University College of Engineering">
Ohio State University College of Engineering

The OSU College of Engineering is the College of Engineering at The Ohio State University.
Overview.
Ohio State's College of Engineering and Knowlton School of Architecture strive to foster a learning culture that prepares students to be key contributors to society through their technological, professional and personal skills. Our faculty and our students thrive in an environment of new ideas and concepts that expand the understanding of science, engineering and architecture.
In addition to being an innovative leader in engineering and architecture education, we endeavor to fulfill our university's land-grant mission of advancing Ohio's economic mobility, competitiveness and standard of living through our contributions toward technology and creativity, continuous improvement, a diverse workforce and lifelong learning. The College also is firmly committed to and a catalyst for the University's Discovery Themes: Energy and Environment; Food Production and Security; and Health and Wellness.
Academics.
Engineering and architecture students can choose from academic programs in these departments:
Ohio State is committed to helping students complete their degrees. In 2013, Ohio State’s six-year graduation rate was 83.2%, up from 75% in 2009 and well above the national graduation rate of 57%.
Engineering and architecture 
ACT composite mid-50% for incoming engineering students (2013): 27-31
Research.
The College of Engineering is creating new discoveries across a broad range of applications and scientific disciplines. In fiscal year 2012, this research was supported by more than $117M in externally-sponsored research expenditures.
Ohio State is #2 nationally among public universities in industry sponsored research. Industry R&D expenditures for the College of Engineering in fiscal year 2012 totaled $36.7 million.
More than 40 research centers and laboratories provide students with access to state-of-the-art facilities for research and teaching. The College of Engineering administers several research and interdisciplinary units, including:
 - Aerospace Research Center 
 - Center for Automotive Research
 - Center for Aviation Studies
 - Center for Electron Microscopy and Analysis
 - Center for Occupational Health in Automotive Manufacturing
 - ElectroScience Laboratory
 - Nuclear Reactor Laboratory
 - Ohio Manufacturing Institute
 - Spine Research Institute
 - Transportation Research Center
 - Center for Emergent Materials (NSF MRSEC)
 - Simulation Innovation and Modeling (SIM) Center
 - Water Resources Center (USGS)
Current Rankings.
Ohio State’s graduate and undergraduate engineering programs are both ranked 1st among all Ohio universities and 17th and 14th, respectively, among public universities according to U.S. News & World Report. The university as a whole ranks 14th in the country for research and development expenditures according to the National Science Foundation. Ohio State also ranks 9th in the nation among public universities in private support, which was more than $364 million for fiscal year 2012, when College of Engineering and Knowlton School of Architecture private support exceeded $32 million.
engineering.osu.edu

</doc>
<doc id="19139310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139310" title="Attila Repka">
Attila Repka

Attila Repka (born January 10, 1968 in Miskolc) is a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Repka competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "lightweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19139313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139313" title="Les Whitt">
Les Whitt

Robert Leslie Whitt (August 22, 1951 – August 16, 2008), known as Les Whitt, was the award-winning director of Alexandria Zoological Park in Alexandria, the seat of Rapides Parish and the largest city in Central Louisiana, having served from 1974 until his death from heart complications only six days prior to what would have been his 57th birthday. Whitt was also a musician who mastered a Hammond B-3 organ and played with B.B. King and B.B. Major, whom he had accompanied at the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival.
Whitt was born to the late Mr. and Mrs. James V. Whitt, Sr., in Natchez, Mississippi. In 1994, he received a heart transplant at Ochsner Foundation Hospital founded in New Orleans by the physician Alton Oschner. His donor was Lane Bourgeois of Prairieville in Ascension Parish. Whitt was an advocate of organ donation and frequently spoke on behalf of the Louisiana Organ Procurement Agency.
Whitt was appointed zookeeper by Malcolm P. Hebert (1926–2006), Alexandria's last elected streets and parks commissioner prior to the establishment in 1977 of the Mayor-council government, in which Hebert initially served as the director of public works under Mayor Carroll E. Lanier. The zoo is located adjacent to Bringhurst Park off Masonic Drive and near the Alexandria Mall. It grew exponentially after Whitt's appointment as director and became a large facility for a medium-sized city. In 1993, Whitt received the prestigious Dunbar Award from Louisiana Civil Service, named in honor of Charles E. Dunbar, Jr.
At the age of sixteen, Whitt joined the American Zoo and Aquarium Association. Over the years, he served the organization in various capacities, such as that as the leader of the Accreditation Inspection Team. He was recognized for his innovative zoo exhibits and designs. He represented the Alexandria zoo in worldwide conservation efforts to preserve endangered species. David Lind, past president of the civic group Friends of the Alexandria Zoo, said that Whitt was more than a zookeeper: "He really was the Renaissance man." He was a mentor to young zoo professionals, teen volunteers, the Boy Scouts, as well as other musicians.
Whitt's legacy of accomplishment.
Jack Hanna, a world-renowned animal expert, often lauded Whitt and the Alexandria zoo over national television. Hanna recalled Whitt as humble and willing to offer his advice where he could help. Hanna recalled having been employed at a small zoo in central Florida when he needed advice on how to treat a sick animal. When Whitt learned of Hanna’s problem, he brought down a team to treat the animal. Hanna told "Alexandria Daily Town Talk" that "If all the people who ran zoos in this country were Leslies, we'd have no problems in any of our zoos."
Hanna said that Whitt could have accepted employment at larger, more prestigious zoos than Alexandria Zoological Park: "He could have run any zoo in the country ... but he loved that town. He loved the people there.. . . . People like that just don’t exist any more. You don’t replace a Leslie Whitt."
Alexandria Mayor Jacques Roy, who was four years old when Whitt accepted the zookeeper’s position, issued a statement of condolences for those mourning the "loss of a true son of Alexandria. Les was given a second chance at life transplant, an opportunity he made the most of, crafting a sustainable legacy that will live as long as Alexandria does.”
Whitt died at Oschner's. Hundreds attended his funeral service held on August 20, 2008, at the Alexandria Riverfront Center. News of his death was carried in newspapers and on television stations not only throughout Louisiana but in other states. Burial followed at Greenlawn Cemetery in Natchez. Survivors included his wife of thirty-four years, Lee Ann Whitt, the educational curator of the zoo who is originally from Meadville in Franklin County in southwestern Mississippi; two daughters, Sarah Mathews, later Sarah Salley, and Hanna Lee Whitt, all of Alexandria, and two brothers, James M. Whitt of Natchez and John V. Whitt, Jr., of Dauphin Island, Alabama.
Mark Rose, a former Alexandria public works director who serves as vice president of design at Busch Gardens in Tampa, eulogized Whitt at the funeral. Rose said that Whitt as a very young man had the goal of transforming the Alexandria zoo into a top-notch facility. "He decided that he would devote his life to Alexandria and that zoo and turn it around and make it something special – and he did," Rose recalled.
In 2009, after an interim period, Mrs. Whitt succeeded her husband as zoo director.
In 2013, the Friends of the Alexandria Zoo unveiled a life-size $50,000 bronze statue of Whitt, which was created without charge by Bill Williamson of Tyler, Texas, based on photos of Whitt with a white tiger on loan to the zoo in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19139339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139339" title="Higgins Aircraft">
Higgins Aircraft

Higgins Aircraft was a subsidiary of Higgins Industries set up to build aircraft during World War II.
Higgins Aircraft was contracted to build the all-plywood-construction Curtiss-Wright C-76 Caravan, and later, the C-46 Commando, but both contracts were cancelled at an early stage, and the company managed to complete only two C-46A aircraft before production shut down. Before the government repossessed the factory complex, Higgins managed to finish a helicopter of early design in 1946. The Higgins factory complex was subsequently subdivided and sold at auction.

</doc>
<doc id="19139350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139350" title="Peter, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein">
Peter, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein

Peter, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein (30 April 1922, Schloss Louisenlund, Schleswig, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany – 30 September 1980, Bienebek, Schleswig-Holstein, West Germany) was the Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and Head of both the House of Glücksburg and the entire House of Oldenburg from 10 February 1965 until his death on 30 September 1980. Peter was the third and youngest son of Wilhelm Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Marie Melita of Hohenlohe-Langenburg. He was a great-great-grandson of Queen Victoria through her second son, Prince Alfred.
Marriage and issue.
Peter married Princess Marie Alix of Schaumburg-Lippe, daughter of Prince Stephan Alexander Viktor of Schaumburg-Lippe and his wife Duchess Ingeborg Alix of Oldenburg, on 9 October 1947 in Glücksburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Peter and Maria Alice had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19139363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139363" title="Pesticides in the United States">
Pesticides in the United States

Pesticide in the United States are predominantly used by the agricultural sector, while about a quarter of them are used in houses, yards, parks, golf courses, and swimming pools.
Usage.
Atrazine.
About of atrazine were applied in the United States in 2003. The U.S. EPA said in the 2003 Interim Reregistration Eligibility Decision, "The total or national economic impact resulting from the loss of atrazine to control grass and broadleaf weeds in corn, sorghum and sugar cane would be in excess of $2 billion per year if atrazine were unavailable to growers." In the same report, it added the "yield loss plus increased herbicide cost may result in an average estimated loss of $28 per acre" if atrazine were unavailable to corn farmers.
In 2006 the EPA concluded that the triazine herbicides posed "no harm that would result to the general U.S. population, infants, children or other... consumers." 
EPA concluded in 2007 that atrazine does not adversely affect amphibian gonadal development based on a review of laboratory and field studies, including studies submitted by the registrant and studies published in the scientific literature. At this time, EPA believes that no additional testing is warranted to address this issue."
A 2010 study conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey observed substantial adverse reproductive effects on fish from atrazine exposure at concentrations below the USEPA water-quality guideline.
DDT.
The use of DDT in the United States is banned, except for a limited exemption for public health uses. The ban is due in a large part to Rachael Carson's book "Silent Spring". The ban on DDT is cited by scientists as a major factor in the comeback of the bald eagle in the continental United States.
Regulation.
The Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) was first passed in 1947, giving the United States Department of Agriculture responsibility for regulating pesticides. In 1972, FIFRA underwent a major revision and transferred responsibility of pesticide regulation to the Environmental Protection Agency and shifted emphasis to protection of the environment and public health.
Issues.
Pesticides were found to pollute every stream and over 90% of wells sampled in a study by the US Geological Survey. Pesticide residues have also been found in rain and groundwater. 
The National Academy of Sciences estimates that between 4,000 and 20,000 cases of cancer are caused per year by pesticide residues in food in allowable amounts.
The United States Department of Agriculture and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service estimate that between 6 and 14 million fish are killed by pesticides each year in the US.
Effects on biota.
Birds.
The USDA and USFWS estimate that over 67 million birds are killed by pesticides each year in the US.
Amphibians.
US scientists have found that some pesticides used in farming disrupt the nervous systems of frogs, and that use of these pesticides is correlated with a decline in the population of frogs in the Sierra Nevada.
Some scientists believe that certain common pesticides already exist at levels capable of killing amphibians in California. They warn that the breakdown products of these pesticides can be 10 to 100 times more toxic to amphibians than the original pesticides. Direct contact of sprays of some pesticides (either by drift from nearby applications or accidental or deliberate sprays) can be highly lethal to amphibians.
Being downwind from agricultural land on which pesticides are used has been linked to the decline in population of threatened frog species in California.
In Minnesota, pesticide use has been causally linked to congenital deformities in frogs such as eye, mouth, and limb malformations. Researchers in California found that similar deformities in frogs in the US and Canada may have been caused by breakdown products from pesticides which themselves did not pose a threat.
Pesticide residue in food.
The Pesticide Data Program, a program started by the United States Department of Agriculture is the largest tester of pesticide residues on food sold in the United States. It began in 1991, and has since tested over 60 different types of food for over 400 different types of pesticides - with samples collected close to the point of consumption. Their most recent summary results are from the year 2005:
For example, on page 30 is comprehensive data on pesticides on fruits. Some example data:
They were also able to test for multiple pesticides within a single sample and found that:
The Environmental Working Group (EWG) used the results of nearly 43,000 tests for pesticides on produce collected by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) between 2000 and 2004, to produce a ranking of 43 commonly eaten fruits & vegetables.
2012.
The EWG list from 2012 is a "Dirty Dozen" and a "Clean 15" based on pesticide tests from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the FDA. Buying organic foods is one solution which arose in the U.S. during the 1970s. Because they are designed to withstand rain, pesticides often don't wash off with plain water or only wash off partially, and fruits and vegetables are sometimes waxed over pesticides. Fruit and vegetables should be washed with a dilute solution of vinegar or dishwashing soap which will remove most of the residues. Other pesticides go into the plant itself and can't be washed away (as in, for example, strawberries).
Dirty Dozen.
Plus: Green beans and Kale/greens

</doc>
<doc id="19139372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139372" title="Malikwal Tehsil">
Malikwal Tehsil

Malikwal Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Malikwal is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 17 Union Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="19139381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139381" title="John Mullally">
John Mullally

John Cooney Mullally (born 28 November 1930 at Souris, Prince Edward Island) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a teacher by career.
He was first elected at the King's riding in the 1963 general election. After serving only one term in office, the 26th Canadian Parliament, Mulally was defeated at King's riding in the 1965 election by Melvin McQuaid of the Progressive Conservative party. 
Mulally faced McQuaid again in the 1968 federal election, that time at Cardigan because of riding boundary changes in the late 1960s. Mulally once again lost to McQuaid.

</doc>
<doc id="19139393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139393" title="Military threat">
Military threat

A military threat, sometimes expressed as danger of military action, a military challenge, or a military risk, is a concept in military intelligence that identifies an imminent capability for use of military force in resolving diplomatic or economic disputes. It is the ultimate escalation in international relations conflicts, and follows explicit diplomatic threat to use force as a means of coercion. 
In general a military threat is identified when military personnel are detected conducting operations that can be interpreted as a phase that precedes combat, i.e. occupying positions, preparing weapons for use, and concentrating forces in an offensive manner.

</doc>
<doc id="19139397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139397" title="Farewell to Space Battleship Yamato">
Farewell to Space Battleship Yamato

, also called "Arrivederci Yamato", is the second film based on the classic anime series "Space Battleship Yamato" (known as "Star Blazers" in the United States). The same storyline was reused and expanded on later in the year on TV in "Space Battleship Yamato II", albeit with a more upbeat ending.
Plot.
The "Yamato" and her crew face the onslaught of the Comet Empire, a civilization from the Andromeda Galaxy that seeks to conquer Earth, led by Zwordar the Great (Prince Zordar in the English dub). The Earth ship is aided by an antimatter woman, Teresa of Telezart (known as Trelaina in the English dub), while the Comet Empire has revived Earth's greatest enemy, the Gamilas' leader Desslar, who is eager for revenge. After an immense battle destroys the forces of both Earth and the Comet Empire, the Yamato destroys the White Comet's cover, revealing the Empire City that hid inside it. After a long battle, Susumu Kodai orders everyone else off the "Yamato" before ramming her into the Emperor's ship head-on, sacrificing his life and the ship to defeat Zwordar and save humanity.
Production.
In 1977 the first film of the series, "Space Battleship Yamato", outperformed "Star Wars" at the Japanese box office. This led to the production of "Farewell to Space Battleship Yamato", which was released in 1978. It was originally intended to conclude the story, but a third film, "Be Forever Yamato", was released two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19139402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139402" title="Lajos Keresztes">
Lajos Keresztes

Lajos Keresztes (30 April 1900 in Alsósófalva (now Ocna de Jos, Romania) – 9 August 1978 in Budapest) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Repka competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris where he won a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the lightweight class. He won a gold medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="19139403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139403" title="Chute">
Chute

Chute may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19139411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139411" title="Boise Centre">
Boise Centre

The Boise Centre is an convention center located on the Grove Plaza in downtown Boise, Idaho. The facility was completed in 1990 and includes a 350-seat auditorium, 20 meeting rooms, and a ballroom.
The Boise Centre is home to over 300 events a year and receives over 200,000 guests annually. It hosts a variety of events including conferences, trade shows, major Chamber of Commerce events and many galas. Annual charity events include Saint Alphonsus Festival of Trees, St. Luke’s Kid for a Night, the Komen Boise Race for the Cure Survivor Celebration Dinner, and many others.
Operations of the Boise Centre are overseen by the Greater Boise Auditorium District, a five member board, publicly elected, that have 6 year terms.

</doc>
<doc id="19139416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139416" title="Psychotria mariniana">
Psychotria mariniana

Psychotria mariniana, or "Kōpiko", is a tree endemic to Hawaii. The plant belongs to the Rubiaceae (coffee) family, subfamily Rubioidae. It is a tree of varying size with a dark bark, shiny leaves, and orange oval fruit.
A distinctive line of glands along the bottom of the central vein of each leaf connects this plant to the Hawaiian word for it, since "piko" means navel (in Hawaiian). The word "kōpiko" applies to all the Hawaiian plants in the genus "Psychotria".

</doc>
<doc id="19139475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139475" title="American College of Rheumatology Research and Education Foundation">
American College of Rheumatology Research and Education Foundation

The American College of Rheumatology Research and Education Foundation is the 501(c)(3) foundation of the American College of Rheumatology. The mission of the ACR Research and Education Foundation is to advance research and training to improve the health of people with rheumatic diseases.
Established in 1985, the ACR REF (or REF) regularly funds $4–$5 million in research and education grants to individuals and institutions across the United States. These grants focus on medical students and residents that can gain exposure to the field of rheumatology as well as fellows who are currently training in ACGME-accredited rheumatology training programs.
In addition, the REF has also embarked on a $30 million fundraising campaign to accelerate research into Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA). Thus far more than 54 investigators have been funded through this program for a total of $24.4 million.
On November 1, 2010 Charity Navigator,an independent organization that evaluates American charities, awarded the ACR REF a 4-star rating for the second year in a row. Ninety-three percent of REF expenses are designated for program services.
On May 10, 2011 The REF announced its Within Our Reach: Finding a Cure for Rheumatoid Arthritis campaign has surpassed its initial $30 million fundraising goal and has already funded $24.4 million in RA research grants. The campaign raised a total of $30,719,054 from 245 donors (making an average campaign gift of $125,384) with patients accounting for over $3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19139480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139480" title="Bahawalnagar Tehsil">
Bahawalnagar Tehsil

Bahawalnagar Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. There are two towns in Bahawalnagar Tehsil: Bahawalnagar and Dunga Bunga. The city of Bahawalnagar is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 31 Union Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="19139500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139500" title="Chishtian Tehsil">
Chishtian Tehsil

Chistian Tehsil () is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Chishtian is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 29 Union Councils.
History.
Chishtian Tehsil t was agricultural region with forests during the Indus Valley Civilization. The Vedic period is characterized by Indo-Aryan culture that invaded from Central Asia and settled in Punjab region. The Kambojas, Daradas, Kaikayas, Madras, Pauravas, Yaudheyas, Malavas and Kurus invaded, settled and ruled ancient Punjab region. After overrunning the Achaemenid Empire in 331 BCE, Alexander marched into present-day Punjab region with an army of 50,000. The Chishtian Tehsil was ruled by Maurya Empire, Indo-Greek kingdom, Kushan Empire, Gupta Empire, White Huns, Kushano-Hephthalites and Shahi kingdoms.
In 997 CE, Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi, took over the Ghaznavid dynasty empire established by his father, Sultan Sebuktegin, In 1005 he conquered the Shahis in Kabul in 1005, and followed it by the conquests of Punjab region. The Delhi Sultanate and later Mughal Empire ruled the region. The Punjab region became predominantly Muslim due to missionary Sufi saints whose dargahs dot the landscape of Punjab region.
Chishtian city was founded by Sufi saint Shaikh Khawaja Tajuddin Chishti around 1265 CE (574 Hijri, Islamic calendar). The town is called Chishtian because of the of Sufi Chishti Order. He was grandson of Sufi saint Fariduddin Ganjshakar of Pakpattan.
The predominantly Muslim population supported Muslim League and Pakistan Movement. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947 many Muslim refugees from India settled in Chishtian Tehsil.
Shaikh Khawaja Tajuddin Chishti made this place his abode about seven centuries ago and spread Islam to the local population of area. Later on, he embraced martyrdom and was buried there. He was one of the earliest Muslim saints in the South Asia. Later, about 250 years ago, the great saint of Chishtia silsla (one of the spiritual chains of Sufism). Khawaja Noor Muhammad Maharvi was born in the neighbouring village, Mahar Sharif and was a famous Sufi.
The town of Chistian can also be referred to as Chistian Mandi ("Mandi" means "market" in Punjabi) which is one of the oldest markets in the South Asia as it was the only market after Bikaner`s market in India. It is divided between Old Chistian and New Chistian by a railway track. The town is administered by the municipality of Chistian who is responsible for the cleanliness and economy as well as of the taxation in the town. It also has a huge park/garden for the residents of the town. It also serves as a major transport route throughout Pakistan.
Features.
Two police stations known as the city police station and the sadar police station serve as the law enforcement authorities and are responsible for the law enforcement in the tehsil. It also has a session court which handles most of the local tehsil cases.
The town has a government hospital that provides services for majors and minor surgeries as well as dental care. Along with that there are quite a reasonable amount of private clinics that provide such services apart for major surgeries.
The town also serves as a major destination for tourists from all over Pakistan to pay their tributes at the tomb of Khawaja Noor Muhammad located within old Chistian.
The town also has a government colleges and schools separate for both boys and girls following the FSC, graduation board of education. Private schools, colleges and nurseries are also available. Education has been on the rise where majority of the students seek admissions to universities in either Lahore, Karachi and Bahawalpur to pursue their higher education. Trend of education is quite high in comparison to other towns of Bahawalpur.
It serves as a main market for the local farmer of the district to sell their products in the grain market area which is the largest in the tehsils of Bahawalnagar.
Almost all the local banks of Pakistan as well as the building society is found in the town. A little further down on the road from Chistian to Daranwala the PTV broadcasting unit can also be found which was inaugurated during the reign of the late prime minister Benazir Bhutto`s Pakistan Peoples Party.
The area of Chistian also has many villages that are full with agricultural lands and provide essentials such as grain and other crops for the entire Pakistan. And a vast area of the region is also covered with the desert as it is in Chistian tehsil where the Thar desert of India finishes. The border of Rajashthan (India) is roughly about 35 miles from the tehsil at Fort Abbas region and at CHak Raju.

</doc>
<doc id="19139502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139502" title="Vincent Drouin">
Vincent Drouin

Vincent Drouin (29 March 1932 – 1 September 1979) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Argenteuil—Deux-Montagnes riding in the 1962 general election and re-elected there in 1963. Drouin was defeated after his second term, the 26th Canadian Parliament, in the 1965 election by Roger Régimbal of the Progressive Conservative party.

</doc>
<doc id="19139508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139508" title="Young Savage">
Young Savage

"Young Savage" is the second single of the experimental New Wave band Ultravox!. It was released as a single by Island Records on 28 May 1977, during a time of experimentation to define a new sound for the band, in advance of their second album.
The song was made in a punk style, although the band denied it was a 'punk' song, pointing out that Billy Currie's keyboard playing is in a psychedelic style. It's their first release from the Ha!-Ha!-Ha! sessions, and is notably different from the material on their first album "Ultravox!", which had more glam songs. A definitive song in the band's development, and a popular single at the time, the 2006 reissue edition of the latter album (IMCD 325) contains it as bonus track.
'Young Savage' was also improbably named as record of the week on Mark & Lard's Radio 1 show in 2002.
The B-Side of 'Young Savage' is a live version of "Slip Away", recorded during a gig at The Rainbow in London in 1977.
'Young Savage' is one of four live tracks featured on the Retro EP (IEP 8), released on 10 February 1978. This performance was recorded at the Marquee in London.
The live version as featured on the 'Retro EP' is also one of the bonus tracks on the 2006 edition of Ha!-Ha!-Ha!.
'Young Savage' was a regular feature of Ultravox live shows and was included in the set performed on their last tour with John Foxx in the USA during February and March 1979.
The song was not performed live again until a new version was played by John Foxx as part of his live set with Louis Gordon in Japan during September 2008 and for the first time in the UK for thirty years at Cargo in London on 16 October 2008.
The song was featured in the film Awaydays and also accompanies its trailer.
Young Savage (French single).
It was a French version of the single released by Ultravox!. It was backed by "Dangerous Rhythm".

</doc>
<doc id="19139520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139520" title="1968 Chatham Cup">
1968 Chatham Cup

The 1968 Chatham Cup was the 41st annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run on a regional basis. In all, 93 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1968 final.
The final was a one-sided affair, with Suburbs proving too strong for the southerners. John Wrathall scored both goals in the final, putting the ball past Tech keeper (and future national team coach) Ian Marshall. 

</doc>
<doc id="19139545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139545" title="Truman High School (Independence, Missouri)">
Truman High School (Independence, Missouri)

Truman High School is a public high school located in Independence, Missouri, serving students in grades 9-12. It is named after hometown resident U.S. President Harry S. Truman and his family. The mascot of Truman High is a Patriot, and the school colors are red, white, and blue. Truman students are competitive with students from Fort Osage High School, but mostly towards William Chrisman High, their cross-town rivals.
Athletics.
Truman is a member of the Missouri State High School Activities Association. As of the 2009-2010 school year, in athletic activities Truman is a Class 5 school in basketball (girls and boys) and football. Truman is a Class 4 school in baseball, cross-country (girls and boys), boy's golf, softball, track and field (girls and boys), volleyball, and wrestling. The school is a Class 3 school in soccer (girls and boys)and is a Class 111 school in tennis (girls and boys) and girl's golf.
Forensics and Music.
Truman's debate and competitive drama department has been ranked among the top high schools in the National Forensics League. Truman is Class 1 for speech and debate, Class 5 for music activities, and Class 4 for Academic Team (aka Scholar's Bowl which is what the school formally calls the activity). In 2009 the Academic Team had an impressive showing at the MSHSAA State Championship placing 5th, just missing the semi-finals. Truman High School's Patriot Marching Band is active from July through the end of October, performing at home football games as well as multiple marching competitions. Starting in November, the band is then split into Symphonic, Concert, and Freshmen bands. Placement for the bands are based on a students audition. Freshmen band is exclusive for Freshmen, while the Symphonic and Concert bands are available to Sophomores, Juniors, and Seniors. Truman also has a Symphonic and Concert orchestra. Freshmen begin in Concert orchestra and have the opportunity to audition to be in the Symphonic orchestra the next year. To audition for Symphonic is optional and students not in Symphonic can stay in Concert.
Other Extracurriculars.
There are many other activities that Truman offers its students including Camerata, Trutones, creative writing clubs, drawn to art, and an active theater program. Truman High School also supports a chess team. Other opportunities includes the Pep band which are outside of school unlike the marching, freshmen, concert, and symphonic bands. The school also has an award-winning academic team (Scholar's Bowl). There is a Varsity and Junior Varsity team.

</doc>
<doc id="19139551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139551" title="Tracy Byrd (disambiguation)">
Tracy Byrd (disambiguation)

Tracy Byrd is a male country music singer.
Tracy Byrd may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19139556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139556" title="Northern California Cancer Center">
Northern California Cancer Center

On February 17, 2010, the Northern California Cancer Center (NCCC) officially changed its name to the Cancer Prevention Institute of California (CPIC). The new name was chosen to more accurately convey the organization’s focus on cancer prevention and its statewide coverage. 

</doc>
<doc id="19139560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139560" title="Charles FitzGerald, 4th Duke of Leinster">
Charles FitzGerald, 4th Duke of Leinster

Charles William FitzGerald, 4th Duke of Leinster, (30 March 1819 – 10 February 1887), styled Marquess of Kildare until 1874, was an Irish peer and politician.
Background.
Leinster was born in Dublin, Ireland. He was the son of Augustus FitzGerald, 3rd Duke of Leinster and Lady Charlotte Augusta Stanhope.
Political career.
Leinster was High Sheriff of Kildare for 1843 and Member of Parliament for Kildare from 1847 to 1852.
Death.
He died in Carton.
Family.
Leinster married Lady Caroline Sutherland-Leveson-Gower (15 April 1827 - Kilkea Castle, 13 May 1887), daughter of George Granville Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 2nd Duke of Sutherland and Lady Harriet Elizabeth Georgiana Howard, on 12 or 13 October 1847 at Trentham, Staffordshire, England. They had 15 children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19139575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139575" title="Gérard Perron">
Gérard Perron

Gérard Perron (14 November 1920 – 2 April 1981) was a Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a hotel operator by career.
He was first elected at the Beauce riding in the 1962 general election and re-elected there in 1963. From 1963 until the end of his final term, the 26th Canadian Parliament, his party was known as the Ralliement créditiste.
Perron was defeated in the 1965 federal election at Beauce riding by Jean-Paul Racine of the Liberal party. In the 1972 election, Perron campaigned for a seat at the Labelle riding but was defeated by Maurice Dupras of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19139587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139587" title="Kula Ridge">
Kula Ridge

Kula Ridge can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19139595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139595" title="Antiozonant">
Antiozonant

An antiozonant, also known as anti-ozonant, is an organic compound that prevents or retards the degradation of material caused by ozone (ozone cracking). Antiozonants are used as additives to plastics and rubber, especially in tire manufacturing.
Common antiozonants include:

</doc>
<doc id="19139607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139607" title="List of operas by Vivaldi">
List of operas by Vivaldi

This is a complete list of operas by Antonio Vivaldi (1678–1741). He claimed to have composed 94 operas, but fewer than 50 titles have been identified, of which the scores of only 20 or so survive, wholly or in part. Moreover, the practice of reviving works under a different title and of creating "pasticci" has confused musicologists.
All of Vivaldi's operatic works are described as "dramma per musica", roughly equivalent to opera seria.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19139611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139611" title="Larisa Tarkovskaya">
Larisa Tarkovskaya

Larisa Tarkovskaya () (April 15, 1938 – February 19, 1998), born Larisa Pavlovna Egorkina, and Larisa Kizilova during her first marriage, was a Russian actress and second wife of the film director Andrei Tarkovsky. She is best known for her role as Nadezhda in "The Mirror". She had one daughter, the actress Olga Kizilova from her first marriage, and a son, Andrei Jr., from her marriage with Andrei Tarkovsky. She died in Paris in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19139646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139646" title="Gabriele Moreno Locatelli">
Gabriele Moreno Locatelli

Gabriele Moreno Locatelli (1959 – October 3, 1993) was an Italian pacifist. He was killed by a hidden marksman during the Bosnian War.
Biography.
He was described as a sensitive and generous young man. He was a Catholic. He engaged very fast in diverse actions to help the most discriminated by Italy. He was a student in theology and literature. A selection of his poetry and papers are included in the "La mia strada" book.
Death.
Locatelli had joined the "Beati i Costruttori di Pace" "(Blessed are the Peacemakers)", a Catholic aid organization. The organization was there to deliver mail, assist the United Nations military in delivering food and clothing, and bring water and assistance to elderly and sick civilians in Sarajevo during the siege of Sarajevo. Locatelli was shot and killed by a sniper while crossing the Vrbanja bridge with four other peace activists and a peace flag in his hands.
International response.
The international community was outraged by the killing. The day after his death, the Sarajevo daily Oslobodenje was prudently titled "Incident at Vrbanja," while the Italian newspapers headlines included "Pacifist Italian killed by Serb snipers." In Sarajevo, he is honored as a hero, an Italian martyr among many Bosnians. There were controversies about the way the Italian press covered the incident.
Locatelli's story inspired director Giancarlo Bocchi for the documentary "Death of a Pacifist" (1995).
The song "Bread and Peace" is also based on Locatelli's death.

</doc>
<doc id="19139652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139652" title="Eastern suburbs (Melbourne)">
Eastern suburbs (Melbourne)

The eastern suburbs is the metropolitan area directly to the east, south-east, and north-east of the Melbourne central business district in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The eastern suburbs are the most populated area of Melbourne with over 2,000,000 residents. It ranges from inner-eastern suburbs, like South Yarra, and Richmond to the Eastern Dandenong Ranges and Yarra Valley in Emerald, Gembrook, Cockatoo, Coldstream, Berwick, and even into West Gippsland, in Pakenhem.
Municipalities.
There are a number of municipalities (councils, cities or shires) in Eastern Melbourne. These are:
Major suburbs, satellite cities and commercial areas.
The Eastern suburbs of Melbourne contain a vast majority of Melbourne's business, especially in the Cities of Monash, Greater Dandenong, Maroondah, Knox and Yarra Ranges. Major suburbs are:
Satellite cities:
Major suburbs:
Road setup.
The Eastern suburbs of Melbourne are the heart of Melbourne's famous grid system, with the Hoddle grid in the Melbourne CBD, and many of the main roads in the eastern suburbs conforming to a one-mile grid. The most major roads are:

</doc>
<doc id="19139661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139661" title="FGF11">
FGF11

Fibroblast growth factor 11 also known as FGF11 is a human gene.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the intracellular fibroblast growth factor family.

</doc>
<doc id="19139663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139663" title="Cave of Echoes">
Cave of Echoes

"Cave of Echoes" is the 24th and last episode of the second season of the television series "".
Overview.
Hercules and Iolaus, accompanied by a timid young writer, head into the perilous Cave of Echoes to rescue a man's daughter, whilst they recall some of their past adventures.
Plot synopsis.
Hercules has been summoned to help a man find his daughter, who he says was taken into a cave by a monster, but gives little other detail in the summons. Accompanied by Iolaus, along the way they encounter a group of merchants about to hang a writer for giving them bad press. Saved by the duo, Parenthesis wishes to accompany them on their next adventure to write about it, being a fan of their past exploits. Reluctantly Hercules and Iolaus let him come along. 
Arriving at they cave they meet Elopius, who says his daughter must be in the cave with a vicious monster, whose roars can be heard from the outside. Hercules recognizes the place as the Cave of Echoes. Leaving Parenthesis with Elopius, they go in looking for Melina, the lost daughter. 
In the cave, its name becomes apparent when a shout echoes back as a thunderous roar. Iolaus leaves a trail of string behind so they can find their way out, but soon Parenthesis appears with ball of string in hand, wishing to witness the rescue. Not wishing to lose time by taking back out, again he accompanies the heroes. As they travel, Hercules and Iolaus relate past adventures to Parenthesis, who is eager to hear all about them. Often the story relates to the conversation the trio are having. Also, Parenthesis is shown to be a bit of a coward, and afraid of the dark after he also causes a thunderous echo that blows out their torch. Once the torch is lit, however, he shows initiative to get to the rescue.
Finally, they come upon Melina, who is trapped in a crevace and held there by an unknown force. Deciding to help Parenthesis gain confidence, and make him out as the hero, Hercules lowers him down to save Melina. Cutting the branch that was holding her, they help her up, and she gives her gratitude to Parenthesis for helping her. Instead of leaving though, Melina heads towards the still roaring monster. Following her, the heroes find the fearsome roar was actually the meow of her pet kitten, Zeus.
Reuniting Melina with her father, Elopius, and properly introducing Parenthesis, Hercules and Iolaus have little time to rest as a woman runs up and calls for help to save her village from a warlord. The heroes head of to the rescue once again.

</doc>
<doc id="19139672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139672" title="Space Battleship Yamato (1977 film)">
Space Battleship Yamato (1977 film)

Plot.
In the distant future, the war between the human race and the aliens known as the Gamilons has destroyed the Earth. Radioactive asteroids have devastated the planet making its atmosphere uninhabitable. In an effort to assist the Earth, Queen Starsha of the planet Iscandar offers the Earth Forces a device that can completely neutralize the radiation. 
In order to get this device, the space battleship Yamato is launched from the remains of its World War II ancestor on a 148,000 light-year journey. The crew of the Space Battleship Yamato has only one Earth year to travel to Iscandar and back, or the human race will become extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="19139694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139694" title="Zebrasoma rostratum">
Zebrasoma rostratum

The longnose surgeonfish or black tang ("Zebrasoma rostratum") is a marine reef tang in the fish family "Acanthuridae". They may live at water depths of 10 - 61 m (33 - 200 ft) or more. The fish grow to a maximum length of 21 cm (8.3 in). Zebrasoma rostratum is found in the South Pacific off the coasts of the Society Islands, Marquesas Islands, Line Islands, Tuamoto Islands to the Pitcairn Islands.
External links.
Black Tang (Zebrasoma rostratum)

</doc>
<doc id="19139703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139703" title="Flume Gorge">
Flume Gorge

The Flume Gorge is a natural gorge extending horizontally at the base of Mount Liberty in Franconia Notch State Park, New Hampshire, United States. Cut by the Flume Brook, the gorge features walls of Conway granite that rise to a height of and are apart. Discovered in 1808 by 93-year-old "Aunt" Jess Guernsey, the Flume is now a paid attraction that allows visitors to walk through the gorge.
Geological history.
Nearly 200 million years ago in Jurassic times, the Conway granite that forms the walls of the Flume was deeply buried molten rock. As it cooled, the granite was broken by closely spaced vertical fractures which lay nearly parallel in a northeasterly direction. Sometime after the fractures were formed, small dikes of basalt were forced up along the fractures. The basalt came from deep within the earth as a fluid material, and because of pressure, was able to force the Conway granite aside. The basalt crystallized quickly against the relatively cold granite. Because of this quick cooling, the basalt is a fine- grained rock. Had this material ever reached the surface, it would have become lava flows.
Erosion gradually lowered the earth's surface and exposed the dikes. As the overlying rock was worn away, pressure was relieved and horizontal cracks developed, allowing water to get into the rock layers. The basalt dikes eroded faster than the surrounding Conway granite, creating a deepening valley where the gorge is now.
The gorge was covered by glaciers during the Ice Age, but the ice sheet did not greatly change the surface. It partially filled the valley with glacial debris and removed soil and weathered rock from the vicinity. After the Ice Age, Flume Brook began to flow through the valley again.
The highly fractured granite and basalt have been eroded by frost action as well as by the brook's water. As you walk through the Flume, look at the floor of the gorge and you may notice remnants of the main basalt dike, and on the walls of the gorge, small trees are growing. Erosion is still occurring.
Discovery.
The Flume was discovered in 1808 by 93-year-old “Aunt” Jess Guernsey when she accidentally came upon it while fishing. She had trouble convincing her family of the marvelous discovery, but eventually persuaded others to come and see for themselves. At that time, a huge egg-shaped boulder hung suspended between the walls. The rock was high and long. A heavy rainstorm in June 1883 started a landslide that swept the boulder from its place. That boulder fell down the gorge and destroyed a two mile streak of forest. The boulder has never been found. The same storm deepened the gorge and formed Avalanche Falls.
Operating schedule.
The Flume Gorge is open seasonally during the summer. Operating hours are 9:00 am to 5:00 pm. Dates and times are weather permitting. For up to date hours, please call the park directly.

</doc>
<doc id="19139719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139719" title="George Rocks">
George Rocks

George Rocks comprises three adjacent granite islets with their associated reefs, with a combined area of about 7 ha, in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Silver Gull, Black-faced Cormorant and Crested Tern. Introduced mammals are rabbits and rats. The Metallic Skink is present.
See also.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19139722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139722" title="2/10th Battalion (Australia)">
2/10th Battalion (Australia)

The 2/10th Battalion (The Adelaide Rifles) was a battalion of the Australian Army was raised at Wayville Showgrounds, Adelaide, on 13 October 1939, as part of the 18th Brigade of the 6th Australian Division for World War II. The Battalion was the first South Australian battalion formed for the Second AIF and was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Verrier.
History.
Training.
Training was undertaken at Woodside in the Adelaide hills, then at Greta and Ingleburn in New South Wales. The 2/10th embarked for the Middle East on 5 May 1940.
United Kingdom.
En route to the Middle East, the 18th Brigade was diverted to the United Kingdom to bolster the defences following the fall of France and became part of the 9th Australian Division. The 2/10th disembarked at Gourock, Scotland on 18 June 1940 and was based at Lopcombe Corner, England. The Second AIF’s first casualty due to enemy action occurred on 8 July 1940, when Private Albert Webb was wounded in a strafing attack by a German aircraft. The battalion was relocated to Colchester in October 1940 and left the United Kingdom on 17 November 1940.
Middle East.
The battalion arrived in Egypt on 31 December 1940. In February 1941, the 2/10th was transferred to the 7th Australian Division. D Company of the 2/10th joined the 2/9th Australian Infantry Battalion for its attack on Giarabub on 21 March 1941. The battalion was not committed to active operations until it moved to Tobruk in early April 1941. The 2/10th took part in the defence of Tobruk until it was withdrawn at the end of August 1941. After leaving Tobruk, the 2/10th trained in Palestine and between late September 1941 and early January 1942 formed part of the garrison force in Syria. The 2/10th sailed for Australia on 11 February 1942, arriving in Adelaide on 29 March 1942.
Pacific.
The 2/10th arrived at Milne Bay, Papua on 12 August 1942 and during the Battle of Milne Bay on the night of 27 August 1942 was overwhelmed by Imperial Japanese marines and suffered significant casualties. After regrouping and reinforcement the battalion participated in the Battle of Buna-Gona attacking Buna between 23 December 1942 and 2 January 1943, the 2/10th lost 113 men killed and 205 wounded. The 2/10th then participated in the attack against Sanananda between 9–24 January 1943. The battalion returned home to Australia on 12 March 1943.
The 2/10th returned to Papua in early August 1943, training around Port Moresby until deployed to the Finisterre Mountains in New Guinea on 31 December 1943, where it participated in Battle for Shaggy Ridge between 4 January - 1 February 1944. The battalion returned to Australia on 8 May 1944 and the 2/10th spent a year training.
On 1 July 1945, the battalion landed at Balikpapan, Borneo and stormed the heights of Parramatta Ridge and clearing the Japanese from in and around Balikpapan town, and was withdrawn into reserve on 6 July 1945. With the end of World War II, the personnel from 2/10th progressively returned to Australia and discharged, with only a cadre of only 42 personnel remaining. The battalion disbanded at Balikpapan on 29 December 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19139774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139774" title="1998 Intercontinental Cup">
1998 Intercontinental Cup

The 1998 Intercontinental Cup was a football match played on 1 December 1998 between Real Madrid, winners of the 1997–98 UEFA Champions League, and Vasco da Gama, winners of the 1998 Copa Libertadores. The match was played at a neutral venue, the National Stadium in Tokyo, in front of 51,514 fans. Real Madrid forward Raúl was named as man of the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19139792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139792" title="Colon cleansing">
Colon cleansing

Colon cleansing (also known as colon therapy) encompasses a number of alternative medical therapies intended to remove feces and nonspecific toxins from the colon and intestinal tract. Colon cleansing may take the form of colon hydrotherapy (also called a colonic or colonic irrigation) or oral cleansing regimens, such as dietary supplements. During the 2000s internet marketing and infomercials of colon supplements increased.
Some forms of colon hydrotherapy use tubes to inject water, sometimes mixed with herbs or with other liquids, into the colon via the rectum using special equipment. Oral cleaning regimes use dietary fiber, herbs, dietary supplements, or laxatives. People who practice colon cleansing believe that accumulations of putrefied feces line the walls of the large intestine and that these accumulations harbor parasites or pathogenic gut flora, causing nonspecific symptoms and general ill-health. This "auto-intoxication" hypothesis is based on medical beliefs of the Ancient Egyptians and Greeks and was discredited in the early 20th century.
No scientific evidence supports the alleged benefits of colon cleansing, and it "has no known medical value and risks damage to the rectum or bowel." The bowel itself is "not dirty” and, unless disease or medication interfere, "nature does a fine job of clearing out wastes." Certain enema preparations have been associated with heart attacks and electrolyte imbalances, and improperly prepared or used equipment can cause infection or damage to the bowel. Frequent colon cleansing can lead to dependence on enemas to defecate and some herbs may reduce the effectiveness of prescription drugs.
Effectiveness and risks.
The symptoms that are attributed to auto-intoxication—headache, fatigue, loss of appetite and irritability—are actually caused by mechanical distention within the bowel, such as irritable bowel syndrome, rather than toxins from putrefying food. The benefits anecdotally attributed to colon cleansing are vague and the claims made by manufacturers and practitioners are based on a flawed understanding of the body. There is little evidence of actual benefit to the procedure, and no evidence that it can alleviate the symptoms that are attributed to the theories of colon cleansing.
As the colon normally expels waste, colon cleansing is generally unneeded. Colonic irrigation can disrupt the bowel's normal flora and if done frequently can result in electrolyte depletion with dehydration. Rare but severe adverse events have been rectal perforation and amoebic infection from poorly sterilised equipment. Another claim is that it may impede the colon's shedding of dead cells.
Excessive use of enemas has also been associated with cardiac problems, such as heart failure, and heart attacks related to electrolyte imbalances when performed as coffee enema. Frequent enemas or other colon-cleansing tools may lead to dependence and inability to defecate without assistance or withdrawal symptoms. Herbs taken orally may interfere with drug absorption or activity of prescription drugs.
Colon hydrotherapy.
Colonic irrigation also known as colon hydrotherapy, colonic hydrotherapy, or a "colonic", is a treatment which is used "to wash out the contents of the large bowel by means of copious enemas using water or other medication." 
Colonic hydrotherapy is not the same as colon cleansing which uses aloe vera, laxatives or supplements taken orally. Colonic hydrotherapy is used to clean out the colon of fecal matter. It is done using equipment. There are various types of equipment available designed for colonic irrigation. The most modern methods use FDA approved medical equipment. Colonic irrigation treatment usually takes about 40 minutes. Colonic irrigation is not the same as an enema as colonic irrigation clears the bowel thoroughly where an enema does not clear the complete bowel but merely the sigmoid colon area. 
During an enema, the water is retained in the colon for approximately 15 minutes. During a colonic, water is introduced into the colon and then it is flushed out and this is repeated until the entire colon is cleared. 
Colonic irrigation has been described as an "unwise" procedure as it carries the risk of serious harm and has no proven benefit.
Supplement effectiveness.
The consumer advocacy news program Marketplace conducted a consumer trial with 3 women on the effectiveness of two colon supplements versus fiber. The results showed the supplements did not assist in weight loss and provided no additional benefit over a basic fiber supplement. According to the American Cancer Society, "Available scientific evidence does not support claims that colon therapy is effective in treating cancer or any other disease".
History.
The concept of "auto-intoxication", the idea that food enters the intestine and rots, provides a rationale for colon cleansing. The ancient Egyptians believed that toxins formed as a result of decomposition within the intestines, and moved from there into the circulatory system, causing fever and the development of pus. The Ancient Greeks adopted and expanded the idea, applying their belief in the four humours. In the 19th century, studies in biochemistry and microbiology seemed to support the autointoxication hypothesis, and mainstream physicians promoted the idea.
Daly notes that, historically, "purging was one of the few procedures that a physician could perform with visible, often impressive results and without immediate or obvious dangers".
Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov (1845-1916) became the strongest supporter of the idea of colon cleansing; he thought that toxins could shorten the lifespan. Over time, the concept broadened to "auto-intoxication", which supposes that the body cannot fully dispose of its waste products and toxins, which then accumulate in the intestine. In some cases, the concept led to radical surgeries to remove the colon for unrelated symptoms.
Auto-intoxication enjoyed some favor in the medical community in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, but clinicians discarded it as advances in science failed to support its claims. 
A 1919 paper entitled "Origin of the so-called auto-intoxication symptom" in the "Journal of the American Medical Association" marked the beginning of the rejection of the auto-intoxication hypothesis by the medical community.
Despite a lack of scientific support, "auto-intoxication" persists in the public imagination. The practice of colon cleansing has undergone a resurgence in the alternative-medical community, supported by testimonials and anecdotal evidence and promoted by manufacturers of colon-cleansing products.
Regulation.
In the United States the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates the production of equipment used in colon hydrotherapy in the USA but does not regulate their use, or the supplements used in oral colon-cleansing regimens and manufacturer claims do not require verification or supporting evidence. The contents of the products are also not verified or tested. The FDA has issued several letters warning manufacturers and suppliers of colon hydrotherapy equipment about making false claims of effectiveness, safety issues and quality control violations.

</doc>
<doc id="19139806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139806" title="Peter Ho">
Peter Ho

Peter Ho (born September 13, 1975) is a Taiwanese-American singer and actor. Ho was born in Los Angeles, California, and raised in Taiwan and Canada. He studied at Ontario College of Art and Design, and began his singing career after being offered a record deal in a karaoke bar.
Since his debut in 1998, he has released seven albums and has starred in over 25 films and television series, such as "Wind and Cloud", the "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" television series, "One Meter Sunshine" and "The Young Warriors".
Ho also appeared in the 2003 tokusatsu film "" as Leo/Kamen Rider Psyga; the first non-Japanese "Kamen Rider". He then went on to reprise his role in 2009's "Kamen Rider Decade".
Career.
Ho started out as a model, he came well known after filming a television commercial, "黑松沙士——记者篇", as a reporter. In 1998, he released his debut album in Taiwan, and then also went to Hong Kong. Although it caught a lot of attention, his singing career did not become a success. Ho later moved on to acting in Chinese television dramas. He put most of his efforts in mainland China, but his debut in Japan yielded good results as well. "Summer's Desire" is Ho's first television series as a producer.
820 Party Controversy.
On March 15, 2013, Chinese State media CCTV ran a Consumer Alert warning the public of Apple Inc. They accused Apple of offering less warranties to Chinese customers than to others around the globe. CCTV's charges included "discriminative provisions" such as "shorter warranty periods compared with that of other countries, using refurbished parts for repair and averting after-sale obligations."
At around 8:20 p.m., a handful of celebrities forwarded similar critical remarks about Apple, referring to the segment and attacking the company as discriminatory. All of the comments were preceded with the hashtag, a kind of online marker, “315IsLive.” The term “315” refers to CCTV’s headline consumer report, broadcast annually on March 15.
Peter Ho posted at 8:26 p.m. with: “How does Apple dare to play all these tricks on consumers? As an ‘Apple fan’ I’m deeply hurt. Would this be worthy of Steve Jobs? Or to those young people who sold their kidneys pay for Apple products? Sure enough, big corporations take advantage of their customers. Publish at around 8:20.” 
After that, netizens looked at all the posts including 315IsLive, and found the other opinion-makers on Sina that had also posted a criticism around the same time, right on schedule.
After seeing the controversy, Peter Ho later posted: “Now it’s me, Peter Ho. Some people stole my Weibo account and sent the above message! Who can tell me what’s going on! This is ridiculous!”

</doc>
<doc id="19139820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139820" title="Friedrich Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Schleswig-Holstein">
Friedrich Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Schleswig-Holstein

Friedrich Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Schleswig-Holstein (born 19 July 1985 in Eckernförde, Schleswig-Holstein, West Germany) is the heir apparent of Christoph, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein, current Head of the House of Schleswig-Holstein, the senior extant line of the House of Oldenburg. Friedrich Ferdinand is the eldest son of Christoph and his wife Princess Elisabeth of Lippe-Weissenfeld. As a 4th-great-grandson of Queen Victoria, he is in the line of succession to the British throne. He is the heir to the headship of the house that includes the royal families of Denmark, Norway, the heirs to the United Kingdom and the deposed royal house of Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19139823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139823" title="Emil A. Ciccotelli">
Emil A. Ciccotelli

Emilio "Emil" Anthony Ciccotelli (1929–1998) was a Deputy Chief and Chief of Detectives for the New York City Police Department. He also served for a time as Head of Security at Yankee Stadium, and as a professor of criminal justice at Iona College. He is most widely known for his role in the reduction of influence and power of the five major organized crime families in New York City in the 1980s and early 1990s, as well as his close work with future mayor of New York Rudy Giuliani in catalyzing a congressional investigation of organized crime syndicates. He died in August 1998 at the age of 69. He is buried in Gate of Heaven Cemetery in Westchester County, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19139825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139825" title="Lim Cheng Hoe">
Lim Cheng Hoe

Lim Cheng Hoe () was a watercolourist recognized as one of the key pioneer artists in Singapore, along with his peers like Cheong Soo Pieng and Chen Chong Swee. He was credited for the amalgamation of interest in watercolour art in the local art scene and in turn, the founding of the Singapore Watercolour Society. He also was a contrast from other pioneer artists schooled in mainstream Chinese art aesthetic culture, by being a product of Western art education and a primarily self-taught artist.
Born in 1912, Lim's family moved to Singapore from Amoy when he was 7. As a boy, Lim loved to draw, and would continue to explore and experiment with his pencil day in day out. In 1928, he attended school at the Raffles Institution where he found first love with watercolour art, and received art instruction from Richard Walker, his school art teacher and the first Art Inspector of Schools in Singapore. On September 13, 1930, the 18-year old submitted his artwork in the Design and Painting class in school, and was awarded First Prize in October 1930. After completing his Senior Cambridge Overseas School Certificate at end-1930, Lim went to China on a three-week vacation. In 1932 he passed the Junior London Chamber of Commerce Examination, and soon gained employment as a clerk at the Royal Naval Wireless Station in Kranji. He also continued to receive art instruction at Walker's Saturday art classes for the next three years. In 1936, Lim was employed as Chief Clerk at the Public Utilities Board, and got married in 1952 at the age of 30. He continued to work with the Board until his retirement in 1966.
Throughout his active years Lim was a Sunday painter, painting outdoors at various locations in Singapore during weekends and with any spare time he could afford in between work and family life. But he was much more into serious painting, than just painting for leisure. By the time he started his working life at the Utilities Board, Lim stopped attending art classes by Richard Walker. Instead, he continued to experiment and explored new ways to express his art through watercolour. He was a severe critic of his own work, seldom satisfied with the quality of work he produced, and emphasized greatly on accuracy in his observation and draughtsmanship. In fact, it was important to Lim to paint directly from his subjects, and often take time to look around and compose them before selecting for the right pose / position to paint. This also applies to plein-air paintings with his friends, even if it meant for him to paint under the blazing sun. Lim also read widely and acquired books on art history, criticism and techniques. He also was a subscriber to an arts magazine titled "The Artist: The Magazine For Artists, Instruction and Review" which was indispensable to feeding his voracious appetite for knowledge in art. Yet he never felt he studied enough, or mastered the watercolour medium sufficiently. This self-discipline and endless pursuit in artistic excellence thus gained him the reputation as an outstanding Singaporean artist. Lim was a good-natured man with laughter following their painting group wherever they went. He was also generous man who often shared his knowledge, and the publications he acquired with his circle of artist friends.
He was never far from his wanderlust personality that he had developed from his schooldays. Lim had good physical health, and a deep passion for natural landscapes. In his weekends and whatever free time available with his friends, he would meet up with them on painting excursions in either T. Y. Choy's car, or in G. K. Tan's old Ford to search for sceneries to paint. On occasions, he would go on painting expeditions starting from Kampong Penjuru (current site of Eusoff Hall of the National University of Singapore), travelling up to Loyang area, and ending his day by the Singapore River. These trips enabled him to continuously revisit these inspiring landscapes and rediscover his art. Thoma Yeo remembered joining the "Singapore River artists" - as they have come to be known later in history - in 1957 when he was a young aspiring artist. As with every other Sundays Yeo would meet the group at the "Red House" along Bras Basah Road and the members would decide where they would go to paint. The Singapore River thus then became their favourite haunt to paint at, especially when the group cannot decide where else to paint at. Between 1958 and 1971 Lim, and the other "Singapore River artists" took their plein air painting excursions to various parts of Malaysia, especially to the state of Johor.
Lim died of stomach cancer in Changi General Hospital on September 3, 1979, after a six-year battle.

</doc>
<doc id="19139852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139852" title="St Helens Island">
St Helens Island

St Helens Island is a granite island, with an area of 51 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania. The island is a conservation area, though it has been burnt in the past and is still subject to severe rabbit grazing. The island forms part of the St Helens Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds and waders.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Common Diving-Petrel, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Pacific Gull and Silver Gull. European Rabbits have been introduced. The Metallic Skink is present.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19139872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139872" title="Maurice Côté">
Maurice Côté

Maurice Côté (8 October 1917 - 28 November 1986) was a Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a broker, investment counsellor and stockbroker by career.
He was first elected at the Chicoutimi riding in 
the 1962 general election then re-elected there in 1963. For the 1965 election, Côté became an independent candidate and was defeated by Paul Langlois of the Liberal party. In that election, Majella Tremblay was the Ralliement créditiste candidate, the banner which the Social Credit party in Quebec became known during that time. Côté also made unsuccessful attempts to win back Chicoutimi in 1972 and 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19139884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139884" title="Pacific-Farallon Ridge">
Pacific-Farallon Ridge

The Pacific-Farallon Ridge is a former mid-ocean ridge that existed between the Pacific and Farallon plates in the Pacific Ocean during the Cenozoic era. Its appearance was in a north-south direction. About 60 million years ago, it might have extended at least . Remnants of the Pacific-Farallon Ridge include the Explorer, Gorda, Juan de Fuca and the East Pacific ridges.

</doc>
<doc id="19139892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139892" title="Lee Wochner">
Lee Wochner

Lee Wochner is a Los Angeles, California-based playwright, producer, and theatre director.
In 1992 he co-founded Moving Arts theatre, where he served as founding artistic director from 1992 to 2002. While at Moving Arts, he produced or directed plays by Luis Alfaro, John Belluso, Sheila Callaghan, Michael T. Folie, Trey Nichols, Werner Trieschmann and many others. Moving Arts has also produced a number of Wochner's plays including "All Undressed with Nowhere to Go" for the critically acclaimed Car Plays series.
His plays, including "Anapest", "Happy Fun Family", "The Size of Pike", "Remember Frank Zappa", and others, have been produced in New York, London, Los Angeles, and elsewhere.
In 1999 he co-executive-produced the Regional Alternative Theatre Conference (or "rat conference") in Los Angeles.
From 2001 to 2003 he was President and CEO of LA Stage Alliance, and from 2002 to 2004 he was president of California Arts Advocates.
He has taught playwriting since 1990, first at various writers conferences, then at Pierce College, California State University Northridge, Glendale Community College, and in his private Words That Speak workshop. Since 2001 he has taught playwriting in the Master of Professional Writing Program at the University of Southern California, where he received his masters degree in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19139899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139899" title="Theodor Luts">
Theodor Luts

Theodor Luts ( in Palamuse – 24 September 1980 in São Paulo) was an Estonian film director and cinematographer, brother of classic writer Oskar Luts. Theodor Luts was the first major figure of Estonian cinematography
His "Noored kotkad" ("Young Eagles") (1927) is generally regarded as the cornerstone of Estonian cinema. "Päikese lapsed" ("Children of the Sun") (1932), directed by Luts, was the first Estonian full length sound film.
After the Great Depression hit Estonia in the 1930s Theodor Luts produced mostly documentaries for a state subsidized film studio Eesti Kultuurfilm and also had a successful career in Finland.
Twenty-four films by Theodor Luts made in Estonia have survived and are hold at the Estonian Film Archives.
Feature films directed by Luts in Finland include "Salainen ase" (1943) and "Varjoja Kannaksella" (1943).
After World War II and the Soviet occupation of Estonia, Luts emigrated to Brazil where he directed "Caraça, Porta do Céu" in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19139920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139920" title="Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories">
Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories

Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories (ISBN 978-1-59606-128-6) is an original collection featuring a novel and other short literary works by science fiction author Philip José Farmer, edited by Christopher Paul Carey, published in 2007. All of the works in the book written by Farmer previously appeared in the periodical "" between the years 2005–2007. The collection is notable in that it includes several mainstream stories by Farmer, who is better known for his science fiction work.

</doc>
<doc id="19139923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139923" title="Anas Sarwar">
Anas Sarwar

Anas Sarwar MP (born 14 March 1983) is a British Labour Party politician and has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Central since 6 May 2010, succeeding his father Mohammad Sarwar, the first ever Muslim MP in the UK.
He is the deputy leader of the Scottish Labour Party, and the chief coordinator of Labour's 2014 Scottish referendum campaign.
Early life.
Born and brought up in Glasgow, Sarwar is the youngest of four siblings. 
Sarwar went to the private Hutchesons' Grammar School and studied Dentistry at Glasgow University. He graduated in 2005 becoming an NHS General Dental Practitioner before becoming an MP in 2010.
Sarwar lives in Glasgow with his wife, Furheen, also a dentist, and two children.
Political career.
Sarwar has been a member of the Scottish Labour Party since the age of 16 and was previously part of the team which campaigned to successfully save the Govan shipyard in 1999, collecting more than 80,000 signatures. Sarwar was an executive member of Scottish Young Labour, and joined the Co-operative Party, the Fabian Society and the trade unions Unite and Community. Sarwar is a vice-chair of Progress.
Scottish Parliament election, 2007.
For the 2007 Scottish Parliament elections Sarwar was selected to stand as the number one regional list candidate for the Glasgow region. He was a member of Labour's Scottish Policy Forum which was responsible for drawing-up the Labour manifesto for that election. 
His attempt to enter Holyrood failed at the election when Labour lost control of the Scottish parliament for the first time.
In February 2009 Sarwar won "The Sun's" "Best New Scottish Politician" award.
Member of Parliament.
In 2010 Sarwar was elected to represent the Westminster constituency of Glasgow Central on 6 May 2010, increasing the previously held majority.
He was later elected by his colleagues to serve on the International Development Select Committee. His parliamentary interests include foreign policy and international development. His specific areas of concern are Palestine and Kashmir.
He is also Co-Chair of the All Party Parliamentary Group on Anti-Corruption and was a member of the Welfare Reform Bill Committee.
Deputy Leader of the Scottish Labour Party.
In December 2011 he was elected Scottish Labour deputy leader in 2011 receiving 51.10% of the vote.
As the new deputy leader, he unveiled a four point plan to change and end factionalism within the party.
Anas will co-ordinate the Scottish Labour Party's Referendum Campaign. 
Controversies.
Over Bedroom Tax stance.
In 2013, Anas took a very strong line in attacking both the Bedroom Tax and the Scottish Government for failing to mitigate its worst effect, but when presented with an opportunity to vote for its repeal, Anas along with 45 other Labour MPs failed to vote, with the vote being lost by 252 to 226 - less than the number of Labour MPs who failed to vote. This was dues to the 'pairing' system, allowing Labour to allow Lib Dems to vote outside the whip, and this allowed a close vote reducing the Government majority and coming close to defeating the bedroom tax. Scottish Labour now have a bill at the Scottish Parliament urging the Scottish Government to use their exixting powers to end the effects of the tax in Scotland.
Over private schools.
In 2014, Anas came under criticism for choosing to send his son to a private school rather than a state school with MSP John Wilson stating: "Anas Sarwar once again highlights the hypocrisy of the Labour Party - talking of social justice and defending public services while sending his own child to a private school"

</doc>
<doc id="19139933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139933" title="Hiroko Matsuura">
Hiroko Matsuura

Hiroko Matsuura (松浦 寛子 "Matsuura Hiroko", born July 15, 1990) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Baki-Azeryol.

</doc>
<doc id="19139934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139934" title="1973–74 Vancouver Canucks season">
1973–74 Vancouver Canucks season

The 1973–74 Vancouver Canucks season was the team's 4th in the NHL. Vancouver finished 7th in the East Division for the third consecutive season, failing to reach the playoffs. Before the season started Bud Poile, the Canucks first general manager, left the team to become an executive with the World Hockey Association. Hal Laycoe, the first coach of the Canucks, was named Poile's replacement.
Playoffs.
The Canucks did not qualify for the playoffs.
Draft picks.
Vancouver's picks at the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft. The draft was held at the Mount Royal Hotel in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19139937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139937" title="Paddys Island">
Paddys Island

Paddys Island is a flat granite island, with an area of 4.6 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania. The island forms part of the St Helens Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds and waders.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Kelp Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Caspian Tern.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19139941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139941" title="De'oraita and derabanan">
De'oraita and derabanan

The concepts of "de-'oraita () and de-rabbanan" () are used extensively in discussion and text relating to Jewish law. The former refers to halachic requirements that are biblically mandated, while the latter refers to halachic requirements that are rabbinically mandated. In Aramaic, "de-'oraita" means "from the Torah" and "de-rabbanan" means "from our Rabbis".
Examples of the application of these two terms abound. One such application appears in the laws relating to grace after meals. There are four blessings contained within the grace after meals, and while the first three are biblically mandated, the fourth blessing was added much later on in Jewish history and is rabbinically mandated (B. Brachot 45b) The first three blessings would thus be referred to as "de-'oraita" and the last blessing would be referred to as "de-rabbanan". While this distinction had practical ramifications in the Talmudic era in terms of certain instances in which someone might be exempt from reciting the fourth blessing, these distinctions are now primarily academic.
Another example are the commandments regarding the famous phrase "Thou shall not boil a kid in its mother's milk." From this, many laws of kashrut are derived by the rabbis. One might think this would make it "de-rabbanan" because it was derived by the rabbis, but the laws are actually "de-'oraita" because they are derived by interpreting the Torah. On the other hand, the extension of this prohibition to eating chicken with milk is "de-rabbanan" as it is the product of a specific Rabbinic enactment.

</doc>
<doc id="19139944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139944" title="List of Brazilians of Black African descent">
List of Brazilians of Black African descent

Black Brazilian is a term used to categorise by race or color Brazilian citizens who are black. 6.9% of the population of Brazil consider themselves black ("preto").
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19139962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139962" title="Main Building (Statistics Canada)">
Main Building (Statistics Canada)

The Main Building, or Main Statistics Canada Building, is a four storey federal government office building located at 150 Tunney's Pasture Driveway in the Tunney's Pasture area of Ottawa, Canada. It is connected on the north side by the Jean Talon Building and on the south side by the R. H. Coats Building. Most of its 1,700 occupants work for Statistics Canada. Other tenants include Health Canada, Public Works and Government Services Canada, and SNC-Lavalin.
The building was completed in 1952 to accommodate the growing staff of the Dominion Bureau of Statistics. At that time the Main Building was only one of two buildings in Tunney’s Pasture - the other being a heating plant.
In recent years, the building has experienced structural and environmental problems such as water leakage and power failures.

</doc>
<doc id="19139974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139974" title="Angela Dawson">
Angela Dawson

Angela Dawson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19139979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19139979" title="Elmar Geirsson">
Elmar Geirsson

Elmar Geirsson (born 25 July 1948 in Reykjavík) is a former Icelandic professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Club career.
Geirsson started at Fram and later was successful in Germany with Hertha Zehlendorf and SV Eintracht Trier 05.
International career.
He made his debut for Iceland in 1967 and went on to win 23 caps, scoring two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19140035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140035" title="Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen">
Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen

Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen were two young men from Norway who went with fellow Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen on his 1918 Arctic expedition aboard ship "Maud". Peter Tessem was a carpenter and Paul Knutsen was an able-bodied
seaman. One year into the expedition, in 1919, Amundsen left Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen behind at Cape Chelyuskin after having made winter quarters there. Amundsen chose Peter Tessem because he had been suffering from chronic headaches throughout the winter and was not fit to continue the long expedition; and Paul Knutsen because he had wintered previously in the Kara Sea in 1914-1915 with Otto Sverdrup on ship "Eclipse", so he knew about the locations of the caches of provisions left by Sverdrup in the area.
The men were instructed to wait for the freeze-up of the Kara Sea and then sledge southwestwards along the western coast of the Taymyr Peninsula towards Dikson carrying the mail and the valuable scientific data accumulated by the expedition. Meanwhile the "Maud" continued eastwards into the Laptev Sea.
These two men disappeared mysteriously during their 800-km trip over the ice and were never seen again. The Norwegians' journey was identical in its last 600 km to the sledge trip undertaken a few years earlier at the orders of Baron Eduard Toll by "Zarya" Captain Nikolai Kolomeitsev and Cossack Stepan Rastorguyev. In 1901 Kolomeitsev and Rastorguev had covered the distance from Bukhta Kolin Archera, SW of Taymyr Island, to Dikson in one month, so Tessem and Knutsen's trip should not have taken much longer. However, almost a year passed and nothing was heard of the two Norwegians.
Norwegian search expedition.
The alarm was raised in March 1920 by Amundsen's brother Leon when he got a telegram from his brother. Roald Amundsen, who was wintering then near Ayon Island, in the East Siberian Sea, was enquiring whether his men had reached home safely.
Veteran Arctic explorer Otto Sverdrup, acting on behalf of the Royal Norwegian Department for Churches and Education, tried to conduct a search by sending schooner "Heimen" to the Kara Sea on 23 August 1920. But the schooner encountered heavy ice already east of Dikson and Captain Lars Jakobsen was forced to turn back when he was close to the Mikhailov Peninsula. Jakobsen tried then to hire dogs or reindeer for an overland expedition, but the practical difficulties he encountered became unsurmountable, for the area was practically uninhabited except for the little station at Dikson.
Soviet search expedition.
Finally, in 1921 Nikifor Begichev led a Soviet expedition in search for Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen on request of the government of Norway. Captain Lars Jakobsen and Alfred Karlsen, another Norwegian who had been with him at Dikson and who acted as interpreter, accompanied Begichev. Begichev had a good impression of Jakobsen and Karlsen; he thought that they were tough, reliable and helpful.
At the start of their search, they had a letter dating from November 18, 1919, found about a tenth of the way from Cape Chelyuskin to Dikson, placed in a tin can in a cairn on Mys Vil’da. It said that Tessem and Knutsen were heading towards Dikson in good health with provisions for twenty days.
On August 2, 1919, some distance south-west of the letter, the Norwegian sledge was found by Begichev, indicating that something had gone wrong with the Norwegians. Further, near Sterligov cape, he found other materials. On August 16, 1919, Begichev found a fireplace with smoked men's bones near Primetnyi cape, including a skull, empty cartridges, and a broken knife, suggesting a physical struggle.
After examination of the things, Begichev decided that the bones belonged to one of the missing Norwegian seamen; however, after Begichev's death, it was presumed that the bones belonged to somebody from Rusanov's expedition.
The expedition of 1922 found theodolite, mail, and other things on the Zeledeev river, 80 km from Dikson, belonging to Knudsen and Tessem. Closer to Dikson, on the Uboynaya river, two pairs of Norwegian skis and part of a sleeping-bag were found. Finally, in July 1922, three kilometers from Dikson, Begichev found the skeleton of the man wearing a golden watch engraved with Peter Tessem's name.
The search was abandoned, but before Captain Jakobsen and Alfred Karlsen returned to Norway via Krasnoyarsk, they had established good friendships with many Russians. Owing to their good character, the Soviet authorities and many persons in different places of Russia went out of their way to assist them. This was not always easy considering the penury of the times in the early Soviet Union.
Remains found by chance.
In August 1922 a geological expedition led by N. N. Urvantsev found by chance the mail and scientific data that Tessem and Knutsen had been carrying. The valuable documents lay strewn about, abandoned near the mouth of the Zeledeyeva River. Later the skis belonging to the disappeared Norwegians were found at the mouth of the Uboynaya River. In July 1922 a mummified corpse, practically a skeleton, was found on the mainland shore across from Dikson Island within sight of the weather station that was the two men's destination.
Forensic analysis revealed that it was one of the two Norwegian explorers and that the most likely cause of death was starvation. Another possible cause of death is that the Norwegian hurried when he saw the lights of the polar station, so that he slipped and fell down. He might have knocked himself unconscious hitting a boulder, could not stand up and froze to death.
It is not clear, however, whether the corpse by the shore was Peter Tessem's or Paul Knutsen's. But the golden watch with engraved Tessem's name on it let to presume that it was Tessem. The photo of the skeleton was taken by Georgy Rybin.
The other body was never found.
The dead man was buried farther up the slope in the same spot and his grave was marked with a driftwood cross. Two years later the crew of Norwegian ship "Veslekari" erected a more imposing larch cross on the spot. In 1958 the remains were moved to the top of the cape where there is now a granite monument with a plaque inscribed in Russian and in the Roman alphabet to honor the memory of the dead Norwegian. The inscription reads:
"TESSEM, Norwegian seaman, member of the expedition, MS Maud, died 1920."

</doc>
<doc id="19140058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140058" title="Soledad's Sister">
Soledad's Sister

Soledad's Sister is the second novel of Filipino author Jose Dalisay (the first being Killing Time in A Warm Place, 1992). It won recognition as one of five novels shortlisted in the first The Man Asian Literary Prize[http://www.manasianliteraryprize.org/2008/index.php in 2007.
Summary.
The novel starts in a cloudy August night when a casket bearing the corpse of one who is identified as "Aurora V. Cabahug" arrives in the Ninoy Aquino International Airport from Jeddah. Mysteriously identified by Jeddah authorities as having died from drowning, she is one of 600 Filipino overseas workers who return as corpses to NAIA every year. The corpse, however, is not the real Aurora Cabahug but of her older sister, Soledad. The real Aurora Cabahug, called Rory, has in fact never set foot beyond the small town of Paez and is a singer in the Flame Tree, a KTV nightclub frequented by cops, the town’s vice-mayor and Koreans. Rory learns of her sister's death and she claims the body with the help of a local police officer, Walter G. Zamora. Along the way, their vehicle along with the casket is stolen by notorious carnapper known as Boy Alambre. In the end, Soledad's casket, is discovered by Boy Alambre. He pushes the casket into a murky river, but in an ironic twist of fate, the thief is taken along and drowns with the corpse. Soledad remains as faceless as she was when she came home.
In a series of flashbacks and narrations, we learn of the stories in each of the main characters’ lives. Their mysteries are not fully unraveled however, left to the past or to events that have yet to be told.
Characters.
Mrs. Cabahug – Rory and Soli's mother. She favors Rory over her elder sister and dies in a fire along with her husband and her son Ditoy
Social Significance.
The novel is situated precisely in a time which Filipinos and those who have experienced emigration, whether personal or through the exodus of their family members, can relate to. It shows the abuses suffered by Filipino migrant workers in foreign countries, and the abuses that they are again subjected to in their home country.

</doc>
<doc id="19140060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140060" title="Lee Jung-Yong">
Lee Jung-Yong

Lee Jung-Yong (born July 6, 1982; ) is a South Korean football midfielder for Sisaket FC in the Thai Premier League.
His previous clubs were Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i in the K-League and NK Slaven Belupo and NK Naftaš HAŠK in Croatia.
Club Stats.
"As of end of 2009 season"

</doc>
<doc id="19140073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140073" title="The Flying Lizards (album)">
The Flying Lizards (album)

The Flying Lizards is the 1980 self-titled debut album by The Flying Lizards and was released on the Virgin Records label.
Track listing.
1980 Original record
General Strike are: David Toop and Steve Beresford who also made the album "Danger In Paradise" with David Cunningham in the years 1979-1982 
1995 Japanese reissue on CD
1995 Japanese reissue on Virgin of the group's debut album on CD for the first time ever & as a 20 bit remaster with three bonus tracks: "All Guitars", "Tube" and "Money" (Single Edit). 13 tracks total, also featuring the cult hit/ cover of the classic "Money".

</doc>
<doc id="19140078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140078" title="Sam Adams (explorer)">
Sam Adams (explorer)

Sam Adams (1828–1915), who periodically referred to himself as "Captain", was an early explorer of the American west. His survey of the Colorado River was conducted simultaneously to John Wesley Powell's more extensive survey. He struggled for over ten years to impose his view of the Colorado River - that it was a mineral paradise shot through with veins of gold and silver - but ultimately failed. In 1878, Senator Francis Cockrell rejected a resolution that would have compensated Adams for his spontaneous work. 
Adams' survey, while wildly off the mark and generally recognized as unscientific, was a notable moment in the exploration of the West. In the words of Powell biographer Wallace Stegner, it was a "symptom. In his resistance to fact and logic he had many allies who were neither so foolish in their folly nor so witless in their rascality as he, but whose justification and platform was the same incorrigible insistence upon a West that did not exist."

</doc>
<doc id="19140096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140096" title="Mayeus Lafleur">
Mayeus Lafleur

Mayeus Lafleur (born in Mamou, Louisiana in 1906) was one of the earliest musicians to record Cajun music. Along with fellow musician Leo Soileau, he recorded the fiercely popular "He Mon" (which is widely considered to be only the second recorded documentation of the genre), in 1928. However, less than two weeks after the recording session, he was shot to death during a quarrel involving moonshine at a local dance after jumping to the aid of a friend, Alexander Bellon, who was shot first. He was only 22 at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19140102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140102" title="Pacific-Kula Ridge">
Pacific-Kula Ridge

The Pacific-Kula Ridge is a former mid-ocean ridge that existed between the Pacific and Kula plates in the Pacific Ocean during the Paleogene period. Its appearance was in an east-west direction and the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain had its attribution with the ridge. The Pacific-Kula Ridge lay south of the Hawaii hotspot around 80 million years ago, moving northward relative to the hotspot.

</doc>
<doc id="19140112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140112" title="Bellendena">
Bellendena

Bellendena montana, commonly known as Mountain Rocket, is a species of low-growing multi-stemmed shrub in the plant family Proteaceae. It is endemic to high-altitude subalpine and alpine regions in Tasmania, Australia. The prominent white flower spikes appear over summer, followed by small bright red or yellow fruit in late summer and autumn. 
Described by Robert Brown in 1810, it is the sole member of the genus Bellendena, which is in turn the sole member of subfamily Bellendenoideae, and represents an early offshoot within the family.
Taxonomy.
Scottish botanist Robert Brown described the mountain rocket in 1810 as "Bellendena montana", naming the genus in honour of John Bellenden Ker Gawler for his botanical works. The species name is the Latin adjective "montanus" and refers to its montane habitat. Its common name refers to its red-tipped rocket-shaped flowerheads.
Phylogenetic studies often place this genus as basal (one of the earliest offshoots) to the rest of the Proteaceae, though its exact position and relationships are unclear. A 2006 molecular analysis by Weston and Barker located it as sister to the subfamily Persoonioideae, the two sharing a common ancestor which diverged from the other Proteaceae. However, the genus has an anatomical feature, laterocytic stomata (having 3 or more parallel specialised subsidiary cells), which it shares with the Platanaceae (next closest relatives to the Proteaceae) and no other Proteaceae, which indicate it diverged from all other members of the family first.
Description.
"Bellendena montana" grows as a low, spreading multistemmed shrub to anywhere from 10 cm to 1.8 m high, and 1 m in diameter. The leaves are thick and variable, ranging from oblanceolate to spathulate to wedge-shaped (cuneate) in shape with recurved margins and measuring 1-6 cm long and 0.2 to 2.2 cm wide. Plants from north-eastern Tasmania have narrower leaves than elsewhere, and populations from higher altitudes have smaller leaves and more crowded foliage. The flowers occur in terminal racemes which are held on short stems above the foliage. These are followed by small egg-shaped (obovate) bright red or yellow fruit, which are ripe in late summer and autumn.
Distribution and habitat.
"Bellendena montana" is found at altitudes above 1000 m (3500 ft), though rarely lower to 400 m. It grows on low-nutrient soils (mostly dolerite, but sometimes quartzite or basalt-derived) with good drainage, often rocky outcrops, as well as more boggy areas and alpine heathland.
Cultivation.
The plant has attractive flowers, fruit and foliage, but is not often cultivated because it is difficult to grow at low altitudes. Propagation by seed or cutting is unreliable.

</doc>
<doc id="19140120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140120" title="East West Bancorp">
East West Bancorp

East West Bancorp () is a publicly owned company with $26.0 billion in assets and is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “EWBC”. 
The Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, East West Bank, is one of the largest independent commercial banks headquartered in California with over 130 locations worldwide, including the U.S. markets of California, New York, Georgia, Nevada, Massachusetts, Texas and Washington. In Greater China, East West’s presence includes a full-service branch in Hong Kong and representative offices in Beijing, Chongqing, Shenzhen, Taipei and Xiamen. Through a wholly owned subsidiary bank, East West’s presence in Greater China also includes full service branches in Shanghai and Shantou and a representative office in Guangzhou. 
On May 28, 1999, East West Bancorp Inc., parent company of wholly owned East West Bank, announced that it had completed its $13.5 million acquisition of First Central Bank, N.A. in an all-cash transaction.

</doc>
<doc id="19140122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140122" title="Kevin Craft">
Kevin Craft

Kevin Craft (born October 15, 1985 in Escondido, California) is a former college football quarterback at UCLA, who played for the Cougars de Saint-Ouen l'Aumône, France in France.
High school years.
Craft attended Valley Center High School in Valley Center, California and was an excellent student and a letterman in football, basketball, and track. In football, he was a three year letterman and earned All-California Interscholatic Federation honors. Kevin Craft graduated from Valley Center High School in 2004.
College career.
SDSU.
Craft originally attended San Diego State University, where his father, former SDSU Aztecs quarterback Tom Craft, was head coach. Arriving in 2005, Craft redshirted his first year; his father was fired at the end of the season and replaced by Chuck Long. Craft remained and, as a redshirt freshman, appeared in nine games and started five as the Aztecs went onto a 3-9 record in 2006; he had a 109.8 passer rating. In his first career start at San Diego State, Kevin Craft completed 20 of 32 passes for 216 yards against BYU.
Mt. SAC.
Craft transferred from SDSU after the season and played football at Mt. San Antonio College (Mt. SAC) in Walnut, California during the 2007 season; again for his father Tom, who became the offensive coordinator at Mt. SAC.
UCLA.
Craft transferred to UCLA in time for the 2008 spring practices. He soon found himself in as the starting quarterback for the UCLA Bruins Football team after the two veteran starters, Ben Olson and Patrick Cowan, both fell to extended injuries. In the Bruins opener for the 2008 season, Craft led the Bruins to a 27-24 victory against 18th ranked Tennessee in overtime. After throwing 4 interceptions in the first half he came back to complete 18 of 25 passes for 193 yards and 1 TD in the second half.
The Bruins finished the season with a record of 4-8 (3-6 Pac-10) and failed to participate in a post-season bowl game. He competed with Kevin Prince and freshman Richard Brehaut for the quarterback position in 2009. 
In the 2009 Washington game at the Rose Bowl, Craft came in after Kevin Prince went out to guide the Bruins to a one point victory, 24-23, and an end to the team's five straight Pac-10 conference losses. He had 10 of 14 completions for 159 yards with an interception.
Professional career.
In 2010, Kevin signed with the Cougars de Saint-Ouen l'Aumône, France. The Cougars play in the highest level of competition in France (Division 1) and in the EFAF Cup.
Every team in the French national championship is eligible to sign two American players. Kevin decided to choose this challenge over his coaching job in order to help the Cougars to reach the national title. Craft chose the Cougars despite a late offer from the CFL's Calgary franchise.
During the 2010 season, Kevin completed 216 of 398 passes for 2,851 yards, 28 TDs and 13 INTs. He rushed for 245 yards and scored 4 TDs.
In 2012, Kevin played for IBM Big Blue in Japanese X-league. He was an all league selection and a rookie of the year for the central division.
Personal.
Craft majored in sociology and participated in the 2009 UCLA commencement ceremony with former quarterback Troy Aikman, who came back to UCLA to finish his degree.

</doc>
<doc id="19140129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140129" title="Minnie Warren">
Minnie Warren

Huldah Pierce Warren (Bump) Newell (June 2, 1849–July 23, 1878), better known as Minnie Warren, who was a proportionate dwarf and an entertainer associated with P.T. Barnum. Her sister, Lavinia Warren, was married to General Tom Thumb. They were very well known in 1860s' America and their meeting with Abraham Lincoln was covered in the press.
Early life.
She was born in Middleborough, Massachusetts into a respected family whose roots went back to the beginning of the colony. Minnie and her sister had both been born at a normal birth weight but then stopped growing early in their lives. Their siblings were of a normal stature.
Career.
In addition to the public interest in her tiny stature, Minnie performed as a singer. She married Edmund Newell, who was also a dwarf and paid performer for Barnum.
Death.
Warren died from complications in childbirth on July 23, 1878. The baby, which weighed 6 pounds, died a few hours later
She was buried in Nemasket Hill Cemetery, Middleborough, Massachusetts.

</doc>
