<doc id="19330515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330515" title="Tunnels in popular culture">
Tunnels in popular culture

Mysterious tunnels or "secret passages" are a common element of the local folklore tradition in the United Kingdom and the European continent. In Norwegian a secret tunnel-like passage is called a "lønngang" (lønn = "hidden / secret", and gang = passage) and in Swedish a "lönngång". Such tunnels are said to physically link prominent places such as country houses, castles, churches, ancient monuments and other, often medieval, buildings.
Legends about the existence of secret tunnels usually involve improbably long subterranean passages, sometimes running under major obstacles such as rivers and lakes to reach their destinations. Religious buildings, monks and the landed gentry are particularly common elements in many tunnel stories.
It is unlikely that many of the recorded tunnels exist physically, for this is a characteristic of their very nature; their significance lies in why so many similar legends of tunnels have arisen and in connection with the more esoteric notions of channels or paths of earth energy, and such.
The origins of secret passage myths.
Underground structures have a fascination due to their being hidden from view and their contents, purpose, extent and destinations remaining unknown. 
Over the centuries many underground structures have been discovered by chance, ranging from Cornish Fogous, souterrains that are possibly Pictish, Roman and medieval sewers to smuggling tunnels, escape tunnels, siege tunnels, and the like.
On occasion, possible tunnels prove to be of purely natural origin, such as at Cleeves Cove cave in Scotland, or Kents Cavern in England. The site at Cleeves Cove cave was previously known as the 'Elfhouse' or 'Elfhame', the locals at that time believing that elves had made it their abode.
Rarely, natural caves or tunnel systems can be of great extent; the cave system with the greatest total length of passage is Mammoth Cave (Kentucky, USA) at in length, whilst the next most extensive known cave is Jewel Cave near Custer, South Dakota, USA, at .
Some castles really did have escape tunnels, such as the short one located at Loudoun Castle in Ayrshire, Scotland, which leads from the old kitchens to a 'tunnel-like' bridge over the Hag Burn. Others examples were longer: the young king Edward III was imprisoned by Roger de Mortimer, 1st Earl of March at Nottingham Castle, and in 1330 a small group of armed supporters of Edward III made use of a long, winding secret passage which led directly into the castle, allowing them to surprise and capture Mortimer.
Other tunnels are products of an excessive desire for personal privacy, such as at Welbeck Abbey and Brownlow Castle. Another tunnel allowed for the supposed free and secret movement of monks, abbots and other ecclesiastics who may have had cause to keep a low profile for fear of attack or abusive treatment during periods of unrest or persecution. Smugglers at times avoided the excise man by making use of drains, sewers or water supply conduits, although in a few cases they seem to have constructed tunnels for the purpose of smuggling. 
Bruce Walker, an expert on Scottish vernacular architecture, has suggested that the relatively numerous and usually long-ruined ice houses on country estates may have led to Scotland's many tunnel legends. The appearance of ice house entrance could have prompted the unitiated to make such deductions since ice houses are often inconspicuously located in such places as ha-ha walls, house and stable basements, woodland banks, and open fields.
Many legends are associated with the actual and supposed activities of the Knights Templar and they are rich in stories about tunnels connecting the various properties that the order possessed up to the 12th century, when it was suppressed.
Sigmund Freud, Carl Gustav Jung and others had various psychological interpretations of the symbolic meanings of tunnels and these may have a part to play in the origins of tunnel myths.
Connection with ley lines.
Alfred Watkins, in "The Old Straight Track", suggested that they might be connected with ley lines.
Examples.
Scotland.
Blackness Castle in Lothian is said to have a tunnel linking it with the House of Binns, about three kilometres distant. A tunnel is said to run from Stanecastle near Irvine to Eglinton Castle and another from Stanecastle to Seagate Castle in Irvine, complete with a mythical piper. Monkredding was a property of Kilwinning Abbey and a tunnel is said to link the two properties. Another tunnel is said to run from Stanecastle to Dundonald. A subterranean passage was found by workmen at Stanecastle in the 19th century.
A tunnel is said to run from near Ravenscraig Castle down to the Annick Water just up stream of Lainshaw Castle. The tunnel was crawled through by the grandfather of a local man and may be related to the drainage of the nearby, now flooded, Hillhouse quarry, the Water Plantation area, and other Lainshaw estate lands.
A tunnel is said to run from Loudoun Castle under the River Irvine to Cessnock Castle in Galston, East Ayrshire, Scotland.
A tunnel is said to run from the old Giffen Castle near Beith to the now abandoned farm of Bank of Giffen; some years back some children are said to have found and made their way safely through the tunnel.
A secret or ley tunnel is said to link Old Auchans and Dundonald Castle. A local loch was being drained through a ditch when it was observed that the water was vanishing into the earth; locals speculated that the ley tunnel had been breached.
Cleeves Cove cave, the site of the Elfhame, is said to be connected to Loudoun Hill. It is reported that once the Laird of Auchenskeich's collie dog entered the cave at its entrance above the Dusk Water and came out at Loudoun Hill near Darvel, many miles away. The end of the Cleeve Cove system is said to have never been found. Mauchline Castle is said to be linked to Kingencleugh Castle by a tunnel.
A tunnel is said to run the one and a half miles from Craufurdland Castle to Dean Castle in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire. It was used to provision Dean Castle when it was besieged for several months in the time of Edward I, and the siege was only abandoned when the besieged hung several freshly killed sheep over the wall and offered them to the attackers. The tunnel entrance was only blocked up in the early 19th century. Cuthbertson records the tradition of a tunnel running from Dean Castle down to the Kilmarnock Water near the old Begbie's Tavern of Burn's fame. This tunnel is said to have become a public sewer.
A local tradition was that an underground passage ran from Caldwell House to the old Lugton Inn (now demolished), under the Lugton Water. A search by owners in the cellars did not revealed any signs of a hidden passage.
Persistent rumours exist of a tunnel which is said to run from Kilwinning Abbey, under the 'Bean Yaird', below the 'Easter Chaumers' and the 'Leddy firs', and then underneath the River Garnock and on to Eglinton Castle. No evidence exists for it, although it may be related to the underground burial vault of the Montgomeries, which does exist under the old abbey, or to the main sewer that would have led from the monastery to the river.
In the village of Carmunnock near Glasgow a tunnel is said to have connected the parish church with dwellings used by the monks on what is now Busby Road. No sign of the tunnel has yet been found.
At Strathaven Castle in South Lanarkshire tunnels are recorded in local tradition as running from the castle to the Sweetie's Brae, Mill Brae, and the Tower. Road works in the 19th century did not reveal anything of their existence.
A tunnel is believed to exist beneath Culross Abbey in Fife and within a man is said to sit on a golden chair waiting to give valuable treasures to anyone who succeeds in finding him. Many years ago a blind piper decided to try and upon entering at Newgate with his dog he proceeded to search and could be heard playing his pipes as far as the West Kirk, three quarters of a mile away. Eventually the dog emerged into the daylight, but the piper was never seen or heard of again. The caves below Keil Point on Isle of Arran contain a slab which may have been an ancient altar. It has the prints of two right feet on it, said to be those of Saint Columba.
In the 19th century some women found the secret tunnel of Coupar Angus Abbey near the entrance to the churchyard. One went in and was never seen again; however, in 1982 a local mason found the entrance again and went in some distance before finding a cave-in. It is said that the tunnel ran a further two and a half miles to a souterrain at Pitcur. Fingask Castle has underground passages, still partly open in 1766, said to run to Kinnaird Castle, two kilometres away. A ley tunnel is said to run under the Tay between the hospital of Seggieden and the nunnery at Elcho. Newton Castle in Blairgowrie is said to have a tunnel that runs to Ardblair. Ashintully Castle in Strathadle and Glenshee has a tunnel linking it to its predecessor, Whitefield Castle. In the Weem area, Saint David's Well is said to have a cave beneath it which connects with another cave at Loch Glassie, two kilometres away. At Monzievaird Castle in Strathearn a secret tunnel is said to run from the castle to the Turret Burn.
Near Moniaive in Dumfries and Galloway a tunnel is said to have run from under the Caitloch bridge over the Dalwhat Water to Caitloch House, some distance away. The tunnel is said to have been used by Covenanters evading the king's dragoons during those troubled days and is now blocked.
Brodick Castle on the Isle of Arran had a tunnel which apparently ran down to the shore in Brodick Bay. Circa 1920 the duchess was renovating the castle and had a hollow-sounding section of wall opened up. This work quickly ceased when a story was remembered of two plague victims in the 18th century having been walled up in an old tunnel after they were first covered in quicklime and rubble.
Alexander Gordon in 1726 records that at Ardoch Roman Fort near Dunblane in Perth and Kinross a subterranean passage was said to run from the fort, under the River Tay to the fort or 'Keir' on Grinnin Hill. This tunnel is said to contain a great deal of treasure as recorded in these lines;
England.
At Furness Abbey a tunnel has been said to run underneath the Abbey to both Piel Castle and Dalton Castle. This was said to be how the monks travelled to and from each monument to receive foodstuffs and keep watch upon the towns. It has also been rumoured that the Holy Grail and King John’s missing jewels, are actually hidden somewhere inside.
Richmond Castle in North Yorkshire stands in an impressive cliff-top position overlooking the River Swale. A potter named Thompson is said to have discovered a tunnel entrance at the bottom of this cliff. Following it deep into the hillside, he came to a large cavern where slept King Arthur and his knights around the famous Round Table. On the table lay an ancient horn and a mighty sword. Thompson reached out and picked up the horn, but the sleepers began to awake and, fearing for his life, the potter fled. As he raced down the tunnel back to daylight and safety, he heard a voice behind him declare:
The tunnel appears to have been well known, though the cave remains hidden. A second story tells how this subterranean passage is supposed to run from the Castle to nearby Easby Abbey. Some soldiers once sent a drummer-boy along it to test the theory and followed the sound of his drum almost halfway to the Abbey. Then the drumming stopped and the boy was never seen alive again, but his ghost is said to haunt the tunnel, from where a slow drumbeat is still sometimes heard. A memorial stone marks the spot at which the drum beat was last heard. It is believed that the legendary tunnel was constructed in medieval times as an escape route to the castle for the abbot and canons of the abbey in case of an attack from the Scots, who were continually making raids into the northern counties of England.
A smugglers' tunnel is said to run from Smugglers' Farm in Herstmonceux, Sussex to the Pevensey Marshes, a good distance away.
A whole network of secret Knights Templar tunnels is said to run beneath Hertford Castle, running to Dinsley and other local places.
A 'secret tunnel' exists at Pevensey Castle in East Sussex, although not open for public access. It links the keep with the former market square and is thought to be Norman in origin; it was reused during the Second World War.
A series of tunnels are said to lie beneath Glastonbury Tor. The most famous tale is about a tunnel from Glastonbury Abbey to the Tor. At one time some thirty monks were rumoured to have entered the Tor via this tunnel, but only three came out again, and two of them were insane and one was struck dumb. Another widely believed legend is that of a long-distance tunnel leading from the crypt of the Lady (or Galilee) Chapel, under the River Brue to a distant point, possibly to the village of Street, where a passage exists from an outlying building in the grounds of the old manor house. A dog is said to have been put into the tunnel at Street and found his way out at the Glastonbury end.
A tunnel is said to run from King's College Chapel to Granchester Manor, Cambridge, passing under the river Cam.
Evidence of tunnels has recently been found beneath Saint Luke's, Leek's old church, reinforcing legends of a ley tunnel running from the church to Dieulacresse abbey.
A tunnel is said to run from Newbury Town Hall to St Nicolas Church. This belief may have started because there are east-west flowing brick Victorian service tunnels running from roughly the Newbury arcade towards this church; these were exposed to the public's gaze during construction work. A tunnel is also said to run from Newbury Castle (400 ft above sea level) and Shaw House (260 ft, thus 140 ft below it). The point of entry is said to be a hollow space (now blocked) in the south-east angle of the enclosure. In 1930 workmen investigated the legend by excavating the entrance, but found nothing.
At Necton in East Anglia a tunnel is said to run from the restored 14th-century church of All Saints to Necton Hall, in possession of the Mason family since the time of Henry VII.
The first of a number of legendary tunnels under Norwich leads from the Castle (TM232085) to the Guildhall (TM231085) near the market-place, erected 1407-13 on the site of the old tollhouse. It still has a 14th-century vault below it that was the crypt (and prison) of the former building. A second tunnel (in which a pig was once lost) heads from the Castle for Carrow Priory (TM242073 area), a Benedictine nunnery whose scant 12th century remains on the outskirts of Norwich are incorporated into a residence of the Colman family, near the junction of King Street and Bracondale. The third tunnel from the Castle ran to the Norman cathedral to the north-east (TM235089), begun in 1096 by Bishop Herbert de Losinga and finally consecrated in 1101-2. Yet another subterranean way links the Castle with the Crown Derby near the Guildhall.
At Norwich Cathedral another tunnel begins, running for about nine miles to the ruins of St Benet's Abbey (TG383157) on the marshes at Ludham. A much shorter one, allegedly used by monks, was said to run from the cathedral to Samson & Hercules House. The Anglia Restaurant in Prince's Street has a splendid groined crypt for a cellar, and two tunnels from here are said to lead to the cathedral and to St. Andrew's Hall. Monks supposedly used a tunnel from the cellars of the Shrub House at the corner of Charing Cross Street to the site of St. Benedict's Gates.
In early January 1644, Cromwell sent his forces to Norwich to demand the surrender of a small group of Royalists, whom he heard to be present at the Maid's Head Hotel. According to legend, as the Parliamentarians entered the hotel, the Royalists retreated through a secret tunnel, stretching steel ropes across the way behind them. Many of Cromwell's men (and their horses) were beheaded as they raced through the tunnel in pursuit, and this incident is used to explain the sound of ghostly hoofbeats often heard emanating from under the ground around the Cathedral Close.
One smugglers' tunnel was rumoured to run from Kinson, now a Bournemouth suburb, to the coast some four miles away.
In the 19th century, it was said that an underground passage ran from the remains of the 12th century Gisborough Priory, immediately south of Guisborough parish church, to a field that lay in the parish of Tocketts. Halfway along was said to be a chest of gold guarded by a raven or crow. In Cleveland almost every old castle and ruined monastery has its legend of a subterranean passage leading therefrom, which someone has penetrated to a certain distance, and has seen an iron chest, supposed to be full of gold, on which was perched a raven. The raven may suggest a Scandinavian origin of the legends.
Bracknell's Old Manor is a beautiful 17th century brick manor house complete with priest hole. It is said to have secret passages connecting to various locations.
Droitwich Spa is said to have a passageway that leads from St Augustine’s church, Dodderhill, to Friar Street in the town centre. A system of tunnels is said to run from there to St Augustine’s and St Andrew’s churches.
The story that Thomas Becket fled from Northampton Castle is a well documented part of 12th century history, but how the persecuted Archbishop of Canterbury managed to flee from the fortress remains a mystery. One myth is that he fled from the clutches of Henry II through a tunnel that linked the castle to All Saints Church in Mercers Row.
At Binham Priory in Norfolk a fiddler entered the tunnel which ran beneath the building and could be heard for some distance before all sound of him suddenly ceased. The fiddler was never seen again.
The rhyme below dates from the 17th century and recalls the tradition that a tunnel connects what is now Syon House with the friary of Sheen at Richmond in Surrey, a considerable distance away.
The origin of the legend remains a mystery.
In Leicestershire a subterranean passage is said to connect a nunnery which once stood near the Humber Stone with Leicester Abbey. In the cellars under Leicester Castle a witch known as 'Black' or 'Cat Anna' is said to have lived. She is said to have journeyed to the Dane Hills through an underground passage.
Wales.
Local legend states that a tunnel connects the now ruined Court Farm with the nearby church in Pembrey, South Wales.
Ireland.
In Lurgan a tunnel supposedly went from Brownlow House to the local police station, the courthouse and to the church in the middle of the town. Another tunnel was from Soyes Mill to Lurgan Castle. One explanation for the Brownlow tunnel was that Lord Brownlow had a very over protective wife, and after many years of a good marriage, things went sour, so Brownlow had this tunnel dug so he would be able to exit the castle after dark without his wife's finding out. Once out, he would go on the hunt for some Lurgan lassies, book a room at the Ashburn Hotel, then leave early in the morning to get back in time for breakfast at the castle with his wife. Lakafinna, to the South of Bullaun, has a castle and local folklore relates that a tunnel exists between this castle and the village of Ballyara.
Denmark.
In the city of Aalborg a tunnel is said to have run from the convent under the fjord to another convent near Sundby. This tunnel had branches which ran to an old bridge, two churches and to the castle of Aalborghus. A student once tried to explore the tunnels with a long cord, a sword and a light. The broken cord was retrieved, but the student was never seen again.
Ukraine.
A mysterious tunnel said to run to Kniazh Hill was used during emergencies by the Semashko Princes and other owners of Gubkiv Castle, the powerful princes Danylovych. This tunnel, it is said, starts near the deep well in the castle yard.
Subterranean passages.
Tunnels differ from most of the numerous examples of actual secret passages and the like in that they are usually very long. Many examples of extensive underground passages do actually exist, built for a variety of purposes. However, they often lack a link with churches, aristocracy, or some historical event and do not necessarily involve prominent buildings.
An exception is the tunnel that is said to run from the 'bottomless' Saint Michael's Cave in Gibraltar continuing under the Strait of Gibraltar and exiting in Morocco, Africa.
Drains, sewers and water supplies.
Drains, sewers and water supply tunnels often have a more than superficial resemblance to pedestrian tunnels and have added to legends of mysterious passages of secretive and ambiguous purposes.
An example of a medieval building with many subterranean passages is Prague Castle. In the Middle Ages underground passages were dug out mainly for purposes of defence. Later drainage conduits transported waste water to the foot of the castle wall and then let it fall freely over the slope of the bare cliff face into the bed of the Brusnice stream. The inhabitants of the castle complained of the smell of the slope, so the conduits were extended to the Brusnice stream. One leads from Hradcany Square and the other, known as the castle passage, from the second castle courtyard to the bottom of the Deer Moat.
At Paisley Abbey in Scotland, few of the original monastic buildings survived into the 20th century, so landscaping of the area around the church in 1990 provided an ideal opportunity to investigate the positions of those now "lost" channels. The main drain, which would have brought fresh water into the complex and taken away the effluents, would have acted as the spinal column of the buildings. Local knowledge led to the rediscovery of a substantial medieval drain with fine stonework and enough space for a person to walk through.
In Exeter, South Devon, medieval tunnels dating from the 14th century under the High Street are a unique ancient monument. The tunnels were built to house the pipes that brought fresh water to the city. These underground passages have long exercised a fascination over local people, bringing stories of buried treasure, secret escape routes, passages for nuns and priests—even a ghost on a bicycle. Their purpose was simple: to bring clean drinking water from natural springs in fields lying outside the walled city through lead pipes into the heart of the city.
Siege mines or tunnels.
Such tunnels may have led to the creation and survival of local legends of subterranean passages. An example of a well documented tunnels is the one dug at St Andrews in Scotland. Cardinal Beaton in March 1546, had the Protestant preacher, George Wishart, burnt at the stake in front of his castle walls and this was subsequently used as a pretext for Beaton's murder at the hands of local Protestant lairds who captured the castle by stealth. A long siege followed on the orders of the Regent, the Earl of Arran, but by November 1546 this had resulted in a stalemate. A determined effort to undermine the walls of the castle via a spacious tunnel large enough to take pack animals was intercepted, after several false starts, by the defenders. They dug a low, narrow and twisting countermine through the rock that eventually broke into the mine itself.
Escape tunnels.
Many medieval buildings are said to have had escape tunnels, secret by nature and hence likely to be the stuff of myth, legend and exaggeration. One example is the escape tunnel running from Maynooth Castle with its exit at the tower in Laraghbryan. A short escape tunnel has been located at Loudoun Castle in Ayrshire, Scotland, which leads from the old kitchens to a 'tunnel-like' bridge over a burn. Other escape tunnels were longer, such as at Nottingham Castle, where the young king Edward III was imprisoned by Roger de Mortimer, 1st Earl of March. In 1330 a small group of armed supporters of Edward III used a secret passage to attack Mortimer. The attackers entered through a long, winding secret passage which led directly into the castle, allowing them to surprise and capture Mortimer, releasing the king, who was unharmed.
Smugglers' tunnels.
Many villages on the southern coast of England have a local legend of a smugglers' tunnel; the entrances to most of the actual smuggler's tunnels have been lost or bricked up.
Some tunnel stories turn out to be very plausible, such as the tunnel at Hayle in Cornwall which really does seem to have been built specifically for smuggling. More modern tunnels can be found along New England's coast. Many were built to avoid paying Thomas Jefferson's imports on Customs in 1801. The best examples of which are the Derby Tunnels in Salem, Ma which extends three miles from various wharfs to an underground train station. These were used during the Underground Railroad by Charles Lenox Remond to move runaway slaves to freedom.In other instances the tunnel either doubles as a storm drain or some other functional channel, or else is an extension of a natural fissure in the rock, as at Methleigh and Porthcothan.
Beith in North Ayrshire was a notorious haunt of smugglers at one time, and legend has it that a tunnel ran from the town centre down to Kilbirnie Loch.

</doc>
<doc id="19330521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330521" title="Movatn Station">
Movatn Station

Movatn Station () is an unmanned railway station on Gjøvikbanen at Movatn in Maridalen, Oslo, Norway. The station is located about 19 km from Oslo S between Snippen and Nittedal and was first opened in 1900 as a crossing track, two years ahead of the opening of Gjøvikbanen.
In 1927 the station was upgraded with a station building and converted to a manned station reserved for passengers and freight. In 1935 Movatn was officially designated a station. The station became remote controlled in 1971, and the following year it became unmanned. In 1975 the station building was demolished.
The station lies at an altitude of 271.8 m AMSL and now has a small shack to protect waiting passengers. It has parking spaces for ten cars.

</doc>
<doc id="19330526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330526" title="Félix Grimonprez">
Félix Grimonprez

Félix Grimonprez (June 30, 1910 – May 26, 1940) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lille.
In 1928 he was part of the French field hockey team which was eliminated in the groups stage of the 1928 Olympic tournament. He played all three matches as forward and scored one goal.
Eight years later he was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19330533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330533" title="List of venerable people (Roman Catholic)">
List of venerable people (Roman Catholic)

In the Roman Catholic Church's Latin rite, "The Venerable" is the style used for a person who has been posthumously declared "heroic in virtue" during the investigation and process leading to canonization as a saint.
The following is an incomplete list of people declared to be venerable. The list is in alphabetical order by Christian name but, if necessary, by surname or the place or attribute part of the name.

</doc>
<doc id="19330545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330545" title="Second Chance (musical)">
Second Chance (musical)

Second Chance is a rock opera conceived by Stéphane Prémont and Frédérick Desroches about high schoolers not-so-easy life. The central character, Johnny, sees his life turn sour because of rumors, betrayal and bad communication. The story deals with suicide, anorexia, drugs and teen pregnancy. It is based on his first play entitled "Holding Out for Hero", presented in 1994. He started composing the musical version of the show in 2008, and the finished product was ready later that year, in August. The original run started on March 15, 2009. A french production opened in February 2010 at the Quebec City Salle Dina-Belanger. It was the first professional production of the show.
Stéphane Prémont recently received the "Personnel Engagé" Prize at the "Forces Avenir" gala presented June 14, 2008 at the Capitole's Cabaret in Quebec City.
Productions.
The original run of the musical played at the 400-seats Externat Saint-Jean-Eudes' Auditorium under the name Second Chance. The show was performed 9 times between March 15, 2009 and March 21, 2009. Stephane Prémont and Émilie Desgagnés directed the production, François Ouellet designed the lighting and Jean-François "Frisco" Roy was the sound engineer. Roxanne Rondeau, Justine Bilodeau, Sarah Morin and Valerie Goulet-Marceau were choreographer, while Genevieve Brousseau was the vocal arranger.
A new production opened in February 2010 in Quebec City. There were several major changes in the plot, including the translation of the show in French by Alexandre Martel and the show's name changed for "Au Pied du Mur". It was a two week run at the Salle Dina-Bélanger. Jean-Pierre Cloutier, "Conservatoire d'art dramatique de Québec" alumni, will direct the new production.
Synopsis.
"Waiting for the authors' approbation"
Official website.
Au Pied du Mur

</doc>
<doc id="19330546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330546" title="The Standard State Zoning Enabling Act">
The Standard State Zoning Enabling Act

The basic foundation for planning and zoning in the U.S. was laid by two standard state enabling acts published by the U.S. Department of Commerce in the 1920s. For many states, the Standard Acts, as they are known, still supply the institutional structure, although some procedural and substantive components may have changed.
The first, A Standard State Zoning Enabling Act (SZEA), was developed by an advisory committee on zoning appointed by Secretary of Commerce (and later President) Herbert Hoover in 1921. After several revisions, the United States Government Printing Office published the first printed edition in May 1924, and a revised edition in 1926.
The SZEA had nine sections. It included a grant of power, a provision that the legislative body could divide the local government's territory into districts, a statement of purpose for the zoning regulations, and procedures for establishing and amending the zoning regulations. A legislative body was required to establish a zoning commission to advise it on the initial development of zoning regulations.
In March 1927, a preliminary edition of the second model, A Standard City Planning Enabling Act (SCPEA), was released, and a final version was published in 1928. The SCPEA covered six subjects:
New York City precedent.
The first Standard State Zoning Enabling Act, (or "SZEA") was written by a New York City commission headed by Edward Bassett and signed by Mayor John Purroy Mitchel in 1916 to regulate buildings and land usage in New York City. It was brought forth as part of the reaction to the construction of the Equitable Building which still stands at 120 Broadway. The building towered over the neighboring residences, completely covering all available land area within the property boundary, blocking windows of neighboring buildings and diminishing the availability of sunshine for the people in the affected area. These laws became the blueprint for zoning in the rest of the United States, because they were accepted almost without change by most states. 
The setback code led to adoption of styles such as that of the Chrysler Building and Empire State Building with tiered architecture in its top floors. The effect of the zoning regulations on the shape of skyscrapers was famously illustrated by architect and illustrator Hugh Ferriss.
By the 1960s, many architects had responded to the code by adopting the plaza style of architecture, in which vertical buildings rose from the middle of a concrete plaza, such as the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19330550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330550" title="Marakwet East Constituency">
Marakwet East Constituency

Marakwet East is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies of Marakwet District. The constituency has eleven wards, all of which elect councillors for the Marakwet County Council. The constituency was established for the 1992 Elections as Kerio East constituency, and was renamed to its current form for the 1997 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19330551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330551" title="MEC (media agency)">
MEC (media agency)

MEC is the fifth largest media agency network in the world, with domestic and international clients generating global billings of $20 billion. MEC, which is headquartered in London and New York, employing 4,000 people worldwide. It is a founding partner in GroupM, the WPP Group media investment management operation. Its core business is media buying and media planning but as the media landscape has become more complex it has diversified its capabilities.
Corporate history.
MEC was launched in January 2002 following WPP’s acquisition of CIA’s parent company, Tempus Group. The global media agency network was formed through the merger of The Media Edge and CIA, bringing together CIA’s 57 offices across 28 countries and The Media Edge’s 103 offices 78 countries to form one global group.
Since 2002, MEC has grown to include 150 offices in 80 countries and has expanded its client offering with new business units such as MEC Interaction, MEC Access and Analytics & Insight.
In 2010, the agency officially changed its name from Mediaedge:cia to MEC, something it has informally been referred to for years.

</doc>
<doc id="19330554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330554" title="Étienne Guibel">
Étienne Guibel

Étienne Guibel (born August 7, 1905, date of death unknown) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played one match as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19330556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330556" title="Canton of Argueil">
Canton of Argueil

The Canton of Argueil is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and forestry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Argueil. The altitude varies from 53m (Croisy-sur-Andelle) to 231m (Beauvoir-en-Lyons) with an average altitude of 160m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Argueil comprises 14 communes and a total of 4,574 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19330567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330567" title="Harshavarman I">
Harshavarman I

Harshavarman I (; died in 923) was an Angkorian king who reigned in 910–923 CE. He is mentioned by David P. Chandler, who is one of the foremost western scholars of Cambodia's modern history.
Family.
Harshavarman was a son of King Yasovarman I and his Queen, who was a sister of Jayavarman IV.
Grandparents of Harshavarman were King Indravarman I and his wife Indradevi.
Harshavarman had a younger brother, Ishanavarman II.
His queen was Kambujarajalakshmi. They were the maternal grandparents of Jayavarman VII.
His grandson was Yajnavaraha. He was a knowledgeable teacher.
Biography.
Following his death, Yasovarman was succeeded by Harshavarman. 
The reigns of Harshavarman and his younger brother marked a period of instability for the Khmer Empire. Both brothers were involved in a power struggle with their maternal uncle, Jayavarman IV, a conflict that lasted for Harshavarman’s entire reign. Jayavarman was eventually driven out of Angkor to set up his own capital about 100 km away during the reign of Ishanavarman.
Nothing else is known about Harshavarman other than that he constructed the small temple-mountain of Baksei Chamkrong at the foot of Phnom Bakheng which he dedicated to his parents. 
He died in 923 and was succeeded by Ishanavarman.

</doc>
<doc id="19330586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330586" title="Fulke Greville (1717–1806)">
Fulke Greville (1717–1806)

Fulke Greville (1717–1806) of Wilbury, Newton Toney, Wiltshire was the son of Algernon Greville and Mary daughter and coheir of Lord Arthur Somerset, the youngest son of Henry Somerset, 1st Duke of Beaufort. His father was a son of Fulke Greville, 5th Baron Brooke. 
His wife was the poet Frances Greville, daughter and coheir of James Macartney, Irish MP for Longford and Granard. They eloped on 26 January 1748. They had several children, including:
He served as Member of Parliament for Monmouth Boroughs from 1747 to 1754. In 1765, he was appointed envoy extraordinary to the Elector of Bavaria and minister Plenipotentiary to the Imperial Diet of Ratisbon. 
He was author of "Maxims Characters and Reflections" (1756). 
He served as High Sheriff of Wiltshire in 1744.

</doc>
<doc id="19330599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330599" title="Lična karta">
Lična karta

Lična karta or lichna karta (Cyrillic: Лична карта) is a South Slavic (Serbian, Bosnian, Montenegrin, Macedonian and Bulgarian) term literally meaning "personal card" and may refer to the national identity cards of any of the following countries and territories:

</doc>
<doc id="19330608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330608" title="1990 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1990 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1990 Individual Speedway World Championship. The Final was held at the Odsal Stadium in Bradford, England. It would be the 28th and last time the World Final would be held in England under the traditional single meeting format.
World final.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19330612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330612" title="Neubaulokomotive">
Neubaulokomotive

The German term Neubaulokomotive specifically refers to those steam locomotives which were newly designed and built, either for the Deutsche Bundesbahn in West Germany or the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany, after the Second World War.
Concept.
The term "Neubaulokomotive" or "Neubaulok" was chosen to distinguish these locomotives from the standard steam locomotives built by the pre-war Deutsche Reichsbahn in Germany, the so-called "Einheitsdampflokomotiven" or "Einheitsloks". 
The main differences were the welded plate frames instead of bar frames and more powerful boilers with combustion chambers. The locomotives which were newly developed by the Bundesbahn stand out visually from their Reichsbahn and former state railway ("Länderbahnen") counterparts, particularly because of their shiny, silver-coloured boiler rings.
DB locomotives.
The DB "Neubauloks" were:
DR locomotives.
The "Neubauloks" of the former Deutsche Reichsbahn in the GDR were:

</doc>
<doc id="19330658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330658" title="High-dimensional statistics">
High-dimensional statistics

In statistical theory, the field of high-dimensional statistics studies data whose dimension is larger than dimensions considered in classical multivariate analysis. High-dimensional statistics relies on the theory of random vectors. In many applications, the dimension of the data vectors may be larger than the sample size.
History.
Traditionally, statistical inference considers a probability model for a population and considers data that arose as a sample from the population. For many problems, the estimates of the population characteristics ("parameters") can be substantially refined (in theory) as the sample size increases toward infinity. A traditional requirement of estimators is consistency, that is, the convergence to the unknown true value of the parameter.
In 1968, A.N.Kolmogorov proposed another setting of statistical problems and another setting for the asymptotics, in which the dimension of variables "p" increases along with the sample size "n" so that the ratio "p"/"n" tends to a constant. It was called the “increasing dimension asymptotics” or “the Kolmogorov asymptotics” Kolmogorov's approach makes it possible to isolate many principal terms of error probabilities and of standard measures of the quality of estimators (quality functions) for large "p" and "n".
Recently, researchers are more interested in even larger dimension cases, e.g. formula_1, where <math>0. This field emerges from the need of extracting meaningful information from many different areas.
Mathematical theory.
Extensive mathematical investigations were carried out that resulted in the creation of systematic theory for improved and asymptotically unimprovable versions of multivariate statistical procedures (see 
references at ). A special parameter "G" that is a function of the fourth moments of variables 
was found having the property that a small value of "G" produces a number of specifically many-parametric phenomena. For increasing "p" and "n" so that "p"/"n" tends to a constant and "G" → 0, the principal terms of rotation invariant functionals occurring in statistics prove to be dependent on only the first two moments of variables. Under "n" and "p" tending to infinity, "p"/"n" → "y" > 0, and "G" → 0, these functionals have vanishing variance and converge to constants that represent the limit value of empirical means and
variances. As a consequence, some stable integral relations are produced between functions of parameters and functions of observable variables. They were called “stochastic canonical equations” or “dispersion equations”. Using them one can express the principle parts of standard quality functions of regularized multivariate statistical procedures as functions of only observed variables. This provides 
the possibility of choosing better procedures and finding asymptotically unimprovable solutions.
Current developments.
High-dimensional statistics has been the focus of many seminars and workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="19330663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330663" title="London Jazz Festival">
London Jazz Festival

The London Jazz Festival (LJF) is a London-wide music festival held every November. It takes place in a variety of London venues, including larger concert halls—such as the Barbican and the Royal Festival Hall—and smaller jazz clubs, such as Ronnie Scott's and Vortex. It is produced by the creative company Serious in association with BBC Radio 3.
History.
Camden Jazz Festival.
In the 1970s, the London Borough of Camden added a Jazz Week to their long-established Camden Festival. Over the following fifteen or more years, the 'Camden Jazz Weeks' were held at several venues around the borough—the Roundhouse, Shaw Theatre, Logan Hall, Bloomsbury Theatre, the Forum—both as part of the spring Festival, and in some years, adding an Autumn week as well. Although the 'Capital Jazz Festival' brought the familiar round of touring American stars to the city in the summer, Camden Jazz occupied an essential place in the London jazz scene, introducing key international figures including many of the emerging Europeans, and always committed to UK artists, with an active commissioning policy.
New direction.
By the early nineties, the Camden Festival was no more, and although the Borough continued to support the Jazz Week for a few years, it became clear that a new direction had to be found in the light of changing budgets and priorities. With the active support of London Arts Board (now Arts Council England, London), the production company Serious—who had for some years produced the Camden weeks—engineered a transition that saw the evolution of a London Jazz Festival. Taking the mix of international and British artists—and a commitment to education activity—that had been at the heart of the Camden weeks, the new Festival began to spread its wings, with the intention of celebrating the place of jazz in a city which was becoming at ease with its rich cultural diversity, and drawing in the venues across London that present music throughout the year.
The Festival today.
Over the years, the Festival has made a steady transition from north London to London-wide, and from May to its present November slot, to establish today’s multi-faceted ten-day event as not only one of the city’s key music Festivals, but as one of the major international jazz events. The highlights have been many—each year brings its own character and momentum, and the riches of the Festival can as easily be found in a packed club as in the concert hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19330680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330680" title="2007 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles">
2007 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles

Ashley Fisher and Tripp Phillips were the defending champions, but Phillips chose not to participate, and only Fisher competed that year.
Fisher partnered with Jim Thomas, but lost in the semifinals to Jordan Kerr and Robert Lindstedt.
Jordan Kerr and Robert Lindstedt won in the final 6–4, 6–4, against Frank Dancevic and Stephen Huss.

</doc>
<doc id="19330710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330710" title="Doug Cox (musician)">
Doug Cox (musician)

Doug Cox (born in 1962 or 1963) is a multi-instrumentalist, composer and music programmer, and is currently signed to Toronto's NorthernBlues Music.
He is well known for his skills on the dobro and slide guitar. Cox is the first person from Canada to perform in the Dobrofest.
Cox collaborated with Todd Butler and produced the CD, "Dobro and Guitar", which received a nomination from the Western Canadian Music Awards for "best roots music". The CD was also named "CD of the year" at the Vancouver Island Music Festival.
Cox currently resides on Vancouver Island, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19330721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330721" title="Rod Thomas (English footballer)">
Rod Thomas (English footballer)

Rod Thomas (born October 10, 1970) is an English former footballer. At just 14, he was being hailed as 'the next Pelé' while in Watford's youth set-up, however by 23, he was playing for in the fourth tier.

</doc>
<doc id="19330735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330735" title="Soongsil University">
Soongsil University

Soongsil University (SSU) is a private Christian university in South Korea. The campus is located in 369 Sangdo-ro, Dongjak-gu, Seoul.
History.
Soongsil University was founded on October 10, 1897 in Pyongyang as a private school by William M. Baird, a missionary of the Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A. Board of Foreign Missions. In 1900 the school was developed into an official 4-year junior high school. In October 1901 the school was named "Soongsil Hakdang" (, "Soongsil Academy"). The name, "Soongsil" (), roughly means "Revering ( "soong") with Truth and Integrity ( "sil")".
In 1905 the academy established courses for students. In 1906 the academy again was permitted by presbyterian and methodist missionary bodies to establish a university department. The academy was called Union Christian College (합성숭실대학), which was later authorized as a university by the Korean government in 1907. 
In 1925 the school was forcibly reduced to a 4-year technical school of humanities (named , pronounced "Sūjitsu Senmon Gakkō" in Japanese). On March 4, 1938 the school closed itself in order to protest against the enforcement of Shinto shrine worship.
In August 1945 Korea was liberated from Japanese colonialism, but the effort to restore the Soongsil College did not succeed until after the end of the Korean War. In April 1954 Soongsil College was reestablished in South Korea and in June 1957 it moved to the present-day Sangdo-dong Campus. In 1971 the College was merged with Daejun College ( (not to be confused with present-day Daejeon University) into Soongjun College (). In December 1971 the College acquired a university status. In December 1982, Daejeon Campus of Soongjun University was separated and renamed Hannam University. In November 1986, Soongjun University was renamed Soongsil University.
Reputation.
As most universities in Seoul, Soongsil University is a prominent university in South Korea. To enter Soongsil, students are required to be in the top 7-12% group of the university entry exam. Soongsil's IT sector and business school is especially strong. The first computer science department in Korea was founded here and the department is currently ranked second in Korea after Seoul National University in the field of computer science. According to "JoongAng Ilbo", a Korean newspaper, as of 2011 it ranked 22nd overall in the national rankings. Also in 2012 and 2013 it was the 16th university with the biggest number of graduates with a CPA.

</doc>
<doc id="19330816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330816" title="Mem Shannon">
Mem Shannon

Mem Shannon (born 21 December 1959, New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American blues musician. He is currently signed to Toronto's NorthernBlues Music. Shannon is a former taxi-cab driver turned bluesman.
Personal life.
Early life.
Shannon played both clarinet and guitar by the age of fifteen, due to being inspired by his father's collection of blues records. However, he started seriously practicing only after seeing B.B. King.
Career.
Beginnings.
After playing in local bands for several years and enjoying local success, his father died in 1981 and he took a job driving a cab in order to help his family pay bills. His music career was put on hold until 1990, when he began playing in local clubs at the urging of his former bassist and co-founder of Mem Shannon and the Membership, Peter V. Carter of New Orleans
In the early 1990s, he formed a group called Mem Shannon and the Membership, who won a spot playing at the 1991 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival. Later in 1991, they competed for a spot at the Long Beach Blues Festival, but lost in the final round of the talent contest and did not get to appear.
First album and beyond.
In 1995, after being impressed with a demo tape that Shannon had recorded, Joe Boyd of Hannibal Records contacted Shannon, and his first album, "A Cab Driver's Blues", was released on October 15, 1995. Songs on the album featured snippets of actual conversations from his customers while in the cab.
In April 1996, Shannon announced that he was giving up driving his cab in order to make playing music his full-time job.
His song "S.U.V." (2002), won "Living Blues" magazine's Critics Poll Song of the Year, as well as receiving a Blues Music Awards nomination for song of the year.
Shannon appeared as himself in the 2008 novel, "Bad Moon Rising" by Jonathan Maberry. He is one of several real-world celebrities who are in the fictional town of Pine Deep when monsters attack. Other celebrities included Tom Savini, Jim O'Rear, Brinke Stevens, Ken Foree, Stephen Susco, Debbie Rochon, James Gunn and Joe Bob Briggs. Shannon's name and persona appear coincidentally in two horror novels: "Fat White Vampire Blues" by Andrew Fox and the aforementioned "Bad Moon Rising".

</doc>
<doc id="19330820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330820" title="Thieves' Carnival">
Thieves' Carnival

Le Bal des Voleurs ("Thieves' Carnival") is a play written by French playwright Jean Anouilh, first staged at Théâtre des Arts, Paris on 17 August 1938.
Later productions.
"Thieves' Carnival" was presented on the televised series Play of the Week in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19330837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330837" title="Thomas Farnall">
Thomas Farnall

Thomas Farnall (1874–1927), popularly known as Tot Farnall, was an English professional footballer who made 70 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half for Small Heath and Bradford City. He played in Bradford City's first ever league game, in a 2–0 defeat at Grimsby Town, going on to play 25 games in the club's first season. He also played in the Southern League for Bristol Rovers and Watford.
Farnall was born and died in Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19330883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330883" title="Joost van Bellen">
Joost van Bellen

Joost van Bellen (born January 4, 1962, Leiden) is a Dutch electro DJ and event organizer. He is one of the longest playing and most influential DJs in The Netherlands and abroad. As resident DJ and artistic director of legendary club RoXY in Amsterdam (1991–1995), he was one of the Netherlands’ earliest proponents of house music. During the mid-eighties Joost van Bellen began running his own club nights of which OHAF, Fucque les Balles and Speedfreax are some of the most popular. He currently hosts the internationally celebrated Rauw (rhymes with “wow”, translation: raw), at Trouw Amsterdam, Tivoli in Utrecht, and Effenaar in Eindhoven. The night is known for pioneering new music, and has become the number one spot for artists including Erol Alkan, Boys Noize, Crookers, Headman, Larry Tee, Motor, Goose, Felix da Housecat, The Glimmers, Tommie Sunshine, Digitalism, Princess Superstar, and Soulwax.
Other work.
Van Bellen is also co-owner of events organization and creative branding agency Meubel Stukken, known for its extravagant parties.
Together with Richard Cameron (of Arling & Cameron), Van Bellen produces music under the name Cowgum. Following their hits “Filthy and Raw” and “Rollercoaster Rodeo”, the duo are currently working on an EP.
Joost van Bellen’s latest endeavor, together with DJ Sanyi, is Star Studded Studios, which produces sound scores and provides musical direction for fashion shows, including Diesel (European shows and New York Fashion Week), Marlies Dekkers, Tommy Hilfiger, Elle Style Awards, Elle Prêt-à-Porter, Lancôme Design Awards, Daryl van Wouw, and Björn Borg. Star Studded Studios is currently also working with young Dutch designers.

</doc>
<doc id="19330892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330892" title="Pomacanthus asfur">
Pomacanthus asfur

The Arabian angelfish ("Pomacanthus asfur") is a fish well known for its use in saltwater aquariums, even though it tends to be a shyer specimen compared to the other, sometimes aggressive, angelfish.
Description.
The Arabian angelfish grows to a maximum length of . The adult is generally dark greyish-black with a broad, crescent-shaped sash of yellow and a yellow tail. The dorsal fin has 12 spines and 19–20 soft rays and is elongated into filaments which trail behind the fish as it swims. The anal fin is also extended by filaments and has 3 spines and 18 to 20 soft rays. The pectoral fins have 17 to 18 rays. The juveniles have an altogether different appearance. They have a base colour of steely blue with a number of vertical, meandering stripes of white and pale blue.
Distribution and habitat.
The Arabian angelfish is found along the eastern coasts of Africa at depths up to . Its range extends from the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden to Zanzibar. It can be found also in the Persian Gulf. There are unconfirmed sightings of this species off the coast of Florida. Its habitat includes sheltered coastal reefs with hard and soft corals, rocky reefs, crevices and the mouths of caves. It is timid which makes it difficult to observe.
Biology.
The Arabian angelfish feeds predominately on tunicates and sponges. The eggs are laid singly on the seabed.

</doc>
<doc id="19330898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330898" title="List of Masterpiece Contemporary episodes">
List of Masterpiece Contemporary episodes

This is the list of "Masterpiece Contemporary" episodes in chronological order.
Episodes.
This lists the titles of the individual miniseries. Some ran for only one episode, many ran for two or more installments. The following lists them according to original season, and then in alphabetical order.
In early 2008, "Masterpiece Theatre" and its affiliated program "Mystery!" were reformatted as "Masterpiece." "Masterpiece" was aired as three different series. "Masterpiece Classic" aired in the winter and early spring, "Masterpiece Mystery!" in the late spring and summer, and "Masterpiece Contemporary" in the fall.
In late 2012, the show was reformatted again. Now, "Masterpiece" airs as two different series. "Masterpiece Classic" airs in the late fall, winter and early spring, and "Masterpiece Mystery!" airs in the late spring, summer, and early fall. "Masterpiece Contemporary" was discontinued after only four seasons.
For lists of episodes of the other two series, see List of Masterpiece Classic episodes, and List of Masterpiece Mystery! episodes. For older episodes of "Masterpiece Theatre", see List of Masterpiece Theatre episodes.
This list does not include any rebroadcasts of series, including those previously shown on "Masterpiece Theatre" or "Mystery!"

</doc>
<doc id="19330919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330919" title="Malagiri">
Malagiri

Malagiri is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="19330929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330929" title="Keiyo South Constituency">
Keiyo South Constituency

Keiyo South is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies of Keiyo District. The constituency has 15 wards, all of which elect councillors for the Keiyo County Council. The constituency was established for the 1969 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19330934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330934" title="Murtung">
Murtung

Murtung is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3363 persons living in 631 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19330945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330945" title="Stephen D. Ricks">
Stephen D. Ricks

Stephen David Ricks is a professor of Hebrew at Brigham Young University (BYU) and an author and co-author of several books and articles defending The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and its teachings.
Biography.
Ricks served as a missionary for the LDS Church in Switzerland. He received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley and Graduate Theological Union.
From 1988 to 1991 Ricks was the president of the Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies (FARMS) and from 1991 to 1997 he served as the chairman of FARMS board of directors. He was the founding editor of the "Journal of Book of Mormon Studies" serving as editor from 1992 to 1997.
From 1992 to 1996, Ricks also served as the associate dean of general education and honors at BYU.
Among Ricks's writings is "Joseph Smith and 'Majic': Methodological Reflection on the Use of a Term" (with Daniel C. Peterson) in Robert L. Millet, ed., "To Be Learned is Good if..." (Salt Lake City: Bookcraft, 1987). Ricks also co-authored "Who Shall Ascend into the Hill of the Lord?" with Legrand L. Baker. He edited "Warfare in the Book of Mormon" with William J. Hamblin and translated Klaus Vondung's "The Apocalypse in Germany" into English.
Ricks has been involved in promoting positive relations between the LDS Church and Jewish groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19330953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330953" title="Musikot">
Musikot

Musikot is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4033 persons living in 857 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19330954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330954" title="Paul Reddick">
Paul Reddick

Paul Reddick (born Lakefield, Ontario) is an award-winning Canadian blues singer, songwriter and harmonica player. 
History.
Paul Reddick began playing the harmonica at the age of twelve. In 1990, he formed The Sidemen, a blues band based out of Toronto, which toured and recorded until the early 2000s. The Sidemen's album "Rattlebag" (2001) was nominated for a Juno, as well as a W.C. Handy Award. In 2002, The Sidemen also won three Maple Blues Awards, including Album of the Year, and Songwriter of the Year. Reddick was also the 2008 Maple Blues Award winner as Songwriter of the Year.
Reddick's songs have been used in such feature films as "Two If by Sea", "Triggermen", "Niagara Motel" and "The Evel Knievel Story", in addition to the television series "Due South", "Dawson’s Creek", "15 Love" and "Madison". In 2006, the Coca Cola Company used the song "I'm A Criminal", from "Rattlebag", in a US commercial for Coca Cola Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="19330975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330975" title="Myal Pokhari">
Myal Pokhari

Myal Pokhari is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2282.

</doc>
<doc id="19330994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19330994" title="Nayagaun">
Nayagaun

Nayagaun is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4070 persons living in 818 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331003" title="Carl Aschan">
Carl Aschan

Carl Aschan (6 May 1906 – 27 July 2008) was a Swedish-born British intelligence officer and spy during World War II. Aschan later helped to track down some of Adolf Hitler's associates following the defeat of Nazi Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19331013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331013" title="Neta, Lumbini">
Neta, Lumbini

Neta is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2375 persons residing in 451 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331034" title="Palkikot">
Palkikot

Palkikot is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2085 persons living in 387 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331050" title="Paralmi">
Paralmi

Paralmi is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2945 persons living in 561 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331063" title="Robert Godshall">
Robert Godshall

Robert W. "Bob" Godshall (born May 15, 1933, Souderton, Pennsylvania) is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 53rd District and was elected in 1982.
Career.
In 1979, Godshall was elected Montgomery County Controller and served in that position until he was elected to the House in 1982.
For the 2009-10 legislative session, Godshall serves on the House Insurance and Rules Committees and is Republican chairman of the House Consumer Affairs Committee.
He serves on the Board of Trustees of the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia, which is a museum dedicated to the U.S. Constitution.
Personal.
Godshall is a graduate of Souderton High School. He graduated from Juniata College and attended but did not graduate from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School of Business.

</doc>
<doc id="19331072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331072" title="Canton of Aumale">
Canton of Aumale

The Canton of Aumale is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming, forestry and light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Aumale. The altitude varies from 76m (Vieux-Rouen-sur-Bresle) to 246m (Conteville with an average altitude of 187m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Aumale comprises 15 communes and a total of 6,979 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19331075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331075" title="Paudi Amarahi">
Paudi Amarahi

Paudi Amarahi is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4136 persons living in 742 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331093" title="Pipaldhara">
Pipaldhara

Pipaldhara is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2876 persons living in 593 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331108" title="Purkot Daha">
Purkot Daha

Purkot Daha is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3045 persons living in 583 individual households.
References.
purkot daha is not minicipality, it has village development commettee.

</doc>
<doc id="19331127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331127" title="Purtighat">
Purtighat

Purtighat is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2445 persons living in 436 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331140" title="Allen Klein (author)">
Allen Klein (author)

Allen Klein (born April 26, 1938) is a pioneer in gelotology and the therapeutic humor movement. He is an American author and lecturer on the stress relieving benefits of humor and on gallows humor. Klein was the 2005-2006 president of The Association for Applied and Therapeutic Humor.
Publications.
Klein has written 3 books on the therapeutic benefits of humor
In addition, he has edited several books of inspirational quotations. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="19331143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331143" title="Reemuwa">
Reemuwa

Reemuwa is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2487 persons living in 478 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331151" title="Rupakot Gulmi">
Rupakot Gulmi

Rupakot is a Village Development Committee (VDC) in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. Its headquarters is in Myal pokhara. It is located in about the center of Gulmi District. It is surrounded by hills. Its main religion is Hinduism. There are many temples like Shiddababa temple, Shiva Temple, Ram Temple etc. The main sources of revenue for the village are agriculture and foreign employment. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, it had a population of 3521 persons residing in 704 individual households. 76.48% of students attend school. The most populated part of this VDC is Damuka. 

</doc>
<doc id="19331158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331158" title="Mortaiolo">
Mortaiolo

Mortaiolo is a small resort town in the commune of Collesalvetti (province of Livorno, Italy), located near Vicarello.
The village, which has about 150 inhabitants, is located in a flat triangle between two rivers: the Scolmatore dell'Arno and River Tora.
The activity of those who reside in the area is agriculture.
An important contribution to the enhancement of the area was the Frescobaldi wine production, which owns a plantation called "The vineyards of Nugola" of over eighty hectares located in the small town, located in an old cottage near the river Tora.

</doc>
<doc id="19331159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331159" title="Ruru, Nepal">
Ruru, Nepal

Ruru is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3628.

</doc>
<doc id="19331160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331160" title="Nittedal Station">
Nittedal Station

Nittedal Station () is a railway station on the Gjøvik Line at Rotnes in Akershus county, Norway. The station was opened in 1900 as a stop for passengers and freight two years ahead of the opening of the Gjøvik Line in 1902.
In 1907 Nittedal was upgraded from a stop to a station manned to expedite trains, passengers and freight. In the years in between a station building was also erected that had been drawn by architect Paul Armin Due. In 1971, after almost 70 years of being in service the station became fully automatized and remote controlled.
Today the station is unmanned and furnished with ticket machines. Its elevation is 235.8 m AMSL and the distance to Oslo S is 24.26 km. The main building now serves as a café.
The station is reportedly haunted, and it was confirmed when the station was featured on the Norwegian television show "Åndenes Makt", a show about paranormal activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19331169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331169" title="Shantipur, Lumbini">
Shantipur, Lumbini

Shantipur is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1855 persons living in 364 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331183" title="Vischer Ferry Historic District">
Vischer Ferry Historic District

Vischer Ferry Historic District is a historic district in Saratoga County, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and its boundaries were increased in 1997. The district, located along the Erie Canal, contains several historic structures within the hamlet of Vischer Ferry. These include the Nicholas and Eldret Vischer House, dating from the mid-1700s.

</doc>
<doc id="19331184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331184" title="Simichaur">
Simichaur

Simichaur is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4811 persons living in 942 individual households. Almost 99% of the people are Hindus. There is a church in ranghbas. It has Christian population of around 20.
References.
Simichaur is a village development committee. it is touched with district headquarter Tamghas. There are different casts people . Those are Brahama, Chhetri, Magar, Dalits. Arjun is the top mountain of this VDC. Kalika temple, Devi Temple, Malika Temple, Arjun Temple, Juredhunga Temples are the main temples here. One Govt. Secondary School is here. Almost people are Hindues.
External links.
There are nine wards in this VDC. Amdanda village is touched with Chhatraganj VDC of Arghakhanchi District. Main developed village is Simichaur of this VDC. There are 90 percent people are of lower castes. Its a *UN map of the municipalities of Gulmi District

</doc>
<doc id="19331196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331196" title="Hong Shan">
Hong Shan

Coordinates:
Hong Shan, Hongshan or the Red Mountain (; Pinyin: Hóng Shān) is an inner city mountain in Ürümqi, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China. The mountain, sometimes referred to as a hill for its smaller size than a mountain in land form, is the symbolic scenic spot of Ürümqi. The local Ürümqi Television Station adopted the shape of Hong Shan in red as its logo.
Etymology.
As the rocks of the mountain reflect a bright red color, people call it Hong Shan ("Red Mountain" in Chinese). The red rocks are composed of dark purple sand gravel laid down during the Permian period. Hong Shan Mountain lies at the intersection of Hongshan Road (红山路) and Riverside Road (Hetan Road) (河滩路), Ürümqi, and is best viewed from Xi Daqiao Bridge.
History.
Hong Shan Park is in the center of Ürümqi and contains a 1391-meter-high mountain. The temple lying on the hilltop is called Yu Huang Ge ("Chamber of Heavenly King") and is said to have been built during the Tang Dynasty (618-907 A.D.), when many monks studied scripture there. Since then, this chamber has become a place of tourism for business people from Central Asia and tourists from all over the world. Yu Huang Ge was famous and prosperous until a riot in 1930 destroyed this popular chamber.
There is a nine-storey pagoda named Zhen Long Ta at the top of the mountain. It was built in Yuan Dynasty (1277-1367 A.D.). This 25-meter pagoda has been preserved carefully ever since it was built. When the nightfall or sunset begins, the pagoda is marvelous; this view used to be one of the eight most famous scenic spots in ancient Ürümqi.
Before the Chinese government began the cultivation-planting project in Xinjiang, the mountain was bare and emerged without any trees. In the 1950s, therefore, after several years of cultivation planting, the mountain gained a brand-new look; the hill today is covered with trees, and the mountain looks beautiful.

</doc>
<doc id="19331198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331198" title="Siseni">
Siseni

Siseni is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3851 persons living in 720 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331204" title="Thanpati">
Thanpati

Thanpati is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2797 persons living in 535 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331212" title="Thulo Lumpek">
Thulo Lumpek

Thulo Lumpek is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6175 persons living in 1020 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331217" title="Turang">
Turang

Turang is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4383 persons living in 1044 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331226" title="Wagla">
Wagla

Wagla is a village and VDC in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of Western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2736 persons living in 510 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19331236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331236" title="Wamitaksar">
Wamitaksar

Wamitaksar is a town and Village Development Committee in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6421.

</doc>
<doc id="19331239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331239" title="Signal 1">
Signal 1

Signal 1 is an Independent Local Radio station broadcasting from studios in Shelton, Stoke-on-Trent to Staffordshire and South, Central and East Cheshire. The station is owned by UTV Radio of which is ultimately owned by UTV Media. Signal 1 is home to Andy and Louise on Signal 1 Breakfast. It is also home to Chris Bovaird on Mid-Mornings and Martin Lowes on the Homerun . The station also broadcasts shows from Signal studios to other radio stations across the UTV radio group.
History.
The station began as Signal Radio which first broadcast at 6am, 5 September 1983, with DJ John Evington selecting Neil Diamond's "Beautiful Noise" as its first track. The station initially broadcast on 104.3 MHz and 1170 kHz (a wavelength of 257 metres, with the phrase "2 5 7" becoming a distinctive leitmotif), changing to 102.6 MHz soon after. The station's name is derived from "Signal" the name of the newspaper in Arnold Bennett's local novels.
In 1989, Signal Radio started a six-hour output on the new 96.4 Cheshire frequency. In early 1990, Signal also launched the new Stafford transmitter broadcasting on 96.9 FM. For a time this was a simple pick up relay for Signal Radio, however, in October 1990, a new service called Echo 96 started on the 96.4 and 96.9 frequencies. This operated as an alternative AOR station. In 1991 both KFM and Echo 96 Cheshire were rebranded as Signal Cheshire, broadcasting on 96.4 FM and 104.9 FM. This meant Echo 96 was only running on the 96.9 Stafford transmitter. However, by the end of 1991, Echo 96 had become Signal Stafford which later morphed into an opt out service of Signal 1. In 2000 the 96.4 transmitter also returned to Signal 1 from Imagine FM, previously Signal Cheshire. Nowadays, apart from split ads, all transmitters carry the same programming.
As mentioned above since the early 1990s, the Stafford area has had a range of split programming on 96.9 and the alternative older targeted Signal 2 service has evolved from what was initially a "Golden Breakfast Show" only, on the original accompanying 1170 AM frequency, from back in 1992.
The Wireless Group bought the station in 1999 and were subsequently bought themselves by UTV Radio.
Signal 1 will celebrate its 30th Birthday on 10 August 2013 with a special concert at Betley Court Farm in Crewe.
Technical.
Signal 1's main transmitter is at Alsagers Bank, which broadcasts on 102.6 FM. As well as covering North Staffordshire and South Cheshire, the transmitter can be received well into the North West and down into the West Midlands, due to the height of the transmitter. Signal 1 also has filler transmitters at Pye Green, which covers Stafford and the surrounding area, and at Sutton Common, which covers Congleton, Macclesfield and the surrounding area. All of Signal 1's transmitters have specific ads for the local transmission area, and both Sutton Common and Pye Green are BT backbone link towers.
Signal 1 also broadcasts on the local Stoke and Stafford DAB multiplex 12D.
Signal 1 currently has Rajar listening figures of around 15.10%, this is 33% lower than ten years previously when it was achieving figures of 22.50%.
Presenters.
Signal 1 broadcasts local programming between 6am and 7pm. At other times programs are shared with the rest of the UTV network with Signal 1 being the home station from where they are broadcast. The Vodafone Big Top 40 show on a Sunday is produced by Global Radio and is broadcast from its studios in Leicester Square, London.
Local presenters
Networked presenters
Charity.
Signal Radio hosts events for local children's charities every year under the "Help a Signal Child" banner. One of the main fundraising activities is the SIGNAL WALKATHON, which has raised in excess of £500,000 over the years. 2009 also started seening the station working with the Donna Louise Trust, with proceeds of the Walkathon jointly split between the two.
Signal Radio Media Academy.
In 2012 Signal 1 lent its name to the Signal Radio Media Academy, a course entirely run by Stoke on Trent College as a BTEC Level 3 in Radio Production.

</doc>
<doc id="19331240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331240" title="Marshall House">
Marshall House

Marshall House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19331280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331280" title="Canton of Bacqueville-en-Caux">
Canton of Bacqueville-en-Caux

The Canton of Bacqueville-en-Caux is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A farming area in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Bacqueville-en-Caux. The altitude varies from 11m (Avremesnil) to 146m (Auzouville-sur-Saâne with an average altitude of 83m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Bacqueville-en-Caux comprises 25 communes and a total of 10,375 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19331283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331283" title="Persecution of Copts">
Persecution of Copts

Copts (Coptic: "ou.Remenkīmi en.Ekhristianos", literally: "Egyptian Christian") are native Egyptian Christians, usually Orthodox, who currently make up around 10% of the population of Egypt — the largest religious minority of that country. While Copts have cited instances of persecution throughout their history, Human Rights Watch has noted "growing religious intolerance" and sectarian violence against Coptic Christians in recent years, and a failure by the Egyptian government to effectively investigate properly and prosecute those responsible.
Ancient era.
Roman rulers.
St. Mark the Evangelist is said to have founded the Holy Apostolic See of Alexandria and to have become its first Patriarch. Within 50 years of St. Mark's arrival in Alexandria, a fragment of New Testament writings appeared in Oxyrhynchus (Bahnasa), which suggests that Christianity already began to spread south of Alexandria at an early date. By the mid-third century, a sizable number of Egyptians were persecuted by the Romans on account of having adopted the new Christian faith, beginning with the Edict of Decius. Christianity was tolerated in the Roman Empire until AD 284, when the Emperor Diocletian persecuted and put to death a great number of Christian Egyptians. This event became a watershed in the history of Egyptian Christianity, marking the beginning of a distinct Egyptian or Coptic Church. It became known as the 'Era of Martyrs' and is commemorated in the Coptic calendar in which dating of the years began with the start of Diocletian's reign. When Egyptians were persecuted by Diocletian, many retreated to the desert to seek relief. The practice precipitated the rise of monasticism, for which the Egyptians, namely St. Antony, St. Bakhum, St. Shenouda and St. Amun, are credited as pioneers. By the end of the 4th century, it is estimated that the mass of the Egyptians had either embraced Christianity or were nominally Christian.
In 451 A.D., following the Council of Chalcedon, the Church of Alexandria was divided into two branches. Those who accepted the terms of the Council became known as Chalcedonians or Melkites. Those who did not abide by the Council's terms were labeled non-Chalcedonians or Monophysites (and later "Jacobites" after Jacob Baradaeus). The non-Chalcedonians, however, rejected the term Monophysites as erroneous and insisted on being called Miaphysites. The majority of the Egyptians belonged to the Miaphysite branch, which led to their persecution by the Byzantines in Egypt, this continued until the Arab conquest of Egypt.
Islamic era.
The Arab-Muslim invasion of Egypt.
The Muslim invasion of Egypt took place in AD 639. Despite the political upheaval, Egypt remained a mainly Christian land, although the gradual conversions to Islam over the centuries changed Egypt from a mainly Christian to a mainly Muslim country by the end of the 12th century.
This process was sped along by persecutions during and following the reign of the Fatimid caliph Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah (reigned AD 996–1021) and the Crusades, and also by the acceptance of Arabic as a liturgical language by the Pope of Alexandria Gabriel ibn-Turaik.
Modern era.
In Egypt the government does not officially recognize conversions from Islam to Christianity; also certain interfaith marriages are not allowed either, this prevents marriages between converts to Christianity and those born in Christian communities, and also results in the children of Christian converts being classified as Muslims and given a Muslim education.
The government also requires permits for repairing churches or building new ones, which are often withheld. Article 235 of the 2013 draft constiution requires the next legislative body to create a law that would remove the restrictions on the building of churches. Foreign missionaries are allowed in the country only if they restrict their activities to social improvements and refrain from proselytizing.
Sectarian attacks since 1970.
The last quarter of the twentieth century and the first decade of the twenty first have seen a deterioration in relations between Muslims and the Coptic minority in Egypt. This is seen in day-to-day interactions such as the insulting of Coptic priests by Muslim children, but also in much more serious events such as attacks on Coptic churches, monasteries, villages, homes and shops, particularly in Upper Egypt during the 1980 and 90s. From 1992 to 1998 Islamist extremists in Egypt are thought to have killed 127 Copts.
By the end of the 1990s, in Minya province "an ancient center of the Coptic faith", five churches, two charity organizations, and 38 mostly Christian-owned businesses had been burned. Witnesses described the destruction as having been carried out "by gangs of young Muslims wielding iron bars and Molotov cocktails and shouting `God is Great!`" The police have been accused of siding with the attackers in some of these cases. And in Southern Egypt, there were problems in which involves terrorists going into monasteries, harassing, capturing, and torturing monks (such as the 2008 attacks on the monks of the Monastery of Saint Fana).
Some observers have connected the robberies, extortion and "collection" of "taxes" from Copts to the belief by Islamists that the traditional Jizya poll tax on non-Muslims should be reinstituted. Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Guide Mustafa Mashhur expressed this belief in a 1997 interview. He also stated that while `we do not mind having Christians members in the People's Assembly legislature ... the top officials, especially in the army, should be Muslims since we are a Muslim country," and Christians can not be trusted to fight for Egypt against Christian foreigners. Statements by Muslim Brotherhood and Sadat further exacerbated the situation of non-Muslims (namely the Copts).
In 1981, President Anwar Sadat, internally exiled the Coptic Pope Shenouda III accusing him of fomenting interconfessional strife. Sadat then chose five Coptic bishops and asked them to choose a new pope. They refused, and in 1985 President Hosni Mubarak restored Pope Shenouda III.
In May 2010, "The Wall Street Journal" reported increasing "waves of mob assaults" by Muslims against Copts, forcing many Christians to flee their homes. Despite frantic calls for help, the police typically arrived after the violence was over. The police also coerced the Copts to accept "reconciliation" with their attackers to avoid prosecuting them, with no Muslims convicted for any of the attacks. "Time" magazine reported on the fears of the Coptic population after the 2011 Egyptian revolution. "The New York Times" reported on an increase in sectarian violence against Copts after Mubarak's downfall, with an estimated 24 dead, 200 injured and three churches in flames.
Specific incidents.
1990s.
The terrorists increased the frequency of their attacks and widened it to include those whom they viewed as collaborators with the security force, launching an attack on the eve of the Adha Eid using automatic weapons killing Copts as well as Muslims.
2000s.
Al Kosheh, a "predominantly Christian town" in southern Egypt. After a Muslim customer and a Christian shoe-store owner fall into an argument, three days of rioting and street fighting erupt leaving 20 Christians, (including four children) and one Muslim dead." In the aftermath 38 Muslim defendants are charged with murder in connection with the deaths of the 20 Copts. But all are acquitted of murder charges, and only four are convicted of any (lesser) charges, with the longest sentence given being 10 years." After protest by the Coptic Pope Shenouda the government granted a new trial.
A mob of Muslims attacks coptic Christians in Alexandria. One hundred people were injured and three died.
This event was in Hegaza village, Koos city. On February 22, 2010, they were sentenced to 25 years of jail.
2010.
Machine gun attack by Muslim mob on Coptic Christians celebrating the Egyptian birth of Christ. Seven are killed (including a Muslim officer who was trying to defend them) and scores injured, and lots of lives ruined.
2011.
A car bomb exploded in front of an Alexandria Coptic Orthodox Church killing at least 21 and injuring at least 79. The incident happened a few minutes after midnight as Christians were leaving a New Year's Eve Church service. It has been later thought that the previous corrupt minister of interior was behind the attacks in an attempt to cause strife between the Egyptian people.
Thousands of Coptic Christians took to the streets in Cairo to protest the burning of a church in Marinab and were headed towards Maspiro, where they were met with armoured personnel carrier, APCs, and hundreds of riot police and special forces. Army vehicles charged at the protesters and reports of at least 6 protesters being crushed under APCs, including one with a crushed skull, has emerged. In addition, witnesses have confirmed that military personnel were seen firing live ammunition into the protesters, while the Health Ministry confirmed that at least 20 protesters have undergone surgery for bullet wounds. In total, an estimated 24 persons were killed most of whom are Copts, while numbers as high as 36 and 50 were reported, including unconfirmed reports of the death of three army soldiers. The number of wounded protesters was estimated to be 322, of whom about 250 were transported to hospitals.
Inciting more unrest, messages were broadcast on Egyptian national television urging "honest Egyptians" to take to the streets to "protect the military" from Christian protesters. As a result, hundreds of people, presumably Muslim extremists, were seen wielding clubs and machetes alongside riot police chanting "the people want to bring down the Christians", and later "Islamic, Islamic".
The events came against the backdrop of tensions simmering due to the violent military breakup of a sit-in staged at Maspiro by Coptic demonstrators a few days earlier to protest the burning of the church of Marinab in the Governorate of Aswan by the Salafis of the region.
2013.
For ages Copts suffered being marginalized, under discriminatory acts on many of their rights through many decades, but it got worse after January 25, 2010, when the Islamists reached power. Copts are getting exposed to daily assaults by fundamentalists and extremists without any legal justification.
Their churches are burnt, their properties are damaged, their economic activities are sabotaged, and they are forced to leave their land and houses in addition to forceful migration.
The bloodshed appeared to mark a turning point in the revolution. Police and armed civilians have laid siege to the seat of the Coptic church in Cairo, St. Mark's Cathedral, killing one person and injuring at least 21, as a funeral for four Christians killed in sectarian clashes on Saturday descended into chaos.
Thousands of mourners were attacked as they tried to leave Egypt's largest cathedral, forcing them back inside the cathedral precinct and sparking a siege that lasted all afternoon and stretched into the night. Police fired teargas over the cathedral walls and stood by as unknown men armed with birdshot, knives and petrol bombs scaled nearby buildings to attack those inside the church grounds.
As "The Guardian" reports, at least four Christians and one Muslim were killed in sectarian clashes that broke out north of Cairo after children allegedly drew a swastika on Islamic property. On Sunday Christians gathered in Cairo to remember the dead in a service that ended by further escalating sectarian tensions. Local news reports that the seventh coptic victim who has was set on fire during the clashes died in hospital a few days later 
Now political liberals as well as Copts say the brutal crackdown has finally extinguished the public’s faith in the ruling military council as the guardian of a peaceful transition to democracy.
“The credit that the military received from the people in Tahrir Square just ran out yesterday,” the party leader Ayman Nour said at a news conference of prominent parties and political leaders denouncing the military. “There is no partnership between us and the council now that the blood of our brothers stands between us.”
“Cairo yesterday was a part of Syria,” said Shady el-Ghazaly Harb, a liberal activist who helped set off the revolution, invoking the violent crackdown against that country’s uprising. “This is a threat not just to the Copts, but to all of the people. We saw what would happen if we rose up against the army.”
Witnesses, victims and doctors said Monday that demonstrators were killed when military-led security forces drove armored vehicles over as many as six people and fired live ammunition into the crowds. Doctors at a Coptic hospital showed journalists 17 bodies, including one with a crushed skull and others with mangled limbs.
Doctors and Interior Ministry officials said bullet wounds accounted for most of the deaths, including that of Mina Daniel, a young political activist a doctor said had been shot in the shoulder and leg. More than 300 others were wounded in four hours of street fights, the Health Ministry said.
Abduction and forced conversion of Coptic women.
Coptic women and girls are sometimes abducted, forced to convert to Islam and marry Muslim men. In 2009 the Washington, D.C. based group Christian Solidarity International published a study of the abductions and forced marriages and the anguish felt by the young women because returning to Christianity is against the law.
In April 2010, a bipartisan group of 17 members of the U.S. Congress expressed concern to the State Department’s Trafficking in Persons Office about Coptic women who faced "physical and sexual violence, captivity ... exploitation in forced domestic servitude or commercial sexual exploitation, and financial benefit to the individuals who secure the forced conversion of the victim."
After the Arab Spring, women were subjugated and subjected to an increasing number of sex assaults, rapes and harassment. Disappearances and kidnappings of Coptic girls has reportedly increased after the revolution which was regarded by many as a strategic humiliation by some radical Islamic groups against Copts. 
Egyptian Salafi preacher Huwaini urges Muslims to abduct, enslave, and sell non-Muslims as a Sharia-approved way of making a good living 'If only we can conduct a jihadist invasion at least once a year or if possible twice or three times, then many people on earth would become Muslims. And if anyone prevents our "dawa" or stands in our way, then we must kill them or take as hostage and confiscate their wealth, women and children. Such battles will fill the pockets of the Mujahid who can return home with 3 or 4 slaves, 3 or 4 women and 3 or 4 children'.
Post-revolution anti-women radical trend afflicting Copts.
Radical trends against women in Egypt specifically sets Coptic women a direct target based on dress code.
As "The Guardian" reports, women's rights are shrinking. Women, Muslim and Christian, who do not cover their hair or who wear mid-sleeved clothing are met with insults, spitting and in some cases physical abuse. In the urban squatter settlement of Mouasset el Zakat, in Al Marg, Greater Cairo, women told me that they hated walking in the streets now. Due to the lax security situation, they have restricted their mobility to all but the most essential of errands A Coptic Christian woman said "we and our Muslim friends who do not cover our hair get yelled at by men passing by telling us 'just you wait, those who will cover you up and make you stay at home are coming, and then there will no more of this lewdness'".
The synchronization of such "fatwas" of Abu Islam's and similar scholars Salma Almasrya, an Egyptian Activist said that what the scholar has claimed comes in harmony with the official declaration from state men which blamed the female activists for the rape crimes they were subject to, causing many activists to believe there was a state-orchestrated terrorism against female activists by humiliation and intimidation rather than force which has been condemned by many media people around the country. Undeterred street harassment for women in general and Coptic women in particular (being unveiled) have reached a dead end forcing many women to stay home and leave work. A man groping a girl's breast or touching her hips has become a familiar incident. a girl walking alone in the street can be a soft target to rape. 1,800 rape incidents were recorded in one month of Egypt and many others are not reported for fear of shame.
The parliamentary quota for women was removed without debate and a promised female vice-president failed to materialise, amid what political commentator Moushira Khattab called "a radical anti-feminist sentiment". Morsi threatened but stopped short of decriminalizing Egypt's practice of female genital mutilation, carried out on almost three-quarters of Egyptian girls, making it clear he would not tackle an issue he called "a family matter". Such anti-feminist sentiments mobilize the community against 'liberal' Muslim women, female activists, and Coptic women.

</doc>
<doc id="19331290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331290" title="Everybody's Gone">
Everybody's Gone

"Everybody's Gone" is a 1995 short film written by Martin Meenan and directed by Nigel Woods. 
The film was shot in Culdaff in County Donegal, Ireland and won a Gold Plaque at the Chicago Film Festival. It was produced by Tom Collins.

</doc>
<doc id="19331305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331305" title="Novem">
Novem

"NOVEM", is an American Independent Film, produced and directed by Brad Kimmel, a filmmaker from Evansville, Indiana. Brad is also the creator and producer of My Classic Car. The film tells the story of NOVEM's epic six-day recording session in May 1973 and chronicles the modern day discovery of their lost tapes and who they were.
"NOVEM" has made its way around the film festival circuit and received great acclaim, winning many awards.
Though the movie is a work of fiction, it has often been portrayed as a documentary.
Biography.
The story.
NOVEM is an American rock band that was formed at Harrison State University during the early 1970s. At the time, very little was known about the band or their music. They all died shortly after their first recording session.
It wasn't until nearly 31 years later that the tapes of their recording session were found and their story was told.
Formation of the Band.
In the spring of 1973, a group of nine college students formed a strong friendship on the campus of Harrison State University, sharing a common bond of music. Four of them were music majors, and the other five had various degrees of musical talent. Austin Rowles, thought to be the unofficial group leader, encouraged the group to "jam" together after classes.
Within weeks, the group was performing in front of fellow college students at frat parties and beer picnics. Very quickly it became apparent the group had a special chemistry and a lot of talent, mainly composing original material.
Recording Session.
In April 1973, Mark Winstead came up with an idea for each member of the group to write a song about something they felt strongly about. His uncle owned a recording studio called Dark Horse in Franklin, Tennessee, and he offered the group a chance to record their songs free of charge after the spring semester was complete. The group jumped at the chance, and on May 14, 1973, they packed their gear into Tom Lewdowski's van and headed for Dark Horse Studios.
The Band's Name.
Apparently the group never actually named itself. The band became known as NOVEM when Dan Cook (the recording engineer) wrote 'NOVEM Songs' (NOVEM is Latin for nine) on the outside of the master music boxes.
Their Deaths.
On May 19, 1973, after spending a week at Dark Horse Studios, NOVEM packed up and left the rural studio to head back to campus. Tragically they never made it. For some unknown reason, the van failed to stop at a stop sign and entered an intersection at a high speed where it was struck broadside by a large truck. The resulting impact sent the van careening into a wooded area where it flipped several times and burst into flames. Seven of the nine students died that night. Two survived the accident but died days later. Police suspected that the driver of the van fell asleep at the wheel.
The group left with the master session tapes that night, but no evidence of them was found at the accident site. It appears that they stopped by Mark's parent's home in Brentwood, Tennessee shortly after they left Dark Horse. Our best guess is that Mark put the tapes on a shelf in his parent's basement thinking he'd be back later to finish mixing the music.
Harrison Times Newspaper Article.
7 Dead in Fiery Crash<br>
Early Sunday morning, a truck broadsided a van filled with Harrison State University students, killing 7 of the 9 students inside. The accident occurred around 2am at the intersection of Old Mill Road and Highway 31 near Bowling Green, Kentucky. Two students remain in critical condition at Nashville Memorial Hospital. The truck driver was not seriously injured, police said.
According to the truck driver, the van failed to stop at a stop sign and entered the intersection at a high rate of speed. The resulting impact sent the van careening into a nearby wooded area where it came to rest on its side and burst into flames.
Authorities have identified the dead as Austin Rowles, 21, Dana Taylor, 20, Mark Winstead, 20, Kristy Doyle, 21, Peter Shipley, 19, Alan Levinly, 20 and Thomas Lewdowski, 23. The two injured students are Dennis Clark, 21 and Jaslyn Walker, 28.
The students were returning to Harrison State from a camping trip in Franklin, Tennessee. A memorial service is scheduled for Friday night at St. Mary's Church in Harrison.
The Lost Tapes.
In March 2004, nearly 31 years later, NOVEM's master recording tapes were found along with 20 cans of 16mm film that was shot during NOVEM's week at Dark Horse Studios in 1973 by band member Alan Levinly. The master tapes and film cans were in a box, along with other old records, which was purchased by Jordan Shipman at a garage sale in Brentwood, Tennessee.
The Film.
Limited Theatrical Release.
Landmark's Keystone Art Cinema & Indie Lounge
Film Festivals.
Newport Beach Film Festival (2007)<br>
Westchester County Film Festival (2007)<br>
Santa Fe Film Festival (2006)<br>
Tallgrass Film Festival (2006)<br>
Vermont International Film Festival (2006)<br>
Kansas International Film Festival (2006)<br>
Stony Brook Film Festival (2006)<br>
Maryland Film Festival (2006)<br>
Aarhus Festival of Independent Arts (2006)<br>
Sonoma Valley Film Festival (2006)<br>
Beloit International Film Festival (2006)<br>
Asheville Film Festival (2005)<br>
Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival (2005)<br>
Bethel Film Festival (2005)<br>
Phoenix Film Festival (2005)<br>
Palm Beach Film Festival (2005)<br>
Waterfront Film Festival (2005)<br>
Indianapolis Film Festival (2005)<br>
New World Arts (2005)
Awards.
Audience Choice Award (Phoenix Film Festival, 2005)<br>
Best Soundtrack Award (Phoenix Film Festival, 2005)<br>
Audience Choice Award (Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival, 2005)<br>
Grand Jury Prize|Best Competition Feature (Bethel Film Festival, 2005)<br>
Grand Jury Prize|Best Competition Feature (Indianapolis Film Festival, 2005)<br>
Special Jury Prize|Best Cast Performance (Indianapolis Film Festival, 2005)<br>
Best Indiana Film (Indianapolis Film Festival, 2005)<br>
Audience Choice Award (Beloit International Film Festival, 2006)<br>
Jury Prize for Best American Independent Feature (Sonoma Valley Film Festival, 2006)<br>
Respect Award for Feature Film (Aarhus Festival of Independent Arts, 2006)
Band members.
Dennis Clark (Drums, Lead Vocals)<br>
Peter Shipley (Bass Guitar)<br>
Mark Winstead (Lead Vocals, Guitar, Piano, Keyboards)<br>
Tom Lewdowski (Guitar, Lead Vocals)<br>
Alan Levinly (Guitar, Lead Vocals, Background Vocals)<br>
Kris Doyle (Violin, Background Vocals)<br>
Dana Taylor (Lead Vocals)<br>
Austin Rowles (Guitar, Lead Vocals)<br>
Jaslyn Walker (Guitar, Lead Vocals)<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19331324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331324" title="Ali Campbell">
Ali Campbell

Alistair Ian "Ali" Campbell (born 15 February 1959, Birmingham, England) is a British singer, solo artist and songwriter who was the lead singer and founding member of UB40. As part of UB40, Campbell sold over 70 million records world wide and toured the globe for 30 years. In 2008 Campbell left UB40 and embarked on a solo career. In 2012, Campbell was announced as one of the three judges on the judging panel of the TV show, "New Zealand's Got Talent".
Personal life.
Campbell was born in Birmingham. He is the brother of former bandmate Robin Campbell and current UB40 frontman Duncan Campbell, and is a son of the late Scottish folk singer, Ian Campbell. He supports Birmingham City.
Departure from UB40.
In October 2007, Campbell released a solo album entitled "Running Free". The album entered the UK charts at number 9 and went gold. This was the first top ten entry for Campbell for a new studio album since UB40s "Labour of Love 3" album, which was released 10 years prior to "Running Free".
On 24 January 2008, it was reported that Campbell was to quit the group after almost 30 years. Campbell, who was a founding member of UB40 - songwriter and lead vocalist for the band - sang on most of the best known hits such as "Red, Red Wine", finally quit the band in 2008. The band's last gigs together were in February 2008 in Australia, New Zealand and Uganda.
Campbell then issued a statement on his website and through his lawyers stating that for many years he had been unhappy with the business practices and business managers of UB40 and launched an investigation into the financial handling of the business. This was the reason for his departure.
A few months later, Michael Virtue the keyboard player also left UB40, citing the same reasons as Campbell, and joined Campbell's legal investigation. Virtue subsequently joined Campbell's new band, the Dep band.
Solo career.
Having formed a new band, Campbell performed a sell out concert at London's Royal Albert Hall on 3 April 2008. For the remainder of 2008, Campbell toured internationally with the Dep Band to promote the album. Campbell released his third solo album, "Flying High", in 2009 which entered the UK charts at number 13. It was another top 15 hit for Campbell which brought some of the best critical reviews of his career to date.
On 18 October 2010 Ali released his fourth solo album 'Great British Songs' - a collection of iconic British pop and rock hits from the Sixties and Seventies newly reinterpreted in Campbell's reggae style. Once again the album entered the UK charts at number 15 and gave Campbell his third top 15 charting album in as many years. Campbell's label Jacaranda Music was number one on the UK independent chart in October 2010 and 'Great British Songs' also entered the iTunes reggae album chart at number one.
In 2012, Campbell was announced as one of the three judges on the judging panel of the TV show, New Zealand's Got Talent, along with Jason Kerrison and Rachel Hunter. In 2013, Campbell was replaced for the third series by American choreographer Cris Judd.
Chart success.
Campbell as part of UB40 has sold over 70 million records, notched up four number No. 1 singles around the world and over 40 Top 40 UK singles. See UB40 discography.
His solo albums "Big Love" and "Running Free" were both top ten in the UK charts and "Flying High" and "Great British Songs" reached the top fifteen in the UK charts.
Accolades.
Whilst with UB40 Campbell received an Ivor Novello Award for International Achievement.
At the 2007 Grammy Awards, UB40 were nominated for best reggae album of 2006.
Mauritius Government award to Ali Campbell for his services to Music and Charity - December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19331325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331325" title="Shuddha Saveri">
Shuddha Saveri

Shuddha Saveri is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is an "audava" rāgam (or "owdava" rāgam, meaning pentatonic scale). It is a "janya" rāgam (derived scale), as it does not have all the seven "swaras" (musical notes).
The equivalent of "Shuddha Saveri" in Hindustani music is "Durga". According to the school of Muthuswami Dikshitar, this rāgam is called "Devakriya". "Karnataka Shuddha Saveri", a janya rāgam of 1st "melakarta" "Kanakangi", is called "Shuddha Saveri" by the Dikshitar school.
Structure and Lakshana.
"Shuddha Saveri" is a symmetric rāgam that does not contain "gāndhāram" or "nishādam". It is a pentatonic scale ("audava-audava" ragam in Carnatic music classification – audava meaning 'of 5'). Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
It is a scale that uses the following variants of the "swaras" – "chatushruti rishabham, shuddha madhyamam, panchamam" and "chatushruti dhaivatam".
"Shuddha Saveri" is considered a "janya" rāgam of "Sankarabharanam", the 29th "melakarta" rāgam, though it can be derived from other melakarta rāgams, "Kharaharapriya", "Gourimanohari" or "Harikambhoji", by dropping both "gāndhāram" and "nishādam".
Popular compositions.
Here are some popular "kritis" composed in "Shuddha Saveri".
"Ānalekara", which is set to this rāgam, is one of the first few "geetams" (very short compositions) taught to beginners.
Sree guru guha is a song set by muthuswami dikshitar
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Graha bhedam".
"Shuddha Saveri's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 4 other major pentatonic rāgams, namely, "Mohanam", "Hindolam", "Madhyamavati" and "Udayaravichandrika" (also known as "Shuddha Dhanyasi"). "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. See "Graha bhedam on Mohanam" for more details and illustration of this concept.

</doc>
<doc id="19331330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331330" title="Ultrasonic thickness gauge">
Ultrasonic thickness gauge

The usage of an ultrasonic thickness gauge for non-destructive testing to check material properties such as thickness measurement, is now regularly utilized in all areas of industrial measurements. The ability to gauge thickness measurement without requiring access to both sides of the test piece, offers this technology a multitude of possible applications. Paint thickness gauge, ultrasonic coating thickness gauge, digital thickness gauges and many more options are available to test plastics, glass, ceramics, metal and other materials.
A rugged ultrasonic thickness gauge determines sample thickness by measuring the amount of time it takes sound to traverse from the transducer through the material to the back end of a part, and then measures the time which the reflection takes to get back to the transducer. The ultrasonic thickness gauge then calculates the data based on the speed of the sound through the tested sample.
The very first ultrasonic thickness gauge was made in 1967 by Werner Sobek; a Polish engineer from Katowice. This first ultrasonic thickness gauge measured the velocity of the waves it emitted in particular test samples, it then calculated the thickness in micrometers from this speed measurement by an applied mathematical equation.
There are two types of transducers that can be used as an Ultrasonic Thickness Gauge. These sensors are Piezoelectric and EMAT sensors. Both transducer types emit sound waves into the material when excited. Typically these transducers use a predetermined frequency, however certain thickness gauges allow for frequency tuning in order to inspect a wider range of material. A standard frequency used by an ultrasonic thickness gauge is 5mhz.
One method of pulse/echo style ultrasonic coating thickness gauge requires a couplant be used. One common couplant is Propylene Glycol, but there are many other options which can be substituted.
Today there are many high tech models on the market. Modern digital thickness gauge has the capability of saving data and outputting to a variety of other data logging devices. A user friendly interface and saved data and settings allows for the utmost of ease for operators. This allows for even relatively novice users to obtain cost effective and accurate measurements.
Advantages and Disadvantages.
Ultrasonic Thickness Gauge Advantages:
Ultrasonic Thickness Gauge Disadvantages:
Digital Thickness Gauge Typical Usage.
UTM is frequently used to monitor steel thickness in various places of ships and offshore constructions. Surveyors equipped with portable UTM probes reach steel plating in sides, tanks, decks and the superstructure. They can read its thickness by simply touching the steel with the measurement head. Contact is usually assured by first removing visible corrosion scale and then applying petroleum jelly before pressing the probe against metal. It is also used for monitoring pipelines.
References.
www.innerspec.com

</doc>
<doc id="19331338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331338" title="Epiblema otiosana">
Epiblema otiosana

Bidens Borer gets its name from the genus "Bidens" which includes the food plants for the larva. An adults wingspan ranges from 12mm and 20mm. They range from Maine/Ontario south to Florida and west to Kansas/Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19331407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331407" title="Journalism Center on Children &amp; Families">
Journalism Center on Children &amp; Families

The Journalism Center on Children & Families is a nonprofit program of the Philip Merrill College of Journalism at the University of Maryland, College Park. The center inspires and recognizes exemplary reporting on children and families. Since 1993, over 14,000 journalists have attended its intensive training programs and relied on it for balanced information and resources.
The Journalism Center has received funding from the Annie E. Casey Foundation, McCormick Foundation, Ms. Foundation for Women, Challenge Fund for Journalism, Freddie Mac Foundation and individual donors.
Resources.
The Journalism Center offers the training, resources and story ideas needed to cover the challenges today's children and families.
The Casey Medals for Meritorious Journalism.
The Casey Medals for Meritorious Journalism honor distinguished coverage of disadvantaged children and families. First-place winners in 12 categories receive $1,000 and are honored in an awards
ceremony in Washington, D.C. Runners-up and honorable mentions are recognized with certificates of merit. Categories include newspapers, magazines, television, radio, online and photojournalism. More than 5,000 journalists have applied for Casey Medals since 1994.
Eligible work must be published or broadcast between Jan. 1 and Dec. 31 of the previous year. Awards are funded by the Annie E. Casey Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19331410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331410" title="Zac Harmon">
Zac Harmon

Zac Harmon is an American blues musician from Jackson, Mississippi. Harmon is signed to Toronto's NorthernBlues Music.
Harmon moved to Los Angeles in 1980 in the pursuit of a career in music. He worked as a studio musician, and later, built himself to become a writer/producer. Harmon produced tracks for Black Uhuru's album "The Mystical Truth", which also received a Grammy nomination in 1994.
Harmon (and the Mid South Blues Revue) won the 2004 International Blues Challenge for Best Unsigned Blues Band, sponsored by the Southern California Blues Society of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19331419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331419" title="Diethyl tartrate">
Diethyl tartrate

Diethyl tartrate is an organic compound, the ethyl ester of tartaric acid. It exists in both as a chiral isomer, showing both left- and right-handed forms, as well as a meso stereoisomer, which is not chiral. The chiral isomer is far more common.
In the Sharpless epoxidation, diethyl tartrate and titanium isopropoxide form a chiral catalyst "in situ".

</doc>
<doc id="19331440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331440" title="Broadway Historic District (Saratoga Springs, New York)">
Broadway Historic District (Saratoga Springs, New York)

The Broadway Historic District is located along Broadway in Saratoga Springs, New York, United States. It has a twofold character. The southern section is the commercial core of the city, with many of its important public and private buildings, most intact from the its peak days as a resort town in that era. North Broadway is a residential neighborhood with many large Victorian houses built by frequent visitors to the town and its spas and racetrack.
In 1979 it was recognized as a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Since then its boundaries have twice been increased to include some adjacent areas after new information became available about the buildings in them, one of which is a church by Richard Upjohn. Another contributing property, the post office, was later listed on the Register in its own right.
Geography.
The district follows a one-mile (1.6 km) stretch of Broadway and North Broadway, from the vicinity of Congress Park to a small portion that overlaps into the Town of Greenfield just north of the city limits near Skidmore College, where the street becomes Glen Mitchell Road. It is divided into residential and commercial sections by the intersection with Van Dam Street roughly midway between its two termini. Some portions of neighboring blocks and streets are included.
The south end is at the junction of Broadway (also US 9/NY 50) and Spring Street (NY 9P). Some of the properties on Spring to the east (where the district is bordered by the East Side Historic District and Washington Street (NY 29) as far as Woodlawn Avenue to the west are included. Both sides of Broadway ( wide at this point) are included to the junction with Church Street (NY 9N's southern terminus on the west, and NY 29 on the east), at the post office and city hall, along with properties half a block deep in either direction.
At Grove Street the eastern boundary returns to the side of Broadway in order to exclude some more modern buildings on that side. Two blocks to the north, at Van Dam, routes 9 and 50 split off from Broadway to the northeast and become a divided highway. Here the boundary again takes in buildings around High Rock Spring on the east as it becomes Broadway Avenue for a block, then Rock Street and Greenfield Avenue. The west boundary follows Wiswall Lane to include houses on the east side of Woodlawn (Some of the areas on the other side are in the West Side Historic District).
The east boundary gradually follows rear property lines until First Street, where it runs down the middle of Bryant Street, including the houses on its west side except for some near the Fourth Street junction at the city line. The houses opposite Skidmore's main entrance are included; at the city line the west boundary begins.
Within this area delineated are and over 160 buildings. In the northern half these are residential; to the south they are predominantly commercial with a few churches near the south end.
History.
High Rock Spring was known to the Native peoples of the area and had long been visited by them for its supposed curative powers. In 1643 Father Isaac Jogues became the first European visitor to see it. Mohawks reportedly carried Sir William Johnson there on a stretcher in 1767, and his recovery went so well that he visited it again later several times. It was well-known enough that George Washington tried to buy it in 1783.
Gideon Putnam, considered the founder of Saratoga Springs, bought the land around Congress Spring to the south in 1802. He built the first hotel there and eight years later laid out a plan for the city's development. Broadway was always intended to be the main commercial street, and others built hotels on land sold to them by Putnam and his descendants. The coming of the railroad in the 1830s accentuated this, as it paralleled Broadway just to the west.
The tracks crossed Broadway at the Van Dam junction, following the route now used by routes 9 and 50. This created the break between commercial Broadway and residential North Broadway in the later years of the 19th century. Like the builders of the houses along Union Avenue, the North Broadway homeowners were primarily wealthy summer residents. But Union Avenue's visitors came from all over the country for the horse races, whereas those on North Broadway were from further south in the Capital District and primarily came to Saratoga Springs to take advantage of the baths and get away for the summer.
Today that area is home to a number of notable owners and trainers in thoroughbred racing.
The district's historic character is preserved by the city's Design Review Commission, a seven-member body appointed by the mayor to staggered three-year terms. It reviews any proposed signage and exterior changes to any building in any of the city's historic districts.

</doc>
<doc id="19331451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331451" title="Er Canaro">
Er Canaro

Pietro De Negri, better known as Er Canaro (Roman dialect: "the dog keeper"; born 28 September 1956), is an Italian criminal, a dog coiffeur (hence the nickname) and a cocaine addict. 
De Negri was born at Calasetta, in Sardinia. Later he lived in the Rome's neighbourhood of Magliana. At the age of twenty seven, he killed former boxer, quarter tough guy, and fellow cocaine addict Giancarlo Ricci. The so-called Canaro's killing (Italian "Delitto del Canaro") is notable for being one of the most gruesome crimes carried out in Italy since the end of World War II, particularly because the victim watched powerless during the excessive mutilation.
Giancarlo Ricci's homicide.
On February 18, 1988, Ricci entered into Pietro De Negri's shop as usual, beating and slapping him as he had on previous occasions. De Negri had been a victim of Ricci's physical abuse before, but had conceived a plan to kill him. He told Ricci that a cocaine pusher was coming into the shop, and that if Ricci would hide himself into a dog cage, they could steal the pusher's cocaine and money. As soon as Ricci entered into the cage, De Negri locked him inside. He tortured Ricci for seven hours, left him tied with a chain, went to his daughter's school to take her home, and later returned to his shop.
Ricci was tortured to death, with some of his fingers having been removed and put inside bodily orifices. Pieces of his face were cut, his tongue was removed, and his penis was put into his mouth, which caused him to die of asphyxiation, according to the post mortem. De Negri also pierced one of Ricci's eyes with the cut fingers, smashed his teeth and head with a pipe wrench, and "washed" his brain with dog shampoo.
The morning after, Ricci's body was found in a landfill, still smoking, as De Negri had thrown fuel onto the body and tried to burn it. A man that had driven Ricci to the shop the day of the murder admitted what he had done, and De Negri confessed his murder. After conviction, he served sixteen years out of his twenty four year prison term.

</doc>
<doc id="19331453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331453" title="Ernst Mengersen">
Ernst Mengersen

Ernst Mengersen (30 June 1912 – 6 November 1995) was a German naval officer who reached the rank of "Korvettenkapitän" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Military career.
World War II.
Mengersen commanded the , , and , and sank twelve ships, including the SS "Gairsoppa" and HMS "Broadwater", on eleven patrols, for a total of of Allied shipping. The "Gairsoppa" carried 7,000,000 ounces of silver, which was worth £600,000 at the time of its sinking.
Two Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients served as watch officers under Mengersen's command. Egon-Reiner von Schlippenbach served as first watch officer on U-101's fourth patrol under Mengerson, while Karl-Heinz Marbach was Mengerson's second watch officer on "U-101".
In June 1943 Mengersen became commander of the "20th U-boat Flotilla" based in Pillau, remaining in this position until 24 February 1945. During the last three months of the war, Mengersen served firstly with the "25th U-boat Flotilla" and then in April 1945, he was selected to command the new "15th U-boat Flotilla".
Later life.
Mengersen survived the war and died in Detmold, at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="19331455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331455" title="Canton of Bellencombre">
Canton of Bellencombre

The Canton of Bellencombre is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A farming area in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the town of Bellencombre. The altitude varies from 52m (Saint-Hellier) to 213m (Pommeréval) with an average altitude of 146m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Bellencombre comprises 15 communes and a total of 6,968 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19331506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331506" title="Clifton Fish Aquarium">
Clifton Fish Aquarium

The Clifton Fish Aquarium, was an aquarium located at the Address,Shahrah-e-Firdausi, Block 3, Clifton, Karachi Clifton near Abdullah Shah Ghazi’s shrine in Karachi, Pakistan between 1965 and 1998. Several attempts were made to reopen the aquarium after the initial closing, but it remains closed.
In 2012, there were plans to reopen it. It is Karachi's largest public aquarium.
History.
The now defunct Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) built the aquarium in Clifton in 1965 in collaboration with Japanese experts. The aquarium had 33 seawater exhibition tanks where sea-based fish were kept, and 14 fresh water tanks exhibiting fish species that live in fresh water. It was the only fish aquarium in the city, drew up to one million visitors per year, and was one of the largest revenue generators for the KMC.
The Clifton Fish Aquarium was closed in 1998 because of its "dilapidated" condition. Re-opening was announced for March and then October 2005, additional funds were allocated by the city in the 2007-2008 budget, the 2008-2009 budget, and again in the 2009-2010 budget, but the aquarium remains closed.

</doc>
<doc id="19331522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331522" title="Silvério Paulo de Albuquerque">
Silvério Paulo de Albuquerque

Silvério Paulo de Albuquerque, O.F.M. (March 11, 1917 – May 28, 2013) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Paulo de Albuquerque was born in Olinda, Brazil on March 11, 1917, and was ordained a priest on May 30, 1942 with the Roman Catholic order of Orders of Friar Minor. Paulo de Albuquerque was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Caetité on March 17, 1970 and ordained bishop on May 10, 1970. On January 18, 1973 he was appointed bishop of the Archdiocese of Feira de Santana and remained there until his retirement on February 22, 1995. He died on May 28, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19331557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331557" title="Sir William Crossley, 1st Baronet">
Sir William Crossley, 1st Baronet

Sir William John Crossley, 1st Baronet (22 April 1844 – 12 October 1911) was a British engineer and Liberal politician.
W J Crossley was born at Glenburn, near Lisburn, County Antrim. His ancestors had come to Ireland from Lancashire at the time of the Williamite War. He was educated at the Royal School Dungannon and in Bonn.
He was first employed at the machine works of W G Armstrong, Elswick, before joining his brother, Francis to found the Crossley Brothers engineering firm in Manchester in 1867. In 1876 the company began the production of gas engines, and the firm went on to be major employers. In 1876 he married Mabel Gordon Anderson. In 1903 he was given the freedom of the City of Manchester.
In 1906 he was asked to stand as Liberal candidate for the parliamentary constituency of Altrincham, and defeated the sitting Conservative MP, Coningsby Disraeli. He was created a baronet in 1909. He lost his parliamentary seat at the December 1910 election by 119 votes.
Crossley was involved in philanthropic works, and built a sanitorium at Delamere Forest for patients from Lancashire towns at his own expense. He was president of the Manchester Young Men's Christian Association, and one of the original promoters of the Manchester Ship Canal. He was a teetotaler and treasurer of the United Kingdom Alliance, a temperance organisation.
Sir William and Lady Mabel had five children, Kenneth (1877–1957), Eric (1878–1949), Brian (b. 1886), Lettice (b. 1879) and Cicely (b. 1880). Both Lettice and Cicely died as infants.
He died aged 67 in 1911, following complications from an operation.

</doc>
<doc id="19331559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331559" title="Narok North Constituency">
Narok North Constituency

Narok North is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies of Narok District. The constituency was established for the 1969 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19331565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331565" title="CTAS">
CTAS

CTAS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19331578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331578" title="Centreville Armory">
Centreville Armory

The Centreville Armory in Centreville, Maryland, is part of a series of Maryland National Guard armories built in the 1920s in principal towns in Maryland. The armories followed a standard design with a castle-like front housing offices and meeting spaces, backed by a large drill hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19331582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331582" title="The Twisters">
The Twisters

The Twisters are a Canadian blues band formed in 1999 in North Vancouver. They are signed to Toronto's NorthernBlues Music.
The band consists of 4 members:
David "Hurricane" Hoerl (vocals and harmonica),
Brandon Isaak (vocals and guitar),
Chip Hart (drums)
Keith Picot (bass).
The Twisters were nominated for a 2003 Juno Award, and winner of 'Best Blues Album of the Year' at the Canadian Independent Music Awards. Their album "Come Out Swingin"' was nominated for 'Blues Album Of The Year' by The Western Canadian Music Awards in 2009, and was nominated for five Maple Blues awards the same year. These included Best Recording of the year, Song Writer Of The Year, Electric Act Of The Year, Bass Player Of The Year and Harmonica Player Of The Year. 
"Come Out Swingin"' included special guest Kenny "Blues Boss" Wayne on piano, and was the 2006 Juno Award winner for 'Best Blues Album'.
“This is what modern Blues is all about. Tight arrangements, great vocal harmonies, and spot on yet understated instrumental performances. All with a firm foothold into the roots and tradition of the Blues. With one exception, a Sonny Boy Williamson tune, the CD is packed with all original tunes that bring freshness and spontaneity to the sometimes over worked playbook of the Blues. A fantastic musical statement." - Barrelhouse Blues e-news, Boston

</doc>
<doc id="19331592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331592" title="Udayaravichandrika">
Udayaravichandrika

Udayaravichandrika is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is an "audava" rāgam (or "owdava" rāgam, meaning pentatonic scale ), and is also known as Shuddha Dhanyasi (pronounced "shuddha dhanyāsi"). It is a "janya" rāgam (derived scale), as it does not have all the seven "swaras" (musical notes). The equivalent of "Udayaravichandrika" in Hindustani music is "Dhani".
Structure and Lakshana.
"Udayaravichandrika" is a symmetric rāgam that does not contain "rishabham" or "dhaivatam". It is a pentatonic scale ("audava-audava" rāgam in Carnatic music classification - "audava" meaning 'of 5').
Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The notes used in this scale "sadharana gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, panchamam" and "kaisiki nishadham". "Udayaravichandrika" is considered a "janya" rāgam of "Kharaharapriya", the 22nd "melakarta" rāgam, though it can be derived from other "melakarta" rāgams, "Hanumatodi", "Natabhairavi" or "Natakapriya", by dropping both "rishabham" and "dhaivatam".
Popular compositions.
Here are some popular "kritis" composed in "Udayaravichandrika".
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Graha bhedam".
"Udayaravichandrika's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 4 other major pentatonic rāgams, namely, "Mohanam", "Hindolam", "Madhyamavathi" and "Shuddha Saveri". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. See "Graha bhedam on Mohanam" for more details and illustration of this concept.

</doc>
<doc id="19331600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331600" title="Daffy Duck and Porky Pig Meet the Groovie Goolies">
Daffy Duck and Porky Pig Meet the Groovie Goolies

Daffy Duck and Porky Pig Meet the Groovie Goolies is a 1972 animated one-hour TV-movie (with a live-action segment near the end) that was part of "The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie". In this Filmation-produced movie, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, and other Looney Tunes characters interact with the characters from the Filmation series "Groovie Goolies".
This movie is notable for being the one and only time that Warner Bros. "loaned out" their famous Looney Tunes characters to appear in a Filmation production (otherwise they were a silent partner). Warner Bros. had shut down their animation studio in 1969. While Warner Bros. had outsourced production to other companies since the 1960s, it was usually to studios run by former Warner Bros. alumni (such as Friz Freleng and later Chuck Jones), something that was not the case with Filmation.
Synopsis.
Daffy Duck is in Hollywood producing a movie about King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table, starring himself; also appearing in the film are Porky Pig, Petunia Pig, Sylvester, Tweety, Wile E. Coyote, Foghorn Leghorn, Pepé Le Pew, Elmer Fudd, Yosemite Sam, and Charlie Dog.
At Horrible Hall, the Groovie Goolies are watching a television interview in which Daffy’s talking about his new movie, when their program is interrupted by a ghoulish being calling himself The Phantom of the Flickers; he announces his intention to destroy every film that Daffy Duck and company ever made, including their current King Arthur film. Being a huge fan of Daffy, Frankie goes to Hollywood to offer his help, and the other Horrible Hall residents go along with him.
Mayhem ensues when the Looneys and the Goolies first meet, but they eventually settle down and continue filming the movie. The Phantom suddenly grabs the film and, disguised as Hauntleroy, tries to escape from the Goolies by running through a magic mirror into “Mad Mirror Land” (i.e., the real world). Frankie, Drac, and Wolfie chase after him, and after a cartoonishly slapstick pursuit they bring the Phantom and the film back to their world.
The Phantom turns out to be Drac’s long-lost uncle Claude Chaney, a formerly famous silent film actor who was acting out of anger over black-and-white films being replaced by color films. Daffy gives Claude a job, the movie wins an award, and the Goolies head for home.
Availability.
This movie has never been officially released on home video (due to various rights issues), but traders on the Internet have been recording and selling DVDs of this film, most of which were originally black-and-white kinescopes of the original broadcast. Non-official copies of the original color production have also emerged. However, in the UK, it was released by Select Video in the late 1980s, and on sale in Woolworths. In this instance, the live action sequence was not present, and it was replaced by an out of shot collision before rejoining the original animated sequence. In this case, the title card was simply called Groovie Ghouls.
Another notable feature of the UK release was that the Select Video ident was shorter, and had no jingle. In addition, the end credits were different, as they had to edit out the names of the actors in the live action sequence which was not included, and also had other credits, presumably for UK based post production at Select Video.

</doc>
<doc id="19331614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331614" title="American Family Fitness">
American Family Fitness

American Family Fitness (also known as AmFam or AFF) is a Richmond, Virginia-based chain of fitness clubs, operated by Richmond Fitness, Inc. It has been in business since 1988, and claims 1,050 employees and a revenue of over $7 million annually. American Family Fitness was ranked the 30th largest revenue-producing for-profit health club in North America in 2007, according to "Club Industry magazine". As of September 2008, AFF has a total of nine locations, 7 in the Richmond area, one in Fredericksburg, and one in Williamsburg, with a total membership of over 110,000. AFF's mission is centered around providing a positive fitness experience for the entire family, and includes a number of programs targeted at kids, such as the "Kid's Zone" and other specialized youth programs. It also provides workout and nutritional counseling, access to personal trainers, numerous free classes (yoga, cycling, etc.), exercise machines, an aquatics center, racquetball courts, and other similar activities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19331686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331686" title="Dagul">
Dagul

Romeo Pastrana (born October 5, 1958), commonly known by his stage name Dagul, is a Filipino midget actor, comedian and politician. He was born in Victorias City, Negros Occidental on October 5, 1958 and is married with 3 children.
About.
Due to his height, Dagul is the only adult in the hit children's Sunday gag show titled Goin' Bulilit (2005).
From doing smaller roles in movies such as Isprikitik, Walastik Kung Pumitik (1999) and Juan & Ted: Wanted (2000), Dagul gained even more exposure when he became Long Mejia's sparring partner in GMA's defunct comedy sitcom Kool Ka Lang (2001).
Viewers already appreciated the "Long and Dagul" tandem when the former decided to transfer to ABS-CBN. Dagul followed. Long Mejia became a regular co-host of Willie Revillame's Masayang Tanghali Bayan, while Dagul did some guest appearances.
Soon the tandem split up. Long was included in the cast of Home Alone da River(2002) and Home Along Da Airport (2003) and became preoccupied with doing movies. Dagul, on the other hand, became more visible on TV. He was a mainstay of the defunct sitcom Ok Fine Whatever (2003) and, up to now, a regular in Goin' Bulilit.

</doc>
<doc id="19331729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331729" title="Kirkstall Forge railway station">
Kirkstall Forge railway station

Kirkstall Forge is a proposed station between Leeds and Shipley, West Yorkshire, England. Metro, the Passenger Transport Executive for West Yorkshire, intends to open the station along with Apperley Bridge. 
Go-ahead for construction of both Kirkstall Forge and Apperley Bridge was given in the National Infrastructure Plan released on 29 November 2011. The estimated completion date is May 2015.
Facilities.
The station will have two platforms, with a footbridge and lifts linking them. The development also includes 127 car parking spaces, a bus stop and secure cycle storage.
Proposed services.
Though it is sited on both the Airedale and Wharfedale lines, the station will initially only be served by trains between and . This will provide for two trains per hour in each direction.
Plans.
In 1999, Metro announced that Kirkstall Forge & Apperley Bridge were amongst five new or reopened stations which they wished to see achieved over the ensuing five years. One of these stations has opened - Glasshoughton in 2005.
In July 2007, Leeds City Council approved a planning application to redevelop the Kirkstall Forge site, and the developer, Commercial Estates Group, has committed £4 million to the building of a railway station, and to the provision of new rolling stock. 
In September 2008, the West Yorkshire PTE announced that the Yorkshire & Humber Regional Transport Board had approved funding for its "rail growth programme" which includes stations at Apperley Bridge and Kirkstall Forge. A public exhibition of the plans took place in June 2009; the planning application was submitted to Leeds City Council in March 2010 and approved in June 2010.
Despite its significant private sector funding, the larger Rail Growth Programme including Apperley Bridge was listed as one of the schemes under government review in June 2010.
Following the Comprehensive Spending Review in Autumn 2010 the Leeds Rail Growth Package has been included with the "Development" pool of schemes. Metro submitted a "Best & Final Funding Bid" in September 2011 and the schemes funding was confirmed November 2011 as part of the National Infrastructure Plan.

</doc>
<doc id="19331736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331736" title="DB Class 82">
DB Class 82

The DB Class 82 was a goods train tank locomotive with the Deutsche Bundesbahn in Germany, that was built in the period after the Second World War and was intended for shunting and normal rail services. They were to replace the ten-coupled state railway ("Länderbahn") engines and also the accident-prone Class 87 DRG "Einheitslok" (standard locomotive).
It was the first of the DB's so-called "Neubaudampflokomotiven" or newly designed steam locomotives, and was built by the firms of Krupp and Henschel in 1950 and 1951 and also by the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen in 1955. Although they were ten-couplers, the 41 engines were also suitable for lines with tight curves such as the Hamburg Harbour railway. To improve curve running the first and last axles were fitted with Beugniot levers. The last two examples were also equipped with Riggenbach counterpressure brakes, which enabled their operation on steep lines. The locomotives were able to haul 800 tonne trains at up to 70 km/h.
Deployment.
The engines were predominantly employed in the marshalling yards at Bremen and Hamm as well as on the harbour lines of Emden and Hamburg. The 82s could also be seen on normal railway duties on the steep inclines of the Westerwald and in the Black Forest on the Murg Valley Railway. 
Retirement began as early as 1966, the final locomotive depot being "Bw" Koblenz-Mosel, where the last one was mustered out in 1972 .
Preserved.
Locomotive 82 008, the last existing example of its class, has been looked after in "Bw" Neumünster since early 2003 by the "Rendsburger Eisenbahnfreunden".

</doc>
<doc id="19331762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331762" title="Eladio Acosta Arteaga">
Eladio Acosta Arteaga

Eladio Acosta Arteaga (9 April 1916 – 30 January 2012) was a Colombian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.
Arteaga was born in La América, Colombia in 1916 and was ordained a priest on 7 August 1949 from the religious order of Congregation of Jesus and Mary. Arteaga was appointed bishop of the Archdiocese of Santa Fe de Antioquia on 6 March 1970 and ordained in April. He would remain at the diocese until his retirement on 10 October 1992. He died in 2012, aged 95

</doc>
<doc id="19331783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331783" title="History of Oriental Orthodoxy">
History of Oriental Orthodoxy

Oriental Orthodoxy is the communion of Eastern Christian Churches that recognize only three ecumenical councils — the First Council of Nicaea, the First Council of Constantinople and the Council of Ephesus. They reject the dogmatic definitions of the Council of Chalcedon. Hence, these Churches are also called Old Oriental Churches or Non-Chalcedonian Churches.
Foundation.
The history of all Oriental Orthodox Church goes back to the very beginnings of Christianity. They were founded by the apostles or by their earliest disciples and their theology did not undergo any significant change in the course of their history.
Missionary rule.
The Oriental Orthodox Churches had a great missionary role during the early stages of Christianity and played a great role in the history of Egypt.
Schism.
According to the canons of the Oriental Orthodox Churches, the four bishops of Rome, Alexandria, Ephesus (later transferred to Constantinople) and Antioch were all given status as Patriarchs; in other words, the ancient apostolic centres of Christianity, by the First Council of Nicaea (predating the schism) — each of the four patriarchs was responsible for those bishops and churches within his own area of the Universal Church, (with the exception of the Patriarch of Jerusalem, who was independent of the rest). Thus, the Bishop of Rome has always been held by the others to be fully sovereign within his own area, as well as "First-Among-Equals", due to the traditional belief that the Apostles Saint Peter and Saint Paul were martyred in Rome. 
The schism between Oriental Orthodoxy and the rest of the Church occurred in the 5th century. The separation resulted in part from the refusal of Pope Dioscorus, the Patriarch of Alexandria, to accept the Christological dogmas promulgated by the Council of Chalcedon, which held that Jesus has two natures: one divine and one human. This was not because Chalcedon stated that Christ has two natures, but because the council's declaration did not confess the two natures as inseparable and united. Pope Dioscorus would accept only "of or from two natures" but not "in two natures." 
To the hierarchs who would lead the Oriental Orthodox, this was tantamount to accepting Nestorianism, which expressed itself in a terminology incompatible with their understanding of Christology. Founded in the Alexandrine School of Theology it advocated a formula stressing the unity of the Incarnation over all other considerations. 
The Oriental Orthodox churches were therefore often called Monophysite, although they reject this label, as it is associated with Eutychian Monophysitism; they prefer the term "non-Chalcedonian" or "Miaphysite" churches. Oriental Orthodox Churches reject what they consider to be the heretical Monophysite teachings of Eutyches and of Nestorius as well as the Dyophysite definition of the Council of Chalcedon.
Christology, although important, was not the only reason for the Alexandrian Church's refusal of the Council of Chalcedon; political, ecclesiastical and imperial issues were hotly debated during that period.
In the years following Chalcedon the patriarchs of Constantinople remained in communion with the non-Chalcedonian patriarchs of Alexandria, Antioch, Jerusalem, while Rome remained out of communion with them, and in unstable communion with Constantinople. It was not until 518 that the new Byzantine Emperor, Justin I (who accepted Chalcedon), demanded that the Church in the Roman Empire accept the Council's decisions. Justin ordered the replacement of all non-Chalcedonian bishops, including the patriarchs of Antioch and Alexandria. The extent of the influence of the Bishop of Rome in this has been a matter of debate. 
The technical reason for the schism was that the Bishops of Rome and Constantinople excommunicated the non-Chalcedonian bishops in 451 for refusing to accept the "in two natures" teaching, thus declaring them to be out of communion.
Persecution.
One of the most salient features of the history of Oriental Orthodoxy has been the ceaseless persecution and massacres suffered under Byzantine, Persian, Muslim and Ottoman powers.
Modern days.
The Oriental Orthodox communion comprises six groups: Coptic Orthodox, Syriac Orthodox, Ethiopian Orthodox, Eritrean Orthodox, Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church (India) and Armenian Apostolic churches. These six churches, while being in communion with each other are completely independent hierarchically and have no equivalent of the Bishop of Rome or Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople
By the 20th century the Chalcedonian schism was not seen with the same relevance, and from several meetings between the authorities of Roman Catholicism and the Oriental Orthodoxy, reconciling declarations emerged in the common statement of the Oriental Patriarch (Mar Ignatius Zakka I Iwas) and the Pope (John Paul II) in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19331798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331798" title="Aitebar">
Aitebar

Aitebar was the third album of the Pakistani band Vital Signs.
Track listing.
All music arranged, composed and produced by Vital Signs. All songs written by Shoaib Mansoor.
Personnel.
All information is taken from the CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19331805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331805" title="Koronas-Foton">
Koronas-Foton

Koronas-Foton (), also known as CORONAS-Photon (Complex Orbital Observations Near-Earth of Activity of the Sun-Photon), was a Russian Solar research satellite. It is the third satellite in the Russian Coronas programme, and part of the international Living With a Star programme. It was launched on 30 January 2009, from Site 32/2 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome, aboard the final flight of the Tsyklon-3 rocket. On 1 December 2009 all scientific instruments on the satellite were turned off due to the problems with power supply that were caused by a design flaw. On 18 April 2010 the creators of the satellite announced it was lost "with a good deal of certainty".
Overview.
The goal is to investigate the processes of free energy accumulation in the sun's atmosphere, accelerated particle phenomena and solar flares, and the correlation between solar activity and magnetic storms on Earth. Launch occurred successfully on 30 January 2009, and the first batch of science data was downloaded from the satellite on 19 February 2009. The satellite operates in a 500 x 500 km x 82.5° polar low Earth orbit and was expected to have an operational lifetime of three years. It developed power system problems during the first eclipse season, about six months after launch, and contact with the satellite was lost on 1 December 2009. The satellite returned to life on December 29, after its solar panels received enough light to power its control systems, but attempts to revive the satellite failed, and the satellite is considered lost.
On 5 July 2009, Koronas-Foton's TESIS telescope registered the most powerful solar outburst of the year so far, lasting 11 minutes, from 06:07 to 06:18 GMT. Solar X-ray pick intensity reached С2.7 in a 5-level scale used to classify solar flares. The last equally powerful outburst occurred in 25 March 2008.
Development.
Koronas-Foton is a successor to the Koronas-F and Koronas-I satellites, launched in 1994 and 2001 respectively. It is being operated by the Russian Federal Space Agency, the Moscow Engineering Physics Institute and the Research Institute for Electromechanics. It was built using a bus constructed for Meteor-M weather satellites.
Koronas-Foton also carries three Indian "Roentgen Telescope" or "RT" instruments: RT-2/S, RT-2/G, and RT-2/CZT. These will be used to conduct photometric and spectrometric research into the Sun, and for low-energy gamma-ray imagery. These instruments will be operated by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), and were constructed by a collaboration of the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research and Indian Centre for Space Physics.
Instruments.
The satellite’s scientific payload includes an array of 12 instruments. Eight instruments were designed for registering electromagnetic radiation from the Sun in a wide range of spectrum from near electromagnetic waves to gamma-radiation, as well as solar neutrons. Two instruments were designed to detect charged particles such as protons and electrons.
Scientific instruments
Service systems

</doc>
<doc id="19331845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331845" title="Algernon Greville (disambiguation)">
Algernon Greville (disambiguation)

Algernon Greville (1798–1864) was an English soldier and cricketer, and Bath King of Arms.
Algernon Greville may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19331848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331848" title="List of windmills in Essex">
List of windmills in Essex

A list of all windmills and windmill sites which lie in the current Ceremonial county of Essex.
Notes.
Unless otherwise stated, the source for all entries is the five volume Essex Windmills, Millers and Millwrights.
All mills are listed against the parish in which they were when built, which may not always be the parish with which they are most often associated. This affects-

</doc>
<doc id="19331852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331852" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg

The Men's Freestyle 100 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19331857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331857" title="Baden-Powell Award">
Baden-Powell Award

The Baden-Powell Scout Award (BPSA), or B-P Award, is the highest youth award achievable in the Scout and Guide Movement in several countries. Although, with the withdrawal of the Rover Section from most Scout Associations it has become a less common award, it is still awarded by Guide and Scout Associations in several countries, including Australia, Brazil, Guatemala, Hong Kong, Singapore, South Africa, New Zealand and in non-World Organisation of the Scout Movement (WOSM) Associations in the United Kingdom.
Australia.
Scouting.
Once they have completed their Rover Skills Badge, members of Rovers (Australia) are able to earn the Baden-Powell Scout Award through either of two methods, outlined below;
Method A.
Method A is the more popular version of the Baden-Powell Scout Award, also known as the "Traditional" Method, as it is more clearly defined with targets for its badges.
Method B.
Method B includes the Spiritual Development, Intellectual & Emotional Development, Social Development and Physical Development Badges.
Guiding.
In Girl Guides, participants have the option of completing two different versions of the award, the Junior BP and the BP. Both awards involve the completion of activities (chosen by the guide) in the following categories: Promise and Law, Outdoors, Patrol System, Service, World Guiding and Guiding traditions. In the Junior BP, Guides must complete a total of 12 activities, in the BP they must complete 18. In both awards, the Guide receives an Endeavor badge when they are halfway through. 
The Junior BP and BP serve as preparation for the Queen's Guide Award, however it is not essential to complete either to do Queen's Guide. Also, the BP Award can be attempted without having done the Junior BP prior. 
New Zealand.
The Baden Powell Award is a peer recognition Award, not a badge that can be earned on the completion of a set of criteria.
The Rover Crew, in consultation with the Regional Rover Leader, awards the Baden Powell Award for a member which:
South Africa.
South African Scout Association.
South African Rover Scouts are required to complete four of the seven available Rover proficiency awards in order to qualify for the B-P Award. The B-P Award is awarded after it has been recommended by the District Commissioner, the Rover Scout Leader and the Crew Council who must agree that the Rover has been setting an example of living a lifestyle reflecting the Rover motto of "Service".
United Kingdom.
The Scout Association.
The Scout Association no longer operate a Rover Scout section, having abolished the section in 1964, and they no longer offer the Baden-Powell Award.
Baden-Powell Scouts Association.
The Baden-Powell Award is available to invested Rovers of the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association. The BPSA requirements for the award are similar to the "Traditional" option used by Rovers Australia. The Rover must hold the Scoutcraft Star, Service Training Star, Rover Rambler's Badge and Rover Project Badge. They are also required to show that they have been setting a personal example of the "Scout Way of Life" and to complete an interview with the Chief Commissioner of the Baden-Powell Scouts’ Association.
Girlguiding UK.
The Baden-Powell Award continues on in the Guide programme for those who have been in Guides for at least two years prior to starting on the award challenges. Guides must complete challenges from five different categories known as 'Zones' - Healthy lifestyle, global awareness, discovery, skills and relationships and celebrating diversity. They must also go on a specified residential weekend away from home with other Guides also working to complete their Baden-Powell challenge before they can be given the award.
Hong Kong.
Scout Association of Hong Kong.
Baden Powell Award continues the training progress of the Rover Scout Award. Self planning and managing are pre-requisite to
achieve this highest award. During the course from planning to operation, Rovers could equip themselves with a positive value of
living, learning Scout knowledge, technique and attitude.
The topics of Baden Powell Award are same as the Rover Scout Award in which Service, Scoutcraft and Exploration are compulsory, whilst Scout Knowledge, Self-development, Interpersonal Skills, Personal Pursuit and Look Wide are optional. Rovers are required to take 3 amongst the 5 options for assessment.
The assessment of the Baden Powell Award is arranged by the RHQC (RS). Certificate and award will be issued when confirmed and approved by AHQ after the recommendation of Regional Commissioner and District Commissioner.

</doc>
<doc id="19331865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331865" title="William McCune">
William McCune

William McCune (December 1953 – May 2011) was an American computer scientist and logician working in the fields of Automated reasoning, Algebra, Logic, and Formal Methods. He was best known for the development of the Otter, Prover9, and Mace4 automated reasoning systems, and the automated proof of the Robbins conjecture using the EQP theorem prover.

</doc>
<doc id="19331870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331870" title="Médéric Catudal">
Médéric Catudal

Médéric Catudal (November 24, 1856 – May 8, 1939) was a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Napierville in the Canadian House of Commons from February 8, 1883 to January 15, 1887. He was a member of the Liberal Party.
Catudal was born in Napierville, Quebec, the son of Toussaint Catudal and Marie-Marceline Poissant. He married Marie-Louise Clara Paquin in the United States on May 15, 1884, and emigrated from Canada to the United States sometime after the end of his term in Parliament. The 1900 US census shows that he was living in Campbell, Nebraska. By 1910, the US Census shows that he and his family were living at 1126 Grandview Street in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19331875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331875" title="Clemente Isnard">
Clemente Isnard

Clemente José Carlos de Gouvea Isnard, O.S.B. (July 8, 1917 – August 24, 2011) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
Isnard was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in 1917 and was ordained a priest on December 19, 1942 of the Order of Saint Benedict. He was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Nova Friburgo on April 23, 1960 and was ordained bishop July 25, 1960. Isnard remained at the diocese for over 30 years, retiring July 17, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19331892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331892" title="Noizemag">
Noizemag

NoiZe Magazine is a published guide to circuit parties, gay dance events, and festivals. For 12 of its 18 years, it was known under its original name Circuit Noize.
Noize has been quoted and referenced in mainstream publications such as "Out", "The New York Times", "Genre", and the "Chicago Tribune". Original "Circuit Noize" articles have been used by various local AIDS and gay health organizations for education, safe sex, and harm reduction. In 1998, the documentary film "Got 2b There" by José Torrealba featured "Circuit Noize" as an authority within the circuit community.
History.
Started in late 1993 by Steve Kammon from Florida, the first issue was nothing more than a foldout flyer listing upcoming gay-themed benefit events occurring on what was becoming known as "the circuit". Kammon was witty and passionate about the parties he loved, and the general sense of community that they inspired in him. For the second issue, he partnered with friends Stephen Ceplenski and Gary Steinberg—an L.A. couple also deeply involved in the circuit scene—who agreed to publish "Circuit Noize" as a magazine instead of a flyer, selling ads to the promoters of the parties listed in the calendar. The magazine has run quarterly ever since.
As "Circuit Noize" became a fixture in the circuit scene, Kammon listed the events and helped create the very idea of a "circuit" of gay benefit parties. He also gave a platform to friends in the circuit community to express themselves, exploring the issues facing the mostly gay audience that attended these events regularly. Kammon himself wrote regularly about things such as circuit spirituality and the complexities of drug use in the scene. In addition, Kammon ran regular features profiling the DJs, promoters, and personalities that made the circuit come alive. In 1998, Kammon turned to a friend from New York, Jeffery Taylor, who took up the duty of editing the submissions for clarity and grammar, as well as producing profile content.
Themes.
The roots of the circuit lie in the all-night bacchanals pioneered by people such as Larry Levan and places such as the Saint at Large. Urban gay men suddenly had the opportunity to mingle and party freely amongst themselves with a brash openness that had been unheard of until then, and the explosion of the Stonewall movement ushered in an era of cultural and sexual expression that was both liberating to gay men and somewhat shocking to the average heterosexual. The harsh reality check of the AIDS crisis in the '80s forced these revelers to fight a long, lonely battle to raise money and awareness for a disease that many ignorant people felt they deserved. Benefit beach parties sprang up in the gay summer hideaway of Fire Island, and soon the concept took off and became a staple for raising the much-needed funds to get the ball rolling for local AIDS treatment and prevention organizations such as Gay Men’s Health Crisis.
Once the circuit became a definable concept, the list of parties vying to be included grew longer and longer. Some notable events include White Party in Miami, Black Party in New York, Cherry in D.C, and Southern Decadence in New Orleans. "Circuit Noize" listed them all, and covered the events and the lifestyle surrounding them.
Kammon was well aware of the complex psychological and personal issues that the circuit audience left at the door when they came out to play, and addressed topics such as safer sex, harm reduction in relation to drug use, and overall spirituality and wellness. Despite the minor controversies that sprang up around the circuit as it became a global playground for a mostly white, wealthy demographic, Kammon never stopped believing in the importance of the community that it provided to the circuit crowd. Even those who never attended the parties soon got the idea that there was a worldwide network of people celebrating gay culture and raising money to help those in need, and some would argue that the circuit helped cement the idea of a global gay community into the minds of the general public.
Evolution and redesign.
On September 13, 2006, Steve Kammon died, leaving the ownership and maintenance of "Circuit Noize" in the hands of Ceplenski, Steinberg, and Taylor. Taylor enlisted his friend and a "Circuit Noize" columnist, Michael Taylor (no relation), to help him helm the editorial side, and at the end of 2006 the four met in L.A. to brainstorm how to best carry on Kammon's legacy. The decision was made to do a re-launch as "noiZe", encompassing everything that Kammon held dear as well as updating the design elements and broadening the content to include things not directly circuit-related but relevant to their gay audience. Introducing the tagline "Celebrate. Explore. Live.", "noiZe" promised to cover the circuit as well as the events, people, and issues that had grown beyond the circuit.
The move was misunderstood by some to be a repudiation of the circuit, and was greeted with mixed reactions, sparking a piece in "Out" magazine by Steve Weinstein, a well-respected New York editor and journalist. The piece, titled "Save the Last Dance", questioned whether the name change reflected a larger decline within the circuit world, and noted that different types of events, such as festivals and all-gay cruises, were on the rise.
These changes, far from proving that the circuit was dead, were actually a reflection of how successful the circuit concept had become over the years. There was a dedicated audience for these types of events, and more importantly, the circuit audience was willing and able to travel extensively to participate. Hoping to grab some of these gay travel dollars, outfits like Atlantis started producing gay vacation packages in Mexico as well as a successful series of gay cruises in places such as the Caribbean, Spain, and Asia. The concept of the circuit party itself was also expanding into the idea of longer festivals—Black & Blue in Canada, Sydney Mardi Gras in Australia, as well as Europride and Loveball in Europe. Gay pride festivals all over the world also took on some circuit aspects, throwing huge closing parties with top circuit DJs and performers. Working now as "noiZe" allowed more free rein in covering all of these events.
The first issue of noiZe, and the 51st issue overall, laid out the "noiZe" mission in a piece called "Flipping the Circuit Breaker", which asked:
"NoiZe" then made the unlikely move of recruiting Steve Weinstein to be their editor-in-chief, asking him to help get out the message that "noiZe" would still cover the circuit as well as emerging forms of gay entertainment and fundraising. With a veteran editor at the helm, "noiZe" looks to continue expanding its message and continue its influence within the gay community with regards to hard reduction, safe sex, and the responsibilities of partying with integrity.

</doc>
<doc id="19331901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331901" title="Swim diaper">
Swim diaper

A swim diaper is a diaper that is made for those who have incontinences and is to be worn underneath a bathing suit, or as a bathing suit. Swim diapers serve the purpose of containing waste.
Swim diapers can be reusable and disposable. They are not intended to be absorbent, but misinformation regarding the use of swim diapers is common. Typically, it is assumed that a swim diaper should be absorbent, or contain urine, like a regular diaper. However, the purpose of a swim diaper is only to contain solid waste; the lack of absorbency prevents the swim diaper from swelling up with water. Urine is sterile, so this does not pose a hygienic risk.
Often reusable swim diapers are lined with a fiber which encourages the solid waste to cling to the fiber without an absorbency layer. A snug fit in the legs and waist are key to function. The disadvantages of a reusable swim diaper is that they must be washed to be reused. On the other hand, a disposable swim diaper is only partially biodegradable and repeated purchases may cost more than reuse. One of the most popular brands of disposable swim diapers is Little Swimmers, marketed under the Kimberly-Clark Huggies brand. Procter & Gamble produces the rival brand Pampers Splashers. Both are sold in three sizes: small (16–26 lb or 7–12 kg), medium (24–34 lb or 11–15 kg) and large (over 32 lb or 14 kg+). Due to their design for swimwear, they are not as absorbent and not intended for regular diapering.
Swim diapers at public pools.
Some public pools require swim diapers for use by young children and the incontinent out of hygiene concerns. For the same reason, other pools do not allow swim diapers at all. Sick children who are not potty-trained and do not wear swim diapers may be responsible for the transmission of e. coli from fecal matter.
When not used properly, or when using inferior products, health experts caution that swim diapers may not protect pool water against communicable diseases, such as norovirus.

</doc>
<doc id="19331902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331902" title="Tess of the D'Urbervilles (TV serial)">
Tess of the D'Urbervilles (TV serial)

"Tess of the D'Urbervilles" is a 4-hour BBC television adaptation of Thomas Hardy's book of the same name. The script is by David Nicholls. It tells the story of Tess Durbeyfield, a low-born country girl whose family find they have noble connections.
The series commenced in the United Kingdom on 14 September 2008 and ran until 5 October 2008 airing in four parts on BBC One. In the United States, it aired as part of PBS's "Masterpiece Classic" in two parts from 4 January until 11 January 2009. In Australia, ABC1 also opted to air this series as a two-part special each Sunday at 8:30pm from 11 April until 18 April 2010.
The cast features Gemma Arterton as Tess, Hans Matheson as Alec, Eddie Redmayne as Angel, Ruth Jones as Joan, Anna Massey as Mrs d'Urberville and Kenneth Cranham as Rev Clare.
Production.
Writing.
David Nicholls first read Hardy's famous novel at the age of 16, but on reapproaching the story over 25 years later he says "it seemed to cry out for a new screen adaptation". He described it as "a wonderfully emotionally-charged story, both intensely romantic and startlingly violent". In adapting the novel for the screen Nicholls gave particular focus to the character of Tess as "an active, forceful, opinionated young working-class woman" and not merely a "passive victim". He was also "keen to emphasise that this is very much a novel about young people in love".
On completion of the project Nicholls said he was "delighted" with how it turned out, hoping audiences would find it "faithfully captures the light and shade of Hardy's masterpiece".
Filming.
Nicholls worked closely with director David Blair to ensure the visual style of the series complimented his faithful adaptation of the story. The episodes were largely filmed in Gloucestershire and Wiltshire and shot on high quality 35mm film rather than on digital video for a richer and more romantic appearance. Nicholls observed that "any adaptation of Hardy has to capture the beauty of his nature writing without forgetting that this is a brutal, unforgiving landscape", and that "the production should be beautiful but not 'pretty'; it should be about characters in a landscape, not just the landscape."
The series made extensive use of location shooting. Filming took place in many parts of southern England, including Thomas Hardy's native Dorset. Nicholls recalled how he found "Tess and Angel's farewell in the morning light at Stonehenge... the most moving scene in English literature, so to be able to recreate it, at dawn, on location at the correct time of year, has been tremendously exciting."
Cast and characters.
Primary characters.
Arterton said, "I was attracted to the role because stripped down, it's such a basic story about love and missed opportunities, everyone can relate to it. It's also just brilliant, brilliant storytelling."
She perceives Tess as "a straightforward country girl, very pretty, but unaware of her beauty. Although people chip away at her life, she grows stronger, which is the incredible thing about her."
Matheson observed that "Although Alec's actions are extreme, they're unconscious. So you have to understand him as a human being, as well as a villain." He also found the story "about the countryside... spring and the seasons and the descriptions of love" and found it surprising how few cinematic versions there were of the tale, because "the novel is so filmic."
Redmayne heaped praise on the novel and the character of Tess, acknowledging that "Hardy had the boldness to create a character with great strength at that time, which I think is what makes her so enduring and relevant today".
Reception.
Reaction to the serial was mixed, generating mainly warm but unenthusiastic reviews. Most critics were impressed with the acting, especially of Gemma Arterton's portrayal of the titular character, but found the series period details to be anachronistic for the era.
Euan Ferguson of "The Guardian" praised the first and second episodes as "wonderful", and that while it lacked the "bubbling, sprited humour of Cranford" it was "less insipid than so much Austen". He also acclaimed Arterton as "terribly subtle" in the leading role.
Hermione Eyre of "The Independent" called it a "commendably faithful adaptation" and praised Arterton's performance in the titular role, asserting that the actress "brims with life and spirit". Eyre did acknowledge, however, that the version lacked the "power" of Roman Polanski's 1979 version.
Robert Hanks, also of "The Independent", noted that the series "looks lovely" but perhaps "a bit too lovely". While noting Gemma Arterton as "gorgeous" he found the acting "mostly fair to middling" with the exception of Anna Massey, whom he called "quite brilliant" in the role of Mrs D'Urberville. Hanks also bemoaned the lack of realism, noting that too many costume dramas today "can’t afford to remind the viewer too explicitly just how grubby and laborious life was in the days before indoor hot running water, automatic washing machines and biological powder".
In the US Mary McNamara of the "Los Angeles Times" found Blair was able to make "full and gorgeous use of Hardy's depiction of Tess as Earth Goddess" and praised the "visceral visual beauty" elicited from the landscape. She also found Arterton "a marvelous Tess" which she saw as important "considering the film pretty much lives or dies with her performance".
Brian Lowry of "Variety" also acclaimed Arterton's performance; calling her "wide-eyed and lovely" he praised how she "conveys the pitiful plight of her simple character trapped in an unforgiving society". He was, however, critical of the pacing, saying that the series soon becomes an "arduous trek". Still he found that "the payoff is strong enough to justify all that hiking across lush countryside".
David Wiegand of the "San Francisco Chronicle" was less than impressed. He found David Blair's direction "competent" but also criticised the show's regard for period authenticity, finding that "the impoverished Durbeyfields and other villagers look a bit too well scrubbed and freshly laundered and that Wessex itself is a bit too pretty". Nevertheless he remarked that Gemma Arterton was "excellent" and that the serial would "do as a reminder of Hardy's timeless appeal until something better comes along".
Several viewers, while enjoying the series overall, noted that the hymn 'How Great Thou Art' was anachronistic. Some were disturbed enough to complain to the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="19331913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331913" title="Marcel Lachmann">
Marcel Lachmann

Marcel Lachmann (born December 6, 1908, date of death unknown) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 he was part of the French field hockey team which was eliminated in the groups stage of the 1928 Olympic tournament. He played one match as halfback.
Eight years later he was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played one match as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19331927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331927" title="Andrzej Huszcza">
Andrzej Huszcza

Andrzej Huszcza (born 10 March 1957 in Krępa, Poland) is a former Polish international motorcycle speedway rider who was a reserve (did not ride) in the 1988 World Final in Vojens, Denmark.
Huszcza rode for Falubaz Zielona Góra for thirty years from 1975 until 2005. He then spent two seasons with PSŻ Poznań before finally retiring aged fifty. Huszcza spent two seasons in the UK riding for the Hackney Hawks, Reading Racers and the Leicester Lions in the British League.
In 2008 he returned to ZKŻ Zielona Góra as coach.
Andrzej Huszcza is the father of three daughters, Iwona, Maja and Kasia.

</doc>
<doc id="19331931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331931" title="Əhmədbəyli">
Əhmədbəyli

Əhmədbəyli or Akhmedbeyli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19331934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331934" title="Eitel-Friedrich Kentrat">
Eitel-Friedrich Kentrat

Eitel-Friedrich Kentrat (11 September 1906, Amnéville – 9 January 1974) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Kentrat sailed with the , and , sinking twenty-one ships on seven patrols, for a total of of Allied shipping including the . He is noted for completing World War II longest combat patrol. "U-196" had left Kiel on 13 March 1943 and reached Bordeaux on 23 October 1943, 225 days later.
Kentrat was a witness to battleship 's last battle on 27 May 1941. Naval command had ordered under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Herbert Wohlfarth to retrieve "Bismarck"s war diary. The order was then passed on the "U-74". Both U-boats failed to reach "Bismarck" on time. "U-74" picked up three sailors, Georg Herzog, Otto Höntzsch, and Herbert Manthey, from a rubber raft.
Kentrat was severely criticised by the "Befehlshaber der U-Boote" (BdU) for his lack of support for . Commander Robert Bartels of "U-197" had radioed a distress signal on 20 August 1943. The correct response by any boat in the vicinity, according to orders, would have been to come to aid at top speed. The BdU twice ordered "U-196" to come to aid before Kentrat responded accordingly by that time "U-197" and the entire crew were lost at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19331940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331940" title="Claude Roques">
Claude Roques

Claude Roques (born September 16, 1912, date of death unknown) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played two matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19331954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19331954" title="PEMBEC High School">
PEMBEC High School

PEMBEC High School was a state school in the Pemberton district of Wigan, Greater Manchester, with Business and Enterprise College status.
The school had a "Gifted and Talented" programme that had given it its highest number of pupils with A and A*s at GCSE.
PEMBEC was closed in August 2011, and the site is now named 'Central Park'. Run by Wigan Warriors Rugby League Club, Central Park offers vocational training and further education programmes for 14 to 19 year olds. The provision also offers extensive facilities to be used by the local community as well as new Headquarters for the Rugby League Club, a sophisticated base for the Warriors Community and Foundation operations and a Centre of Excellence for the highly reputed Wigan Warriors' Youth Development Programme.

</doc>
<doc id="19332004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332004" title="Massimo D'Alema">
Massimo D'Alema

Massimo D'Alema (; born 20 April 1949) is an Italian politician. He is also a journalist and a former national secretary of the Democratic Party of the Left (PDS). He was the 53rd Prime Minister from 1998 to 2000, and later he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2008.
Biography.
Massimo D'Alema was born in Rome on 20 April 1949, the son of , a communist politician. He is married to Linda Giuva, a professor at the University of Siena, and has two children, Giulia and Francesco. He later became a notable member of Italian Communist Party (PCI), part of which in 1991 gave origin to the Democratic Party of the Left (PDS), and in 1998 to the Democrats of the Left (DS). In 1998, succeeding Romano Prodi, he became Prime Minister, as the leader of The Olive Tree centre-left coalition. He was the first former Communist to become prime minister of a NATO country and the first Prime Minister of Italy born after Italy became a Republic in 1946.
While D'Alema was Prime Minister, Italy took part in the NATO bombing of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1999. The attack was supported by Silvio Berlusconi and the centre-right opposition, but the far left strongly contested it.
In the internal life of his party, mostly during its transition from PCI to PDS, D'Alema stressed that its roots in Marxism should be renovated, with the aim to create a modern European social-democratic party.
He has been the director of "L'Unità", formerly the official newspaper of the Italian Communist Party, which since became the newspaper of the Democrats of the Left.
D'Alema was Member of the European Parliament for Southern Italy with the Democrats of the Left, part of the Party of European Socialists group, and sat on the European Parliament's Committee on Fisheries and its Committee on Foreign Affairs, until he stood down following his election to the Italian Chamber of Deputies.
Following Romano Prodi's win in the April 2006 election, D'Alema was initially tipped to become President of the Italian Republic once the Chamber of Deputies reconvened, but D'Alema himself stepped back, endorsing the official candidate of the centre-left coalition, Giorgio Napolitano, who was elected. Immediately following the April 2006 election, he was proposed as the future President of the Chamber of Deputies. The Communist Refoundation Party, however, strongly pushed for Fausto Bertinotti to become the next President. After a couple of days of heated debate, D'Alema stepped back to prevent a fracture between political parties, an act applauded by his allies. The same month, he was appointed as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs in the new Prodi government. He served in those posts until 2008, when Prodi's government fell and Berlusconi's right-wing coalition prevailed in the election that followed in April 2008. D'Alema was re-elected to the Chamber of Deputies in this election as part of the recently formed Democratic Party.
2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict.
While Italian Foreign Minister in the 2006-2008 Romano Prodi center-left government, Massimo D'Alema took a very pro-active diplomatic stance during the 2006 Lebanon War. Italy led negotiations with the Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni and was proposed by Israel to head the multinational peacekeeping mission Unifil, although the dangers of the mission for Italian troops sparked warnings from the center-right opposition that it could prove a "kamikaze" mission, with the peacekeepers sandwiched between Israel and the well-armed Hezbollah. D’Alema pledged Italy’s willingness to enforce the United Nations resolution on Lebanon and urged other European Union member states to do the same because the stability of the Middle East should be a chief concern for Europeans.
On the European scene.
D'Alema was briefly a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2006. Since 2003 he has been member of the scientific committee of Michel Rocard and Dominique Strauss-Kahn's association "A gauche en Europe". He still figures on the European scene; he signed the Soros letter ('As concerned Europeans') and has called for a stronger European integration.
Since 30 June 2010 D'Alema has been the president of the Foundation for European Progressive Studies (FEPS), the political foundation of the Party of European Socialists.
Career.
Awards.
"See also:" European Parliament election, 2004 (Italy)
Books.
Massimo D'Alema published eight books, half of which with Mondadori, which is controlled by Fininvest, the family holding company of Silvio Berlusconi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19332028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332028" title="Scott Hutchinson">
Scott Hutchinson

Scott E. Hutchinson is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate representing the 21st district. He also served as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 64th District from 1992 to 2013. In 2012, Hutchinson was elected to the Pennsylvania State Senate to succeed retiring incumbent Mary Jo White.
Career.
Hutchinson served in a number of roles in Venango County prior to his election to the House. He was the chief deputy county treasurer for Venango County from 1984 to 1992. In addition, he was a member of the Oil City Area School Board from 1986-1992. He was also a member of the Venango County Board of Assistance until 1992.
He was Republican chairman of the House Environmental Resources and Energy Committee and a member of the House Veterans Affairs and Emergency Preparedness Committee.
He was elected in an uncontested election to the Pennsylvania Senate to represent the 21st district. He succeeded Republican Mary Jo White, who retired at the end of her term in 2012.
Personal.
Hutchinson graduated from Oil City Area High School and received a bachelors degree in economics from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1983. He has also studied at the University of Pittsburgh at Titusville and Thiel College. 
He married Mary Beth Radkowski in 1993 and the couple now have three children (Sophie, Anne Marie, and Lucy) and live in Oil City.

</doc>
<doc id="19332039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332039" title="Kamallı">
Kamallı

Kamallı or Kemally or Kyamally or Kayamally may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19332043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332043" title="Jean Rouget">
Jean Rouget

Jean Rouget (born November 7, 1916, date of death unknown) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played one match as forward.
Twelve years later he was part of the French field hockey team which was eliminated in the group stage of the 1948 Olympic tournament. He played one match as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19332079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332079" title="Theodore Aylward">
Theodore Aylward

Theodore Edward Aylward (Jr.), 1844-1933
Theodore was born in Salisbury and later became a pupil of S. S. Wesley and was Organist of St. Matthew's Church, Cheltenham, St. Columba's College, Rathfarnham (1866) and St. Martin's, Salisbury, before succeeding Francis Edward Gladstone at Llandaff Cathedral in 1870. He was recommended to the Dean and Chapter of Chichester Cathedral by Walter Parratt (then Organist of Magdalen College, Oxford) after stringent competition, and was therefore appointed Organist and Master of the Choristers at Chichester Cathedral. In 1886, Aylward left Chichester and was appointed Organist of the Public Hall, and of St. Andrew's Church in Cardiff. He is often confused with his great great uncle, Theodore Aylward Sr., sometime Organist & Master of the Choristers of St. George's Chapel, Windsor.

</doc>
<doc id="19332094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332094" title="Alan Aerts">
Alan Aerts

Alan Aerts is a world powerlifting and benchpress champion, born May 6, 1956. Aerts has polycythemia, a fatal blood disease. He is also the former owner and operator of the largest vending machine business in the San Jose, California area, "Custom Vending Systems". Aerts served on the city council of Monte Sereno, California.
Powerlifting and Bench Press.
Alan is the current holder of the men's benchpress world record in the 140 kg weight class for men 50 and over, at 202.5 kg (446.2 lbs.). Alan holds numerous powerlifting and benchpress championships and records in both open and master's competitions, including California, US, and World champion.
Alan Aerts serves as a California state powerlifting referee. He also serves as the World Powerlifting Federation records chairman.
His wife, Bonnie Aerts, is also a powerlifting and benchpress champion and bodybuilder, holding the United States Powerlifting Federation bench press record in her weight class in 2006.
Polycythemia.
Aerts has a rare blood disease called polycythemia, which causes the body to produce excess red blood cells. Although the disease can be treated for a time, this disease is always fatal. Despite this condition, Aerts continues to compete in powerlifting and bench press competitions, and has become world champion in his weight class after being diagnosed with the disease.
Public Citizen.
Aerts was prominent in Monte Sereno, California where he resided in the 1990s and early 2000s. In 2006 he was awarded "Citizen of the Year" by the city of Campbell, California. He ran for Monte Sereno City Council 2006, and was a commissioner (?-2006) and a city councilman (2007, 2008) for the City of Monte Sereno, California. He has been a very generous philanthropist, donating significant money and time to charities including Guide Dogs for the Blind, Special Olympics, and local charities.
His business, "Custom Vending Systems," was named "Business of the Year" by the city of Campbell, California in 2005, and was the leading vending machine business in Silicon Valley. In 2013 Aerts retired from vending, sold his business, and moved to Nevada.
After years of creating elaborate Christmas season displays (including cookies and punch for visiting children) at his home, with decorations costing in excess of $150,000 and drawing tens of thousands of visitors, Aerts became the target of neighborhood controversy over the traffic, parking, and other disruption to the neighborhood resulting from all the attention to the displays. Aerts attempted to alleviate concerns by hiring private security to help with traffic management on the four-home court where he lived.
Local residents signed a petition, and the city council voted in an ordinance, often referred to as the "Alan Aerts" ordinance, that prevented the popular display starting in 2003. In protest, the Aerts' raised a statue of The Grinch, which garnered the event attention and coverage in media including The Associated Press, The New York Times, The Daily Show on Comedy Central, MSNBC, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, National Public Radio (NPR), and local newspapers and television shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19332098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332098" title="Jorge Scarso">
Jorge Scarso

Jorge Scarso, O.F.M. Cap. (born August 13, 1916) is an Italian born Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. Currently one of oldest Catholic bishops and one of oldest Brazilian bishops.
Scarso was born in Modica, Italy in the summer of 1916. He was ordained priest on June 28, 1942 with the Capuchin Order and appointed the Auxiliary bishop of The Diocese of Patos de minas as well as Titular bishop of Gemellae in Numidia on November 29, 1967. He was ordained bishop March 25, 1968 and would lated be appointed bishop of The Diocese of Patos de minas, where he remained until his retirement on January 8, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19332105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332105" title="Yermasoyia, Cyprus">
Yermasoyia, Cyprus

Yermasoyia (, also transliterated as Germasogeia) is a municipality of the Limassol District of the island of Cyprus. Its current mayor is Andreas Gavrielides, elected in 2008 with the backing of the DISY party.
The village was fortified in the medieval period by the Knights Templar. Yermasoyia dam was built there in 1968.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Yermasoyia is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="19332119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332119" title="1989 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1989 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1989 Individual Speedway World Championship was the 45th Speedway World Championship held since it was first held in 1936. It was the second time the championship was held in West Germany after previously being held in Norden in 1983.
Summary.
The World Final was held at the Olympic Stadium in Munich. Hans Nielsen made up for his 1988 run-off defeat to fellow Dane Erik Gundersen by scoring a 15 point maximum to take his 3rd World Championship. Neilsen joined Ove Fundin (Sweden), Barry Briggs and Ivan Mauger (New Zealand), Ole Olsen and Erik Gundersen (Denmark), as a three time Speedway World Champion.
Simon Wigg from England finished second with the track suiting his Long track style. Wigg defeated fellow Englishman Jeremy Doncaster in a run-off for second and third places.
In what would prove to be his last World Final before his career ending crash in the World Team Cup Final at the Odsal Stadium in England just two weeks later, Erik Gundersen finished in fourth place. His chances of victory ending when his bike's engine seized while leading heat 14 causing him to not finish the race.
World final.
"* Troy Butler replaced the injured Jan O. Pedersen"

</doc>
<doc id="19332132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332132" title="Paul Sartorius">
Paul Sartorius

Paul Hélène Marie Joseph Sartorius (September 20, 1912 – November 2002) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Roubaix and is the nephew of Émile Sartorius.
Sartorius was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played four matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19332135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332135" title="The Hit Sound of the Everly Brothers">
The Hit Sound of the Everly Brothers

The Hit Sound of the Everly Brothers is an album by The Everly Brothers, released in 1967. It was re-released on CD by Collectors' Choice Music in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19332138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332138" title="Musalı">
Musalı

Musalı or Musaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19332140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332140" title="Germaine Greer">
Germaine Greer

Germaine Greer (born 29 January 1939) is an Australian academic and journalist, and was a major feminist voice of the mid-20th century.
Greer's ideas have created controversy ever since her book "The Female Eunuch" became an international best-seller in 1970, turning her into a household name and bringing her both adulation and opposition. She is also the author of many other books including "Sex and Destiny: The Politics of Human Fertility" (1984); "The Change: Women, Ageing and the Menopause" (1991); "Shakespeare's Wife" (2007); and "The Whole Woman" (1999).
Greer has defined her goal as "women's liberation" as distinct from "equality with men". She asserts that women's liberation meant embracing gender differences in a positive fashion – a struggle for the freedom of women to define their own values, order their own priorities and determine their own fates. In contrast, Greer sees equality as mere assimilation and "settling" to live the lives of "unfree men".
Greer's various views, not just those related to feminism, have attracted much controversy throughout her career.
Early life and career.
Greer was born in Melbourne in 1939, growing up in the bayside suburb of Mentone. Her father was a newspaper advertising rep' who served in the wartime RAAF. After attending a private convent school, Star of the Sea College, in Gardenvale, she won a teaching scholarship in 1956 and enrolled at the University of Melbourne. After graduating with a degree in English and French language and literature, she moved to Sydney, where she became involved with the Sydney Push social milieu and the anarchist Sydney Libertarians at its centre. Christine Wallace, in her unauthorised biography, describes Greer at this time:
For Germaine, Push provided a philosophy to underpin the attitude and lifestyle she had already acquired in Melbourne. She walked into the Royal George Hotel, into the throng talking themselves hoarse in a room stinking of stale beer and thick with cigarette smoke, and set out to follow the Push way of life – "an intolerably difficult discipline which I forced myself to learn". The Push struck her as completely different from the Melbourne intelligentsia she had engaged with in the Drift, "who always talked about art and truth and beauty and argument "ad hominem"; instead, these people talked about truth and only truth, insisting that most of what we were exposed to during the day was ideology, which was a synonym for lies – or bullshit, as they called it". Her Damascus turned out to be the Royal George, and the Hume Highway was the road linking it. "I was already an anarchist", she says. "I just didn't know why I was an anarchist. They put me in touch with the basic texts and I found out what the internal logic was about how I felt and thought. "
By 1972 Greer would identify as an anarchist communist, close to Marxism.
In her first teaching post, Greer lectured at the University of Sydney, where she also earned a first class MA in romantic poetry in 1963 with a thesis entitled "The Development of Byron's Satiric Mode". A year later, the thesis won her a Commonwealth Scholarship, which she used to fund her doctorate at the University of Cambridge in England, where she became a member of the all-women's Newnham College.
Professor Lisa Jardine, who was at Newnham at the same time, recalled the first time she met Greer, at a formal dinner in college:
Greer joined the student amateur acting company, the Cambridge Footlights, which launched her into the London arts and media scene. Using the pen name Rose Blight, she also wrote a gardening column for the satirical magazine "Private Eye", and as Dr. G, became a regular contributor to the underground London magazine "Oz", owned by the Australian writer Richard Neville. The 29 July 1970 edition was guest-edited by Greer, and featured an article of hers on the hand-knitted Cock Sock, "a snug corner for a chilly prick". She also posed nude for "Oz" on the understanding that the male editors would do likewise: they did not. Greer was also editor of the Amsterdam underground magazine "Suck", which published a full-page photograph of Greer: "stripped to the buff, looking at the lens through my thighs". Greer has said that "cunt" is one of the few remaining words in the English language with a genuine power to shock."
In 1968 she received her PhD on the topic of Elizabethan drama with a thesis titled "The Ethic of Love and Marriage in Shakespeare's Early Comedies", and accepted a lectureship in English at the University of Warwick in Coventry. The same year, in London, she married British carpenter and remodeller Paul du Feu, but the marriage lasted only three weeks, during which, as she later admitted, Greer was unfaithful several times. The marriage ended in divorce in 1973.
Middle career.
Following the success of "The Female Eunuch", Greer resigned her post at the University of Warwick in 1972 after travelling the world to promote her book. She co-presented a Granada Television comedy show called "Nice Time" with Kenny Everett and Jonathan Routh, bought a house in Italy, wrote a column for "The Sunday Times", then spent the next few years travelling through Africa and Asia, which included a visit to Bangladesh to investigate the situation of women who had been raped during the conflict with Pakistan. On the New Zealand leg of her tour in 1972, Greer was arrested for using the words "bullshit" and "fuck" during her speech, which attracted major rallies in her support.
In the mid-1970s, Greer appeared on conservative William F. Buckley's "Firing Line". In his memoir, Buckley recalled that Greer had "trounced him" during the debate. He wrote, "Nothing I said, and memory reproaches me for having performed miserably, made any impression or any dent in the argument. She carried the house overwhelmingly." In 1979 Greer was appointed to a post in the University of Tulsa, Oklahoma, as the director for the Center of the Study of Women's Literature. She was also the founding editor of "Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature", an academic journal, during 1981–82.
Later career.
In 2000 a female student was charged with assault and unlawful imprisonment of Greer in her own house. The student subsequently pleaded guilty to harassment, and the other charges were withdrawn.
Greer appeared alongside Daniel O'Donnell, the popular Irish crooner, on an RTÉ chat show in 2006. While O'Donnell spoke about love, cooking and his mother's pancakes, Greer mocked him by making faces to camera behind his back. The normally unflappable O'Donnell confronted her and some bitter words were exchanged.
Over the years Greer has continued to self-identify as an anarchist or Marxist. In her books she has dealt very little with political labels of this type, but has reaffirmed her position in interviews. She stated on ABC Television in 2008 that "I ought to confess I suppose that I'm a Marxist. I think that reality comes first and ideology comes second," and elaborated later in the program to a question on whether feminism was the only successful revolution of the 20th century saying:"The difficulty for me is that I believe in permanent revolution. I believe that once you change the power structure and you get an oligarchy that is trying to keep itself in power, you have all the illiberal features of the previous regime. What has to keep on happening is a constant process of criticism, renewal, protest and so forth." Speaking on an interview for 3CR (an Australian community radio station), also in 2008, she described herself as "an old anarchist" and reaffirmed that opposition to "hierarchy and capitalism" were at the centre of her politics.
In January 2012, Greer appeared on the BBC television programme "Question Time" and affirmed her membership of the British Liberal Democrat party.
The University of Melbourne announced on 28 October 2013 that it will become the global repository for the lifetime archive of Greer's work. The archive includes letters from family, friends, writers, artists, academics, broadcasters, editors, scholars, critics, politicians and neighbours, in addition to numerous other items and will fill over 150 filing cabinet drawers. The transfer of the archive from Greer's British home will commence in July 2014 and the University will raise A$3 million in donations to facilitate the entire process. Greer has stated that the payment she will personally receive will be donated to her charity, The Friends of Gondwana Rainforest.
Works.
"The Female Eunuch".
Greer argued in her book, "The Female Eunuch", that women do not realise how much men hate them, and how much they are taught to hate themselves. Christine Wallace writes that, when "The Female Eunuch" was first published, one woman had to keep it wrapped in brown paper because her husband wouldn't let her read it; arguments and fights broke out over dinner tables and copies of it were thrown across rooms at unsuspecting husbands (Wallace 1997). It arrived in the shops in London in October 1970. By March 1971, it had nearly sold out its second printing and had been translated into eight languages.
"The title is an indication of the problem", Greer told "The New York Times" in 1971, "Women have somehow been separated from their libido, from their faculty of desire, from their sexuality. They've become suspicious about it. Like beasts, for example, who are castrated in farming in order to serve their master's ulterior motives—to be fattened or made docile—women have been cut off from their capacity for action. It's a process that sacrifices vigor for delicacy and succulence, and one that's got to be changed."
Two of the book's themes already pointed the way to "Sex and Destiny" 14 years later, namely that the nuclear family is a bad environment for women and for the raising of children; and that the manufacture of women's sexuality by Western society was demeaning and confining. Girls are feminised from childhood by being taught rules that subjugate them, she argued. Later, when women embrace the stereotypical version of adult femininity, they develop a sense of shame about their own bodies, and lose their natural and political autonomy. The result is powerlessness, isolation, a diminished sexuality, and a lack of joy:
Greer argued that women should get to know and come to accept their own bodies, taste their own menstrual blood, and give up celibacy and monogamy. But they should not burn their bras. "Bras are a ludicrous invention," she said, "but if you make bralessness a rule, you're just subjecting yourself to yet another repression."
Publications in the 1970s and 1980s.
Greer's second book, "The Obstacle Race: The Fortunes of Women Painters and Their Work" (1979), covers its subject until the end of the nineteenth century. It also speculates on the existence of women artists whose careers are not recorded by posterity. Greer translated Aristophanes's "Lysistrata" in 1972.
"Sex and Destiny: The Politics of Human Fertility", published in 1984, continued Greer's critique of Western attitudes toward sexuality, fertility, and family, and the imposition of those attitudes on the rest of the world. Greer's targets again include the nuclear family, government intervention in sexual behaviour, and the commercialisation of sexuality and women's bodies. Greer argued that the Western promotion of birth control in the Third World was in large part driven not by concern for human welfare but by the traditional fear and envy of the rich towards the fertility of the poor. She argued that the birth control movement had been tainted by such attitudes from its beginning, citing Marie Stopes and others. She cautioned against condemning life styles and family values in the developing world.
In 1986, Greer published "Shakespeare", a work of literary criticism, and "The Madwoman's Underclothes: Essays and Occasional Writings", a collection of newspaper and magazine articles written between 1968 and 1985. In 1989 came "Daddy, We Hardly Knew You", a diary and travelogue about her father, whom she described as distant, weak and unaffectionate, which led to claims—which she characterized as inevitable in an interview with "The Guardian"—that in her writing she was projecting her relationship with him onto all other men.
Publications since 1990.
In 1991, "The Change: Women, Ageing, and the Menopause", which the "New York Times" called a "brilliant, gutsy, exhilarating, exasperating fury of a book", became another influential book in the women's movement. In it, Greer wrote of the various myths concerning menopause, advising against the use of hormone replacement therapy. "Frightening females is fun," she wrote in "The Age". "Women were frightened into using hormone replacement therapy by dire predictions of crumbling bones, heart disease, loss of libido, depression, despair, disease and death if they let nature take its course." She argues that scaring women is "big business and hugely profitable". It is fear, she wrote, that "makes women comply with schemes and policies that work against their interest".
"Slip-Shod Sibyls: Recognition, Rejection and the Woman Poet" followed in 1995. This is a selective account of women who wrote poetry in English before 1900; and an examination of why so few female poets have been admitted to the literary canon. Her conclusion is that women were held to different and lower standards than men (hence the "slipshod" sibyls of the title, quoting Alexander Pope), and the poetic tradition discouraged good poetry from women. The book includes a critique of the concept of the woman as Muse, associated with Robert Graves and others, a chapter on the reputation of Sappho and her use as a symbol of female poetry, a chapter on the 17th-century poet Katherine Philips, two chapters on Aphra Behn and one on Anne Wharton, both also of the 17th century; the 17th- and 18th-century poet Anne Finch; and the 19th-century poets Letitia Landon and Christina Rossetti. The book also includes an epilogue on 20th-century female poets, and their propensity for suicide. Greer writes: "Too many of the most conspicuous figures in women's poetry of the 20th century not only destroyed themselves in a variety of ways but are valued for poetry that documents that process".
In 1999, the book "The Whole Woman", a sequel to "The Female Eunuch", was released. In this book Greer discussed what she saw as the lack of fundamental progress in the feminist movement, and criticized some sections of the women's movement for illusions on that score: "Even if it had been real, equality would have been a poor substitute for liberation; fake equality is leading women into double jeopardy. The rhetoric of equality is being used in the name of political correctness to mask the hammering that women are taking. When "The Female Eunuch" was written our daughters were not cutting or starving themselves. On every side speechless women endure endless hardship, grief and pain, in a world system that creates billions of losers for every handful of winners. It's time to get angry again." Chapter titles reveal the themes, including: "Food", "Breast", "Pantomime Dames" (about transsexual women), "Shopping", "Estrogen", "Testosterone", "Wives", "Loathing", "Girlpower", and "Mutilation" (including a discussion of female genital mutilation in the Third World and the West). Her comments about female genital mutilation proved especially controversial in some quarters; for example a United Kingdom House of Commons Committee described her viewpoint as "simplistic and offensive".
In fact, Greer was opposed to the practice and said that feminists fighting to eliminate female genital mutilation in their own countries "must be supported", but had explored some of the complexities of the issue, and the double standards of the West, and warned against using the issue to "reinforce our notions of cultural superiority". She had pointed out that the term "female genital mutilation" was itself simplistic, being used to describe practices varying from "nicking the prepuce of the clitoris to provoke ritual bleeding", to the extreme mutilation of infibulation. She questioned the view that female genital mutilation was necessarily imposed by men on women rather than by women on women, or even freely chosen, adducing some anecdotal evidence to the contrary, and discussed the issue in relation to some of the forms of genital and other bodily mutilations carried out in the West on men and women. She notes for example that the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends female genital mutilation of baby girls with "over long" clitorides and that five such procedures are in fact carried out every day in the United States, without being included in "female genital mutilation" statistics In particular, Greer compared female genital mutilation to the practice of male circumcision: "Any suggestion that male genital mutilation should be outlawed would be understood to be a frontal attack on the cultural identity of Jews and Muslims. The same issues are raised by female genital mutilation. As a practical note for activists: As UN workers in East Uganda found, women would not abandon female circumcision until some similarly significant procedure could take its place."
Other controversial points in this book include Greer's opposition to accepting male-to-female transsexuals as women: "Governments that consist of very few women have hurried to recognise as women men who believe that they are women and have had themselves castrated to prove it, because they see women not as another sex but as a non-sex. No so-called sex-change has ever begged for a uterus-and-ovaries transplant; if uterus-and-ovaries transplants were made mandatory for wannabe women they would disappear overnight. The insistence that man-made women be accepted as women is the institutional expression of the mistaken conviction that women are defective males."
In 2003, "The Beautiful Boy" was published, an art history book about the beauty of teenage boys, which is illustrated with 200 photographs of what "The Guardian" called "succulent teenage male beauty". Greer described the book as an attempt to address modern women's apparent indifference to the teenage boy as a sexual object and to "advance women's reclamation of their capacity for, and right to, visual pleasure". The photograph on the cover was of 15-year old Björn Andrésen in his character of Tadzio in the film "Death in Venice" (1971). The actor has been quoted by journalists as complaining about the picture's use.
In "Whitefella Jump Up: The Shortest Way to Nationhood" (2003), Greer argues that Australians should re-imagine Australia as an Aboriginal nation; she discusses some of the consequences of this, and why she regards it as feasible and desirable. "Jump up" in Aboriginal Kriol can, she writes, mean "to be resurrected or reborn"; and the title refers to occasions when Aborigines apparently accepted whites as reincarnated relatives. Greer suggests that whites were mistaken in understanding this literally, and that the Aborigines were in fact offering the whites concerned terms on which they could be accepted into the Aboriginal kinship system. The essay argues that it may not be too late for Australia as a nation to root itself in Aboriginal history and culture in an analogous way.
In 2007, Greer contributed an essay to the book "Stella Vine: Paintings" which accompanied the major solo exhibition of British painter Stella Vine at Modern Art Oxford museum in England. In May 2007, Greer and Vine took part in a public talk, "Gender & Culture" as part of the Women's International Arts Festival. On 18 September 2007, Greer gave a talk about Vine's art with gallery director Andrew Nairne. Also in 2007, Greer published a biography of Anne Hathaway entitled "Shakespeare's Wife", one of the few books to deal with this subject.
In 2008, she wrote the essay "On Rage" about the widespread rage of indigenous men, published in the series "Little Books on Big Themes" by Melbourne University Publishing, launched by Bob Carr on 15 August 2008. The essay was attacked as "racist" by Aboriginal academic Marcia Langton. The gist of Langton's argument was that Greer was making excuses for the bad behaviour of Aboriginal men.
In 2013, Greer published "White Beech: The Rainforest Years" about her work rehabilitating Australian rainforest at a former 60ha former dairy farm near the Springbrook National Park in southern Queensland, where she discovered an uncommon White Beech ("Gmelina leichhardtii") tree, and that Agent Orange (2,4,5-T), contaminated with the dioxin 2,3,7,8-TCDD, had been sprayed for years.
Other media.
In 1992 Greer wrote an article in "The Guardian" claiming that "men hate women" but that "women cannot hate men". Her comments came in for a great deal of criticism in following day's paper. Greer responded to Christine Wallace's biography, "Germaine Greer: The Untamed Shrew" (1997), by claiming that biographies of living persons are morbid and worthless, as they can only be incomplete. She said: "I don't write about any living women... because I think that's invidious; there is no point in limiting her by the achievements of the past because she's in a completely different situation, and I figure she can break the moulds and start again."
In 1998, Greer wrote the episode "Make Love not War" for the 1998 television documentary series "Cold War". She sat for a nude photograph by the Australian photographer Polly Borland in 1999. The photo was part of an exhibition at Britain's National Portrait Gallery in 2000. It later appeared in a book entitled "Polly Borland: Australians". Greer has made frequent appearances on the BBC's satirical television panel show "Have I Got News for You", including one in the programme's very first series in 1990.
Greer was one of nine contestants in the 2005 series of "Celebrity Big Brother". She had previously said that the show was "as civilised as looking through the keyhole in your teenager's bedroom door". She walked out of the show after five days inside the Big Brother house, citing the psychological cruelty and bullying of the show's producers, the dirt of the house, and the publicity-seeking behaviour of her fellow contestants. However since then she has appeared on spin-off shows "Big Brother's Little Brother" and "Big Brother's Big Mouth". In 2006, Greer appeared twice in an episode of "Extras" playing herself. The play "The Female of the Species" (2006) by Joanna Murray-Smith is loosely based on events in Greer's life, the assault and false imprisonment in 2000, and uses Greer as "inspiration for a comic attack on strident feminism"; the main character's name in that play is Margot Mason. Greer regarded the play as an attack and stated that it was "threadbare".
In September 2006, Greer's column in "The Guardian" about the death of Australian Steve Irwin attracted much criticism and some support. Greer said that "The animal world has finally taken its revenge on Irwin". In an interview with the Nine Network's "A Current Affair" about her comments, Greer said, "I really found the whole Steve Irwin phenomenon embarrassing and I'm not the only person who did," and that she hoped that "exploitative nature documentaries" would now end. Also in 2006, she presented a BBC Radio 4 documentary on the life of American composer and rock guitarist Frank Zappa. She confirmed that she had been a friend of Zappa's since the early 1970s and that his orchestral work "G-Spot Tornado" would be played at her funeral.
In the 2008 Beeban Kidron film "Hippie Hippie Shake", based on Richard Neville's memoir, Greer is depicted by Emma Booth. Greer has expressed her displeasure at being featured in the film.
In January 2011 Greer appeared on BBC mockumentary "Come Fly With Me" as herself.
On 14 March 2012, Greer was glitter bombed at a book signing at the Embassy Theatre in Wellington, New Zealand. A group known as the Queer Avengers was responsible. They were protesting Greer's views on transsexualism, which the group claims are transphobic.
Aboriginal Australians.
Greer has published three pamphlets on Aboriginal issues. According to her own account, she understood little about Aboriginal issues during her early years in Australia, but in England she saw from the perspective of distance that "what was operating in Australia was apartheid: the separation and alienation South Africa tried desperately and savagely to impose on their black majority, we had achieved, apparently effortlessly, with our black minority." On returning to Australia in late 1971 she made a concerted effort "to see as much as I could of what had been hidden from me" travelling for that purpose through the Northern Territory with activist Bobbi Sykes She wrote in 2003: "Though I can claim no drop of Aboriginal blood, twenty years ago Kulin women from Fitzroy adopted me. There are whitefellas who insist that blackfellas don't practise adoption; all I can say is that when I asked about the possibility of assuming Aboriginality, the Kulin women said at once 'We'll adopt you.' 'How do you do that?' I asked, hoping I wouldn't be required to camp in some bleak spot for a month or two, and be painted or smoked and cut about. 'That's it,' they said. 'It's done. We've adopted you.' Since then I have sat on the ground with black women and been assigned a skin and been taught how to hunt and how to cook shellfish and witchetty grubs, with no worse punishment for getting it wrong than being laughed at."
It has been reported in the press that in early 2000, Greer claimed at a press gathering in London that she never set foot in Australia before receiving the permission of the "traditional owners of the land" at Sydney Airport. New South Wales Aboriginal Land Council spokesman Paul Molloy was reported as claiming that she had never asked permission, despite visiting Sydney several times in recent years, and in any case there was no single group of elders that could give such permission to enter Australia.
In assessing the credibility or significance of these press reports it should be noted that Molloy's quoted point was made by Greer herself in her 2003 pamphlet "Whitefella Jump Up": "Aboriginal law cannot now be reapplied. In any case no single body of Aboriginal law would ever have applied to the Australian population as a whole."

</doc>
<doc id="19332157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332157" title="Wismar railbus">
Wismar railbus

The 'Hanover version' of the Wismar railbus ("Wismarer Schienenbus") was developed in the early 1930s as a light railbus for economical passenger services on branch lines in Germany.
History.
As early as the 1920s, light branch lines (the so-called "Kleinbahnen") were looking for ways to operate lightly used routes as cheaply as possible. The overwhelmingly employed mixed trains were very slow because of the time needed for shunting wagons. In addition, only a few trains ran each day. In order to offer faster and more frequent services, railbuses were procured. Because they tended to be one-offs and the technology was not always fully mature, they were often expensive. So attempts were made to use the experience and components from the manufacture of buses. Experiments with converted buses were not successful as their engines were not powerful enough and, moreover, they were not designed for push-pull operations. 
In 1932 the Triebwagen- und Waggonfabrik Wismar AG (Wismar Railcar and Coach Company) built a light, twin-axled railbus, that could be made cheaply because it used numerous components from the manufacture of road vehicles. For example, 40 horsepower Ford petrol engines were installed, together with their drives. The use of road vehicle drives with five forward gears and one reverse gear made the installation of two engines necessary. These were located outside the vehicle body and gave the railbus an unmistakable appearance. 
The Wismar railbus was very much of interest to both "Kleinbahnen" and private railways due to its low costs. In 1932 a prototype was delivered for the Lüneburg–Soltau "Kleinbahn". It was so successful that the Hanover State Kleinbahn Office ("Landeskleinbahnamt Hannover") ordered a batch of nine vehicles for a number of "Kleinbahnen". 
The Wismar railbus had several advantages. Firstly, it was cheap: at 25,000 Reichsmarks, roughly half the cost of a normal railcar. Secondly, it was easy to maintain - the engines were very accessible and spare parts could be obtained from any Ford dealer - and, thirdly, it was relatively comfortable because, although it only offered 3rd class accommodation, the seats were upholstered. 
In 1936 the Wismar coach factory offered 5 different variants:
In practice, however, very few vehicles were delivered exactly in accordance with their basic specification. Generally vehicles were manufactured to the requirements of the customer and about a third could not really be grouped easily into one of the basic classes. 
Up to 1941 59 units of these vehicles were produced and delivered to various railway companies at home and abroad in different rail gauges. In 1935 the Deutsche Reichsbahn took over four railbuses from the Saar railways, that were numbered 133 009 to 133 012, four, more powerful, railbuses with a longer wheelbase were given numbers 135 077 to 080. Although several of these wagons were destroyed during the Second World War or were left abroad after the war had ended, four of these railbuses subsequently joined the Deutsche Bundesbahn fleet, where they were allocated numbers VT 88 900 to 902 (long wheelbase) and VT 89 900 (short wheelbase).
Following the nationalisation of private railways in the GDR, several examples also ended up in the East German Deutsche Reichsbahn, who allocated them the numbers VT 133 505–510, 513–515 (1,435 mm) and 524–525 (750 mm). Railbuses VT 133 513–514 which were remotored in the early 1960s with "Phänomen" Garant lorry diesel engines were renumbered at first to VT 135 501–502.
Due to the long engine bonnets at each end of the railbus that housed the motors for driving in either direction, this railbus was nicknamed the 'Pig's Snout' ("Schweineschnäuzchen"). The vehicles proved to be a real saviour for the "Kleinbahnen", because the high costs of the generally loss-making passenger services on north German light branch lines were able to be considerably reduced. Often the Hanover versions of the railbus replaced trains that only consisted of a loco and one or very few coaches, which were therefore very expensive to operate. But it only needed six paying passengers for the railbus to make a profit. 
A total of 25 railbuses and 3 trailer cars were also delivered to private railways in Spain between 1933 and 1937. Of the vehicles taken over by the Red Nacional de los Ferrocarriles Españoles (RENFE) after the nationalisation of the railways in Spain, four railbuses were rebuilt and fitted with more powerful engines. Others were rebuilt into unmotorised luggage vans. All the railbuses in Spain were retired at the end of the 1960s.
Design.
The wagon body rested on a frame consisting of two lattice girders that converged at the front and rear. The girders had holes in them to save weight. The entire construction was welded, which meant that the Wismar railbus was the first fully welded railway vehicle in Germany. Its profiles were creased and the suspension springs were mounted on rubber sections. The entire railbus weighed just 6 tonnes. 
One feature of this vehicle were the rubber-sprung wheelsets, with rubber elements being inserted between the tyre and the wheel body. So this design feature, which was used on the Intercity-Express, is not actually a modern discovery. However, as a result of the short wheelbase of only 3.5 m to 4 m the vehicle tended to hunt slightly.
The prototype had revolving doors, but most of the production models had 740 mm wide sliding doors. 
At each end there was an identical motor installation with Ford petrol engines, that drove the first axle via a four-geared drive and cardan shaft. Only the front motor facing the direction of travel was used and was operated by the driver's cab at that end. When shunting or if an engine failed, the railbus could also be driven in reverse. 
Students from the Bauhaus school, the famous German design school, helped with the interiors. That can be seen from the clear shapes and the design of the upholstery. The walls were clad with plywood and the floor covered with linoleum. The seats were upholstered and the windows could be partly wound down. The driver's seat, at the end which was not in use, was folded up so that the entrance remained clear. Heating was initially provided by a fresh air heater using the warmth of the engine; later "Webasto" heaters were installed as well. The interior was electrically lit. 
To begin with, Ford AA motors (the lorry version of the Ford Model A) were used, but in 1935 more powerful Ford BB motors were installed, enabling the top speed to be increased from 50 km/h to 60 km/h. These railbuses may be recognised by the vertical grills on the radiators. 
Only two examples of the wood-fired version were built. They had a wood burner installed inside the wagon, replacing a group of seats. These are distinguishable by the missing window. 
Later various motors were installed in the rebuilds, the Deutsche Reichsbahn in the GDR using "Robur Typ 4 KVD 12,5 SLR" engines. 
In order to be able to carry large items of luggage and goods, many railbuses were fitted with roof racks, which were also common on buses. The space next to the bonnets was also often used to attach wire mesh baskets or bicycle racks. 
Another new feature was the livery, with a red coach body and beige window strips. 
Even various passenger and luggage trailers were offered, but only the Fliegerkommandantur List had one of these trailers delivered from "Waggonfabrik Wismar".
Some of the railbuses for the Saar railways were quite different from the standard models. After procuring two of the standard railbuses, two more were ordered with wider doors and benches running fore-and-aft, and a further four railbuses with 6 m wheelbase and diesel motors with common "Mylius" drives, that enabled the vehicle to be driven with both engines simultaneously and both axles to be driven.
In addition they had diesel motors by Humboldt-Deutz.
Preserved.
At least 10 examples have been preserved. See the list of preserved steam locomotives in Germany.
Standard gauge.
Those of standard gauge include vehicles belonging to the:
Narrow gauge.
Narrow gauge examples include vehicles owned by the: 
The former DB-VT 89 900 (ex DRG VT 133 010, ex Saarbahn 72) is at present (2008) being restored by railway fans in Wismar.

</doc>
<doc id="19332161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332161" title="William Sexton (organist)">
William Sexton (organist)

William Sexton, born in 1764 and died in 1824, was an English organist.
He was a chorister of St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle and in Eton College.
He was assistant organist for some years until he was appointed at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle in 1801, a position he held until his death in 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="19332171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332171" title="Richard Wright (musician)">
Richard Wright (musician)

Richard William "Rick" Wright (28 July 1943 – 15 September 2008) was an English musician, composer, singer and songwriter, best known for his career with Pink Floyd. A multi-instumentalist, Wright's richly textured keyboard layers were a vital ingredient and a distinctive characteristic of Pink Floyd's sound. Wright frequently sang harmony and occasionally lead vocals on stage and in the studio with Pink Floyd (most notably on the songs "Time", "Echoes", "Wearing the Inside Out", "Astronomy Domine" and "Matilda Mother").
Though not as prolific a songwriter as his bandmates Roger Waters, Syd Barrett and David Gilmour, he wrote significant parts of the music for classic albums such as "Meddle", "The Dark Side of the Moon" and "Wish You Were Here", as well as for Pink Floyd's final studio album "The Division Bell".
Early life.
Wright, whose father was head biochemist at Unigate Dairies, grew up in Hatch End, North London and was educated at the Haberdashers' Aske's School.
Wright taught himself to play guitar, trumpet and piano at age 12, and took private lessons in musical theory and composition at the Eric Gilder School of Music. Uncertain about his future, he enrolled at Regent Street Polytechnic in 1962. There he met fellow band members Roger Waters and Nick Mason, was a founding member of The Pink Floyd Sound (as they were then called) in 1965, and also participated in its previous incarnations, Sigma 6 and The (Screaming) Abdabs. Although Mason and Waters were competent students, Wright found architecture of little interest and after only a year of study moved to the London College of Music.
Pink Floyd 1967 - 1981.
In the early days of Pink Floyd, Wright was a prominent musical force in the group (although Syd Barrett was the band’s chief songwriter and front man at the time). Wright wrote and sang several songs of his own during 1967–1968. While not credited for vocals on "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn", he sang lead on Barrett-penned songs like "Astronomy Domine" and "Matilda Mother", as well as harmonies on "The Scarecrow" and "Chapter 24". Examples of his early compositions include "Remember a Day", "See-Saw", "Paint Box" and "It Would Be So Nice". As the sound and the goals of the band evolved, Wright became less interested in songwriting and focused primarily on contributing his distinctive style to extended instrumental compositions such as "Cirrus Minor", "Interstellar Overdrive", "Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun", "Careful with That Axe, Eugene", "One of These Days", "Dogs" and to musical themes for film scores ("More", "Zabriskie Point" and "Obscured by Clouds"). He particularly made essential contributions to Pink Floyd's long, epic compositions such as "Atom Heart Mother", "Echoes" (on which he harmonized with Gilmour for the lead vocals) and "Shine On You Crazy Diamond". His most commercially popular compositions are "The Great Gig in the Sky" and "Us and Them" from 1973's "The Dark Side of the Moon". He also contributed significantly to other mid-period Floyd classics such as "Breathe" and "Time", singing the lead vocals on alternate verses of the latter with David Gilmour.
Wright recorded his first solo project, "Wet Dream", which was released in September 1978 with minimal commercial success. Battling both personal problems and an increasingly rocky relationship with Roger Waters, he was forced to resign from Pink Floyd during "The Wall" sessions by Waters, who threatened to pull the plug on the album if Wright did not leave the band. He was retained as a salaried session musician during the live concerts to promote that album in 1980–81. Wright became the only member of Pink Floyd to profit from the initial run of the costly "Wall" shows, since the net financial loss had to be borne by the three remaining "full-time" members. Wright did not attend the 1982 premiere of the film version of "Pink Floyd—The Wall". In 1983, Pink Floyd released "The Final Cut", the only album from the band on which Wright does not appear.
Later life.
During 1984, Wright formed a new musical duo with Dave Harris (from the band Fashion) called Zee. They signed a record deal with EMI Records and released only one album, "Identity", which was a commercial and critical flop. Wright worked as a salaried musician alongside Pink Floyd, following Waters' departure. Because of legal and contractual issues from this "hired gun" status during "The Wall" world tour, his photo was not included in the 1987 album "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" and his name was listed in smaller letters than Mason and Gilmour. In 1994, by which time his reinstatement in the band had become official, he co-wrote five songs and sang lead vocals on one song ("Wearing the Inside Out") for the next Pink Floyd album, "The Division Bell". This recording provided material for the double live album and video release "Pulse" in 1995. Wright, like Nick Mason, performed on every Pink Floyd tour.
In 1996, inspired by his successful input into "The Division Bell", Wright released his second solo album, "Broken China", including contributions from Sinéad O'Connor on vocals, Pino Palladino on bass, Manu Katché on drums, Dominic Miller (known from his guitar work with Sting) and Tim Renwick, another Pink Floyd associate, on electric guitar. "Broken China" marked a new phase in Richard Wright's artistic development and playing style, with extensive use of computer-based recording and production techniques, assisted by Anthony Moore with whom he co-wrote the album's lyrics.
On 2 July 2005, Wright, Gilmour and Mason were joined by Waters on stage for the first time since the "Wall" concerts for a short set at the Live 8 concert in London. This was the last time that all four (post-Barrett) Pink Floyd members performed together. Wright underwent eye surgery for cataracts in November 2005, preventing him from attending Pink Floyd's induction into the UK Music Hall of Fame. 
Wright contributed keyboards and background vocals to David Gilmour's solo album, "On an Island", and performed with Gilmour's touring band for over two dozen shows in Europe and North America in 2006. On stage with Gilmour he performed on Hammond organ, piano, electric piano, Kurzweil K2600 workstation, and even his long-inactive Farfisa organ, which was used for performing "Echoes" and two of Pink Floyd's and Syd Barrett's older songs that Gilmour chose to revisit in his recent concerts. He also provided backing vocals and lead vocals (notably on "Echoes", "Time", "Comfortably Numb", "Wearing the Inside Out" "Astronomy Domine" and "Arnold Layne" – the latter released as a live single). He declined an offer to join Roger Waters and Nick Mason on Waters' "The Dark Side of the Moon Live" tour in order to spend more time working on a solo project.
On 4 July 2006, Wright joined Gilmour and Mason for the official screening of the "P•U•L•S•E DVD". Inevitably, Live 8 surfaced as a subject in an interview. When asked about performing again, Wright replied he would be happy on stage anywhere. He explained that his plan was to "meander" along and said about playing live:
Wright's final vocal performance took place at "The Madcaps Last Laugh" a tribute concert at The Barbican in London on 10 May 2007. It was organised by Joe Boyd in the memory of Syd Barrett who had died the previous July. Boyd rounded up many musical guests all paying their tributes to Syd including Captain Sensible, Chrissie Hynde, Damon Albarn, Kevin Ayers, Kate McGarrigle with Martha Wainwright and Lily Lankin, Mike Heron, Nick Laird Clowes, Vashti Bunyan, Robyn Hitchcock and performing solo, Roger Waters. 
Pink Floyd featuring David Gilmour, Nick Mason and Wright appeared at the end of the show as surprise guests where they performed the song that had started it all, "Arnold Layne" with Wright on lead vocals.
Wright's final live performance was as part of David Gilmour's band at the premiere of Gilmour's concert DVD Remember That Night. It took place on 6 September 2007 at the Odeon Leicester Square, London. After an edited version of the film had been shown, the band took to the stage to jam and Wright played keyboards.
Personal life.
He married his first wife, Juliette Gale, in 1965. They had two children, Gala and Jamie, and divorced in 1982. He married his second wife Franka in 1984. They divorced in 1990. Wright married his third wife Mildred "Millie" Hobbs (to whom he dedicated his second solo album "Broken China") in 1995, with whom he had a son, Ben. Their marriage ended in 2007. From 1984 to 1994 he lived on the island Kefalonia. In 1996, Wright's daughter Gala married Guy Pratt, a session musician who has played bass for Pink Floyd and bandmate David Gilmour since Roger Waters' exit.
In his later years, Wright lived in France and spent time on a yacht he owned in the Virgin Islands.
Death.
Wright died at home, of an undisclosed form of cancer, on 15 September 2008 at age 65. At the time of his death, he had been working on a new solo album, which was thought to comprise a series of instrumental pieces.
His death occurred one week before the release of David Gilmour's "Live in Gdańsk" CD, on which he appeared. The album is the final Pink Floyd-related project to include Wright.
Tributes.
Bandmate David Gilmour said:
Pink Floyd drummer Nick Mason told "Entertainment Weekly":
Former bandmate Roger Waters' website was replaced with a photograph of an array of candles and poppies against a black background; one of the screen images used for the song "Wish You Were Here" in his "Dark Side of the Moon Live" Tour.
Waters issued a statement:
On 23 September 2008, David Gilmour performed "Remember a Day", a Wright composition from Pink Floyd's second album, "A Saucerful of Secrets" (1968), on a live broadcast of "Later... with Jools Holland" on BBC Two as a tribute to Wright. In an interview later on in the show, Gilmour said that Wright had intended to perform with him that day, but that he had texted Gilmour a couple of weeks before his death to advise him that he would not be well enough to attend. This was the first live performance of the song by any member of the band.
On 15 September 2008, Elton John, while playing a concert in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan dedicated the song "Believe" to Wright who had died earlier that day.
Influence.
Wright's style fused jazz, neoclassical and experimental music influences, which complemented the simple harmonic structures of the more blues and folk-based songs of Roger Waters and David Gilmour. As a keyboardist, he was more interested in complementing each piece with organ or synthesizer layers and tasteful piano or electric piano passages. Unlike his contemporaries Rick Wakeman, Tony Banks or Keith Emerson, he opted for solo playing only occasionally, notably in "Atom Heart Mother", "Echoes", "Any Colour You Like", "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" Parts 1–5 and 6–9, "Welcome to the Machine", "Dogs", "Run Like Hell" and "Keep Talking". Wright was known for his ghostly, atmospheric textures such as the Leslie piano arpeggios at the beginning of "Echoes", the echoed Farfisa Organ in the live versions of "Careful with That Axe, Eugene" and "Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun", the distinctive Minimoog solo in "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" and the Wurlitzer passages in "Money", "Time" and the Fender Rhodes riffs in "Sheep". In "A Saucerful of Secrets" and "Sysyphus" he experimented with 'treated piano'. "Sysyphus" also made extensive use of Mellotron sounds, something of a rarity in the Pink Floyd canon.
Equipment.
In the early days of the band, Wright dabbled with brass before settling on the Farfisa Compact Duo electronic organ as his main instrument onstage (in addition to piano and Hammond Organ in the studio). For a brief period in 1969, Wright played vibraphone on several of the band's songs and in some live shows, and he even played trombone on "Biding My Time" (also dating from this experimental period). During the formative years of Pink Floyd with Syd Barrett, Wright relied heavily on his Farfisa organ, fed through a Binson Echorec platter echo, to achieve distinctive sounds that helped the band gain their "psychedelic rock" edge. He used a Mellotron on many Pink Floyd songs recorded in 1968, on "Sysyphus" and on "Atom Heart Mother". He started using a Hammond organ regularly on stage thereafter, and a grand piano later became part of his usual live concert setup when "Echoes" was added to Pink Floyd's regular set list. For tours in the 1970s based around "The Dark Side of the Moon", "Wish You Were Here", "Animals" and "The Wall", the Farfisa was dropped (although it was brought back when Wright toured with David Gilmour on his "On An Island" tour), and an array of other instruments were added to the lineup, such as: Fender Rhodes & Wurlitzer Electric Pianos, Hohner clavinet, VCS 3, Minimoog, ARP String Ensemble and Prophet 5, Roland D-50 synthesizers. From 1987 Wright favoured Kurzweil digital synthesizers for reproducing his analogue synthesizer sounds, even though he still used his favourite Hammond C-3 organ. Throughout his career, Wright was also a proficient multi-instrumentalist. He also played violin, cello, bass, guitar, saxophone, and drums, amongst others.
Discography.
With Pink Floyd.
See Pink Floyd discography

</doc>
<doc id="19332178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332178" title="Gomuşçu">
Gomuşçu

Gomuşçu or Gomushchu or Gemyushchi or Gyumushchi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19332180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332180" title="Claude Soulé">
Claude Soulé

Claude Soulé (born 14 November 1911, date of death unknown) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19332192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332192" title="Goebbels children">
Goebbels children

The Goebbels children were the five daughters and one son born to Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels and his wife Magda Goebbels. The children, born between 1932 and 1940, were murdered by their parents in Berlin on May 1, 1945, the day both parents committed suicide.
Magda Goebbels had an older son, Harald Quandt, from a previous marriage to Günther Quandt. He was not present when his half-siblings were killed.
Naming.
Some writers have contended that their names all began with "H" as a tribute to Adolf Hitler, but there is no evidence to support this; rather, it supports that Magda's "H" naming was the idea of her first husband, Günther Quandt who named his other two children after his first wife beginning with "H".
This claim is supported by Magda's mother, Auguste Behrend, who stated that the family made an innocent hobby of searching for new baby names beginning with "H" for each successive child.
Children.
Harald.
Magda married Günther Quandt in January 1921 and ten months later Harald Quandt was born to the couple. Magda and Günther Quandt's marriage ended in divorce in 1929 and in 1931 Magda married Joseph Goebbels (Adolf Hitler was witness).
Harald not only attended his mother's wedding to Goebbels, but also formed quite an attachment with him, sometimes accompanying him to gatherings, standing on the platform near to "Uncle Joseph" wearing his Hitler Youth uniform. After his appointment as Minister, Goebbels demanded that Harald's father release Magda from her obligation under their divorce settlement, to send Harald to live with him in the event of her remarriage and by 1934, Harald moved completely to the Goebbels' household.
He would later serve as a lieutenant in the Luftwaffe and was the only family member to survive the war, becoming a leading West German industrialist during the 1950s and 1960s. Harald died in 1967, when his personal aircraft crashed over Italy. He was survived by his wife and five children.
Helga Susanne.
Born September 1, 1932. Goebbels was proud of his eldest daughter and would go straight to her cot as soon as he returned from his office, to take her on his lap. Helga was a "daddy's girl" who preferred her father to her mother. She was reported to have been a lovely baby who never cried and just sat listening uncomprehendingly to the Nazi officials with "her blue eyes sparkling". It was not unusual for Hitler, who was fond of children, to take her on to his own lap while he talked late into the night.
She was photographed with Hilde presenting Hitler with flowers on his birthday April 20, 1936.
Helga was 12 years old when she died. Bruises found on her body postmortem (mostly on her face) led to wide speculation that she had struggled against receiving a cyanide capsule, which was used to kill her by crushing it between her teeth.
Hildegard Traudel.
Born April 13, 1934, Hildegard was commonly called "Hilde". In a 1941 diary entry, Joseph referred to her as "a little mouse".
She was photographed with Helga presenting Hitler with flowers on his birthday, April 20, 1936.
Hilde was eleven years old at the time of her death.
Helmut Christian.
Born October 2, 1935, Helmut was considered sensitive and something of a dreamer. In his diary, Goebbels called him a "clown." When his teacher at the Lanke primary school reported, to his father's dismay, that his promotion to a higher form was doubtful, he responded so well to intense tutoring from his mother and his governess that he not only achieved promotion, but also excellent marks. He wore braces on his teeth.
On April 26, 1945, Helmut read aloud his father's birthday speech to Hitler, and responded to Helga's protests that he was copying their father by arguing that no, their father had copied "him".
Hitler's secretary Traudl Junge said that, upon hearing Hitler's gunshot, Helmut shouted "That was a bullseye!" mistaking it for the sound of a mortar landing near the Führerbunker.
Helmut was nine years old at the time of his death.
Holdine Kathrin.
Born February 19, 1937. It is claimed that Holde got her name when the doctor who delivered her, Stoeckel, bent over her and exclaimed ""Das ist eine Holde!"" ("that's a pretty one!") Meissner claims that Holde was the "least lively" of the children and was somewhat "pushed aside" by the others to her considerable distress. He claims Goebbels responded to this by making her something of a favorite, to which she responded with devotion.
She was eight years old at the time of her death.
Hedwig Johanna.
Born May 5, 1938, she was commonly called "Hedda". She had insisted, in 1944, that when she grew up she was going to marry SS Adjutant Günther Schwägermann, having been captivated by the fact he had a fake eye.
She was almost seven years old at the time of her death.
Heidrun Elisabeth.
Born October 29, 1940. Rochus Misch described her as a "little flirt" and said she frequently joked with him in the bunker. "Heide" was four years old at the time of her death. She shared a birthday with her father.
Temperaments.
Magda once described the temperaments of five of her children to her sister-in-law Eleanore (Ello) Quandt by describing how each would react to learning they had been deceived by their spouse:
Family life.
In 1934, in search of privacy for himself and his family, Goebbels bought an imposing house in its own grounds on Schwanenwerder, an island in the River Havel. He also bought a motor Yacht "Baldur" for use on the river. Harald had his own nursery on the first floor while Helga and Hilde shared another. The children not only had ponies, but also a little carriage to ride around the gardens in. Two years later he purchased a neighboring property and extended the park, and included a private "citadel" as his own personal retreat.
Later, the City of Berlin placed a second lakeside house at his disposal, a small castle, Lanke am Bogensee, as an official residence, which was only really large enough for the family to use as a weekend retreat, though Goebbels later added a large modern house on the opposite shore of the Bogensee.
When the Goebbels marriage reached crisis point in the summer of 1938, over Goebbels´ affair with Czech actress Lída Baarová, Hitler himself intervened and negotiated an agreement whereby the actress would be banished and the couple would keep up public appearances for a year subject to any reasonable conditions Magda might make. One of her conditions was that Goebbels would only be able to visit Schwanenwerder and see the children with her expressed permission. If, after that year, Magda still wanted a divorce, Hitler would allow it, with Goebbels as the guilty party, and she would retain Schwanenwerder, custody of the children, and a considerable income.
Goebbels abided scrupulously by the agreement, always calling for permission before visiting and expressing his regret at missing Magda if she was not there, or taking his place, amiably, with his family at the tea table, if she was. It is claimed that the children at no time seemed to be aware that their parents were living separately at this time.
In the media.
In 1937, Helga and Hilde were photographed with their father at the Berlin Frühjahrsregatta.
The public reconciliation agreement in August 1938 was cemented by the appearance of Helga, Hilde and Helmut with their parents in front of the cameras of UFA, as a cinematic image of domestic reconciliation.
In 1939, Goebbels used a concealed camera to film his children as a "healthy" contrast to the handicapped children in a propaganda film intended to promote the euthanasia of handicapped children.
During 1942, the children appeared 34 times in the weekly newsreels, going about their lives, helping their mother, playing in the garden or singing to their father on his 45th birthday. That October, as a gift from the "German Newsreel Company," Goebbels was presented with a film of his children playing.
On February 18, 1943, Helga and Hilde were photographed along with Magda at one of Joseph's best-known events, the total war speech.
Towards the end of 1944, Goebbels sent Magda and his two eldest daughters into a military hospital to be filmed for the weekly newsreels, but abandoned the project on realising that seeing the terrible injuries of the soldiers was too traumatic for his daughters.
Last days.
As the Red Army moved closer at the end of January 1945, Goebbels ordered the removal of his family from the Lanke Castle estate to the relative safety of Schwanenwerder. From there the children could soon hear the rumble of artillery in the east and wondered why rain never followed the "thunder."
By April 22, 1945, the Red Army was entering Berlin and the Goebbels brought their children into the Vorbunker, that was connected to the lower Führerbunker under the Reich Chancellery gardens. Adolf Hitler and a few personnel were staying in the Führerbunker to direct the final defence of Berlin. Red Cross leader Karl Gebhardt wanted to take the children out of the city with him, but was dismissed.
General Bernd Freytag von Loringhoven later described the children as "sad" but Erna Flegel, with whom they had much contact in the bunker, characterised them as "charming" and "absolutely delightful", as did their young governess "Frau K".
Hitler was very fond of the children, and even in the last week of his life still took great pleasure in sharing chocolate with them as well as giving them the use of his bathroom, it being the only one with a bathtub.
They are reported to have played with Hitler's dog Blondi during their time in the bunker complex, where they slept in a single room. While many reports suggest there were three separate bunk beds, secretary Traudl Junge insisted there were only two. The children are said to have sung in unison while in the bunker, performing for both Hitler and the injured Robert Ritter von Greim, as well as having been conducted in play-song by pilot Hanna Reitsch. Junge said that she was with the children on April 30 when Hitler and Eva Braun killed themselves.
Death.
Stories of brutality and rape by the advancing Soviet troops were circulating in Berlin, and there was much discussion in the Führerbunker about suicide as a means to escape humiliation or punishment from the Soviets.
Goebbels's last testament, appended to Hitler's, claimed that his wife and children supported him in his refusal to leave Berlin, qualifying this by asserting that the children would support the decision if they were old enough to speak for themselves. Both pilot Hanna Reitsch (who had left the bunker on April 29) and Junge (who left on May 1) carried letters to the outside world from those remaining. Included was a letter from Magda to Harald who was in an Allied POW camp.
The following day, on May 1, 1945, the Goebbels' six children were injected with morphine (likely by an SS dentist, Helmut Kunz) and then, when they were unconscious, killed by having a crushed ampoule of cyanide placed in their mouths. Accounts differ over how involved Magda was with the killing of her children. According to Kunz, he administered the morphine but it was Magda Goebbels and Ludwig Stumpfegger (Hitler's personal doctor) who administered the cyanide tablets.
Rochus Misch, a radio operator in the bunker, said Werner Naumann told Misch that the children would be given "candy water" by Stumpfegger. Misch had earlier seen poison successfully used on Hitler's dog, Blondi. Another account says that the children were told they would be leaving for Berchtesgaden in the morning, and Stumpfegger was said to have provided Magda with morphine to sedate the children. Erna Flegel claims that Magda reassured the children about the morphine by telling them that they needed inoculations because they would be staying in the bunker for a long time. Erich Kempka reported after the war that he believed the children had been "taken away by a nurse" that day, just before he left the bunker. Some witnesses claimed that Stumpfegger crushed the cyanide capsules into the children's mouths, but as no witnesses to the event survived it is impossible to know. O'Donnell concluded that, although Stumpfegger was probably involved in drugging the children, it was Magda who killed them. He suggested that witnesses blamed the deaths on Stumpfegger because he was a convenient target, having disappeared (and died, it was later learned) the following day. Moreover, Stumpfegger may have been too intoxicated at the time of the deaths to have played a reliable role.
Meissner claims that Stumpfegger refused to take any part in the deaths of the children, and that a mysterious "country Doctor from the enemy-occupied eastern region" appeared and "carried out the fearful task" before disappearing again, but this explanation may owe more to Meissner's characteristic diplomacy and consideration than any reality.
Magda appears to have contemplated and talked about killing her children at least a month in advance. After the war, Günther Quandt's sister-in-law Eleanore recalled Magda saying she did not want her children to grow up hearing that their father had been one of the century's foremost criminals and that reincarnation might grant her children a better future life. Reitsch, who stayed in the bunker after flying Luftwaffe General von Greim in to meet with Hitler, said Magda asked her in the last days to help ensure she did not back away from killing the children if it came to that.
She also refused several offers from others, such as Albert Speer, to take the children out of Berlin. The children seemed unaware of the impending danger, but the eldest child, Helga, seemed to sense that the adults were lying to her about the outcome of the war and asked what would happen to them. Misch was among the last to see the children alive. They were seated around a table in his work area as their mother combed their hair and kissed them, all wearing nightgowns as it was close to their bedtime. Heide, the youngest, had scrambled up onto the table. Helga, whom Misch called the brightest of the children, was "crying softly" just before bedtime on that final night and wore a glum expression. Misch felt Helga had little fondness for her mother. Magda had to push Helga towards the stairs that led to the upper bunker or Vorbunker. Four-year-old Heide, who had tonsilitis and wore a scarf around her neck, turned back to look at Misch, giggling, and teasingly said, "Misch, Misch, du bist ein Fisch," or "Misch, Misch, you are a fish", just before her mother led her and her siblings upstairs. Misch recalled later that he suspected what was about to happen and would always regret not intervening. The children's bodies, in nightclothes, with ribbons tied in the girls' hair, were found in the two-tiered bunk beds where they were killed, when Soviet troops entered the bunker a day later. A Soviet autopsy on Helga's body noted "several black and blue bruises", indicating that she probably woke up and struggled with her killer. A photograph taken during the autopsy showed heavy bruising on the dead child's face. The injuries were apparently caused when her killer forced a cyanide capsule into her mouth.
Aftermath.
On May 3, 1945, the day after Soviet troops led by Lt. Col. Ivan Klimenko had discovered the burned bodies of their parents in the courtyard above, they found the bodies of the six children in their beds, dressed in their nightgowns, the girls wearing bows in their hair.
Vice Admiral Hans Voss was brought to the Chancellery garden to identify the bodies, as was Hans Fritzsche, a leading German radio commentator who had answered directly to Goebbels, the following day. Their bodies were brought to the Buchau Cemetery in Berlin for autopsy and inquest by Soviet doctors. In spite of repeated attempts, even Frau Behrend, the children's grandmother, never learned what became of the bodies. After the fall of the Soviet Union it was revealed that the bodies were repeatedly buried and exhumed, along with the remains of Hitler, Eva Braun, Joseph and Magda Goebbels, General Hans Krebs and Hitler's dogs. The last burial had been at the SMERSH facility in Magdeburg on February 21, 1946. In 1970, KGB director Yuri Andropov authorised an operation to destroy the remains. On April 4, 1970, a Soviet KGB team with detailed burial charts secretly exhumed five wooden boxes. The remains from the boxes were thoroughly burned and crushed, after which the ashes were thrown into the Biederitz river, a tributary of the nearby Elbe.
Rochus Misch, former radio operator for Adolf Hitler, attracted controversy in 2005 when he called for a memorial plaque to be installed in honour of the six Goebbels children. Critics felt it would taint the memory of Holocaust victims to honor the children of the Nazi leader. Despite their parents' crimes, Misch argued that the children themselves were innocent, that to treat them as criminals like their parents was wrong and that they were murdered just as other victims during the war were murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="19332196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332196" title="Israel Bar-On">
Israel Bar-On

Israel Bar-On (; born January 31, 1989) is an Israeli singer, who won Israel's "Kokhav Nolad" (A Star is Born) song contest in 2008.
Bar-On was born in Beersheba to a religious family. He won the final of "Kokhav Nolad 6" contest on August 26, 2008, with 56% of the votes. For the show's finale, he performed an autobiographical song about his new life without parents and religion. 
Bar-On did not serve in the Israel Defense Forces. After winning the contest it was rumored that the show's producers would attempt to arrange his enlistment.

</doc>
<doc id="19332214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332214" title="Sergey Mironov (footballer)">
Sergey Mironov (footballer)

Sergey Nikolayevich Mironov (; born 13 March 1988) is a Russian football defensive midfielder who currently plays for FC Piter Saint Petersburg.
Club career.
Zenit.
Mironov started playing football at the age of eleven in his native Novgorod and didn't planned to became a pro until his coaches told him he has got talent. In 2003 he moved to Saint Petersburg to train in DYuSSh Smena and in 2005 he was accepted into FC Zenit reserves, signing a professional contract with the club. He had a bright start and played 66 games for reserves over three years, scoring once, but after that it was decided that he isn't good enough to join the first team.
Before 2008 season he tried to find himself a new club in the two top Russian leagues, namely having a trial with Zvezda Irkutsk, but failed and was loaned to Ykkönen (Finnish second tier) team TP-47. There during two months he played under the guidance of Russian coach Sergey Butenko, and then gone on another loan to Bulgarian OFC Sliven 2000 where he made 3 A PFG appearances.
Smena-Zenit.
After returning to Russia he resumed training with Zenit reserves before their head coach Anatoly Davydov persuaded him to went on trial to Vladimir Kazachyonok's FC Smena-Zenit. He signed for Smena-Zenit before 2009 season and was chosen as the young team's captain.
After the end of the season in which the team finished at low 16th place, Zenit implemented another change in the club's structure, resulting in FC Smena-Zenit being dissolved and its functions being passed to DYuSSh Smena-Zenit team of U-18s. Mironov thus had to pursue his career elsewhere.
Dinamo Vologda.
In 2010 he joined another Russian Second Division zone West team Dinamo Vologda alongside his former Smena-Zenit team mates Anton Arsenyev and Oleg Babenkov.
JK Kalev Sillamäe.
In February 2011, Mironov signed a one-year deal with Meistriliiga side JK Kalev Sillamäe, reuniting with coach Vladimir Kazachyonok from FC Smena-Zenit.
International career.
Mironov was a captain of Russia national youth football team of his age since 2003, also playing for team of 1987-born on occasion. He played his last youth international game for Russia U-19 in 2006.
Playing style and potential.
Back in December 2006, Zenit reserves coach Aleksey Strepetov rated Mironov as a talented defensive midfielder, noting his hard work and commitment. He has, however, blamed an overuse in youth international football for slowing down Mironov development, also adding that his limited offensive abilities may be a stumbling block for the footballer to play at the highest level.

</doc>
<doc id="19332220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332220" title="François Verger">
François Verger

François Verger (November 29, 1911 – December 31, 2001) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played four matches as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="19332221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332221" title="Fast Freight (film)">
Fast Freight (film)

Fast Freight is a 1929 "Our Gang" short silent comedy film. It was the 85th "Our Gang" short that was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19332226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332226" title="2007 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
2007 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

Vania King and Jelena Kostanić were the defending champions. They were both present but did not compete together.
Kostanic partnered with Jill Craybas, but lost in the first round to Camille Pin and María Emilia Salerni.
King partnered with Chia-jung Chuang, but Tiantian Sun and Zi Yan defeated them 1–6, 6–2, 10–6, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19332232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332232" title="Kolachi">
Kolachi

Kolachi () may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19332242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332242" title="Anatole Vologe">
Anatole Vologe

Anatole Vologe (May 25, 1909 – May 24, 1944) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the French field hockey team, which finish fourth in the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19332256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332256" title="Melissa Stott">
Melissa Stott

Melissa Stott (born 1972) is a UK-born jazz singer-songwriter of English and Singapore-Chinese descent. Her songwriting style has been described as mainstream jazz with more contemporary flavours, and her music has been released on the FeetFirst Records label, by producer Leo Feigin of UK avant-garde label Leo Records.
Early life.
Melissa was born in Manchester and grew up in Cheshire and Derbyshire, her family moving south to Hertfordshire when she was 11 and Singapore when she was 16. She grew up "humming harmonies at the dinner table", studied classical piano from the age of 6 and was involved in musical activities during her school years and while at the University of Kent at Canterbury, where she graduated in Drama. She was also active as a dancer, studying with Leo Kersley. In early 1996 she toured Denmark and Sweden with Big Wheel Theatre In Education finally settling in Italy in September 1996. From 2000 to 2002 she worked as an actress and puppeteer for [http://www.funsongs.co.uk FunSongs alongside Charles Goodger.
Career.
Melissa Stott’s debut album "Why Now" (2005) was entirely self-penned and was recorded at Artesuono Recording Studio in Udine, Italy, by Stefano Amerio, and featured a group of Italian musicians (See Band). There was also a guest appearance by Serbian trumpet and flugelhorn player Stjepko “Steve” Gut on several tracks. Pieces from the album were broadcast on stations in Europe, USA, Canada and Mexico, and received very favourable reviews [http://www.melissastott.com/press. The pieces which received most radio play were "Ella", "Mami’s Kitchen" and "Dreaming".
"The Picture" (2007) is the title of the second album composed of 13 original pieces by Melissa Stott. Chris Parker, in the liner notes, states that “her material, dealing as it does with thoroughly contemporary emotional concerns, communicates with twenty-first-century audiences with all the ease of popular music.” The album features the original group with the addition of tenor sax and violin.
Melissa performs at jazz clubs, theatres and in festivals with large and small groups, ranging from a duo to a full orchestra. She appeared on the front page of The Irish Examiner in October 2005 as part of The Guinness Jazz Festival. 
She has also taken part in various musicals including "Hair", "Chicago", "Cats", "Grease", "The Little Shop of Horrors", "Mary Poppins", "Some Like It Hot", "The Boy Friend", "My Fair Lady" and numerous other musical shows, as a singer, pianist, dancer, choreographer and actress. She currently teaches at the School of Musicals course of Onda Blu, Vergato, Italy.
Melissa Stott is the creator of "Epic Diva and Fallen Star" Clarissa Sport [http://www.youtube.com/user/clarissasport]. Featuring original songs written by Melissa, and parodying popular music videos, this project is directed by Enrico Cover. Somewhere between an imperfect starlet and a drag queen, Clarissa is sometimes wistful, sometimes joyful, sometimes cynical and sometimes as camp as the proverbial row of tents, reflected in her ample following among the LGBT community.
Band.
Band members featured on "Why Now" and "The Picture":
Discography.
Compilations.
The vocalese piece "Suspicion" featured on a compilation of artists, including Dizzy Gillespie and Marcus Miller by "Jazz Magazine" (Italy).

</doc>
<doc id="19332257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332257" title="Abdirahman Ahmed Ali Tuur">
Abdirahman Ahmed Ali Tuur

"For the executed Somali politician, see Abdirahman Ahmed"
Abdirahman Ahmed Ali Tuur (, ) (var. "Tur", "Tour", meaning "Hunchback") was a Somali politician. He was the first President of Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.
Biography.
Tuur was born in 1931 in Burao, then a part of the British Somaliland protectorate. He hailed from the Isaaq clan.
In a professional capacity, Tuur worked as a government official and diplomat in Somalia's post-independence government. He later became the Chairman of the Somali National Movement (SNM), a guerilla force mainly drawn from his Isaaq clan, which was attempting to topple former President of Somalia Siad Barre's military regime. Although the SNM at its inception had a unionist constitution, it eventually began to pursue a separatist agenda, looking to secede from the rest of Somalia. Under Tuur's leadership, the local administration declared the northwestern Somali territories independent on 18 May 1991. He then became the newly established Somaliland polity’s first President, but subsequently renounced the separatist platform in 1994. Tuur concurrently began instead to publicly seek and advocate reconciliation with the rest of Somalia under a power-sharing federal system of governance. In doing so, he also represented the interests of many other Isaaq members, who were against secession; particularly those within his own sub-clan. Tuur additionally lent some support to the UNOSOM peace-building mission in the southern regions. This alienated him from Somaliland's succeeding government as well as certain former followers.
When support for Tuur in southern Somalia failed to materialise, he was exiled to Ethiopia for almost a decade, before returning to Somaliland on 10 February 2003, 9 months before his death on 8 November 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19332284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332284" title="Alcázar de Colón">
Alcázar de Colón

The Alcázar de Colón, or Columbus Alcazar, located in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, is the oldest Viceregal residence in America, and forms part of the Colonial Zone of Santo Domingo World Heritage Site. The building houses the Museo Alcázar de Diego Colón, whose collection exhibits the Caribbean's most important ensemble of European late medieval and Renaissance works of art, which were acquired in the 1950s. The Tapestry collection (spanning from the 15th to 17th centuries) is particularly important and unique in the Caribbean, and includes pieces produced by the Flemish Van Den Hecke family from cartouches created by Charles Le Brun. The Alcázar is the most visited museum in Santo Domingo.
The palace is an impressive construction of coralline blocks that once housed some fifty rooms and a number of gardens and courtyards, although what remains today is about half the size it once was. It was built under Diego Colón, the son of Christopher Columbus; when he became Viceroy of La Española and the Indies in 1509, he ordered the construction of a family home and governor’s mansion between 1510 and 1512.
During the early Spanish colonial period, the mansion occupied a very important place in history. It was from here that many expeditions of conquest and exploration were planned. In 1586, the palace was sacked by Sir Francis Drake and his forces. As the influence of Santo Domingo waned, the house fell into ruins, and by the mid-18th century was abandoned and in danger of rotting away. It was rescued and extensively restored between 1955 and 1957, being filled with period furniture, artwork, and other accessories. A self-guided tour using a portable audio speaker that discusses each room's function is available in various languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19332292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332292" title="Falmouth Train Station (Massachusetts)">
Falmouth Train Station (Massachusetts)

The former Falmouth Train Station is located on Depot Avenue in Falmouth, Massachusetts. The station, which is today used as a bus station, hosted its last train in 1989. 
The original station.
The original station in Falmouth was placed in service in 1872 when the Old Colony Railroad inaugurated service on the Wood Hole Branch.
The second station.
In 1912 the original station was sold to the Swift family who moved it across the tracks. In its place the New Haven Railroad built a replacement brick station, which stands to this day. 
Failed passenger service.
Passenger service to Falmouth ceased in 1989, when the Cape Cod and Hyannis Railroad truncated its rail service in North Falmouth. That same year, a mini high level platform was built when commuter service was proposed by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in order to ease traffic congestion in the seasonally popular town. 
Falmouth rail service remained a hotly debated topic for nearly two decades, as the housing boom of the 1990s and 2000s took hold. With a new platform in Falmouth that, interestingly, never saw a passenger, resumption of passenger and freight service was promised by the commonwealth. However, pro-rail trail advocates welded considerable political influence with state representative Eric Turkington who passed legislation before leaving office in 2008 that provided funding for the extension of the rail trail to North Falmouth. In June 2008, the line was cut back to North Falmouth and replaced with an extension of the existing bike path.
Bus terminal and rail trail.
The former Falmouth train station today is used as a bus depot by the Cape Cod Regional Transit Authority and Peter Pan Bus Lines. The rail line that once carried trains to the station has today been converted into bike path which is known as the Shining Sea Bikeway.

</doc>
<doc id="19332301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332301" title="The Cyborg from Earth">
The Cyborg from Earth

The Cyborg from Earth is a 1998 science fiction novel by Charles Sheffield. It is the fourth in a series of unrelated stories, published by Tor Books in their Jupiter line. 
Plot introduction.
The novel starts in a future dystopian Earth where the upper class lives a life of privilege, while most others live in the "pool", an endless crowd of unemployable youths depending on government assistance or crime for survival. The book is told from the perspective of the main character, Jefferson Kopal, a young member of an immensely wealthy and powerful spaceship building family founded by his Great Grandfather, Rollo Kopal, an Admiral in the Space Navy. As part of the bylaws, all voting members of the company must have served honorably in the Navy. Young Jeff is about to take his final test...
Plot summary.
""Jefferson Kopal is a coward. He knows it, and if he doesn't do something about it soon, so will everyone else."" This is the self evaluation of the primary protagonist of the novel. Jeff is about to take his final test before a Navy Review Board to see if he is fit for duty as an officer in the Space Navy. After failing the test most valiantly, Jeff is assigned to the Navy's Border Command, a seemingly exile from the solar system and prestigious Central Command, where all the great Kopals have served. Jeff is assigned to a ship that will take him into the Messina Dust Cloud, or Cyborg Territory, as it is called by the residents of the Solar System. After a confrontation with his Cousin, Jeff leaves Kopal Manor and heads into space. Adjustment to Naval life is at first hard on Jeff until he meets the two "'jinners" or engineers. He is at once at ease with them and is able to show his true interest, engineering. Unfortunately, Captain Dufferin, the Commanding Officer, feels that the Kopals are a plague on the Space Navy and intends to make Jeff suffer for his last name. Jeff is sent to the forward observation bubble prior to the jump to The Messina Dust Cloud. While contemplating his current situation, Jeff notices the formation of a "space sounder", a terrifying anomaly that has been know to destroy whole star ships coming directly for the ship. Jeff warns the Bridge and blacks out as the ship takes evasive action to avoid certain death. When Jeff awakes, he finds that he has been abandoned by Captain Dufferin and the majority of the crew. Mercy Hooglich, one of the 'jinners Jeff had befriended, explains how the captain and other officers had taken the runabout back to the Solar System, and are going to charge Jeff with dereliction of duty. Jeff also learns that his injuries were so extensive that to be saved, the medical technology of the Cloud, namely, nanotechnology, had to be used. The remainder of the story revolves around the "rebellion" of the Cloud Territory as well as Jeff fighting to restore his name and place in the family business.
In the end, Jeff finds that he is not a coward and everyone else know that as well.
Continuity.
The engines used by Vanguard Mining's spacecraft are Diabelli Omnivores. This particular brand of engine is used repeatedly throughout Sheffield's books, across many different fictional settings.

</doc>
<doc id="19332329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332329" title="William Llewellyn (bishop)">
William Llewellyn (bishop)

The Rt Rev. William Somers Llewellyn was the inaugural Bishop of Lynn from 1963 until 1972.
Born on 16 August 1907 and educated at Eton and Balliol, he was ordained in 1936 and began his ecclesiastical career with a Curacy at Chiswick. From 1940 until 1946 he was a Chaplain to the Forces and then Vicar of Tetbury, from when on he was to have a deep affinity with the area. Additionally Rural Dean of the area from 1955, in 1961 he was appointed Archdeacon of Lynn and Suffragan Bishop a year later. On retirement he continued to serve the church as an Assistant Bishop within the Gloucester Diocese. He died on 22 July 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19332336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332336" title="Noize">
Noize

Noize may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19332339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332339" title="Sean O'Kane">
Sean O'Kane

Sean O'Kane (born 11 November 1964), is a Scottish actor from Bellshill near Glasgow.
Career.
Sean O'Kane grew up in Cambuslang, in a family with twelve siblings. He was interested in acting as a child, then at the age of 19, after a stint in the Territorial Army, O'Kane left the country. He took on stunt work, modeling and acting in student films, and arrived in Hollywood in the early 1980s. His first role was as Precinct cop Det. McKenzie on "Cagney and Lacey". When the cast and crew discovered his young age, and the fact that he lived in the parking lot in a truck, they took him under their wings, and O'Kane appeared in several episodes over three years, although having a thick Glasgow accent impeded his chances of speaking on the show. After laying down "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie" on tape at the request of Tyne Daly, in return she encouraged the young actor to learn more accents to broaden his talents. He left the show at Christmas of 1985, after being scouted by LA Models who sent him to Europe, and for the next three years he traveled the world non-stop modeling. O'Kane landed his first leading role in the British TV game show "Interceptor" (1989). He went on to star and co-star in films such as "Magic Island" (1995), "Stone Soup" (1993), and TV's "Dream Team" (1997), "Sharpe's Justice" (1997) and "Taggart", as well as numerous voice-overs on such films as "Million Dollar Baby", "Patriot Games" and "Blown Away".
References.
2. Family

</doc>
<doc id="19332350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332350" title="Wormsloe Historic Site">
Wormsloe Historic Site

The Wormsloe Historic Site, informally known as Wormsloe Plantation, is a state historic site near Savannah, Georgia, in the southeastern United States. The site consists of protecting part of what was once the Wormsloe Plantation, a large estate established by one of Georgia's colonial founders, Noble Jones (c. 1700-1775). The site includes a picturesque oak avenue, the ruins of Jones' fortified house built of tabby, a museum, and a demonstration area interpreting colonial daily life. 
In 1736, Noble Jones obtained a grant for of land on the Isle of Hope that would form the core of Wormsloe. He constructed a fortified house on the southeastern tip of the island overlooking the Skidaway Narrows, a strategic section of the Skidaway River located along the intracoastal waterway roughly halfway between downtown Savannah and the Atlantic Ocean. The fortified house was part of a network of defensive structures established by James Oglethorpe, founder of Georgia, and early Georgia colonists to protect Savannah from a potential Spanish invasion. Jones subsequently developed Wormsloe into a small plantation, and his descendants built a large mansion at the site which they used as a country residence. 
The State of Georgia acquired the bulk of the Wormsloe Plantation in 1973 and opened it to the public as a state historic site in 1979.
Geographic setting.
The Isle of Hope is an island (or peninsula, depending on marsh water levels) situated approximately southeast of downtown Savannah in Georgia's Lower Coastal Plain region. The island stretches for approximately from its northern tip to its southern tip and for roughly from its eastern shore to its western shore. The Skidaway River, which is part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway, forms the island's eastern shore. The island's southwest shore is formed by the Moon River, and the island's northwest shore formed by the Herb River. Typical of Georgia's inshore coastal islands, the Isle of Hope is completely surrounded by a tidal salt marsh. Skidaway Island is located opposite the Skidaway River to the east and the Georgia mainland is located opposite the Moon River to the west. Wormsloe occupies most of the southern half of the Isle of Hope. 
A small island known as Long Island lies between Skidaway Island and the Isle of Hope and splits the Skidaway River into two narrow channels, the main (navigable) channel of which is known as the Skidaway Narrows. The main channel of the Skidaway River presently flows between Long Island and Skidaway Island, although in colonial times the main channel flowed between Long Island and the Isle of Hope, giving Wormsloe its historically strategic importance. When traveling by water, the Isle of Hope is just over from the Atlantic Ocean (via the Skidaway, Vernon, and Ogeechee rivers) to the southeast and just over from the port of Savannah (via the Skidaway, Wilmington, and Savannah rivers) to the northwest. 
Skidaway Road connects Wormsloe and the Isle of Hope to U.S. Route 80 near downtown Savannah. The Isle of Hope is located entirely within Chatham County. Wormsloe Historic Site is managed by the Georgia Department of Natural Resources.
History.
Early history.
Native Americans have probably inhabited the Isle of Hope on at least a semi-annual basis for thousands of years, as indicated by oyster shell deposits excavated in the vicinity. By the time European explorers arrived in the area in the 16th century, the island was claimed by the Yuchi and the Creek tribe. When the first permanent English colonists landed at what is now Savannah in 1733, the island was part of the domain of the Yamacraw, a detached branch of the Creeks, although the island was apparently uninhabited at the time. James Oglethorpe, the leader of these English colonists, maintained a friendly relationship with the Yamacraw chief Tomochichi, and managed to peacefully acquire the Savannah area and the lands in its vicinity. 
Throughout the late 17th-century, Spain (which had established itself in Florida in the previous century) retained loose control over the Georgia coast via Native American allies. This inevitably brought them into conflict with the growing English colonies to the north, namely North Carolina and South Carolina. In 1702, South Carolina governor James Moore led an expedition against Spanish settlements in Florida and, en route, raided and destroyed the Spanish Native American missions off the Georgia coast. While Spain still claimed the coast and islands, the area was largely abandoned, creating a buffer zone between Spanish Florida and the English Carolinas.
In the early 1730s, the English decided to colonize the islands between the Carolinas and Florida. A charter was granted in 1732, and the first colonists set sail in the same year. The English colonists that arrived at Savannah in 1733 formed the core of what would eventually become the colony and state of Georgia. Among them was Noble Jones (d. 1775), a physician and carpenter from Lambeth, England who made the Transatlantic crossing with his wife and two children. Jones was apparently a loose acquaintance of Oglethorpe, and just before the colonists set sail from England, the colony's Trustees made Jones one of the settlement's lead officials. Like the other first settlers, Jones received a town lot in Savannah and a small farm on the outskirts of the town.
Establishment of Wormsloe.
Noble Jones applied for a lease for on the south side of the Isle of Hope in 1736 (the Trustees didn't approve the lease until 1745) and began building a fortified house overlooking the Skidaway Narrows. The house was constructed between 1739 and 1745 using wood and tabby, a crude type of concrete made from oyster shells and lime. The fortress consisted of high walls with bastions at each of its four corners. The fort house was 1.5 stories and had five rooms. Oglethorpe allotted Jones' fort a 12-man marine garrison and a scout boat with which to patrol the river. "Wormslow"— the name Jones gave to his Isle of Hope estate— probably refers to Wormslow Hundred, Herefordshire, in the Welsh border country from which the Jones family hailed. Some historians suggest the name refers to Jones' attempts to cultivate silkworms at the plantation, but as his son Noble Wimberly Jones named his plantation "Lambeth" after his birthplace on the south bank of the Thames, the former theory is more likely. 
Noble Jones' fortified house was one of several defensive works built between Frederica on Saint Simons Island and the Savannah townsite. The English were concerned that the Spanish still claimed the area and would eventually attempt to expel them. Conflict erupted in 1739 with the outbreak of the War of Jenkins Ear, the name for the regional theater of the greater War of the Austrian Succession. Jones took part in an English raid along the St. Johns River in northern Florida in 1740, as well as the successful defense of Frederica at the Battle of Bloody Marsh in 1742. The end of the war in 1748 largely neutralized Spanish threats to the new colony.
The War of Jenkins' Ear is commemorated annually on the last Saturday in May at Wormsloe Plantation.
Antebellum Wormsloe.
The practice of slavery had been banned by Georgia's original charter, so Noble Jones used indentured servant labor to tend Wormsloe in the plantation's early years. When the Trustees revoked the ban on slavery in 1749, Jones used slave labor in hopes of making Wormsloe profitable. Jones initially planted several types of crops, including corn, rice, various fruits and vegetables, and possibly indigo. The Georgia Trustees encouraged the production of silk, and Jones planted mulberry trees and tried unsuccessfully to produce silk at Wormsloe. While Wormsloe never proved profitable, Jones managed to amass real estate wealth throughout his lifetime, including and five town lots in the Savannah area. Jones served the young colony in multiple civic capacities, as judge, militia captain, and colonial legislator.
With the death of Noble Jones in 1775, Wormsloe passed to his daughter, Mary Jones Bulloch (c. 1730-1795). Jones' death occurred just as the American colonies were on the verge of breaking away from England. Jones remained a loyal supporter of King George III throughout his life, a stance that often brought him in direct conflict with his son, Noble Wimberly Jones (1723–1805), who was an ardent supporter of Patriot causes. Noble Wimberly led the Georgia Commons House in its rejection of the Townshend Acts in 1768, and took part in a mission that seized a large supply of gunpowder from the provincial powder magazine in 1776. Noble Jones' will stipulated that after the death of his daughter, Wormsloe would pass to Noble Wimberly and thence to Noble Wimberly's heirs "forever." Thus Noble Wimberly inherited Wormsloe in 1795 upon the death of his sister, and deeded the plantation to his son George Jones (1766–1838) in 1804.
George Jones, who served as a U.S. senator and in various capacities in the Savannah government, built a new, more elaborate house at Wormsloe in 1828, which is the plantation house that is still standing, and made cotton a staple of the plantation. Jones' son, George Frederick Tilghman Jones (1827–1880), inherited Wormsloe in 1857. 
George Frederick Tilghman Jones took an active interest in Wormsloe (he changed the spelling from "Wormslow" to "Wormsloe"), enlarging the plantation's gardens, adding the first oak-lined avenue, and expanding the house. He changed his name to George Wimberley Jones De Renne (a corruption of his grandmother's maiden name, Van Deren). He began publishing a periodical collection of rare early Georgia documents under the title, the "Wormsloe Quartos". 
During the American Civil War (1861–1865), Wormsloe and the Isle of Hope were fortified by Confederate forces. When Union forces captured Savannah in 1864, the Jones/De Renne family was forced to flee. Although the plantation was confiscated by the U.S. government (it seized the property of planters who had supported the Confederacy), the property was eventually returned when De Renne was granted a full pardon by President Andrew Johnson.
Wormsloe in the 20th century.
In his will, George Wimberley Jones De Renne entrusted Wormsloe to a Pennsylvania insurance company until the death of his son, Wimberley Jones De Renne (1853–1916), at which time the estate would pass to his grandchildren. Wimberley Jones De Renne maintained Wormsloe, further expanding the gardens and planting a new oak avenue (still in use) lined with over 400 oak trees. He continued his father's contributions to history and tradition, publishing several works for the Georgia Historical Society and establishing Wormsloe's library. Upon his death in 1916, Wormsloe passed to the grandchildren of George Wimberley Jones De Renne. In 1917, one grandson, Wimberley Wormsloe De Renne (1891–1966), bought his cousins' shares of the plantation.
In 1930 after the stock market crash, Elfrida De Renne Barrow (1884–1970) assumed her brother Wimberly's debts, and eventually made the plantation her official residence. Barrow created the Wormsloe Foundation, which continued and expanded the family tradition of publishing works related to Georgia history. 
In 1961, Barrow donated most of the Wormsloe estate to the Wormsloe Foundation, while retaining ownership of Wormsloe House and its immediate area. In 1972, after the Wormsloe Foundation's tax-exempt status was revoked, the foundation transferred ownership of Wormsloe to the Nature Conservancy, which in turn transferred it to the State of Georgia the following year. In 1979, the state opened the site to the public as Wormsloe Historic Site. The descendants of Noble Jones still control Wormsloe House and its surrounding acreage.
Wormsloe Historic Site.
The arched entrance to Wormsloe is located just off Skidaway Road, near the Isle of Hope community. The state-controlled area includes the scenic oak-lined avenue, a museum, and a walking trail that leads through the dense maritime forest to the ruins of the tabby fort built by Jones in 1745. More recently, the park has established a colonial life demonstration area, which includes a replica wattle-and-daub hut and several small outbuildings that simulate a living area for Jones' marines and slaves. 
The Wormsloe site is within a dense oak-pine maritime forest. Much of the forest originally pre-dated European settlement of the Isle of Hope, but a southern pine beetle infestation in the 1970s killed off most of the old-growth pines. A short interpretive trail near the museum displays prints of wildlife and birds by the 18th-century naturalist Mark Catesby.

</doc>
<doc id="19332380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332380" title="NetCDF">
NetCDF

NetCDF (Network Common Data Form) is a set of software libraries and self-describing, machine-independent data formats that support the creation, access, and sharing of array-oriented scientific data. The project homepage is hosted by the Unidata program at the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research (UCAR). They are also the chief source of netCDF software, standards development, updates, etc. The format is an open standard. NetCDF Classic and 64-bit Offset Format are an international standard of the Open Geospatial Consortium.
The project is actively supported by UCAR. Version 4.0 (released in 2008) allows the use of the HDF5 data file format. Version 4.1 (2010) adds support for C and Fortran client access to specified subsets of remote data via OPeNDAP.
The format was originally based on the conceptual model of the Common Data Format developed by NASA, but has since diverged and is not compatible with it.
Format description.
The netCDF libraries support 3 different binary formats for netCDF files:
All formats are "self-describing". This means that there is a header which describes the layout of the rest of the file, in particular the data arrays, as well as arbitrary file metadata in the form of name/value attributes. The format is platform independent, with issues such as endianness being addressed in the software libraries. The data are stored in a fashion that allows efficient subsetting.
Starting with version 4.0, the netCDF API allows the use of the HDF5 data format. NetCDF users can create HDF5 files with benefits not available with the netCDF format, such as much larger files and multiple unlimited dimensions.
Full backward compatibility in accessing old netCDF files and using previous versions of the C and Fortran APIs is supported.
Software.
Access libraries.
The software libraries supplied by UCAR provide read-write access to netCDF files, encoding and decoding the necessary arrays and metadata. The core library is written in C, and provides an API for C, C++ and two APIs for Fortran applications, one for Fortran 77, and one for Fortran 90. An independent implementation, also developed and maintained by Unidata, is written in 100% Java, which extends the core data model and adds additional functionality. Interfaces to netCDF based on the C library are also available in other languages including R ("ncdf", "ncvar" and "RNetCDF" packages), Perl, Python, Ruby, MATLAB, IDL, and Octave. The specification of the API calls is very similar across the different languages, apart from inevitable differences of syntax. The API calls for version 2 were rather different from those in version 3, but are also supported by versions 3 and 4 for backward compatibility. Application programmers using supported languages need not normally be concerned with the file structure itself, even though it is available as open formats.
Applications.
A wide range of application software has been written which makes use of netCDF files. These range from command line utilities to graphical visualization packages. A number are listed below, and a longer list is on the UCAR website.
Common uses.
It is commonly used in climatology, meteorology and oceanography applications (e.g., weather forecasting, climate change) and GIS applications.
It is an input/output format for many GIS applications, and for general scientific data exchange. To quote from their site:
Conventions.
The Climate and Forecast (CF) conventions are metadata conventions for earth science data, intended to promote the processing and sharing of files created with the NetCDF Application Programmer Interface (API). The conventions define metadata that are included in the same file as the data (thus making the file "self-describing"), that provide a definitive description of what the data in each variable represents, and of the spatial and temporal properties of the data (including information about grids, such as grid cell bounds and cell averaging methods). This enables users of data from different sources to decide which data are comparable, and allows building applications with powerful extraction, regridding, and display capabilities.
Parallel-NetCDF.
An extension of netCDF for parallel computing called Parallel-NetCDF (or PnetCDF) has been developed by Argonne National Laboratory and Northwestern University. This is built upon MPI-IO, the I/O extension to MPI communications. Using the high-level netCDF data structures, the Parallel-NetCDF libraries can make use of optimizations to efficiently distribute the file read and write applications between multiple processors. The Parallel-NetCDF package can read/write only classic and 64-bit offset formats. Parallel-NetCDF cannot read or write the HDF5-based format available with netCDF-4.0. The Parallel-NetCDF package uses different, but similar APIs in Fortran and C.
Parallel I/O in the Unidata netCDF library has been supported since release 4.0, for HDF5 data files. Since version 4.1.1 the Unidata NetCDF C library supports parallel I/O to classic and 64-bit offset files using the Parallel-NetCDF library, but with the NetCDF API.
Interoperability of C/Fortran/C++ libraries with other formats.
The netCDF C library, and the libraries based on it (Fortran 77 and Fortran 90, C++, and all third-party libraries) can, starting with version 4.1.1, read some data in other data formats. Data in the HDF5 format can be read, with some restrictions. Data in the HDF4 format can be read by the netCDF C library if created using the HDF4 Scientific Data (SD) API.
NetCDF-Java common data model.
The NetCDF-Java library currently reads the following file formats and remote access protocols:
There are a number of other formats in development. Since each of these is accessed transparently through the NetCDF API, the NetCDF-Java library is said to implement a "Common Data Model" for scientific datasets.
The Common Data Model has three layers, which build on top of each other to add successively richer semantics:
The data model of the data access layer is a generalization of the NetCDF-3 data model, and substantially the same as the NetCDF-4 data model. The coordinate system layer implements and extends the concepts in the Climate and Forecast Metadata Conventions. The scientific data type layer allows data to be manipulated in coordinate space, analogous to the Open Geospatial Consortium specifications. The identification of coordinate systems and data typing is ongoing, but users can plug in their own classes at runtime for specialized processing.

</doc>
<doc id="19332383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332383" title="Joeri Verlinden">
Joeri Verlinden

Joeri Verlinden (born January 22, 1988) is a Dutch swimmer who specializes in butterfly and freestyle. He is currently trained by Martin Truijens. He was previously trained by Marcel Wouda.
Swimming career.
Verlinden made his international debut at the European Short Course Swimming Championships 2006 in Helsinki where he started in all butterfly events finishing 34th in the 50 m, 32nd in the 100 m and 27th in the 200 m butterfly. At the 2007 Dutch Open Swim Cup he qualified for the European LC Championships in his hometown Eindhoven.
At the European Championships in March 2008 he ended 16th in the 50 m butterfly and 11th in the 100 m butterfly, he missed out for the 2008 Summer Olympics by 0.23 seconds. In the 200 m butterfly he ended 21st. In April he competed in the 2008 FINA Short Course World Championships and finished ex-aequo 17th in the 50 m butterfly and 16th in the 100 m. In the 4×100 m medley relay he swam a national record together with Bastiaan Tamminga, Robin van Aggele and Mitja Zastrow finishing 8th in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19332386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332386" title="The Last Laugh (disambiguation)">
The Last Laugh (disambiguation)

The Last Laugh is a 1924 silent film directed by F. W. Murnau.
The Last Laugh may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19332388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332388" title="Cherry Valley Village Historic District">
Cherry Valley Village Historic District

Cherry Valley Village Historic District is a national historic district in Cherry Valley in Otsego County, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It encompasses 226 contributing buildings, one contributing site, three contributing structures, and two contributing objects. Its boundaries were increased in 1995, by an area called the Lindesay Patent Rural Historic District. It encompasses 331 contributing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="19332403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332403" title="Warren McLaughlin">
Warren McLaughlin

Warren A. McLaughlin (January 22, 1876 – October 22, 1923) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher with the Philadelphia Phillies and Pittsburgh Pirates from 1900–1903.

</doc>
<doc id="19332410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332410" title="The Crown of Winter">
The Crown of Winter

The Crown of Winter is the second full-length album by the Russian symphonic black / doom / Gothic metal band Forest Stream. Originally scheduled for release on March 23, 2009 through Candlelight Records, it was delayed until August 11.

</doc>
<doc id="19332418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332418" title="Amenhotep (Huy)">
Amenhotep (Huy)

Amenhotep (Huy) was the "high steward of Memphis" under Amenhotep III in the Egyptian 18th Dynasty. With this title he was one of the highest officials at the royal court. Amenhotep, with the nickname Huy, was a member of an influential family. His father Heby was "mayor of Memphis". His brother Ramose was vizier under Amenhotep III. His son Ipy was "high steward" under Akhenaten. The family member's accomplishments are one of the rare cases where an influential family kept its high position under the latter king.
Amenhotep is known from a high number of monuments. In Memphis, there was found a statue reporting his building work for his king. Another fine statue was found at Abydos. Already in the early 19th century, there was found in Saqqara his looted tomb. It contained a sarcophagus, a granite canopic chest, model scribal boards and a stele with a long religious text.

</doc>
<doc id="19332423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332423" title="Little Mother (1929 film)">
Little Mother (1929 film)

Little Mother is a 1929 "Our Gang" short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.
Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, "Little Mother" was the 87th "Our Gang" short to be released. A silent film, it followed "Our Gang's" first sound film, "Small Talk", on the release schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19332433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332433" title="Chelsea White">
Chelsea White

Chelsea White (born on 27 January 1990) is an English Page 3 girl and glamour model, photographer and make-up artist noted for her appearance on BBC3's show "Page Three Teens".
Childhood career.
Chelsea was born in Bournemouth and has been modelling since the age of six. She was a successful child model, featuring several notable magazines, brochures and commercials.
Adult career.
As her childhood modelling career was coming to an end, Chelsea faced the decision of whether to move into glamour modelling. This was the subject of the TV show "Page Three Teens", in which she sought advice from family, agencies and other models.
Chelsea made her debut in "The Sun" newspaper at the age of 18. She is now concentrating on her other talents, photography and make-up artistry.

</doc>
<doc id="19332452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332452" title="St. Laurence's Church, Norwell">
St. Laurence's Church, Norwell

St. Laurence's Church, Norwell is a parish church in the Church of England in Norwell, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church is medieval but was heavily restored between 1874 and 1875 by Ewan Christian.
Stained glass.
There are stained glass windows by Charles Eamer Kempe.
Pipe Organ.
The church has a pipe organ by James Binns of Leeds. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Current parish status.
It is in a group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19332468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332468" title="Josh Matthews">
Josh Matthews

Josh Matthews may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19332482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332482" title="NexTag">
NexTag

Nextag is a price comparison service website. It started originally as a website where buyers and sellers could negotiate prices for computers and electronics products. The current business model with a focus on comparison shopping has existed since 2000. In June 2007, Providence Equity Partners purchased a two-thirds majority of the company. It was ranked by "Time" magazine as one of the fifty best websites of 2008.
Nextag's headquarters are in San Mateo, California. Additional offices are in London, Tokyo and Gurgaon, India.
On 9 November 2010, Nextag announced the acquisition of nextcoupons.com. In October 2011, Nextag acquired thingbuzz, a real-time social shopping platform that tracks the conversation about products in the social media sphere, in a bid to socialize the online shopping experience for its users.

</doc>
<doc id="19332485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332485" title="Beinn a' Chuallaich">
Beinn a' Chuallaich

Beinn a’ Chuallaich is a Scottish hill, four km NE of the village of Kinloch Rannoch in the Perth and Kinross council area. It is part of the high ground between Strath Tummel and Glen Errochty.
Overview.
Beinn a’ Chuallaich is a sizeable and extensive hill which can seem quite inconspicuous when viewed from certain places, especially from the south. This is mainly because of the close proximity of the more eye catching and higher Schiehallion which lies seven km to the SE across Dunalastair Water and dominates Strath Tummel. However Beinn a' Chuallaich is well seen from the head of Glen Errochty where it shows its long NE ridge and its craggy eastern corrie. The hill reaches a height of 892 metres (2926 feet) and qualifies as a Corbett and a Marilyn. 
Etymology.
The hill’s name translates from the Scottish Gaelic language as “Hill of the Herding” and this refers to the fact that it lies on the route of one of the main north-south ancient drovers' roads of Scotland, the area around the mountain was used as a gathering point for the cattle. The western corrie of the hill could well have been the collecting point as it is a huge gentle bowl which is ideal for summer grazing and the concealing of cattle. James Stobie’s map of 1770 refers to the hill as Ben Chualach, Charles Knight’s Penny Cyclopaedia of the 1840s also uses this name and the hill seems to have been designated as Beinn a’ Chuallaich by Victorian cartographers in the second half of the 19th century.
Geography.
Beinn a’ Chuallaich’s large bulk dominates the village of Kinloch Rannoch and contains several long ridges and two significant corries. The longest of the ridges goes north and then NE taking in the subsidiary top of Meall nan Eun (852 metres) before broadening and descending NE to the shores of Loch Errochty. The top of Meall nan Eun is marked by a ring of stones and gives a fine view of Loch Errochty which is not visible from the main summit. Loch na Caillich stands on this NE ridge at a height of around 700 metres and is a well known gathering point for deer with Charles Plumb describing it as a place "“where the deer love to wallow”". Coire Odhar on the eastern side of the hill is ringed by cliffs which fall from the summit, the corrie itself contains some very large detached boulders. The western corrie, known as Coire Labhrainn is drained by the Allt Mòr which is a fine sight after heavy rain as it roars through the woodland above Kinloch Rannoch and through the village to join the River Tummel. All drainage from the mountain joins the River Tay eventually either going by Glen Errochty or Strath Tummel. Some of the streams on the eastern side of the hill have been diverted into the Errochty catchwater as part of the Tummel hydro-electric power scheme.
The three southern ridges are quite steep as they drop away to the valley of the River Tummel. One goes initially west and then south taking in the craggy and rocky slopes of the outlying top of Càrn Fiaclach. Another ridge goes just east of south descending to Drumglas on the shores of Dunalistair Water and has the crags of Creag Buidhe on its lower slopes. The third of the ridges on the south side of the mountain goes just west of south and is the most interesting of the three as it ends in a steep and spectacular crag which drops to the B846 road just east of Kinloch Rannoch. The crag is known as Craig Varr and is an example of a truncated spur formed in the Earth’s last glacial period about 10,000 years ago when the huge glacier flowing east from Rannoch Moor sliced through the ridge descending to the valley and left steep south facing cliffs.
Rock climbing.
The crags of Craig Varr are a popular venue for rock climbers being close to the road and parking spots. The 100 metre high schist crags contain around 30 routes from 30 to 50 metres in length, varying in grade from Very Difficult to Very Severe. The crags are south facing, a fact which adds to their popularity, being quick drying and catching plenty of sunshine.
Ascents and summit.
Beinn a’ Chuallaich is usually ascended from the south or the east. From the south there are routes from Kinloch Rannoch and Drumglas. From Kinloch Rannoch the route goes up the Allt Mòr, passing a fine waterfall before going steep up to the summit ridge. The route from Drumglas is the most direct and utilises the SE ridge. An approach from the east starts from the B847 road at grid reference and goes past a bothy and a deer fence before going steeply up to climb Coire Odhar and reach the summit.
Beinn a’ Chuallaich is a fine viewpoint, having a topographic prominence of 527 metres, it is the highest point for some distance with Schiehallion, over seven km to the SE being the only hill to interrupt the distant view. There is a fine full length view of Loch Rannoch and the Ben Alder massif to the NW. The highest point of the hill is marked by an Ordnance Survey trig point but the highlight of the summit is the three metre high cairn built from quartzite boulders which stands 20 metres SE of the trig point.

</doc>
<doc id="19332533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332533" title="The Everly Brothers Sing">
The Everly Brothers Sing

The Everly Brothers Sing is an album by The Everly Brothers, released on Warner Bros. in 1967. It was re-released on CD by Collectors' Choice Music in 2005.
This album includes their last Top 40 hit, "Bowling Green". It would also be their last Top 100 hit until 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19332534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332534" title="AMT park and ride lots">
AMT park and ride lots

The Agence métropolitaine de transport (AMT) is responsible for all park and ride lots in Montreal and its surrounding area. It operates 61 lots, many that are adjacent to metropolitan bus terminals, commuter rail stations, or STM Metro stations.
In 2012, over 60% of all AMT park and ride lots for cars had an usage rate over 75%, with 1 in 5 being used over 90%.
Carpooling
The AMT also offers 433 spaces specially reserved for carpooling in its park and ride lots.
In operation since 2005, the AMT Carpool program helps to relieve the demand for parking by reserving seats for customers who carpool in the majority of the park and ride lots.
In addition to the reserved carpool spaces, many park and ride lots also include a number of specific drop-off spaces, nearest to the point of transfer to other modes of transportation (bus, metro, train.)
The following are the specific AMT park and ride lots in Montreal and its surrounding area.
Metro.
STM Métro de Montréal stations with Park and Ride lots: 
Commuter Rail.
AMT Commuter Train stations with Park and Ride lots:
Note: Montréal-Ouest station also serves the Saint-Jérôme and Candiac lines.

</doc>
<doc id="19332553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332553" title="Cooperstown Historic District">
Cooperstown Historic District

The Cooperstown Historic District is a national historic district in Cooperstown, Otsego County, New York, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It encompasses 232 contributing properties: 226 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, 3 contributing structures, and 2 contributing objects. Among the contributing properties is the village's post office, which is individually listed on the National Register.
In 1997, the boundaries of the historic district were increased to include the Fenimore Farm Stone Agricultural Buildings that were built in 1918 and designed by Frank P. Whiting.
References.
Notes
External links.
The following are located in Otsego Township, Cooperstown, Otsego County, NY:
The following are located in Middlefield Township, Cooperstown, Otsego County, NY:

</doc>
<doc id="19332554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332554" title="Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres">
Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres

The Men's 400 metres event at the 2000 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics programme was held at Stadium Australia on Friday 22 September, Saturday 23 September, Sunday 24 September, and Monday 25 September 2000.
The top three runners in each of the initial nine heats automatically qualified for the second round. The next five fastest runners from across the heats also qualified. Those 32 runners competed in 4 heats in the second round, with the top fours runners from each heat qualifying for the semifinals. There were two semifinals, and only the top four from each heat advanced to the final.
Results.
All times shown are in seconds.
Round 1.
Overall Results Round 1
Round 2.
Overall Results Round 2
Semi-Finals.
Overall Results Semi-Finals
Final.
Source: Official Report of the 2000 Sydney Summer Olympics available at http://www.la84foundation.org/5va/reports_frmst.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19332584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332584" title="831st Air Division">
831st Air Division

The 831st Air Division (831 AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at George Air Force Base, California. It was inactivated on 31 March 1991.
Activated in 1957 as an intermediate command echelon of Tactical Air Command, providing command and control of tactical units primarily in Western United States assigned to the division and higher echelons. Early in 1965, the division assumed an advisory role with two Air Force Reserve units, the 349th Troop Carrier Wing and the 452d Troop Carrier Wing. Besides combat readiness, the 479th Tactical Fighter Wing trained pilots for duty in Southeast Asia until 1971 when the division was inactivated as part of draw-down of forces being deployed Southeast Asia.
Reactivated in 1980 at George AFB, the division regained its world wide deployment responsibility and trained initially F-105 Wild Weasel aircrews and aircraft used to destroy enemy controlled surface-to-air missile sites, switching to F-4E/G units in 1981. In August 1990, the 831st deployed subordinate unit personnel and aircraft to Southwest Asia in support of Desert Shield and later, Desert Storm.
The unit was inactivated with the closure of George AFB in March 1991. When the unit was inactivated in March 1991 CMSGT Roy W. Leo was the last senior enlisted personnel to serve with the unit. He retired on the same day when the 831st cased it colors.
History.
Components.
Wings

</doc>
<doc id="19332604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332604" title="Szemerényi's law">
Szemerényi's law

Szemerényi's law (or Szemerényi's lengthening) is a Proto-Indo-European phonological rule, named after Hungarian linguist Oswald Szemerényi, according to which word-final clusters of vowels (V), resonants (R) and of either */s/ or */h₂/ are simplified by dropping the word-final fricative (* was phonetically itself probably a back fricative), with compensatory lengthening of the preceding vowel.
This law affected numerous nominative singulars of masculine and feminine nouns, as well as the nominoaccusatives of neuter collectives in *
Compare:
After the application of the law, any resulting word-final *-n was also dropped, at least if the preceding segment was (unaccented) *ō. The resulting long vowels had already begun in PIE to spread analogically to other nominative singular forms in which they were not phonologically justified by the law (e.g. PIE 'foot'), and word-final sonorants other than *-n were sometimes dropped, which demonstrates that this law was already morphologized in the period of "PIE proper".

</doc>
<doc id="19332606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332606" title="Leesport Lock House">
Leesport Lock House

The Leesport Lock House is a house accompanying a lock on the Schuylkill Canal in Leesport, Pennsylvania, USA. The house was built adjacent to the Leesport Lock to allow canal barges to move quickly up and down the canal. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 9, 1977.
Location.
The Lock House is located on Wall Street in Leesport, Pennsylvania, on the east bank of the Schuylkill River. Adjacent the Lock House is a car wash, situated on the foundation of the lock. The lock walls can still be seen behind the car wash. 
The Lock House is across the street from the Union Fire Company of Leesport and the ambulance station of the Schuylkill Valley EMS.
History.
The Lock House was originally built in 1834 by the Schuylkill Navigation Company. The Schuylkill Navigation Company was chartered to build a series of navigation improvements in the Schuylkill River, allowing coal from the Coal Region to be delivered from Port Clinton to the ports in Philadelphia. The Schuylkill Navigation Company was the only means of carrying coal en-masse to Philadelphia for twenty years, until the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad was completed in 1841. Within only four years, the railroad was hauling three times the amount of coal as the Schuylkill Canal. 
Although the canal continued to carry nearly two million tons of anthracite up through 1859, the Reading Railroad continued to transport more than the canal. In 1860, use of the canal started to decline. In 1869, a coal miners strike caused a shortage of material to be transported, a drought saw a severe drop in water levels in the canal, and severe flooding later damaged many portions of the canal. The Schuylkill Navigation Company struggled to find money to repair the damage, until it was ultimately leased to the Reading Railroad in 1870. By 1890, traffic on the canal was carrying less than a tenth of the cargo as it had during its most prosperous years.
However, the Lock House remained a symbol of economic growth in the Leesport area. Ultimately, both the canal and the railroad served to develop Leesport's economy.
Today.
The Lock House and surrounding grounds have been restored to their 1880-1910 condition and are maintained by the Leesport Lock House Foundation and the Berks County Parks and Recreation Department. The Lock House also hosts an annual Strawberry Festival and Antique sale in early June. The Lock House is also available for small social gatherings or group meetings.
Several relevant artifacts of the lock house and other paraphernalia from the Schuylkill Canal can be found at the Hoss's Restaurant located just south of Leesport on the nearby Route 61.

</doc>
<doc id="19332610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332610" title="Holy Rood Church, Ossington">
Holy Rood Church, Ossington

Holy Rood Church, Ossington is a parish church in the Church of England in Ossington, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church was built from 1782 to 1783 by John Carr of York. It is thought to stand on, or very near to, the original site of Ossington Preceptory: a monastery of the Knights Hospitallers which was dissolved in 1534 as part of King Henry VIII's Dissolution of the Monasteries.
Pipe Organ.
The church has a barrel organ by Robson dating from around 1830. It has been awarded a Historic Organ Certificate by the British Institute of Organ Studies which has awarded it a Grade I listing. Details of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Current parish status.
It is in a group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19332614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332614" title="Gilbertsville Historic District">
Gilbertsville Historic District

Gilbertsville Historic District is a national historic district in Gilbertsville, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. Its boundaries were increased to approximately the incorporated village borders in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19332626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332626" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle +100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle +100 kg

The Men's Freestyle +100 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19332629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332629" title="Happy Louie and Julcia's Polka Band">
Happy Louie and Julcia's Polka Band

Happy Louie is a musician and leader of the Happy Louie and Julcia's Polka Band. He received a Grammy nomination for Best Polka Album in 1995. He was inducted to the International Polka Association Polka Hall of Fame in 1982. His MGM original recording of Accordion A go-go was featured in a major motion picture. He was born in Ware Massachusetts and presently lives in Wilbraham, Massachusetts. 

</doc>
<doc id="19332644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332644" title="Germanium monoxide">
Germanium monoxide

Germanium monoxide, GeO, is a chemical compound of germanium and oxygen. It can be prepared as a yellow sublimate at 1000°C by reacting GeO2 with Ge metal. The yellow sublimate turns brown on heating at 650°C. GeO is not well characterised. It is amphoteric dissolving in acids to form germanium(II) salts and in alkali to form "trihydroxogermanates" or "germanites" containing the Ge(OH)3− ion.
Chemistry.
Germanium oxide decomposes to Ge and GeO2.

</doc>
<doc id="19332649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332649" title="Gandakha">
Gandakha

Gandakha is a town of Jafarabad District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan Pakistan. It is located at 28°1'0N 67°51'0E with an altitude of 40 metres (134 feet).
In The Gandakha district Over 99% of the people of the area are Muslims. The Lashari is the Baloch tribe in the district.
About 90% are Lasharis in Gandakha.
References.
There are 90% jamali baloch tribe are in gandakha

</doc>
<doc id="19332675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332675" title="Othello (2001 TV film)">
Othello (2001 TV film)

Othello is a 2001 British television film starring Eamonn Walker, Christopher Eccleston and Keeley Hawes. It is an adaptation in modern English of William Shakespeare's play "Othello". It was scripted by Andrew Davies and directed by Geoffrey Sax.
Plot.
The film is narrated by Ben Jago, a corrupt police detective who is prepared to manipulate those around him to get what he wants, even the people he loves. 
After the Commissioner of London's Metropolitan Police Sinclair Carver is caught using racist language he is forced to resign. The Home Secretary and Prime Minister choose John Othello, a black policeman and Jago's best friend, to be the next Commissioner as a publicity stunt after a reporter praises him for ending a riot. Jago, Carver's second-in-command, feels that Othello stole his chance to become Commissioner himself, as he had been the favourite for the job. Jago plots to take revenge on Othello by ruining his life and driving him out of his new job.
Jago posts on a neo-Nazi website about Othello's marriage to Dessie Brabant, a wealthy white woman, leading her to be attacked in the street. When Othello asks Jago to lend him a man to look after her during the day Jago suggests Michael Cass, an attractive inspector and known womanizer, to look after Dessie. Jago also seduces Dessie's best friend, Lulu, to try to get information about Dessie's past and her relationship with Cass.
During this Othello has Jago look into the death of Billy Coates, a black drug addict, who was battered to death by three policemen claiming it was self-defense. He discovers, via PC Alan Roderick, that the three policemen actually went to Coastes' flat with the intention of attacking him. Jago sympathises with Roderick and offers protection in return for him testifying against the other three policemen. Upon discovering this Othello is given all the credit. Furious that he has once again been overlooked by Othello, Jago decides to ruin the case. Roderick is called to give evidence at the trial causing the other policemen to rebuff him. The day he is called to trial he is found dead from an overdose, and it is suggested that Jago overdosed Roderick with alcohol, knowing he was on anti-depressants. Jago offers to take the blame, but Othello refuses, telling him that he is the "only person can trust."
Through Jago's prompting and several misunderstandings between Dessie and Cass, Othello begins to become paranoid that Dessie is having an affair. Jago suggests they use DNA to test whether Dessie and Cass sleeping together. During a televised interview Othello has a breakdown and even attacks Cass in a car park. Jago starts to feel guilty, but decides that it is out of his hands. Nonetheless he tells Othello that he got the DNA tests back, confirming that Dessie is having an affair.
That night Othello returns home to confront her. When Dessie denies it Othello kills her in a fit of anger. Worried when they don't get a response at the door, Jago and Lulu break into the flat to find Dessie dead. Jago tells Othello that the tests were negative and Dessie was innocent. Realising that he had been manipulated, Othello asks Jago why he did it, to which Jago states that Othello took what was his; despite everything, however, Jago states that he still loves Othello and always will.
Jago and Lulu wait outside for the police to arrive when Othello commits suicide. Shortly after the Home Secretary and Prime Minister decide to choose a more reliable pair of hands for the Commissioner, choosing Jago. 
The film ends with Jago stating that it wasn't about race or politics but love, "simple as that."
Motives.
The film adopts several of the suggested motives for Jago's actions. Firstly, is his failure to be promoted and jealousy over Othello's high position, which he feels should be his. 
Finally, the film adopts a modern idea of the 21st century proposed at the time, inferring that the relationship between Othello and Iago is one of repressed homosexuality. Jago states that "It was about love, simple as that". This could be taken as a double meaning: 1.) Being the love between Othello and Dessie, and 2.) The repressed love Jago has for Othello. This is further hinted at by his refusal to let Lulu masturbate him during their foreplay, and his stating that "loved [Othello too".

</doc>
<doc id="19332682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332682" title="Stewart the Rat">
Stewart the Rat

Stewart the Rat is a graphic novel written by Steve Gerber, penciled by Gene Colan, and inked by Tom Palmer. "Stewart" was published in November 1980 by Eclipse Enterprises. "Stewart the Rat" was reprinted in January 2003 by About Comics.

</doc>
<doc id="19332693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332693" title="The Ukrainian Week">
The Ukrainian Week

The Ukrainian Week () is an illustrated weekly magazine covering politics, economics and the arts and aimed at the socially engaged Ukrainian-language reader. It provides a range of analysis, opinion, interviews, feature pieces, including travel both in Ukraine and outside, and art reviews and events calendar. 
History and profile.
"The Ukrainian Week" is published in Ukraine by ECEM Media Ukraine LLC and was established in November 2007. the magazine is one of several Ukrainian language magazines that have appeared in Ukraine in the wake of the Orange Revolution. 
The English edition of "The Ukrainian Week" is published bi-monthly and contains a selection of articles deemed to be of most interest to non-Ukrainian readers.
See also.
List of magazines in Ukraine

</doc>
<doc id="19332706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332706" title="Pinchon">
Pinchon

Pinchon is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19332713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332713" title="St. Giles' Church, Cromwell">
St. Giles' Church, Cromwell

St. Giles' Church, Cromwell is a parish church in the Church of England in Cromwell, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church was medieval but restored in 1873 to 1876 by Ewan Christian. The church is largely 13th century with the tower being built around 1427.
Pipe Organ.
The church has a small single manual pipe organ. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register
Current parish status.
It is in a group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19332721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332721" title="Colonial South and the Chesapeake">
Colonial South and the Chesapeake

During the British colonization of the New World, the southern Thirteen Colonies and the Chesapeake provided England with much needed money and resources. However, the culture of the south was far different from that of their British homeland.
Colonial economics.
Agriculture.
Agriculture in the Chesapeake and Southern Colonies, though indigo and rice were also grown, the demand for tobacco and the ease with which it grew turned tobacco into the largest cash crop for the Chesapeake and Southern Colonies. The desirable niche that tobacco held in the world market resulted in great prosperity for the regions in which it was grown.
As agriculture grew in importance in the southern economy, the demand for more workers grew as well. Early on, labor shortages were solved temporarily by indentured servitude; however this system eventually proved inefficient. Because Native Americans proved independent and difficult to enslave for forced cultivation and indentured servants were only temporary, growers of the south turned to African slave importation to meet their demand for labor. These slaves left a lasting impact upon southern agricultural techniques as well as social aspects of southern society. The family was also affected by the change also, because the need for slaves.
Trade.
Tobacco products, lumber, grain and boats.
Local.
The local economy in the Chesapeake and Southern colonies was characterized by the Headright. The Headright was the right to receive of land for any immigrant who settled in Virginia or paid for the transpiration of an immigrant who settled in Virginia ( per head). This was intended to promote settlement and ownership of small farms by several immigrants, from which staple crops such as indigo, rice, and especially tobacco could be grown for profit.
Social standing was determined by how much wealth a person had. The best way to get more of it was to acquire more land for more cultivation. Since bringing over indentured servants was the easiest way get more land, it became a popular for wealthy planters to bring in the indentured servants in mass numbers. Also on the rise was the selling and buying of land, due to the fact that captains of ships sold the land that they received every time they landed with a load of indentured servants. This caused the development of large plantations near the Atlantic Coast and little urban activity, as the small farms were forced to live in the back country where Indian relations were volatile.
So it was because of all these effects from the Headright that made the local economy largely rural. As a result, the society became polarized between those who owned large tracts of land near the Atlantic and people who’s land was subject to Indian attack as well as former indentured servants who couldn’t afford the favored land . And of course it did not help that, since tobacco prices were unstable from the Navigation Acts, there was a prolonged economic depression. One outcome of this polarized society and economic depravity was Bacon’s Rebellion, where farmers, wanting the unused Indian lands, attacked the local tribes and the government. This led to a shift in buying more slaves from Africa, as they did not all speak the same language, making them much easier to control. The local economy polarized the society from the Atlantic Coast plantation owners to the small scale farmers who wanted the unused Indian land.
Global.
Global trade in the Chesapeake and southern colonies was mainly centered on the products of their agriculture. Cash crops like tobacco, rice, and indigo were the areas main exports. The deerskin trade was also a major factor in the economic growth of Charleston, South Carolina which exported an average of 54,000 deer skins per year between 1699 and 1715. Most of these exports were headed to Britain, whose Navigation Acts restricted trade with other countries. Tobacco, rice, and indigo, which were enumerated products, could only be traded to Britain which had advantages and disadvantages. Obvious disadvantages would be that trade could only occur with one country, eliminating hundreds of thousands of possible buyers. Fortunately, growing demand for these products meant a ready market with mostly escalating prices.
Since the demand for all of these products continued to grow, farmers found themselves with a little extra money around. Thus, slave importing began to grow and grow and grow until Charleston was a leading importer in slaves. These slaves led to increased production, increased profit, and a decrease of payment for workers. All of this moneymaking allowed farmers to buy more slaves to continue the cycle. Slaves brought their African knowledge which aided the development of rice and indigo growing. The diversifying of agriculture was key to avoid economic slumps that could have resulted from the fluctuating tobacco prices. The slaves also completed the trading process known as Triangle trade. The south and Chesapeake’s point of the triangle involved the import of slaves from Africa, and the exporting of tobacco and other goods to England.
The agricultural society affected which items southern colonists exported. Slaves imported into the society influenced which crops would be grown and therefore which crops would be exported. Slave’s usefulness and the economic gain to be had by using them also increased the number of Africans that were imported. All of the economic success that resulted from these trading tendencies led to a bigger rich-poor gap in society as the rich became richer and bought more slaves to get even more money. Growth of the wealthy class in turn led to the importing of more luxuries to the region as families began to show off their success. At the beginning of the 18th century, global trade of the southern colonies was changing a lot about their society.
Social issues.
Religion.
Protestant was the predominant religion in the Chesapeake Colonies until the late 19th century.
Class hierarchy.
Much like the old world, colonial America was divided into a rigid social structure. Pedigree mattered more than anything, and wealthy, English families stood at the top of the social ladder. These families often controlled vast amounts of workers as well. These workers, the African American Slaves, were the lowliest of those living in the colonies, standing below even the indentured workers who powered much of the new world. Next, predictably, were these same indentured servants, men who were offered passage to America in return for years of labor. Though some were honest men, wishing to scrape out a new life in the new world, many of these men were criminals, waifs, and convicts, sent to the new world as punishment.
The largest social class in the south and Chesapeake regions were the merchants, vendors and small farmers of the colonies. These people were the rank and file citizens, moderately educated and skilled, but willing to work hard and create the America they needed. Finally, at the top of the social ladder stood old, wealthy English families, clergymen, magistrates and large land holders in America. In this class, etiquette was rigidly enforced; no one was allowed to "dress above their station" and were forced to sit in church according to their own social standing. This class Hierarchy lasted decades, and remnants of it still exist in today's free-er America.
Slavery.
In the early 17th century, Americans in Virginia and Maryland discovered tobacco to be very profitable. A lot of land was given to tobacco plantations because there was such a high demand for the good in Europe. Before the 17th century indentured servants were used to cultivate the land, but soon the new world's appeal to potential indentured servants decrease because the land grants they were formerly promised were no longer available. Therefore, plantation owners began to import slaves from Africa to do the work. The slaves were taken from their families in Africa and worked all day cultivating, drying leaves, and packing the tobacco. Many slaves tried to escape from their owners but very few succeeded. Generally they were taken back to the plantation and whipped hundreds of times or castrated as punishment.
Carolina was a slave colony upon conception. Experienced slaves were brought from Africa to cultivate rice and indigo. By the 18th century the slave population outnumbered the white population. Lawmakers feared the growing African population, so they began to enforce restrictions on the number of black people that were imported. Another way they controlled the population was executing slaves convicted of violence against a white.
GEORGIA
In the early 18th century, slavery was illegal in Georgia. Only free men could live and work there. However, in 1749 powerful men insisted that Georgia could not survive and prosper without the introduction of slavery. Therefore the colony began to import slaves and in a few years had 15,000 enslaved black people working on the plantations.
Chesapeake.
In the early 17th century, Americans in Virginia and Maryland discovered tobacco to be very profitable. A lot of land was given to tobacco plantations because there was such a high demand for the good in Europe. Before the 17th century indentured servants were used to cultivate the land, but soon the new world's appeal to potential indentured servants decreased because the land grants they were formerly promised were no longer available. Therefore, plantation owners began to import slaves from Africa to do the work. The slaves were taken from their families in Africa and worked all day cultivating, drying leaves, and packing the tobacco. Many slaves tried to escape from their owners but very few succeeded. Generally they were taken back to the plantation and whipped hundreds of times or castrated as punishment.
Carolina.
Carolina was a slave colony upon conception. Experienced slaves were brought from Africa to cultivate rice and indigo. By the 18th century the slave population outnumbered the white population.
Immigration.
The first successful settlement in the Chesapeake, Jamestown (1607), was set up by The Virginia Company and therefore its population was made up mostly of English. Because of its large reliance on labor for tobacco plantations that fueled the economy, the Chesapeake relied on indentured servants to work the land. However, after the events of Bacon’s Rebellion plantation owners began to find slaves to be a better investment than indentured servants. This was a gradual shift by the 18th century but by 1750 the population of Virginia had skyrocketed to 450,000 and was almost evenly divided between African and European peoples.
Maryland was established by George Calvert as a refuge for Roman Catholics. Although it was intended as a refuge for Catholics a significant part of the population was Protestants and Protestants gained control of the colony during the English civil wars.
Carolina, originally one colony, later divided into North and South Carolina due to influences by immigrants. While North Carolina adopted the practices and economy of Virginia due to similar environmental set up and immigrant ethnicity, South Carolina developed differently because of the large influx of immigrants from Barbados. This diversity then led to their split with time. By the early 18th century the English government had restricted the immigration of English people to the colonies which caused a growing number of Scotch-Irish and Germans to emigrate. These people tended to settle in the back country and away from the more developed coastal areas.
Families.
The husband was master of his household and expected to 
earn a living for his family. 
by age 11 or 12. 
slaves – particularly females – did what they could to
Urban and rural structure.
Most large population centers in colonial America were located in New England or the Middle Colonies. In the Chesapeake Bay area cities included only Baltimore, Maryland, and Richmond, Virginia, in the Chesapeake, and in the southern colonies, Charleston, South Carolina, and Savannah, Georgia. These cities served as major seaports for the colonies in their trade with Europe, African, and the Caribbean. They were highly stratified by wealth.
In the Chesapeake and Southern regions, society was based heavily on agriculture, and therefore the landscape was much more rural. A large portion of land in the South was frontier “back country” that was less settled and abutted Indian land. The agricultural land was organized into a plantation system: a manorial structure in which a gentry of landed aristocrats (most of whom were successful early settlers to the region) owned the plantation. Bondspeople worked the land. These workers were indentured servants or, increasingly as the trade became more established, African slaves. Slaves made up a large percentage of the South’s population.
The remainder of the population was those who were neither landed gentry nor slaves. These colonists (who were not only British—or of British descent—but also German and Scots-Irish) farmed small plots of land which they owned. This group, collectively known as yeoman farmers, constituted the majority of European colonists in the South and the Chesapeake areas. In the upland country, most free European settlers had similar conditions of wealth and were not as stratified as in the cities.
Colonial politics.
Government systems.
The first democratically elected government was the House of Burgesses, which was first convened in 1619 by Governor George Yeardley in Virginia. The House of Burgesses, as with most colonial assemblies, was elected by free, white, landowning men.
Both the southern colonies and those in the Chesapeake had a similar government: a governor and a council appointed by the crown, and an assembly or house of representatives that was elected by the people. The governor had the most power of any, his duties including judicial, religious, military, appointing officials, leader of legislature, but no power over public funds. The council generally consisted of 12 upper class residents of their colony. Assembly was the only branch with the power over funds and taxation, and it used this power as leverage over the governor to occasionally steal his power. As much power as the governor had, the ability of the assembly to exert power over the British-appointed governor led was a display of the division between the colonies and their mother country.
Bacon’s Rebellion, likewise, showed how much influence the people could exert over their government when they disagreed with what the upper class in the government decided. The government was generally run by the rich plantation owners who already had enough land and just wanted to avoid conflict, so the poor free men rebelled by holding the House of Burgesses hostage. While succeeding for a while, the rebellion fell apart when Nathaniel Bacon died, though it still left a reminder of how much influence the average settler had in early American government.
British influence.
As satellites of the British Empire, the Chesapeake Region and the Southern Colonies were subject to the powerful influences of their home country. While the British impacted many aspects of American culture, the political prestige and power of the British Empire perhaps had the strongest effect of all. The political structure of the Southern Colonies and the Chesapeake region and the manner of the different American political figures reflected the structure of the British Government.
When the Southern and Chesapeake colonies were first settled, they encountered numerous obstacles including conflicts with the natives. These conflicts led to the appointing of Royal Governors by the King. These governors resembled the King and kept order throughout the colonies. However, many of the traits of local governments remained intact.
In 1660, the King tightened up the Royal Government’s hold in the colonies due to uprisings throughout the south and the Chesapeake region. The power of the Royal Government grew and they were soon in control of their trade. New laws were passed along with the Navigation Acts, and Vice Admiralty Courts were also established to prevent biased judging towards colonists.
As the “owners” of the Southern and Chesapeake colonies, Great Britain imposed its will upon the region and established control by intervening in legislative affairs. It appointed officials to run each section and they served as rulers away from home. New laws also forced the colonies to change the way they managed their government and economy. While the colonies were separated geographically from their homeland, the powerful political influence of the King and Parliament greatly affected their politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19332734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332734" title="Tammes problem">
Tammes problem

In geometry, Tammes problem is a problem in packing a given number of circles on the surface of a sphere such that the minimum distance between circles is maximized. It is named after a Dutch botanist who posed the problem in 1930 while studying the distribution of pores on pollen grains. It can be viewed as a specialization of the generalized Thomson problem.

</doc>
<doc id="19332735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332735" title="Rafael Vásquez (baseball)">
Rafael Vásquez (baseball)

Rafael Vásquez Santiago is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Vásquez pitched in 9 games for the Seattle Mariners in .

</doc>
<doc id="19332736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332736" title="National Center for Children's Illustrated Literature">
National Center for Children's Illustrated Literature

The National Center for Children's Illustrated Literature (NCCIL, Pronounced Nickle), located in Abilene, Texas, was established with a conviction and purpose of celebrating the best original art published in children's literature. The NCCIL collaborates with award-winning artists to produce exhibitions of their artwork that are distinctive, appealing to museum visitors of all ages, and of the highest quality. In addition to this unique artistic partnership, following its debut at the NCCIL gallery each exhibition travels to museums, public libraries, and galleries nationwide. The NCCIL hosts FREE Family Fun art workshops on Saturday afternoons, summer art camps and has an extensive docent-led school tour program.
NCCIL was begun through the effort of former Mayor Gary D. McCaleb, an administrator at Abilene Christian University. In December 1993, former Abilene mayor Dr. Gary McCaleb was invited to a local elementary school to read William Joyce’s Santa Calls. Inspired to learn that Joyce had set his story in Abilene, Dr. McCaleb invited Joyce to speak at a Cultural Affairs Council luncheon and when the two men met, they formed an immediate friendship. From this meeting a concept originated of a place that would honor the artwork of children’s illustrators. In March 1997, the National Center for Children’s Illustrated Literature was incorporated as a non-profit organization, and a statue depicting the children from Santa Calls, “Childhood‘s Great Adventure“ by Rick Jackson, was erected downtown. The Junior League of Abilene became the major sponsor and on September 14, 2000, the beautifully renovated Rhodes Building, circa 1920’s, was opened to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19332774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332774" title="St. Andrew's Church, Caunton">
St. Andrew's Church, Caunton

St. Andrew's Church, Caunton is a parish church in the Church of England in Caunton, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church was medieval but restored in 1869 by Ewan Christian.
Pipe Organ.
The church has a small two manual pipe organ. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register
Current parish status.
It is in a group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19332780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332780" title="Orientations of Proteins in Membranes database">
Orientations of Proteins in Membranes database

Orientations of Proteins in Membranes (OPM) database provides spatial positions of membrane protein structures with respect to the lipid bilayer. Positions of the proteins are calculated using an implicit solvation model of the lipid bilayer. The results of calculations were verified against experimental studies of spatial arrangement of transmembrane and peripheral proteins in membranes.
Proteins structures are taken from the Protein Data Bank. OPM also provides structural classification of membrane-associated proteins into families and superfamilies, membrane topology, quaternary structure of proteins in membrane-bound state, and the type of a destination membrane for each protein. The coordinate files with calculated membrane boundaries are downloadable. The site allows visualization of protein structures with membrane boundary planes through Jmol, MDL Chime and WebMol.
The database was widely used in experimental and theoretical studies of membrane-associated proteins. However, structures of many membrane-associated proteins are not included in the database if they can not be computationally predicted. This is the case when all membrane-anchoring parts of the proteins (amphiphilic alpha helices, exposed nonpolar residues, or lipidated amino acid residues) are missing in the experimental structures. 

</doc>
<doc id="19332804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332804" title="Michel Mondésert">
Michel Mondésert

Michel Mondésert (5 December 1916 – 16 April 2009) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Mondésert was born in Villefranche-sur-Saône, Rhône, and was ordained a priest on 11 July 1943. Appointed Auxiliary Bishop to the Diocese of Grenoble-Vienne on 4 June 1971 and ordained bishop on 25 September 1971. He would remain bishop of Grenoble-Vienne until his retirement on 11 January 1992. 
Mondésert was the Titular bishop of Apollonis from 1971 until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19332809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332809" title="Tom and Mary Bierbaum">
Tom and Mary Bierbaum

Tom and Mary Bierbaum are an American husband-and-wife writing team, known for their work on the DC comic book "Legion of Super-Heroes".
Biography.
The Bierbaums entered the world of professional comic book writing through Legion fandom. Tom Bierbaum grew up as a Legion fan, first becoming exposed to the characters via "Adventure Comics" #310 (July 1963). Meanwhile, Mary Gilmore became a serious Legion fan in the late 1970s.
Interlac and marriage.
Tom joined the Legion fan club The Legion Outpost, and then the Legion amateur press association Interlac, where he met fellow member Gilmore, who had joined the APA around the same time. Through Interlac, the two struck up a relationship. Gilmore lived in California, and as Bierbaum had designs on getting into the entertainment industry, he moved out West, and the two began living together, eventually getting married. 
Early on in their relationship, the Bierbaums wrote stories together, their first published piece being a Halloween-themed short story for a local newspaper. (The story was actually a thinly veiled Legion of Super-Heroes story with the characters' names and situations changed.) They also submitted and published articles and stories in Interlac, which attracted the attention of veteran "Legion" artist Keith Giffen and future "Legion" editor Mark Waid.
Keith Giffen and early writing work.
Recognizing the Bierbaum's devotion to the Legion, Giffen contacted them, at first using them as a sounding board for his ideas about the Legion. Giffen also utilized a new costume idea for Element Lad that Tom suggested.
In 1984, when Giffen was looking for a scripter for his "Lightning" stories in Deluxe Comics' "Wally Wood's T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents", he recruited the husband and wife writing team for the job. That, along with their work for DC's "New Talent Showcase" editor Sal Amendola, convinced the editors at DC (specifically Dick Giordano) that they were ready to become "Legion" scripters.
Legion of Super-Heroes: "Five Years Later".
The Bierbaums wrote the first fifty issues of "Legion of Super-Heroes" vol. 4, from 1989–1993. Working under editor Waid and alongside Giffen and Al Gordon (who was a co-writer and Inker on the book) for the first 36 issues, the Bierbaums dialogued the "Five Years Later" storyline. The revival of the title was controversial with many longtime Legion fans, as it incorporated several major "retcons," including the editorially-mandated excision of Superboy from Legion history; the housing of Proty's consciousness in Lightning Lad's body; and the revelation that former Science Police liaison Shvaughn Erin was actually a formerly male transsexual who used drugs to maintain her female identity, while her longtime beau Element Lad was of ambiguous sexuality and would not have required her to be female. 
After Giffen's departure, the Bierbaums continued on the title for another year, overseeing the return of several classic characters, until leaving for "Legionnaires" (a spin-off title) after "Legion" issue #50 (November 1993). They wrote "Legionnaires" for its first 15 issues, until 1994.
The Bierbaums and Giffen also worked together on DC's short-lived offbeat title "The Heckler" in 1992–1993.
Image and other publishers.
After their DC work, the Bierbaums went on to write various titles for Image Comics, including "Supreme", "SuperPatriot", "Youngblood: Strikefile", and "Star", as well as "" and "Jurassic Park" for Topps Comics. Most recently, they worked on "Wonderlanders" for Oktomica and "Stormquest" for Blue Line Pro Comics.
Personal life.
Never full-time comics writers, the couple live in Erie, Pennsylvania, with their two children. Mary retired from being a nurse in 1991; Tom used to freelance for "Variety" before becoming a staffer at the short-lived entertainment/business website Inside.com. In 2001, he began work at NBC as a ratings analyst.
Writing method.
As writing partners, the Bierbaums evolved a unique collaborating style. Generally, they work together in the conceptual stage, and then Tom writes the first draft. Mary works closely with Tom on the plotting, while Tom mainly writes the dialogue, with Mary acting as a sounding board for overall "feel and direction.

</doc>
<doc id="19332821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332821" title="Grade I listed buildings in Cornwall">
Grade I listed buildings in Cornwall

There are approximately 372,905 listed historic buildings in England and 2.5% of these are Grade I. This article comprises a list of these buildings in the county of Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="19332936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332936" title="Heritage turkey">
Heritage turkey

A heritage turkey is one of a variety of strains of domestic turkey which retains historic characteristics that are no longer present in the majority of turkeys raised for consumption since the mid-20th century. Heritage turkeys can be differentiated from other domestic turkeys in that they are biologically capable of being raised in a manner that more closely matches the natural behavior and life cycle of wild turkeys. Heritage turkeys have a relatively long lifespan and a much slower growth rate than turkeys bred for industrial agriculture, and unlike industrially-bred turkeys, can reproduce without artificial insemination.
More than ten different turkey breeds are classified as heritage turkeys, including the Auburn, Buff, Black, Bourbon Red, Narragansett, Royal Palm, Slate, Standard Bronze, and Midget White. Some prominent chefs, farmers, and food critics have also contended that heritage turkey meat tastes better and is more healthy. 
Despite increasing interest in heritage turkeys, they are still a tiny minority, perhaps 25,000 raised annually compared to more than 200,000,000 industrial turkeys, and most heritage breeds are endangered in some respect. 
History.
For most of history, turkeys were primarily raised on small family farms for meat and as a form of pest control (turkeys are prodigious eaters of insects). But with the advent of factory farming of poultry, turkeys began to be selectively bred for increasingly larger size, focusing especially on the production of breast meat. Beginning in the 1920s and continuing in to the 1950s, broad-breasted fowl began to replace all other types of turkey in commercial production. The favorite breed at the time was the Broad Breasted Bronze, which was developed from the Standard Bronze. In the 1960s producers began to heavily favor turkeys that did not show the dark pin feathers in their carcass, and thus the Broad Breasted White grew to dominate the industry, a trend which continues to this day. 
To meet perceived consumer demand and increase producers' profit margins, the goal in turkey farming became the production of the maximum amount of breast meat at the lowest possible cost. As a result of selection for this single trait, 70% of the weight of mass market turkeys is in their breast. Consequently, the birds are so heavy that they are completely incapable of reproducing without artificial insemination, and they reach such extreme weights so quickly their overall development fails to keep pace with their rapidly accruing muscle mass, resulting in severe immune system, cardiac, respiratory and leg problems. 
For over 35 years, the overwhelming majority of the 280 million turkeys produced in North America each year have been the product of a few genetic strains of Broad Breasted White. The breeding stock for these birds are owned largely by three multinational corporations: Hybrid Turkeys of Ontario, Canada, British United Turkeys of America in Lewisburg, West Virginia, and Nicholas Turkey Breeding Farms in Sonoma, California. 
Along with the adoption of the Broad Breasted White by industrial producers, other turkey varieties faded in numbers. Other than exhibition birds and those on a scant few small farms, other turkeys virtually disappeared. By the end of the 20th century, all but the Broad Breasted White were in danger of extinction. Around this time, conservation organizations began to recognize the plight of heritage turkeys; The Livestock Conservancy considered heritage turkeys to the most critically endangered of all domestic animals circa 1997. A census conducted by the Conservancy found less than 1,500 total breeding birds (out of all heritage varieties) were left in the country. Some breeds, such as the Narragansett, had less than a dozen individuals left, and many considered most heritage turkeys to be beyond hope. 
The Livestock Conservancy, Slow Food USA, the Society for the Preservation of Poultry Antiquities (SPAA), the Heritage Turkey Foundation, and a few hundred key poultry enthusiasts launched a major effort to restore breeding populations of heritage turkeys in the late 20th century. One man in particular, Frank Reese Jr., has been credited by sources such as ABC News and "The New York Times" as being instrumental in preserving heritage breeds, but small farmers all across the country were also important; strains of heritage turkey kept in genetic isolation for years by family farms preserved heritage breeds for the future. Primary motivations for the endeavor included a passion for historic breeds and maintaining genetic diversity among domestic animals which humans depend upon. Consumer and restaurant interest was also motivated by a support of local and sustainable foods.
In a 2003 census by the Livestock Conservancy, heritage turkey populations had increased by more than 200 percent. By 2006, the count of heritage turkeys in the U.S. was up to 8,800 breeding birds. Though all but the Bourbon Red and Royal Palm are still considered critically endangered, the birds have rebounded significantly.
Definition.
While the moniker of heritage turkey is not a government-regulated label like organic foods, it does have a precise definition. The most notable heritage turkeys today come from specific breeds, such as the Bourbon Red, but any fowl regardless of breed can be defined as a heritage turkey if it meets the criteria mentioned below. Only a few of these are recognized by the American Poultry Association through inclusion in the "Standard of Perfection". 
Along with the surge in popularity of heritage turkeys, some farmers have (perhaps unknowingly) passed off birds which do not meet the basic definition of true heritage birds in an effort to cash in on the phenomenon. To be a true heritage turkey, birds must meet three specific criteria.
Naturally mating.
The first criterion is that heritage turkeys are able to mate naturally with no intervention from humans, and with expected fertility rates of 70-80%. Hens can lay fertile eggs, and brood their clutches to hatching. According to The Livestock Conservancy, birds must be the result of natural reproduction in order to truly be called heritage turkeys.
Long productive lifespan.
Except for a few flocks of toms kept for semen production, commercial turkeys generally never live past the point at which they reach market weight. Heritage turkeys are capable of the full normal lifespan of wild turkeys. Breeding hens are commonly productive for 5–7 years and breeding toms for 3–5 years. They are also more well-suited for outdoor and/or free range conditions in pastured poultry operations.
Slow growth rate.
All heritage turkeys have a relatively slow to moderate rate of growth. Turkeys raised in industrial agricultural are slaughtered at 14 to 18 weeks of age, while heritage turkeys reach a marketable weight in about 28 weeks, giving the birds time to develop a strong skeletal structure and healthy organs prior to building muscle mass. This growth rate is identical to that of the commercial varieties of the first half of the 20th century.
As food.
Heritage turkeys have been praised by chefs and food critics alike as being richer in flavor than industrial birds, though the lack of a large amount of breast meat means cooking times and methods may differ substantially from non-heritage birds. Heritage turkeys are closer in taste to wild turkeys, but are several pounds larger. Part of this stated increase in flavor is due to a difference in the maturity between industrial turkeys and heritage ones - if birds are slaughtered at less than four months old, they fail to ever accrue fat layers. 
Due to their rarity and the length of time involved in their growth, heritage turkeys are also far more expensive than their more common brethren. While turkeys from factory farms may be given away along with other purchases, heritage turkeys can cost in upwards of $200 (USD), though prices have fallen in some areas as they become more common. 
In addition to a difference in culinary characteristics, heritage turkeys are often considered to be a healthier food; as a result of the diet of pasture-raised turkeys, heritage meat contains far higher levels of omega-3 fatty acids, which help prevent heart disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19332973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19332973" title="Robert M. and Matilda (Kitch) Grindley House">
Robert M. and Matilda (Kitch) Grindley House

The Robert M. and Matilda (Kitch) Grindley House was a private residence located at 123 Parsons Street in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997, but was subsequently demolished.
Significance.
The Robert and Matilda Kitch Grindley House was constructed in 1897 as a single-family dwelling for the Grindley family. The house is significant because of its association with the Grindley family. Three of the Grindleys (Robert McBride, Sarah, and Joseph) made significant contributions to the surrounding community, including participating in various churches and in the social development of local youth.
Robert McBride Grindley married Matilda Kitch in 1891. Robert was president of City & Suburban Homes Company, Ltd., and was involved in much of the subdivision of what is now Detroit's western and northwestern sections. The company helped manufacturers locate plant sites, found temporary and permanent homes for their workers, and pioneered and an easy payment plan, enabling hundreds of people to buy their own homes. Robert was also a key influence in the establishment of the Boys Club of Detroit and was a Charter Member of the Detroit Board of Commerce. He died in 1946.
Sarah A. Grindley opened several Sunday schools and a camp, and was godmother to many children whose fathers were factory workers. She died in 1945. Joseph Grindley was known as a philanthropist; he founded a camp for under-privileged children and worked with a number of children's clubs. When Joseph died in 1961, the Grindley home was sold out of the family to Harold and Marie Corbett, which they left to their daughter Charlene Corbett in 1986, and was later sold to The Detroit Symphony Orchestra Hall, in 1997. The Detroit Symphony Orchestra Hall decided to demolish the home to make room for a parking structure in 1998.
Description.
The house was a -story brick building, built in a Colonial Revival style with Classical detailing. The large gable on the front façade was covered in slate, and embellished with console brackets, scalloped trim, a carved oculus encircled by a frame and voussoirs, and a large two-part lattice window. The window was originally contained in an ornate surround, with a sill supported by modillions, colonettes, and a lintel with carved swags topped with a shell motif. Side dormers with a central lunette, also faced with slate, crossed the slate roof.

</doc>
<doc id="19333001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333001" title="Washington Bridge (Connecticut)">
Washington Bridge (Connecticut)

The Washington Bridge carries U.S. Route 1 over the Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut, connecting the city of Milford to the town of Stratford. Its geographic location is N 41.20037 by W −73.11039. It is considered architecturally notable by the National Register of Historic Places for its five arches.
The Washington Bridge is the longest drawbridge on the Boston Post Road. It is a steel trunnion-bearing bascule drawbridge. in length by in width, featuring two lanes in each direction for automotive traffic and a sidewalk for pedestrians. The clear channel for shipping is wide.
The bridge, which cost $1.5 million in 1921, was the largest and most expensive project of the state highway department up to the date of its construction. It is also known as Bridge No. 327.
Another alternate name for the structure is the Devon Bridge.
History.
Prior to the current bridge there were two prior spans serving from 1803 to 1894 & 1894 to 1921 (see postcard image).
The first noted transport across the river at this point was a ferry that began service around May 1758. The Sons of the American Revolution note that this crossing was likely used by George Washington on his journey from Philadelphia to Cambridge, Massachusetts to assume his command of the Colonial Army in 1775.
The first bridge at this point was proposed in 1803 by the Milford and Stratford Bridge Company, whom changed their name to the Washington Bridge Company that same year. The first permanent standing (wooden) bridge opened in 1813, complete with a toll. This bridge was rebuilt at least twice: once in 1807 when ice flows carried the bridge out to sea and again in 1868 when it was struck by the steamer Monitor.
In 1844 Governor Roger Sherman Baldwin vetoed a bill requiring the Washington Bridge Company to make alterations to the bridge at its own expense even though the conditions requiring these changes did not exist when the bridge was originally built. The veto was overridden by an act of the Connecticut General Assembly.
In 1845 the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that the act was unconstitutional in "Washington Bridge Company v. Stewart".
The second bridge opened in 1894 and was built of iron for $88,500. It featured two fixed spans and a single swinging span in the center, with a walking path on the northern side. A trolley line was originally objected to by the New York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad but was ultimately added in the southern lane.
Built in 1921, the original fabricator of the current bridge was Bethlehem Steel Bridge.
The Washington Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Non-motorized access.
The Washington Bridge is the only crossing of the Housatonic River for pedestrians or bicyclists near Long Island Sound. The next available crossing would be the newly reconstructed Igor I. Sikorsky Memorial Bridge roughly upriver.
It is illegal to fish from the bridge.
Renovations.
The bridge has seen several renovations, including those completed in:
Safety inspection results.
Inspection ratings from the National Bridge Inventory as of September 2010 were:

</doc>
<doc id="19333014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333014" title="2007 Shandong coal mine flood">
2007 Shandong coal mine flood

The 2007 Shandong coal mine flood was an incident that occurred on August 17, 2007 in Xintai, Shandong, People's Republic of China, when heavy rain caused a river to burst a levee creating a flood into two mine shafts. By 8:50 am (1:50GMT), the mine was inundated underwater.
Damages and casualties.
More than 200mm of rain had fallen in Xintai, causing a 50-metre breach of a levee of the Wen river. Water poured into the 860-metre deep pit at the Huayuan mine, quickly overwhelming the mine's pumps. The 172 miners were trapped in a 3,000-foot-deep mine shaft when a mine operated by the Huayuan Mining Co. Nine others were also missing, in a nearby mine run by a different company. None of the 181 miners, living or dead, were recovered from the two mines after the accident.
The Huayuan mine was flooded with an estimated 12 million cubic metres of water. If all six available pumps were used around the clock they could pump out about 120,000 cubic metres of water a day. But only four were operational. Unofficially, experts say that it would take almost 100 days to drain the water inside the mine.
Aftermath.
An official at China.com.cn discussed the fact that signs of flooding had appeared in advance prior to the incident, and that the "disaster was completely avoidable." On September 6, the Shangdong provincial government issued a statement citing scientists who said that none of the miners would be able to make it out alive after that amount of time underground.

</doc>
<doc id="19333025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333025" title="Antonio José Ramírez Salaverría">
Antonio José Ramírez Salaverría

Antonio José Ramírez Salaverría (born October 31, 1917) is a Venezuelan Prelate of Roman Catholic Church. At the age of , he is one of oldest Roman Catholic bishops and the oldest Venezuelan Catholic bishop.
Ramírez Salaverría was born in Cariaco, Venezuela and was ordained a priest on July 14, 1940 from the Archdiocese of Cumaná. On May 24, 1958 he was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Maturín and ordained bishop September 14, 1958. He remained in that position until his retirement on May 7, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19333053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333053" title="Ludwig Derleth">
Ludwig Derleth

Ludwig Derleth (3 November 1870 – 13 January 1948) was a German writer.
He was born in Gerolzhofen in Bavaria. After studying philosophy and literature Derleth worked as a college level teacher of ancient languages. While living in Munich he became part of the Stefan George entourage and also the Munich Cosmic Circle of Alfred Schuler and Ludwig Klages, which broke up in 1904. 
In later years he made his living as a free-lance writer in Rome, Basel, Perchtolfsdorf outside Vienna and, from 1935, in Ticino, where he died in 1948.
Work.
He published his first poems in George's "Blättern für die Kunst" and in the Jugend magazine "Pan". In 1904 he published his "Proclamations" for a reformed and reorganized Catholicism. Derleth spent 40 years completing his major work "Der fränkische Koran". He may have served as a model for Thomas Mann's 1904 novel "At the Prophet's".
Other works: "Seraphinische Hochzeit" (1939) and "Der Tod des Thanatos" (1945).

</doc>
<doc id="19333061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333061" title="Bacchides">
Bacchides

Bacchides may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19333073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333073" title="Alexander Chen">
Alexander Chen

Alexander Chen is an internationally acclaimed artist. His reputation for creating captivating city scenes, enchanting landscapes and famous landmarks is greatly admired. Chen has received worldwide recognition for his colorful and exciting works of art as his popularity in the United States, Japan, and Europe continues to grow.
Born in Guangzhou China in 1952, Chen first discovered his love of art while developing a series of drawings at the age of four. At 16, he moved to the countryside and became a farmer.
In the late 1980s, Chen studied and taught at Guangzhou Academy of Fine Arts in China, then Alexander Chen moved his family to Northern California
Chen was awarded membership in the National Artist Association of China.
Alexander Chen is an official artist for the US Olympic Team. He created originals for the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics and the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics. Alexander has the distinguished honor of being the only Olympic Artist sanctioned by both the US Olympic Committee and the Beijing Olympic Committee.
Chen's works of art have been collected or licensed by many individuals companies and charities including Northwest Airlines, UNICEF and various art trade magazines.
He is represented by Tom Binder Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19333088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333088" title="Oira Sukeban">
Oira Sukeban

, sometimes called Sukeban Boy, is a Japanese manga created by Go Nagai in 1974. It is a comedy with several erotic touches, where the protagonist Banji Suke (or Sukeban) has to disguise himself as a girl in order to be able to attend an all-female school. As Suke Ban is a rebellious boy, this situation creates several comedic troubles.
The manga was adapted to an OVA in 1992 and was released by ADV Films in the US under the name "Delinquent in Drag". The series has also been named by d/visual in Italy as "La canaglia in minigonna".
It has also spawned two live-action movies, "Oira Sukeban: Kessen! Pansutō" (おいら女蛮 決戦!パンス党) in 1992 starring actor Shinji Takeda, and "Oira Sukeban" (called mostly Sukeban Boy) in 2006 starring AV idol Asami (亜紗美).

</doc>
<doc id="19333108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333108" title="Church of St John the Baptist, Stanford on Soar">
Church of St John the Baptist, Stanford on Soar

The Church of St. John the Baptist, Stanford on Soar is a parish church in the Church of England in Stanford on Soar, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church was medieval but restored in 1893 and 1894 by W. S. Weatherley.
It is the most southerly church in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham and the Province of York.
Pipe Organ.
The church has a small two manual pipe organ by Henry Willis dating from 1895. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register
Bells.
The church has eight bells.
Current parish status.
It is in a group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19333110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333110" title="Lincoln Center (disambiguation)">
Lincoln Center (disambiguation)

Lincoln Center may refer to several places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19333117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333117" title="32nd Indiana Infantry Regiment">
32nd Indiana Infantry Regiment

32nd Regiment Indiana Infantry was also known as the 1st German Regiment (an all-German regiment). Governor Oliver P. Morton commissioned August Willich of Cincinnati as Colonel of the 32nd Indiana.
The Thirty-second gained nationwide recognition for its stand against Confederate forces at Rowlett's Station, Ky. A detachment of 500 men under Lt. Col. Henry von Trebra fought off 1300 men of Terry's Texas Rangers and infantry under General Hindman. The 32nd formed the "hollow square", and drove the attackers back, losing 10 and 22 wounded, but killing thirty-three of the enemy, including Col. Terry and wounding fifty others.
The 32nd saw action at Shiloh on the second day, during which Col. Willich displayed great leadership. When his troops became unsteady under fire, he stood before them, his back to the enemy, and conducted the regiment through the manual of arms. He had the regimental band play 'La Marsaillaise', which was the anthem for all republican movements in Europe. Recovering its stability, the 32nd launched a bayonet attack. Willich was promoted to brigade command. The 32nd remained in his brigade, under command of von Trebra and, later, Frank Erdelmeyer.
August Bloedner, a Private of Cincinnati, commemorate the deaths of his comrades killed in action at the Battle of Rowlett's Station, Kentucky, in December 1861, by building the first monument of the American Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="19333138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333138" title="2004 German Figure Skating Championships">
2004 German Figure Skating Championships

The 2004 German Figure Skating Championships () were the German Figure Skating Championships for the 2003–2004 season. They were the figure skating national championship that determined the national champions of Germany for that season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating. 
The 2003–2004 competition took place in Berlin, Germany during January 2–4, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19333139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333139" title="Political forecasting">
Political forecasting

Political forecasting aims at predicting the outcome of elections. Models include:
Opinion polls.
Polls are a basic part of political forecasting. However, including poll results into political forecasting models can cause problems. This is seen when predicting the outcome of elections. There are a few ways to stay away from inaccurate election forecasts.
Averaging polls.
Combining poll data lowers the forecasting mistakes of a poll. Political forecasting models include averaged poll results, such as the RealClearPolitics poll average.
Poll damping.
Poll Damping is when incorrect marks of public opinion is not used in a forecast model. Early in the campaign, polls are bad measures of the future choices of voters. The poll results closer to an election are a more accurate prediction. Campbell (1996) shows the power of poll damping in political forecasting.
Markets.
Prediction Markets show very accurate forecasts of an election outcome. An example of this is the Iowa Electronic Markets. In a study, 964 election polls were compared with the five US presidential elections from 1988 to 2004. Berg et al. (2008) showed that the Iowa Electronic Markets topped the polls 74% of the time. However, damped polls have been shown to top prediction markets. Comparing damped polls to forecasts of the Iowa Electronic Markets, Erikson and Wlezien (2008) showed that the damped polls outperform all markets or models.
Regression models.
Political scientists and economists oftentimes use regression models of past elections. This is done to help forecast the vote of the two political parties- Democrats and Republicans. The information helps with their parties next presidential candidate forecast for the future. Most models include at least one public opinion variable, a trial heat poll, or a presidential approval rating.

</doc>
<doc id="19333155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333155" title="Keith Lee Morris">
Keith Lee Morris

Keith Lee Morris is an American author who has published two novels, "The Greyhound God" (University of Nevada Press, 2003) and "The Dart League King" (Tin House Books, 2008), as well as two collections of short stories, "The Best Seats in the House and Other Stories" (University of Nevada Press, 2004) and "Call It What You Want" (Tin House Books, 2010). His work has been published in "A Public Space", "Tin House", "The Southern Review", "Ninth Letter", "Story Quarterly", "The New England Review","The Cincinnati Review", and "The Georgia Review".
Morris received his MFA in Writing from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. He is currently an Associate Professor in creative writing in the Clemson University English Department.
Accolades.
Morris's novel, "The Dart League King", garnered a Starred Review and "Pick of the Week" in "Publishers Weekly" and a Starred Review from Booklist. 
His story "Tired Heart" was included in the collection "New Stories from the South: The Year's Best, 2006."
His story "The Culvert" won the 2005 Eudora Welty Prize

</doc>
<doc id="19333165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333165" title="Sparkle Hayter">
Sparkle Hayter

Sparkle Hayter (born 1958) is a Canadian journalist and author.
Hayter was born in Pouce Coupe, British Columbia, Canada and grew up in Edmonton, Alberta. In 1986, she graduated in film and television production from New York University. Among other things, she worked for CNN in Atlanta, WABC in New York and Global Television in Toronto. At the time of the Afghan civil war, she moved to Pakistan and then went along with the Mujahedin to Afghanistan, reporting for the Toronto Star. After this, she decided to give up journalism as a career. After her return to the U.S. she married and began her career as a comic and a writer with her first, not very successful, novel. She moved briefly to Tokyo, then on her return to New York divorced and went to live in the famous Chelsea Hotel.
She then published a further 5 novels, the Robin Hudson series, which proved her breakthrough. She wrote for the New York Times Op-Ed Page, the Nation and Toronto Globe and Mail, was a regular participant on CNN's talk show "CNN & Company" and was also seen on Good Day New York, NPR, CBC, BBC and Paris Premiere. Currently she lives in Paris and is writing her next novel. 
In 1995 she received the Arthur Ellis Award (Best First Crime Novel) of the Crime Writers of Canada for her novel "What's A Girl Gotta Do?".
Hayter has also performed as a stand-up.

</doc>
<doc id="19333169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333169" title="Will Coghlan">
Will Coghlan

Will Coghlan (born 1980) is a co-founder of TinyPass, an Internet startup that enables quick and secure transactions for access to web and mobile content. When it launched in early 2011, TinyPass was described as having "solved every publisher's paywall problem". 
Before TinyPass, Will Coghlan was on the team that created Dynamo Player, an online video platform that offers an alternative to the ad-based revenue model by allowing film and video creators to easily distribute their work for paid-viewing. 
Prior to that, Will Coghlan was co-host of Political Lunch, a daily online news program on political affairs. 
Before joining Hudson Street Media, Will worked as the communications director for the national non-profit Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, a communications advisor to John Lynch, and a reporter covering presidential campaigns for a daily newspaper in New Hampshire.
He was born in Springfield, MA, attended the Hotchkiss School and Bates College, graduating from Bates in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19333245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333245" title="2008 Connecticut Huskies football team">
2008 Connecticut Huskies football team

The 2008 Connecticut Huskies football team represents the University of Connecticut in the 2008 college football season as a member of the Big East Conference. The team is coached by Randy Edsall and plays its home games at Rentschler Field in East Hartford, Connecticut.
Game notes.
Hofstra.
Making their 2008 season debut, the Huskies came out strong scoring 14 points in each of the first two quarters en route to a 35-3 victory against FCS opponent Hofstra. In the game, Donald Brown rushed for 150 yards and four touchdowns before giving way to Robbie Frey who added a score of his own. UConn also extended their home winning streak to 8 games extending back to last season.
Temple.
As UConn took the show on the road, conditions were less than ideal as Hurricane Hanna (in a weakened state) made her presence felt in Philadelphia. The game which was billed by Temple as UConn/Temple II didn't really live up to the hype of the controversial game last year. In a game which was largely played within the 20's, Donald Brown rushed for a career high 214 yards, and the game winning touchdown in overtime. Place kicker Tony Ciaravino added two field goals to give UConn their twelve point total for the day.
Virginia.
Junior tailback Donald Brown rushed for over 200 yards for the second consecutive week and senior quarterback Tyler Lorenzen had a terrific game running the Connecticut offense as the Huskies manhandled Virginia, 45-10, in a non-conference football game played before a sellout crowd of 40,000 at Rentschler Field.
Baylor.
Junior tailback Donald Brown scored on a three-yard run with 6:04 remaining in the fourth quarter and the Connecticut defense held Baylor on fourth down with less than a minute to play as the Huskies hung on to defeat the Bears, 31-28, before a crowd of 38,870 at Rentschler Field.
Louisville.
The Huskies took the show on the road to start a very long, and potentially very rewarding three game road trip. The defense for UConn was less than stellar allowing 508 yards of offense, almost double their own output. The shining light for the Huskies was Donald Brown, who rushed for 190 yards and a touchdown. When he was given the ball, he made things happen time and time again. The injury bug also hit the Huskies and hit them hard. Starting quarterback Tyler Lorenzen suffered a broken foot early in the second quarter paving the way for Notre Dame transfer Zach Frazier to take over the helm. Later in the third quarter, senior tight end Steve Brouse suffered a broken fibula. Despite the injuries to two of their senior offensive leaders, the Huskies rallied late behind Frazier and two way player Darius Butler. Trailing by one point with 2:45 left in the game, Linebacker Lawrence Wilson picked off Cardinal's quarterback Hunter Cantwell and went 45 yards the other way to put UConn up 26-21, with the two-point conversion being unsuccessful. The UConn defense held strong on the ensuing possession, sealing the victory, and the Huskies second consecutive 5-0 start.
International Bowl.
The Huskies had a great season and were invited to their third bowl game in school history for the second straight year. On January 3, 2009 they played the University of Buffalo Bulls in the International Bowl in Toronto, Canada. The Huskies started off committing sloppy turnovers in the first half but would go on to win the game 38-20. Steve Brouse caught the only touchdown pass of the game while running back Donald Brown rushed for 261 yards on 29 carries and one TD. He was named the MVP of the game and after the game he decided to forgo his senior season to enter the 2009 NFL Draft.
2009 Draft.
Four players on the 2008 UConn football team were selected in the 2009 NFL Draft on April 25, 2009. Donald Brown was selected at #27 by the Indianapolis Colts, Darius Butler was selected by the New England Patriots at #41, Will Beatty and Cody Brown were selected late in the 2nd round at #60 (Will Beatty, New York Giants) and #63 (Cody Brown, Arizona Cardinals).
After the Draft, four other Huskies signed free agent contracts with NFL Teams. Those Huskies include: Julius Williams (Jacksonville Jaguars), Dahna Deleston (Chicago Bears), Tyler Lorenzen (Jacksonville Jaguars), and Keith Gray (Carolina Panthers)
On May 2, 2009, Senior Martin Bédard was taken in the second round of the CFL Canadian Football League Draft by the Montreal Alouettes
Post Season Team Awards.
The 2008 Connecticut Huskies post season team awards were handed out during their annual team banquet. The award winners were:

</doc>
<doc id="19333309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333309" title="Viking expansion">
Viking expansion

The Vikings sailed most of the North Atlantic, reaching south to North Africa and east to Russia, Constantinople and the Middle East, as looters, traders, colonists, and mercenaries. Vikings under Leif Ericson, heir to Erik the Red, reached North America, and set up a short-lived settlement in present-day L'Anse aux Meadows, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. Longer, more established settlements were formed in Greenland, Iceland, Great Britain, and Normandy.
Motivation for expansion.
There's much debate among historians about what drove the Viking expansion. One widely held idea is that it was a quest for retaliation against continental Europeans for their previous invasions of Viking homelands, such as Charlemagne's campaign to force Scandinavian pagans to convert to Christianity by killing any who refused to become baptized. The historian Rudolf Simek has observed, “It is not a coincidence if the early Viking activity occurred during the reign of Charlemagne.” Those who favor this explanation point out that the penetration of Christianity into Scandinavia caused serious conflict and divided Norway for almost a century. However, the first target of Viking raids was not the Frankish Kingdom, but England, which seems inconsistent with vengeance as a motive.
Another idea is that the Viking population had exceeded the agricultural potential of their homeland. This may have been true of western Norway, where there were few reserves of land, but it is unlikely the rest of Scandinavia was experiencing famine.
Alternatively, some scholars propose that the Viking expansion was driven by a youth bulge effect: since the eldest son of a family customarily inherited the family's entire estate, younger sons had to seek their fortune by emigrating or engaging in raids.
However, no rise in population, youth bulge, or decline in agricultural production during this period has been definitively demonstrated. Nor is it clear why such pressures would have prompted expansion overseas rather than into the vast, uncultivated forest areas in the interior of the Scandinavian Peninsula, although perhaps emigration or sea raids may have been easier or more profitable than clearing large areas of forest for farm and pasture in a region with a limited growing season.
An idea that avoids these shortcomings is that the Scandinavians might have practiced selective procreation leading to a shortage of women, and that the Vikings main motive for emigration was to acquire wives, although this would not explain why the Vikings chose to settle in other countries rather than bringing the women back with them to Scandinavia.
It is also possible that a decline in the profitability of old trade routes drove the Vikings to seek out new, more profitable ones. Trade between western Europe and the rest of Eurasia may have suffered after the Roman Empire fell in the 5th century, and the expansion of Islam in the 7th century may have reduced trade opportunities within western Europe by redirecting resources along the Silk Road. Trade in the Mediterranean was at its lowest level in history when the Vikings began their expansion. The Viking expansion opened new trade routes in Arabic and Frankish lands, and took control of trade markets previously dominated by the Frisians after the Franks' destroyed the Frisian fleet..
Settlement demographics.
Viking settlements in Ireland and Great Britain are thought to have been primarily male enterprises. The males buried during that period in a cemetery on the Isle of Man had mainly names of Norse origin, while the females there had names of indigenous origin. Irish and British women are mentioned in old texts on the founding of Iceland, indicating that the Viking explorers were accompanied there by women from the British Isles who either came along voluntarily or were taken along by force. Genetic studies of the population in Iceland and the Western Isles and Isle of Skye also show that Viking settlements were established mainly by male Vikings who mated with women from the local populations of those places.
However, not all Viking settlements were primarily male. Genetic studies of the Shetland population suggest that family units consisting of Viking women as well as men were the norm among the migrants to these areas.
This may be because areas like Shetland Island, being closer to Scandinavia, were more suitable targets for family migrations, while frontier settlements further north and west were more suitable for groups of unattached male colonizers.
British Isles.
England.
The date given for the earliest Viking attack is traditionally 787, when, according to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle," three ships from Norway sailed into Portland Bay in Dorset. There, an agent of the king mistook the Viking sailors for merchants and tried to get them to accompany him to the king's manor to pay a trading tax on their goods. They murdered him instead. The earliest recorded planned raid, on 6 January, 793, was on the monastery on the island of Lindisfarne, off the east coast of England. According to the 12th century Anglo-Norman chronicler Symeon of Durham, the resident monks were killed, or thrown into the sea to drown, or carried away as slaves—along with some of the church treasures. In 875, after enduring eight decades of repeated Viking raids, the monks fled Lindisfarne, carrying the relics of Saint Cuthbert with them.
In 865, a group of hitherto uncoordinated bands of predominantly Danish Vikings joined together to form a large army and landed in East Anglia. The army was described by the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle as the Great Heathen Army and was said to have been led by Ivar the Boneless, Halfdan and Guthrum. They crossed England into Northumbria and captured York (Jorvik), where some settled as farmers. Most of the English kingdoms, being in turmoil, could not stand against the Vikings, but Alfred of Wessex defeated the Great Army at the Battle of Edington in 878. There followed the Treaty of Wedmore the same year and the Treaty of Alfred and Guthrum in 886. These treaties formalised the boundaries of their kingdoms and the Viking Danelaw territory, with provisions for peaceful relations between the English and the Vikings. Despite these treaties, conflict continued on and off. However, Alfred and his successors were eventually able to drive back the Viking frontier and retake York.
A new wave of Vikings appeared in England in 947, when Erik Bloodaxe captured York. The Viking presence continued through the reign of Cnut the Great (1016–1035), after which a series of inheritance arguments weakened the hold on power of Cnut's heirs.
In one instance in England, according to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", a small Viking fleet attacked a rich monastery at Jarrow. The Vikings were met with stronger resistance than they had expected: their leaders were killed. The raiders escaped, only to have their ships beached at Tynemouth and the crews killed by locals. This was one of the last raids on England for about 40 years. The Vikings focused instead on Ireland and Scotland.
When Edward the Confessor died in 1066, his successor Harold Godwinson was challenged by the Norwegian king Harald Hardrada. Hardrada was killed, and his Norwegian army defeated, by Godwinson at the Battle of Stamford Bridge. Godwinson himself was killed when the English army were defeated at the Battle of Hastings, in October 1066 by William the Conqueror. William was crowned king of England on 25 December 1066, however it was several years before he was able to bring the kingdom under his complete control. The Danish king Sweyn Estridsson sailed up the Humber, in 1070, with an army in support of Edgar the Ætheling, the last male member of the English royal family. However, after capturing York, Sweyn accepted a payment from William to desert Edgar. Five years later one of Sweyn's sons set sail for England to support another English rebellion, but it had been crushed before they arrived, so they settled for plundering the city of York and surrounding area, before returning home. In 1085 Sweyn's son, now Canute IV of Denmark planned a major invasion against England but the assembled fleet never sailed. There was no serious invasion or raids of England by the Danes after this.
It is important to bear in mind that not all the Norse arriving in Ireland and Great Britain came as raiders. Many arrived with families and livestock, often in the wake of the capture of territory by their forces. The populations then merged over time by intermarriage into the Anglo-Saxon population of these areas. Many words in the English language are from old Scandinavian languages, showing the importance of this contact.
Scotland.
The monastery at Iona on the west coast was first raided in 794, and had to be abandoned some fifty years later after several devastating attacks. While there are few records from the earliest period, it is believed that Scandinavian presence in Scotland increased in the 830s.
The isles to the north and west of Scotland were heavily colonized by Norwegian Vikings. Shetland, Orkney and the Hebrides came under Norse control, sometimes as fiefs under the King of Norway, and at other times as separate entities under variously the Kings of the Isles, the Earldom of Orkney and the later Kings of Mann and the Isles. Shetland and Orkney were the last of these to be incorporated into Scotland in as late as 1468.
Cornwall.
In 722, according to the "Welsh Annals" the Cornish gained a victory at the Battle of Hehil. The battle was probably against the neighbouring Anglo-Saxon Kingdom of Wessex led by King Ine. The battle may have been in the Camel estuary area, perhaps near modern day Padstow. This battle, plus the continual harrying of Wessex, by their Danish allies, allowed the Cornish to remain independent for the next hundred years with their eastern border on the River Exe-River Taw line until 838 The "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" reported that "heathen men" (the Danes) raided Charmouth, Dorset in 833 AD, then in 997 AD they destroyed the Dartmoor town of Lydford, and from 1001 AD to 1003 AD they occupied the old Roman city of Exeter.
The Cornish were subjugated by Æthelstan and the border finally set at the River Tamar in 936. However, the Cornish remained semi-autonomous till their annexation into England after the Norman Conquest.
Wales.
Wales was not colonized by the Vikings significantly as in eastern England. The Vikings did, however, settle in small numbers in the south around St Davids, Haverfordwest, and the Gower. Place names such as Skokholm, Skomer, and Swansea remain as evidence of the Norse settlement. The Vikings, however, were not able to set up a Viking state or control Wales, owing to the powerful forces of Welsh kings, and, unlike in Scotland, the aristocracy was relatively unharmed.
Nevertheless, following the successful Viking alliance with Britanny in 865, the Britons made their peace with the Danes, and a Viking/Welsh alliance in 878 defeated an Anglo-Saxon army from Mercia. Although the Welsh had been longtime enemies of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Mercia, their relationship with the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex was somewhat warmer. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle of 893, for example, refers to Vikings being pursued by a combined force of West Saxons and north Welsh along the River Severn.
The city of Swansea was founded by the imperialist Sweyn Forkbeard, King of Denmark, who by 1013 was King of the Danes, Anglo-Saxons and Norwegians. Swansea is a corruption of the Norse "Sweyns Ey", which means "Sweyn's island". The island refers to the area around the estuary of the river Tawe. The neighboring Gower Peninsula has some place names of Norse origin (such as Worm's Head; worm is the Norse word for dragon, as the Vikings believed that the serpent-shaped island was a sleeping dragon). Twenty miles (32 km) west of Cardiff on the Vale of Glamorgan coast is the semi-flooded island of Tusker Rock, which takes its name from Tuska, the Viking who established a settlement in the area.
Ireland.
The Vikings conducted extensive raids in Ireland and founded many towns, including Dublin, Limerick, Mullingar, Wexford, Waterford and Leixlip. Literature, crafts, and decorative styles in Ireland and Britain reflected Scandinavian culture. Vikings traded at Irish markets in Dublin. Excavations found imported fabrics from England, Byzantium, Persia, and central Asia. Dublin became so crowded by the 11th century that houses were constructed outside the town walls.
The Vikings pillaged monasteries on Ireland's west coast in 795, and then spread out to cover the rest of the coastline. The north and east of the island were most affected. During the first 40 years, the raids were conducted by small, mobile Viking groups. From 830 on, the groups consisted of large fleets of Viking ships. From 840, the Vikings began establishing permanent bases at the coasts. Dublin was the most significant settlement in the long term. The Irish became accustomed to the Viking presence and culture. In some cases they became allies and also intermarried throughout all of Ireland.
In 832, a Viking fleet of about 120 ships under Turgesius invaded kingdoms on Ireland’s northern and eastern coasts. Some believe that the increased number of invaders coincided with Scandinavian leaders’ desires to control the profitable raids on the western shores of Ireland. During the mid-830s, raids began to push deeper into Ireland. Navigable waterways made this deeper penetration possible. After 840, the Vikings had several bases in strategic locations throughout Ireland.
In 838, a small Viking fleet entered the River Liffey in eastern Ireland, probably led by the chieftain Saxolb ("Soxulfr") who was killed later that year. The Vikings set up a base, which the Irish called longphorts. This longphort would eventually become Dublin. After this interaction, the Irish experienced Viking forces for about 40 years. The Vikings also established longphorts in Cork, Limerick, Waterford, and Wexford. The Vikings were driven out of Ireland for a short period around 900, but returned to Waterford in 914 to found what would become Ireland's first city. The other longphorts were soon re-occupied and developed into cities and towns.
The last major Irish battle involving Vikings was the Battle of Clontarf in 1014, in which a large force from the pan-Viking world and their Irish allies opposed Brian Boru, then the High King of Ireland and his forces, a small contingent of which were Viking defectors. The battle was fought in what is the now Dublin suburb of Clontarf on Good Friday of that year. Boru, the Irish High King had allowed the Viking King of Dublin; Sigtrygg Silkbeard, one year to prepare for his coming assault. Silkbeard responded by offering the bed of his mother to several Viking lords from Scandinavia, Ireland and Britain. The savage melee between the heavily mailed Norse and the unarmoured, yet undaunted Gaels ended in a rout of the Vikings and their Irish allies. Careful accounts were taken by both sides during the battle, and thus many famous warriors sought each other out for personal combat and glory. High King Brian, who was nearly eighty, did not personally engage in the battle but retired to his tent where he spent the day in quiet prayer. The Viking Brodir of Man chanced upon Brian's tent as he fled the field. He and a few followers seized the opportunity, and surprised the High King, killing the aged Brian before being captured. Brian's foster son Wolf the Quarrelsome later tracked down and dispatched Brodir by disembowelment. Wolf watching as Brodir marched and wound his own innards around the trunk of a large tree. The battle was fairly matched for most of the day and each side had great respect for the prowess of the other; however, in the end, the Irish forced the Norse to return to the sea. Many of the fleeing Vikings were drowned in the surf due to their heavy mail coats as they struggled for the safety of their longships; others were pursued and slain further inland. After the battle, Viking power was broken in Ireland forever, though many settled Norse remained in the cities and prospered greatly with the Irish through trade. With Brian dead, Ireland returned to the fractured kingdom it had once been, but was now cleared of further Viking predation.
Europe and Asia.
Normandy.
The Viking presence in Normandy began with the raids deep into the territory of the Frankish Empire, from the middle of 9th century. Viking raids extended deep into the Frankish territory, and included the sacking of many prominent towns such as Rouen, Paris and the abbey at Jumieges. The inability of the Frankish king Charles the Bald, and later Charles the Simple, to prevent these Viking incursions forced them to offer vast payments of silver and gold to prevent any further pillage. These pay-offs were short lived of course, and the Danish raiders would always return for more.
The Duchy of Normandy was created for the Viking leader Rollo after he had besieged Paris. In 911, Rollo entered vassalage to the king of the West Franks Charles the Simple through the Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte. This treaty made of Rollo the first Norman count of Rouen. In addition, Rollo was to be baptized and marry Gisele, the illegitimate daughter of Charles. In exchange for his homage and fealty, Rollo legally gained the territory which he and his Viking allies had previously conquered.
The descendants of Rollo and his followers adopted the local Gallo-Romance languages and intermarried with the area’s original inhabitants. They became the Normans – a Norman French-speaking mixture of Scandinavians and indigenous Franks and Gauls. The language of Normandy heavily reflected the Danish influence, as many words (especially one pertaining to seafaring) were borrowed from Danish.
Rollo's descendant William, Duke of Normandy became king of England after he defeated Harold Godwinson and his army at the Battle of Hastings in October 1066. As king of England, he retained the fiefdom of Normandy for himself and his descendants. The kings of England claim to Normandy, as well as their other possessions in France, led to various disputes with the French. This culminated in the French confiscation of Gascony that precipitated what became known as the Hundred Years' War, in 1337.
West Francia and Middle Francia.
West Francia and Middle Francia suffered more severely than East Francia during the Viking raids of the 9th century. The reign of Charles the Bald coincided with some of the worst of these raids, though he did take action by the Edict of Pistres of 864 to secure a standing army of cavalry under royal control to be called upon at all times when necessary to fend off the invaders. He also ordered the building of fortified bridges to prevent inland raids.
Nonetheless, the Bretons allied with the Vikings and Robert, the margrave of Neustria, (a march created for defence against the Vikings sailing up the Loire), and Ranulf of Aquitaine died in the Battle of Brissarthe in 865. The Vikings also took advantage of the civil wars which ravaged the Duchy of Aquitaine in the early years of Charles' reign. In the 840s, Pepin II called in the Vikings to aid him against Charles and they settled at the mouth of the Garonne as they did by the Loire. Two dukes of Gascony, Seguin II and William I, died defending Bordeaux from Viking assaults. A later duke, Sancho Mitarra, even settled some at the mouth of the Adour near Bayonne in an act presaging that of Charles the Simple and the Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte by which the Vikings were settled in Rouen, creating Normandy as a bulwark against other Vikings.
In the 9th and 10th centuries, the Vikings raided the largely defenceless Frisian and Frankish towns lying on the coast and along the rivers of the Low Countries. Although Vikings never settled in large numbers in those areas, they did set up long-term bases and were even acknowledged as lords in a few cases. They set up bases in Saint-Florent-le-Vieil at the mouth of the Loire, in Taillebourg on the mid Charente, also around Bayonne on the banks of the Adour, in Noirmoutier and obviously on the River Seine (Rouen) in what would become Normandy.
Antwerp was raided in 836. Later there were raids of Ghent, Kortrijk, Tournai, Leuven and the areas around the Meuse river, the Rhine, the Rupel river and the tributaries of those rivers. Raids were conducted from bases established in Asselt, Walcheren, Wieringen and Elterberg (or Eltenberg, a small hill near Elten). In Dutch and Frisian historical tradition, the trading centre of Dorestad declined after Viking raids from 834 to 863; however, since no convincing Viking archaeological evidence has been found at the site (as of 2007), doubts about this have grown in recent years.
One of the most important Viking families in the Low Countries was that of Rorik of Dorestad (based in Wieringen) and his brother Harald (based in Walcheren). Around 850, Lothair I acknowledged Rorik as ruler of most of Friesland. And again in 870 Rorik was received by Charles the Bald in Nijmegen, to whom he became a vassal. Viking raids continued during this period. Harald’s son Rodulf and his men were killed by the people of Oostergo in 873. Rorik died sometime before 882.
Buried Viking treasures consisting mainly of silver have been found in the Low Countries. Two such treasures have been found in Wieringen. A large treasure found in Wieringen in 1996 dates from around 850 and is thought perhaps to have been connected to Rorik. The burial of such a valuable treasure is seen as an indication that there was a permanent settlement in Wieringen.
Around 879, Godfrid arrived in Frisian lands as the head of a large force that terrorised the Low Countries. Using Ghent as his base, they ravaged Ghent, Maastricht, Liège, Stavelot, Prüm, Cologne, and Koblenz. Controlling most of Frisia between 882 and his death in 885, Godfrid became known to history as Godfrid, Duke of Frisia. His lordship over Frisia was acknowledged by Charles the Fat, to whom he became a vassal. In the siege of Asselt in 882, the Franks sieged a Viking camp at Asselt in Frisia. Although the Vikings were not forced by arms to abandon their camp, they were compelled to come to terms in which their leader, Godfrid, was converted to Christianity. Godfrid was assassinated in 885, after which Gerolf of Holland assumed lordship and Viking rule of Frisia came to an end.
Viking raids of the Low Countries continued for over a century. Remains of Viking attacks dating from 880 to 890 have been found in Zutphen and Deventer. The last attacks took place in Tiel in 1006 and Utrecht in 1007.
Iberia.
Galicia.
By the mid 9th century, though apparently not before there were Viking attacks on the coastal Kingdom of Galicia in the far northwest of the peninsula, though historical sources are too meagre to assess how frequent or how early raiding occurred. By the reign of Alfonso III Vikings were stifling the already weak threads of sea communications that tied Galicia to the rest of Europe. Fletcher mentions raids on the Galician coast in 844 and 858: "Alfonso III was sufficiently worried by the threat of Viking attack to establish fortified strong points near his coastline, as other rulers were doing elsewhere." The first recorded attack on Iberia was carried out in 844. In 861, a group of Vikings ransomed García Íñiguez, king of Pamplona, whom they had captured the previous year, for 60,000 gold pieces.
Raiding continued for the next two centuries. In 968 Bishop Sisnando Menéndez of Compostela was killed, the monastery of Curtis was sacked, and measures were ordered for the defense of the inland town of Lugo. After Tui was sacked early in the 11th century, its bishopric remained vacant for the next half-century. Ransom was a motive for abductions: Fletcher instances Amarelo Mestáliz, who was forced to raise money on the security of his land in order to ransom his daughters who had been captured by the Vikings in 1015. Bishop Cresconio of Compostela (ca. 1036 – 66) repulsed a Viking foray and built the fortress at "Torres do Oeste" (Council of Catoira) to protect Compostela from the Atlantic approaches.
Islamic World.
While connections between the Norse and Eastern Islamic lands (particularly around the Caspian) were well-established (in the form of the Rus') along the Volga, relations with the Western edge of Islam were more sporadic and haphazard. Islamic Iberia, the first navy of the Emirate of Córdoba was built after the humiliating Viking ascent of the Guadalquivir in 844 when they sacked Seville. Nevertheless, in 859, Danish pirates sailed through Gibraltar and raided the little Moroccan state of Nekor. The king's harem had to be ransomed back by the emir of Córdoba. These and other raids prompted a shipbuilding program at the dockyards of Seville. The Andalusian navy was thenceforth employed to patrol the Iberian coastline under the caliphs Abd-ar-Rahman III (912–961) and Al-Hakam II (961–976). Córdoba was too heavily defended to be considered a target for all but the most ambitious Vikings. By the next century, piracy from North Africans superseded Viking raids.
In 844 the Vikings attacked Al-Andalus, the administrative area of the Iberian Peninsula ruled by Muslims. They sacked Lisbon, Cadiz and Medina Sidonia, and then captured Seville. However, the Muslims counterattacked and defeated them. The survivors fled. The Vikings carried out further raids on Al-Andalus but the Muslims fought back effectively.
The Vikings retreated and in the next weeks they looted Lisbon before advancing on the river Guadalquivir and occupying Sevilla for forty-two days. But the Blammen ("Black Men", Arabs) defeated a large host (allegedly 16,000) at Moron and the Vikings retreated from Sevilla. Before retreating they ransomed their hostages, taking only clothes and food.
Aside from Viking raids in the Islamic Mediterranean, there were also sustained diplomatic relations between the Vikings (referred to as “Madjus” in Arabic sources) and the Islamic world. The Arab diplomat Al-Ghazal (“the gazelle”) was dispatched to the court of the Danish King Harek at Hleiðra in 844 (as recounted in Ibn-Dihya) to make peace with the Danes followed their defeat at Sevilla. He was reported back in Córdoba twenty months later. Additionally, a century later the Arab merchant Abraham ben Jacob (also known as Al-Tartushi ) was reported to have travelled to the Viking trading town of Hedeby in Schleswig.
In 860, a new fleet of sixty-two ships led by Hastein and Björn Ironside. attacked Galicia (northwestern Spain), the Portuguese shores and Sevilla. The fleet then crossed over to Africa and sacked Nekor. They then returned to Iberia, stopping at the Balearic Islands, and attacked Pamplona after crossing the Ebru river and captured the king of Navarra, García Íñiguez, who paid a ransom for his release.
In 966 Lisbon was again raided by the Norse, this time with a fleet of 28 ships.
Another great campaign took place in 968. The Norman jarl ("warlord") Gundraed attacked Galicia with 100 ships and 8,000 warriors. They roamed freely for years and even occupied Santiago de Compostella, but the Vikings were finally defeated by the troops of the count Gonzalo Sanchez in 971.
Additionally, the well-known Harald Hardrada would also serve the Byzantine emperor in Palestine as well as raiding North Africa, the Middle East as far east as Armenia, and the island of Sicily in the 11th century, as recounted in his saga in Snorri Sturluson's "Heimskringla".
Evidence for Norse ventures into Arabia and Central Asia can be found in runestones erected in Scandinavia by the relatives of fallen Viking adventurers. Several of these refer to men who died in “Serkland” (Arabia)
Meanwhile, in the Eastern Mediterranean the Norse (referred to as Rus') were viewed more as “merchant-warriors” whose were primarily associated with trade and business. In particular, Arab scholars such as Ibn-Fadlan recount Norse trade expeditions to Baghdad, a major center of the Islamic world. Indeed, one of the only detailed accounts of a Viking burial come from Ibn-Fadlan's account. At times this trading relationship would break down into violence – Rus' armadas raided in the Caspian on at least three occasions, in 910, 912 and 943.
Eastern Europe.
The Vikings settled coastal areas along the Baltic Sea, and along inland rivers in Russian territories such as Staraya Ladoga, Novgorod and along major waterways to the Byzantine Empire.
The Varangians or Varyags (Russian, Ukrainian: Варяги, Varyagi) sometimes referred to as Variagians were Scandinavians who migrated eastwards and southwards through what is now Russia, Belarus and Ukraine mainly in the 9th and 10th centuries. Engaging in trade, colonization, piracy and mercenary activities, they roamed the river systems and portages of Garðaríki, reaching and settling at the Caspian Sea and in Constantinople.
The real involvement of the Varangians came after they were asked by the Slavic tribes of the region to come and establish order, as those tribes were in constant warfare among each other (“Our country is rich and immense, but it is rent by disorder. Come and govern us and reign over us."). The tribes were united and ruled under the leadership of Rurik, a leader of a group of Varangians. Rurik has successfully been able to establish a set of trading towns and posts along the Volga and Dnieper Rivers, which were perfect for trade with the Byzantine Empire. Rurik's successors were able to conquer and unite the towns along the banks of the Volga and Dnieper Rivers, and establish the Rus' Khaganate. Despite the distinction of the Varangians from the local Slavic tribes at the beginning, by the 10th century, the Varangians began to integrate with the local community, and by the end of 12th century, a new people - the Russians, have emerged. Russian Druzhyna
Northern Atlantic.
Iceland.
Iceland was discovered by Naddodd, one of the first settlers on the Faroe Islands, who was sailing from Norway to the Faroe Islands but got lost and drifted to the east coast of Iceland. Naddoddr named the country "Snæland" (Snowland). Swedish sailor Garðar Svavarsson also accidentally drifted to the coast of Iceland. He discovered that the country was an island and named it "Garðarshólmi" (literally "Garðar's Islet") and stayed for the winter at Húsavík. The first Scandinavian who deliberately sailed to "Garðarshólmi" was Flóki Vilgerðarson, also known as Hrafna-Flóki (Raven-Flóki). Flóki settled for one winter at Barðaströnd. It was a cold winter, and when he spotted some drift ice in the fjords he gave the island its current name, "Ísland" (Iceland).
Iceland was first settled around 870. The first permanent settler in Iceland is usually considered to have been a Norwegian chieftain named Ingólfr Arnarson. According to the story, he threw two carved pillars overboard as he neared land, vowing to settle wherever they landed. He then sailed along the coast until the pillars were found in the southwestern peninsula, now known as Reykjanesskagi. There he settled with his family around 874, in a place he named Reykjavík (Bay of Smokes) due to the geothermal steam rising from the earth. It is recognized, however, that Ingólfur Arnarson may not have been the first one to settle permanently in Iceland - that may have been Náttfari, a slave of Garðar Svavarsson who stayed behind when his master returned to Scandinavia.
Greenland.
Two areas along Greenland's southwest coast were colonized by Norse settlers around 986. The land was at best marginal for Norse pastoral farming. The settlers arrived during a warm phase, when short-season crops such as rye and barley could be grown. Sheep and hardy cattle were also raised for food, wool, and hides. Their main export was walrus ivory, which was traded for iron and other goods which could not be produced locally. Greenland became a dependency of the king of Norway in 1261. During the 13th century, the population may have reached as high as 5,000, divided between the two main settlements of "Eystribygð" (Eastern Settlement) and "Vestribygð" (Western Settlement). The organization of these settlements revolved mainly around religion, and they consisted of around 250 farms, which were split into approximately fourteen communities that were centered around fourteen churches, one of which was a cathedral at Garðar. The Catholic diocese of Greenland was subject to the archdiocese of Nidaros. However, many bishops chose to exercise this office from afar. As the years wore on, the climate shifted (see Little Ice Age). In 1379 the northernmost settlement was attacked by the Skrælings (Norse word for Inuit). Crops failed and trade declined. The Greenland colony gradually faded away. By 1450 it had lost contact with Norway and Iceland and disappeared from all but a few Scandinavian legends.
North America.
A Norwegian ship's captain named Bjarni Herjólfsson first came across a part of the North American continent ca. 985 when he was blown off course sailing to Greenland from Iceland. Subsequent expeditions from Greenland (some led by Leif Ericson) explored the areas to the west, seeking large timbers for building in particular (Greenland had only small trees and brush). Regular activity from Greenland extended to Ellesmere Island, Skraeling Island and Ruin Island for hunting and trading with Inuit groups. A short-lived seasonal settlement was established at L'Anse aux Meadows, located in the northern part of Newfoundland, Canada.
The Greenlanders called the new-found territory "Vinland". It is unclear whether "Vinland" referred to in the traditionally thinking as Vínland (wine-land) or more recently as Vinland (meadow- or pasture-land). In any case, without any official backing, attempts at colonization by the Norse proved failures. There were simply too many natives for the Greenlanders to conquer or withstand and they withdrew to Greenland.
Svalbard.
Vikings may have discovered Svalbard as early as the 12th century. Traditional Norse accounts exist of a land known as "Svalbarð" - literally "cold shores". (But this land might also have been Jan Mayen, or a part of eastern Greenland.) The Dutchman Willem Barents made the first indisputable discovery of Svalbard in 1596.
Genetic evidence and implications.
Studies of genetic diversity have provided scientific confirmation to accompany archaeological evidence of Viking expansion. They additionally indicate patterns of ancestry, imply new migrations, and show the actual flow of individuals between disparate regions. However, attempts to determine historical population genetics are complicated by subsequent migrations and demographic fluctuations. In particular, the rapid migrations of the 20th century has made it difficult to assess what prior genetic states were.
Genetic evidence contradicts the common perception that Vikings were primarily pillagers and raiders. A news article by Roger Highfield summarizes recent research and concludes that, as both male and female genetic markers are present, the evidence is indicative of colonization instead of raiding and occupying. However, this is also disputed by unequal ratios of male and female haplotypes (see below) which indicate that more men settled than women, an element of a raiding or occupying population.
Mitochondrial and Y-chromosome Haplotypes.
Y-chromosome haplotypes serve as markers of paternal lineage much the same as mDNA represents the maternal lineage. Together, these two methods provide an option for tracing back a people's genetic history and charting the historical migrations of both males and females.
Often considered the purest remnants of ancient Nordic genetics, Icelanders trace 75–80% of their patrilineal ancestry to Scandinavia and 20–25% to Scotland and Ireland. On the maternal side, only 37% is from Scandinavia and the remaining 63% is mostly Scottish and Irish. Iceland also holds one of the most well-documented lineage records which, in many cases, go back fifteen generations and at least 300 years. These are accompanied by one of the largest genetic records which have been collected by deCODE genetics. Together, these two records allow for a mostly reliable view of historical Scandinavian genetic structure although the genetics of Iceland are influenced by Norse-British migration as well as that directly from Scandinavia.
Common Y-Haplogroups.
Haplogroup I1 is the most common haplotype among Scandinavian males. It is present in 35% of males in Norway, Denmark and Sweden; 40% of males within Western Finland. It is also prominent on the Baltic and North Sea coasts, but decreases further south.
Haplotype R1a1 is a Y-chromosome signature that is commonly found among the Norse although it also occurs in other European and Eurasian peoples. Some argue that the presence and spread of this haplotype demonstrates the British Isles were colonized by the Vikings. The R1a1 Haplotype is also found among one of two major royal lines in Russian society, possibly from descendants of the Scandinavian Varangian guard. However, there is no definitive evidence that the R1a1 haplotype spread from Scandinavia.
Haplogroup R1b is another very common haplotype in all of Western Europe. However, it is not distinctly linked to Vikings or their expansion. There are indications that a mutant strand, R-L165, may have been carried to Great Britain by the Vikings, but the topic is currently inconclusive.
C1.
The mitochondrial C1 haplotype is primarily an East Asia-American haplotype that developed just prior to migration across the Bering sea. This maternal haplotype, however, was found in several Icelandic samples. While originally considered to be a 20th-century immigrant, a more complete analysis has shown that this haplotype has been present in Iceland for at least 300 years and is distinct from other C1 lineages. This evidence indicates a likely genetic exchange back and forth between Iceland, Greenland, and Vinland.
Surname Histories and the Y-Haplotype.
There is evidence suggesting Y-Haplotypes may be combined with surname histories to better represent historical populations and prevent recent migrations from obscuring the historical record.
Cys282Tyr.
Cys282Tyr (or C282Y) is a mutation in the HFE gene that has been linked to most cases of hereditary hemochromatosis. Genetic techniques indicate that this mutation occurred roughly 60-70 generation ago or between 600 and 800 CE, assuming a generation length of 20 years. The regional distribution of this mutation among European populations indicates that it originated in Southern Scandinavia and spread with Viking expansion. Due to the timing of the mutation and subsequent population movements, C282Y is very prominent in Great Britain, Normany, and Southern Scandinavia although C282Y has been found in almost every population that has been in contact with the Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="19333331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333331" title="Time Flies">
Time Flies

Time Flies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19333341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333341" title="Oussou Konan Anicet">
Oussou Konan Anicet

Oussou Konan Anicet Harian Maxmalon (born January 23, 1989 in Anyama) is an Ivorian footballer currently playing for Turkish side Gaziantep Büyükşehir Belediyespor in TFF First League.
Career.
He started his career in homeland club Africa Sports, before moving in 2008 to Tunisia to Espérance Sportive de Tunis, he subscribed for five years. After a half year loan spell with Stade Tunisien from Espérance Sportive de Tunis joined on 27 August 2009 on loan to AS Marsa.
He just signed a 3-year contract with Al-Ahly.

</doc>
<doc id="19333349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333349" title="Walaqa River">
Walaqa River

The Walaqa River, a tributary of the Blue Nile, is river in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. Wegde is located to its north. Mida Woremo and Dera are to the south, while Kelala is to the northeast. The Walaqa River may have been the northern boundary of the historical province of Walaqa.

</doc>
<doc id="19333388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333388" title="Moreland and Arbuckle">
Moreland and Arbuckle

Moreland & Arbuckle is an American blues rock band from Wichita, Kansas.
History.
In 2001, guitarist Aaron Moreland and vocalist/blues harp player Dustin Arbuckle met in Wichita, Kansas and quickly formed an acoustic duo playing traditional and delta blues. The all acoustic duo saw their start after reaching the finals at the 2005 International Blues Competition in Memphis, Tennessee, and followed that success with their first self-produced album, "Caney Valley Blues" in 2005. 
In 2006 the duo added a drummer and evolved into an electric powerhouse trio. Later that year they released a self-produced independent album, "Floyd's Market". The trio forged a path combining rural blues, Delta, Mississippi Hill Country, and rock styles.
This was followed by their 2008 release, "1861" which was on the NorthernBlues Music record label out of Canada. The powerhouse trio's sound had continued to evolve on this recording with Moreland adding a handmade electric cigar box guitar to his arsenal. "Blurt Magazine" noted that "Moreland & Arbuckle put the edge back in blues-rock with their big league debut album, "1861"". Moreland was further named one of the "10 Blues Legends in the Making" with the likes of Otis Taylor and Davy Knowles. The band traveled to Iraq for nearly two weeks in the fall of 2008 to play for the American troops stationed there.
The band made their debut on Telarc International Corporation a division of Concord Music Group, with the February 2010 release of "Flood". "If the blues has a contemporary voice in today's music, it is surely Moreland & Arbuckle carrying the torch". After the release of "Flood", Moreland & Arbuckle hit the road supporting acts such as ZZ Top, George Thorogood, Jonny Lang, Buddy Guy, Robert Cray, Los Lonely Boys and other blues and rock veterans.
Moreland & Arbuckle built on that solid foundation with the August 2011 release of Just A Dream. Featuring a guest appearance by legendary soul guitarist Steve Cropper. Upon its release, The New York Post named it "Album of the Week", proclaiming its “the band’s best record to date... there’s a raw, dirt-under-the fingernails garage-band attack in almost every song that flips between Stax-style soul, stinging Chicago Blues and Allman-style Jams.” The band took their continued success and logged thousands of road miles playing high energy shows for larger and larger crowds in the United States, Canada, and Europe. European fans embraced the band's gritty American rock blues with enthusiasm resulting in the powerhouse trio's sold out shows.
Present.
On July 30, 2013, Moreland & Arbuckle, along with new drummer Kendall Newby, are set to release "7 Cities". Teamed for the first time with Seattle-based producer Matt Bayles (Mastodon, the Sword) and recorded in Stone Gossard's studio, the album tells the story of Spanish explorer Coronado and his fabled search for the seven cities of gold in the Kansas plains, not far from where the band lives.
2013 also includes tours through the United States, Europe, and the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19333389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333389" title="Richard Mohun">
Richard Mohun

Richard Dorsey Loraine Mohun (1865 – July 13, 1915) was an American explorer and soldier of fortune. Mohun worked for the US government as a commercial agent in Angola and the Congo Free State. During his time as commercial agent, he volunteered to command a unit of Belgian artillery in a campaign to force Arab slavers from the country. 
Mohun remained in the service of the US government during this time and was subsequently posted as consul to Zanzibar. In this capacity, he was called upon to act as an intermediary between the combatants in the Anglo-Zanzibar War. Following the conclusion of his three-year posting, Mohun returned to the Congo to prospect for minerals, and later worked with the Belgian authorities.
His most ambitious undertaking was a three-year expedition, beginning in 1898, that laid a telegraph line from Lake Tanganyika to Stanley Falls. He then spent some time prospecting in South Africa before returning to the Congo to reform the Abir Congo Company on behalf of Leopold II of Belgium. Mohun claimed to be the first American to cross the African continent, a credit usually given to Henry Morton Stanley. 
Mohun's claim may have been due to knowing Stanley was born in Wales. Mohun is considered to be one of three Americans who played key roles in opening the Belgian Congo to outsiders, alongside Stanley and William Henry Sheppard.
Early life.
Richard Dorsey Mohun was born in Washington, D.C., in the United States in 1865, and was the grandson of the Catholic writer Anna Hanson Dorsey. He was privately tutored and developed a keen interest in Africa and in the eradication of the slave trade which continued there. He was the fourth member of his family to have an active interest in the slave trade, particularly as carried out by Arabs in Eastern and Southern Africa. His first known appointment in Africa was as commercial agent for the government of the United States of America at Loanda in Angola.
US Government work.
In 1892, Mohun was appointed the US commercial agent to the Congo Free State to be resident in the port city of Boma. Mohun made his journey to Africa via Belgium, the colonial power, where he met King Leopold II who impressed Mohun with his ambition to bring peace and western civilization to the Congo (by peace he means horrific slaughtering and forced labour). As commercial agent, Mohun's duties were to investigate the commercial potential in Congo and to promote trade between the two countries, something which previously had been almost non-existent. Mohun spent much of his time exploring and visited several areas which had not been seen before by a western man. 
Early in his appointment, the Belgian authorities were involved in a conflict with Arab slavers from the East coast of Africa. On April 19, 1893, Mohun himself became involved when he was appointed commander of artillery attached to an expedition sent against the slavers. Mohun was appointed because of the illness of the previous Chief of Artillery, a Belgian officer. Mohun played a leading role in several subsequent engagements, including an occasion when he was made second-in-command of an expedition to determine whether it was practical to establish a route to bring water from Lake Tanganyika to the upper Lualaba River. 
When another Belgian commander fell ill, Mohun assumed command and successfully completed the remainder of the expedition. The Belgian forces, made up of black soldiers led by white officers, were eventually successful in driving the slavers from the Congo. During the campaign, Mohun remained a commercial agent for the US and drew no pay for his services as Chief of Artillery, although he was remunerated with $5000 from the Société Anonyme Belge pour le commerce du Haut Congo Brussels. In 1894, he was awarded honorary membership of the Société Royale Belge de Géographie (Royal Belgian Geographical Society).
Mohun stated that his priority in Congo was to improve conditions for the inhabitants by bringing them within the Belgian sphere of influence. He also stated that the popular image of Belgian brutality in the Congo was a lie spread by missionaries - a statement contradicted by evidence of unnecessary cruelty by Belgian troops in the region. Mohun was concerned about his public image, and wrote a diary, with publication in mind, that includes little self-criticism. The diary does, however, record an incident where punitive action was taken against a Chieftain by burning his village. Mohun reflects on his own responsibility in this: "was satisfied in my own conscience that I had rid the country of a brute and unnecessary member of society."
The US State Department was, perhaps surprisingly, not displeased with Mohun's undiplomatic conduct in assisting the Belgians. This may have been because he did not receive a salary for his work and assisted in making the Congo more commercially stable. Mohun was appointed US Consul to Zanzibar on May 25, 1895. His appointment, which he then held until November 22, 1897, may have been a reward for his work in the Congo. 
During this time, he became involved in the Anglo-Zanzibar War, as an intermediary between the Sultan of Zanzibar and the British authorities. In return for his services, he was decorated by the new Sultan. During the course of the war Mohun compiled a portfolio of photographs that he later published.
Belgian Government work.
Following the expiration of his contract with the US government, Mohun returned to Congo to work as a mineral prospector. He was then contracted by the Belgian government, which had been impressed by his work on behalf of the United States, and worked alongside Francis, Baron Dhanis, vice-governor general to the Free State. 
Mohun continued his work to eradicate the slave trade, made several surveying expeditions, governed 5 million native inhabitants, established new trade markets, and assisted in the suppression of cannibalism. He estimated that there were 20 million cannibals in the Free State, and spoke of witnessing both a cannibal feast, and the practice of burying people alive.
Tanganyika-Nile telegraph expedition.
In 1899 Mohun was involved in an expedition to lay a telegraph line from Lake Tanganyika to the Nile. He advertised among the Askari of Zanzibar for volunteers to provide the escort required by the expedition, and received more than one thousand responses. From these, he selected one hundred men to accompany him, twenty of whom had served with him in the Congo expedition of 1894. His escort was placed under the command of Captain Verhellen.
In order to negotiate with the local population along his route, Mohun took "100 boxes trade goods consisting of bells, knives, locks, mirrors, music boxes, watches, clocks, fezzes, and other odds and ends". His diary also notes that spectacles, Arab-made incense and American-made cloth were popular, and that he used the latter to pay his Askari escort. The expedition also included porters to carry the equipment and to lay the telegraph line.
A ship named "Sir Harry Johnson" took them from Zanzibar to the African mainland in the German colony of Tanganyika. The expedition then proceeded to the northern tip of Lake Nyasa before moving along the western bank of the lake to the settlement of Karonga in North-Eastern Rhodesia. The expedition probably used the Stevenson Road which connected Karonga to Zombe at the southern tip of Lake Tanganyika. 
From there, they began laying the telegraph line, heading north along the western bank of the Lake and entering the Congo Free State before turning west to meet the River Congo at Kasongo. Mohun's party followed the river north to Stanley Falls where, after three years, the expedition ended the line some distance short of the Nile. Mohun was the only white survivor of the party (whose medical officer was Dr. Castellote) and as a result, Mohun claimed to be known amongst the indigenous peoples along the route as "Big master of the telephone".
After the expedition.
Upon completing the expedition, Mohun moved to South Africa where he prospected for minerals and rubber. He also acted as an agent for the Rubber Exploration Company of New York and undertook exploration and prospecting expeditions to Equatorial Africa and Madagascar. 
In December 1905, on the recommendation of King Leopold, he was appointed director of the Abir Congo Company. The Abir Rubber Company was the only company mentioned by name in a Congo Commission report, which reported: "the imprisonment of women as hostages, flogging to excess, and various acts of brutality are not contested. It is the black spot on the history of Central African settlement." Mohun was appointed to institute reforms addressing these practices. He also devoted much time to an attempt to exterminate the tsetse fly. 
He returned to his home at Royal Oak, Maryland to recover from wounds he had received during his twenty years service in Africa. Aged 50 and without any prior signs of illness, he died on July 13, 1915. Although he was alone when he fell ill at two o'clock in the morning a non-Catholic woman made a journey to fetch a priest to conduct the Last Rites.
Personal life.
Mohun was married to Hariett L. Barry from New York, who accompanied him to Zanzibar but spent much of her time in Belgium where communications with Africa were very quick. He had two sons, one of whom was born in Zanzibar and the other in Belgium. 
Mohun received honours from the British, French and Belgian governments and—though never employed directly by their armies—often wore a uniform to maintain discipline amongst his followers. Mohun was a member of the Royal Geographical Societies of Britain, France and Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="19333411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333411" title="Derealization">
Derealization

Derealization or derealisation (sometimes abbreviated as DR) is an alteration in the perception or experience of the external world so that it seems unreal. Other symptoms include feeling as though one's environment is lacking in spontaneity, emotional coloring and depth. It is a dissociative symptom of many conditions, such as psychiatric and neurological disorders, and not a standalone disorder. 
Derealization is a subjective experience of unreality of the outside world, while depersonalization is unreality in one's sense of self. Although most authors currently regard derealization (surroundings) and depersonalization (self) as independent constructs, many do not want to separate derealization from depersonalization. The main reason for this is nosological, because these symptoms often co-occur, but there is another, more philosophical reason: the idea that the phenomenological experience of self, others, and world is one continuous whole. Thus, feelings of unreality may blend in and the person may puzzle over deciding whether it is the self or the world that feels unreal to them. 
Chronic derealization may be caused by occipital–temporal dysfunction. These symptoms are common in the population, with a lifetime prevalence of up to 5% and 31–66% at the time of a traumatic event.
Description.
The detachment of derealization can be described as an immaterial substance that separates a person from the outside world, such as a sensory fog, pane of glass, or veil. Individuals may complain that what they see lacks vividness and emotional coloring. Emotional response to visual recognition of loved ones may be significantly reduced. Feelings of "déjà vu" or "jamais vu" are common. Familiar places may look alien, bizarre, and surreal. The world as perceived by the individual may feel like it is going through a dolly zoom effect. Such perceptual abnormalities may also extend to the senses of hearing, taste, and smell. The degree of familiarity one has with their surroundings is among one's sensory and psychological identity, memory foundation and history when experiencing a place. When a person is in a state of derealization, they block this identifying foundation from recall. This "blocking effect" creates a discrepancy of correlation between one's perception of one's surroundings during a derealization episode, and what that same individual would perceive in the absence of a derealization episode. 
Frequently, derealization occurs in the context of constant worrying or 'intrusive thoughts' that one finds hard to switch off. In such cases it can build unnoticed along with the underlying anxiety attached to these disturbing thoughts, and be recognized only in the aftermath of a realization of crisis, often a panic attack, subsequently seeming difficult or impossible to ignore. This type of anxiety can be crippling to the affected and may lead to avoidant behavior. Those who experience this phenomenon may feel concern over the cause of their derealization. It is often difficult to accept that such a disturbing symptom is simply a result of anxiety, and the individual may often think that the cause must be something more serious. This can, in turn, cause more anxiety and worsen the derealization.
Derealization also affects the learning process. Because the individual almost sees the events as if in 3rd person, they cannot properly process information.
People suffering from derealization have described feeling as if the world external to them were something in a TV show or movie, or as if they were viewing it through a TV screen. This, and other similar feelings attendant to derealization, can cause a sensation of alienation and distance between the person suffering from derealization and others around them.
Causes.
Derealization can accompany the neurological conditions of epilepsy (particularly temporal lobe epilepsy), migraine, and mild head injury. There is a similarity between visual hypo-emotionality, a reduced emotional response to viewed objects, and derealization. This suggests a disruption of the process by which perception becomes emotionally coloured. This qualitative change in the experiencing of perception may lead to reports of anything viewed being unreal or detached.
Derealization can also manifest as an indirect result of certain vestibular disorders such as labyrinthitis and vestibular neuronitis. This is thought to result from the experience of anxiety precipitated by the functional disparity that arises between the ability to reconcile external stimuli relative to motion and equilibrioception that are compromised by vestibular dysfunction with the internal perceptions and expectations regarding the physical environment. 
An alternative explanation holds that a possible effect of vestibular dysfunction includes responses in the form of the modulation of noradrenergic and serotonergic activity due to a misattribution of vestibular symptoms to the presence of imminent physical danger resulting in the experience of anxiety or panic, which subsequently generate feelings of derealization.
Cannabis, psychedelics, dissociatives, antidepressants, caffeine, nitrous oxide, albuterol, and nicotine can all produce feelings resembling derealization, particularly when taken in excess. It can also result from alcohol withdrawal or benzodiazepine withdrawal.
Derealization can also be a symptom of severe sleep disorders, and mental disorders like depersonalization disorder, borderline personality disorder, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, dissociative identity disorder, and anxiety disorders.
Interoceptive exposure can be used as a means to induce derealization, as well as the related phenomenon depersonalization.

</doc>
<doc id="19333422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333422" title="Zaho">
Zaho

Zehira Darabid (born on May 10, 1980 in Chlef, Algeria), known by her artistic name Zaho, is an Algerian R&B singer.
Biography.
Zehira was born on May 10, 1980 in Bab Ezzouar in the suburbs of Algiers. She spent her childhood in Algiers until at 18 years old, her family moved to Montréal, Canada. Her father is an executive and her mother a mathematics professor at the university. She has a brother and sister.
Career.
Zaho learned the guitar when she was seven years old, and very quickly learned the répertoire of Francis Cabrel within 10 years. In 1999, when she emigrated to Montreal, she discovered the world of professional music with its producers and its studios. She was seen with notable names in the French industry such as Idir, Tunisiano and Soprano.
In 2008, she released her debut album titled Dima, meaning "Always" in Algerian Arabic.
Zaho also has a strong writing background, writing the song "Tout ce temps" for Idir. Upon hearing the song, Idir insisted that she sing the alongside with him.
In 2008, Zaho represented Algeria in the 2008 MTV EMA's and won the Best African Artist award.

</doc>
<doc id="19333432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333432" title="Just a Souvenir">
Just a Souvenir

Just a Souvenir is an album by Squarepusher, which was widely released on October 27, 2008. The album had been available to purchase as a download from bleep.com on September 15, 2008.
The album originated in a daydream, in which Tom Jenkinson envisioned a rock band performing a concert against the backdrop of a large, glowing coathanger. The performance quickly became surreal: among other things, a river forces the band to kayak whilst performing; the guitarist is able to accelerate or decelerate time at will; and every drum in the drummer's kit begins to switch places with each another. As such, the majority of the album consists of Jenkinson's own version of jazz fusion, threaded through with classical guitar, math rock and funk recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="19333435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333435" title="William's Wish Wellingtons">
William's Wish Wellingtons

"William's Wish Wellingtons" is an animated BBC children's television series made by Hibbert Ralph Entertainment that was aired on BBC One from October 25, 1994 to November 27, 1996. It was narrated by Andrew Sachs, of "Fawlty Towers" fame. It was also translated into Gaelic by Búrach Productions and shown as on BBC Two Scotland, and in the United States on Cartoon Network's "Big Bag".
Synopsis.
When William's Mum (Sue Bradley) bought him a new pair of boots he discovered a note inside: "These are Wish Wellingtons, put them on and make a wish." William Stevenson could now wish himself anywhere in the world, or ask for anything he wanted - which sometimes got him into a spot of bother, such as the occasion when he wished he had the biggest conker in the world in order to win his school's conker championship, or the time when he put his wellingtons on the wrong feet and almost prevented Santa Claus from making his deliveries on Christmas Eve (with a series of wishes gone wrong).
The full series comprised twenty-six five-minute episodes - thirteen in 1994 and a further thirteen in 1996, which were animated by Mark Mason.
The first series was made available on a BBC video entitled "William and Barksure" (BBCV 5666) and the second series on another BBC video entitled "William Hood" (BBCV 5904) but because of the "old" BBC logo's presence on them these are both now out of print. The show is not available on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="19333442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333442" title="Putzmeister">
Putzmeister

Putzmeister is a German manufacturer of concrete pumps. The firm is headquartered at Aichtal, and is the largest in its field. It also provides pumps for a wide range of different materials, for example slurries, fly ash, sewage, compost and water.
Putzmeister is German for "Plaster Master" (Putz Meister). In 2008, the company had 3,200 employees worldwide, 500 of which work for Putzmeister America.
History.
Putzmeister was founded by Karl Schlecht in 1958. Schlecht designed a mortar machine based on his diploma thesis at the University of Stuttgart. 
In 1986, Putzmeister 52Z's were used in the Chernobyl nuclear accident, pumping over 400,000 cubic yards of concrete to entomb reactor number 4, setting a world record at the time for volume pumping.
During the 2011 Japanese nuclear accidents at the Fukushima plant, multiple Putzmeister concrete boom pumps were flown to Japan from locations around the world. After the initial success of a M58-5 unit, additional M62-6s and 70Z's were transported to Japan on-board chartered Antonov An-124s, the world's second largest cargo plane. The 70Z is the world's largest boom pump, able to reach over 220 feet, and able to be controlled remotely from away. The pumps will be deployed to try to stabilise the four reactors with additional water pumping capacity.
In May 2008, Putzmeister reached a world record in vertical concrete pumping (1,988 feet, (606m)), via their specially designed concrete pumps type BSA 14000 SHP-D, in building the Burj Khalifa. In 2008, Putzmeister broke its own record by pumping concrete to a height of more than 700 m at Burj Khalifa.
As the largest German-Sino transaction ever, at the end of January 2012 Putzmeister was sold to the Chinese Sany Heavy Industries, the construction-equipment maker run by China’s richest man Liang Wengen.

</doc>
<doc id="19333449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333449" title="George Treby (judge)">
George Treby (judge)

Sir George Treby JP (1643 – 13 December 1700) was a British justice and politician. 
Early life and education.
He was the oldest son of Peter Treby, a barrister at the Court of Common Pleas and his wife Joan. He was educated at Plympton School, and was accepted into Exeter College, Oxford in June 1660. He left without completing a degree, and joined the Middle Temple on 24 October 1663, being called to the Bar on 2 June 1671. He became a bencher of Middle Temple on 28 January 1681, served as a reader in 1686 and was treasurer in 1689. In 1675 he married Anna Blount, who died before September 1677.
Political career.
In March 1677 he was elected a Member of Parliament for Plympton. He was reelected for both the February and August Parliaments of 1679, and again in 1689 and 1690. In Parliament Treby focused on subjects such as the wool trade, and other topics which would concern Devon. In November 1678 Titus Oates revealed details of the Popish Plot, and Treby acted as chairman of the Committee of Secrecy dedicated to investigating it. It was discussed in June 1679 that Treby might be elected as the new Speaker of the House of Commons, but this failed since he was so short sighted he could not distinguish between different MPs. He failed to be elected Chairman of the Committee of Elections and Privileges in 1679, but in 1680 was named to the committee investigating people who had promoted the ‘abhorrences’ of petitions to the King for summoning parliament. He became Chairman of the Elections Committee, and continued to investigate the Popish Plot, helping introduce the second Exclusion Bill to Parliament. 
In December 1680 he was one of the lawyers trying William Howard, the first lord to be arrested as part of the Popish Plot. In the same period of time he was appointed Recorder of London, and on 22 January 1681 he was knighted, and appointed a Justice of the Peace in February for London and Devon. He was again elected for Plympton in April 1681 for the Third Exclusion Parliament, and helped introduce the Third Exclusion Bill. He also disclosed information gained about the Popish Plot from Edward Fitzharris, with the intention being to impeach him and thereby gain more information about the other conspirators. Following the dissolution of the Third Exclusion Parliament, and after any information revealed could potentially damage the King, Fitzharris was charged with treason. Along with Sir Francis Winnington and Henry Pollexfen, Treby went to court to try to prevent Fitzharris, his most important witness, from execution. The argument was that the King's Bench could not try Fitzharris as he was currently being prosecuted by Parliament; to do so would be to move the case from a higher court to a lower one. The argument was thrown out as the dissolution of the Parliament meant that the impeachment case had effectively ceased, and Fitzharris was executed shortly after. After the execution Fitzharris's alleged confession was published by Francis Hawkins, where it was claimed Treby and others had attempted to pressure him into giving false testimony. Treby is thought to have published "Truth Vindicated" to defend himself.
Opposition to the court.
On 12 April 1681 Treby married a second time, to Rachel, daughter of James Standish. He was active in the Green Ribbon Club, and suggested that James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth was the rightful king. In 1681 he presented a petition from the city of London to the King requesting another Parliament. The King refused, saying that the city was meddling in business that did not belong to it. 
In part due to the London call for a new Parliament, King Charles and his lawyers attempted to dissolve London's corporate charter with a writ of "Quo warranto". Partly in an attempt to earn the King's favour for the city, Treby made a loyal speech when presenting the new sheriffs of London in September 1682, but the "Quo warranto" action continued. Treby argued at the King's Bench that any wrongs committed had been done by individuals, not the city as a whole; it was therefore improper to attack the city for those actions. He also noted that while the "Quo warranto" was brought against the city corporation, it claimed that the corporations illegal acts had destroyed it, and pointed out the contradiction of an attack on an organisation which the attack claimed did not exist. The latter point was brushed aside on the grounds that the corporation would only be destroyed if judgement was brought against it, which the court duly did. Judgement was deferred in the hopes that London might surrender its charter to the King, but Treby convinced the city leaders to continue fighting, saying that to surrender would violate their oaths to uphold the rights of the city and its citizens. Despite this, judgement was entered in October 1683, and the corporation ceased to exist, with Treby losing his Recordership and his position on various county benches. In 1684 Plympton had a similar case brought against them, and after seeing the example made of London, surrendered, with Treby losing his Recordership there as well. 
On 14 December 1684 he married Dorothy, daughter of Ralph Grainge, a lawyer of the Inner Temple. They had two children; a daughter, Maria, who died early, and a son, also called George, who also became a Member of Parliament for Plympton, as did his son in turn. Dorothy died within a few years, and on 6 January 1693 he married his fourth wife, Mary Brinley, who reportedly had a dowry worth £10,0000; they had a son, Brinley.
In the elections to the 1685 Parliament Treby stood against and lost to Richard Strode, partially as a result of the Plympton corporation charter's rewriting, which had damaged Treby's political standing. He did not serve for the rest of James's reign, even refusing two offers to have his Recordership of London returned.
Under William.
In 1688 the Glorious Revolution overthrew James, and led to the crowning of William III. He was reappointed as Recorder of London on 10 December, and was again returned to Parliament for Plympton in 1689. He was named Solicitor General for England and Wales in March and Attorney General on 6 May. While in Parliament he helped write the 1689 Bill of Rights, a landmark document in British law. He was defeated in the March 1690 election, again by Strode, but the result was overturned and voided by the House of Commons, with Treby winning the second vote two weeks later. In 1692 he was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, resigning his seat in the Commons and his Recordership. In 1693 he headed the trial of William Anderton for libel, and in 1695 and 1696 he was among the justices who tried the Association plotters. In December 1700 he moved to Kensington with his wife after feeling ill, and died there on 13 December. 

</doc>
<doc id="19333464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333464" title="Lolland">
Lolland

Lolland (formerly spelled "Laaland") is the fourth largest island of Denmark, with an area of 1,243 square kilometers (480 sq. miles). Located in the Baltic sea, it is part of Region Sjælland (Region Zealand). As of 1 January 2013, it has 62,578 inhabitants.
Overview.
Lolland is also known as the "pancake island" because of its flatness: the highest peak of the entire island is high. The peak is just outside the village of Horslunde. The island has been an important communication highway, among others for the Germans during World War II. Historically, sugar beet has been grown in Lolland. Sugar is still a major industry, visible from the large number of sugar beet fields.
The largest town of Lolland is Nakskov, with 15,500 residents. Other main towns are Maribo (6,000 residents), which hosts the seat of the Diocese of Lolland and Falster Sakskøbing (3,500 residents), and Rødby (2,500 residents).
The governments of Denmark and Germany plan to connect Lolland with the German island Fehmarn, by a future Fehmarn Belt Fixed Link. Route E47 from Copenhagen crosses the Guldborgsund strait between Lolland and Falster via a modern tunnel, but the motorway currently terminates at Rødbyhavn where a ferry carries vehicles to Fehmarn. Two older bridges also span the strait between Lolland and Falster, the Frederick IX Bridge and Guldborgsund Bridge at the northern end of the strait. Falster is directly to the east of Lolland.
Since January 1, 2007, Lolland has been administered by two municipalities, "Lolland" covering the western two thirds, and "Guldborgsund" uniting the eastern third with the neighbouring island Falster.

</doc>
<doc id="19333469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333469" title="Münzwardein">
Münzwardein

In medieval and Renaissance Germany, the Münzwardein (also "Wardein" or "Guardein", from the Latin word "guardianus" for guardian, protector) was the title of an official whose duties included supervising the Münzmeister and the stock of precious metals used in minting. He was responsible for the quality of alloys and the accuracy of weights and measures.
The Münzwardein was commissioned by the highest authority (generally a prince or a bishop). He was therefore the official representative of his principal in discharging his duty as an inspector of precious metals and precious metal goods in trade. It was his duty to produce weights used in minting and often he would also be charged with the safekeeping of minting irons when they were not used in producing specie.
The occupational name came from the French word "gardien" (= supervisor). Via the Northern French "wardien" and the Dutch "wardijn" the word entered the German language and replaced the previously used words "Probierer" (= tester), "Hüter" (= safekeeper) and "Aufzieher" (= puller). The first Wardein to be so called worked in mining. They were chemists working in mines and smelting facilities, where they were called on for their know-how in metallurgy. Frequently they doubled as goldsmiths and were required to separate auriferous silver from base metal.
See also.
Warden of the Mint
Münzmeister

</doc>
<doc id="19333498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333498" title="Esteban González Pons">
Esteban González Pons

Esteban González Pons (Valencia, Spain, 21 August 1964) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).
Married with two children, he gained a doctorate in law and constitutional rights and practised as a lawyer. He entered politics in 1993 serving as senator for Valencia province, in the process becoming the youngest member of the senate. He continued in that role until 2003, resigning after being chosen as minister of culture, education and sport in the Valencian regional parliament. He served as the PP spokesman from 2007 until 2008 when he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region. He headed the PP list for that election, virtually guaranteeing his election in a district where the PP and predecessors had won at least one seat at every election in the modern Spanish democratic era.

</doc>
<doc id="19333523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333523" title="Dördlər">
Dördlər

Dördlər or Dörtlər or Dortlyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19333601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333601" title="Fuel Bio">
Fuel Bio

Fuel Bio Holdings, LLC, is an American commercial producer of Biodiesel. Using proprietary technology and chemistry to produce ASTM D6751 product from multiple virgin feed stock sources, Fuel Bio's production plant is recognized as the largest of its kind in the northeast United States. Located at New York Terminals in Elizabeth New Jersey, Fuel Bio's operation is capable of producing a name plate capacity of 50,000,000 gallons of fuel each year.
Association with green movement.
As a producer of biodiesel, an alternative fuel. Fuel Bio's efforts help further the cause of the green movement
In May 2007, The New Jersey Star Ledger reported that Fuel Bio "is trying to plant a green footprint on New Jersey's notorious Chemical Coast." Fuel Bio is the first alternative energy company located in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="19333610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19333610" title="History of the National Football League">
History of the National Football League

The history of the National Football League has roots spanning as far back as 1892 when former Yale All-American guard William Heffelfinger was paid $500 by the Allegheny Athletic Association to play in a game against the Pittsburgh Athletic Club, making him the first ever professional football player. However it was not until 1920 that American football achieved a league of any true organization. The American Professional Football Association was formed on September 17, 1920 and included ten teams from four different states. However the APFA lasted only two seasons when it was reorganized on June 24, 1922 into the National Football League. Only two teams currently in the NFL, the Decatur Staleys (now the Chicago Bears) and the Chicago Cardinals (now the Arizona Cardinals), are founding members. The Green Bay Packers, founded 1919 (joined the NFL in 1921), is the oldest NFL franchise in continuous operation with the same name in the same location.
League membership gradually stabilized throughout the 1920s and 1930s as the league adopted progressively more formal organization. The first official championship game was held in 1933. The NFL stopped signing black players in 1927 but reintegrated in 1946 following World War II. Other changes followed after the war; the office of league President evolved into the more powerful Commissioner post, mirroring a similar move in Major League Baseball. Teams became more financially viable, the last team folding in 1952. By 1958, when that season's NFL championship game became known as "The Greatest Game Ever Played", the NFL was on its way to becoming one of the most popular sports leagues in the United States.
The rival American Football League was founded in 1960. It was very successful, and forced a merger with the older NFL that resulted in a greatly expanded league and the creation of the Super Bowl, which has become the most-watched annual sporting event in the United States. The league continued to expand to its current size of 32 teams. A series of labor agreements during the 1990s and increasingly large television contracts has helped keep the league one of the most profitable in the U.S., and the only major league in the U.S. since 1990 to avoid a work stoppage that resulted in the loss of regular-season games.
Beginnings.
Professional football was primarily a regional sport in the early part of the 20th century, with most informal circuits centered around a single state or region with only limited play outside state lines. There were no national leagues or tournaments for the professional game, despite numerous attempts: an earlier National Football League (backed by what would become Major League Baseball) was unable to expand beyond Pennsylvania in 1902, the New York City-based World Series of Pro Football tournament disbanded after two seasons and lack of fan interest, and other attempts to either combine existing circuits or create new ones from scratch never materialized.
By the late 1910s, the regional circuits had organized into more or less leagues of varying degrees of organization. One of the most prominent at the time was the Ohio League, which boasted the services of legendary American Indian athlete Jim Thorpe, among other stars. Another was the somewhat lower-caliber, but better-organized, New York Pro Championship; two of the New York circuit's best teams, the Rochester Jeffersons and the Buffalo All-Stars, went on a barnstorming tour of Ohio. After Lyons's Jeffersons played, and lost badly to, Thorpe's Canton Bulldogs in a 1917 match, Jeffersons owner Leo Lyons (believing that the foundation of a league could build a sport that rivaled baseball, which then held an effective monopoly on professional sport, in popularity) suggested to Thorpe that a league be formed.
Lyons' vision of a national league of existing football clubs (which, at the time, was competing with another proposed league, again backed by baseball) was cut short by the United States' entry into World War I and further hampered by a flu pandemic in 1918, which forced most of the Ohio League teams to suspend operations due to either travel restrictions or loss of players to the war effort. New York's teams, although they were forced to reduce their schedules, continued and (along with the few other remaining teams that survived the suspension, including the OL's Dayton Triangles and Michigan's Detroit Heralds) picked up many of the stars that remained stateside. This had the effect of spreading out the talent across a broader geographic area. Over the course of 1919, as professional football had increased in parity, teams began reaching out and participating in more barnstorming tours. By then, two informal but distinct interstate circuits had developed: one around the Eastern Seaboard (particularly New York City, New Jersey and Philadelphia) that played mostly on Saturdays due to blue laws, and another centered around the Midwestern region (Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Ohio, and upstate New York) that played on Sundays. It was the latter that formed the basis of what would eventually become the modern National Football League.
Ohio's teams went along with the idea in the face of escalating costs: several bidding wars in the early 1900s, both in Pennsylvania and Ohio, had damaged the sport significantly, and another bidding war was about to erupt if something was not done. By forming a national league, teams reasoned that it would eliminate the practices of looting other teams' rosters and concentrating top talent in only a few teams, thus distributing talent more evenly and efficiently thereby reducing costs for each individual team while still keeping a top-level product on the field.
Birth of a new league.
On August 20, 1920, at a Hupmobile dealership in Canton, Ohio, the league was formalized, originally as the American Professional Football Conference, initially consisting only of the Ohio League teams, although some of the teams declined participation. One month later on September 17, the league was renamed the American Professional Football Association, adding Buffalo and Rochester from the New York league, and Detroit, Hammond (a suburban Chicago squad), and several other teams from nearby circuits. The eleven founding teams initially struck an agreement over player poaching and the declaration of an end-of-season champion. Thorpe, while still playing for the Bulldogs, was elected president. Only four of the founding teams finished the 1920 schedule and the undefeated Akron Pros claimed the first championship. Membership of the league increased to 22 teams – including more of the New York teams – in 1921, but throughout the 1920s the membership was unstable and the league was not a major national sport. On June 24, 1922, the organization, now headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, changed its title a final time to the National Football League.
Two charter members, the Chicago Cardinals (now the Arizona Cardinals) and the Decatur Staleys (now the Chicago Bears), are still in existence. The Green Bay Packers franchise, founded in 1919, is the oldest team not to change locations, but did not begin league play until 1921. The New York Football Giants joined in 1925, followed by the Portsmouth Spartans in 1930, relocating to Detroit in 1934 to become the Lions. The Indianapolis Colts franchise traces its history through several predecessors, including one of the league's founding teams – the Dayton Triangles – but is considered a separate franchise from those teams and was founded as the Baltimore Colts in 1953. Although the original NFL teams representing Buffalo, Cleveland, Chicago and Detroit no longer exist, replacement franchises have since been established for those cities.
Early championships were awarded to the team with the best won-lost record, initially rather haphazardly, as some teams played more or fewer games than others, or scheduled games against non-league, amateur or collegiate teams; this led to the title being decided on a tiebreaker in 1921, a disputed title in 1925, and the scheduling of an impromptu indoor playoff game in 1932.
In league meetings prior to the 1933 season, three new teams, the Pirates, the Cincinnati Reds and the Eagles, were admitted to the NFL. Ten teams were then in the NFL and, at George Preston Marshall's urging, with Halas' support, NFL was reorganized into an Eastern Division and a Western Division. In the Eastern Division were the Philadelphia Eagles, Brooklyn Dodgers, New York Giants, Boston Redskins, and the Pittsburgh Pirates. In the Western Division were the Chicago Bears, Portsmouth Spartans, Chicago Cardinals, Green Bay Packers, and the Cincinnati Reds. Furthermore, the two owners convinced the league to have the two division winners meet in a "NFL Championship Game".
By 1934, all of the small-town teams, with the exception of the Green Bay Packers, had moved to or been replaced by teams in big cities, and even Green Bay had begun to play a portion of its home schedule in much larger Milwaukee for more support (a practice they continued well into the 1990s). In 1941, the corporate headquarters moved from Columbus, Ohio to Chicago. During the early years of the league, rather than coming up with original team names, many NFL teams simply chose the name of the Major League Baseball team in the same city. Thus the Pittsburgh Steelers were the "Pittsburgh Pirates" for the first seven years of existence and other teams such as the Brooklyn Dodgers, Cleveland Indians, Cincinnati Reds, Detroit Tigers, New York Yankees, Washington Senators and Buffalo Bisons all represented the NFL at one time or another.
An annual draft of college players was first held in 1936. The first televised NFL game was on October 22, 1939 in a game the Eagles lost 23-14 to the host Dodgers at Ebbets Field. It was during this era, however, that the NFL became segregated: there were no black players in professional football in the United States between 1933 and 1945, mainly due to the influence of George Preston Marshall, who entered the league in 1932 as the owner of the Boston Braves. Other NFL owners emulated Marshall's whites-only policy to mollify southern fans, and even after the NFL's color barrier had been broken in the 1950s, Marshall's Washington Redskins remained all-white until forced to integrate by the Kennedy administration in 1962. Despite his bigotry, Marshall was selected as a charter member of the NFL-inspired Pro Football Hall of Fame.
College football was the bigger attraction, but by the end of World War II, pro football began to rival the college game for fans' attention. Rule changes and innovations such as the T formation led to a faster-paced, higher-scoring game. The league also expanded out of its eastern and midwestern cradle; in 1945, the Cleveland Rams moved to Los Angeles, becoming the first big-league sports franchise on the West Coast. In 1950, the NFL accepted three teams – the Cleveland Browns, San Francisco 49ers, and Baltimore Colts – from the defunct All-America Football Conference, expanding to thirteen clubs. From January to March in 1950 the league was renamed the National-American Football League, that was subsequently changed back. In 1958, the Baltimore Colts and New York Giants played "The Greatest Game Ever Played" for the championship. Being the first nationally televised football game, along with its thrilling ending greatly increased the popularity of the NFL. Through these breakthroughs, pro football finally earned its place as a major sport.
Black players.
At its inception in 1920, the NFL's precursor, the American Professional Football Association, had several minority players, including African-American players: between 1920 and 1926, nine black players suited up for NFL squads. It was also common, due to the number of talented players that were produced by the Carlisle Indian School's football team, to see teams (both inside and outside the NFL) openly market Native Americans; in fact, the Oorang Indians of 1922 to 1923 consisted entirely of Native American talent. Running back Walter Achiu and quarterback Arthur Matsu, both of the Dayton Triangles, were the first Asian-American players in the NFL, having joined the league in 1927 and 1928 respectively.
However, since Carlisle had closed in 1918, the talent pool of Indians had dried up. Meanwhile, all black players in the NFL (including future Hall of Famer Fritz Pollard) were summarily kicked out prior to the 1927 season for reasons unexplained. From 1928 to 1932, no more than one black player could be found in the league each season, and none played more than two seasons. In 1933, there were two: Joe Lillard and Ray Kemp. Lillard was kicked off the Chicago Cardinals for fighting, while Kemp left to pursue what would become a successful coaching career. The moves left the league as all-white, and Boston Redskins owner George Preston Marshall allegedly used his pressure to keep it that way for the next several years, though each team's internal politics and cronyism, as well as the rising tide of racism in the United States as a whole, also played a significant role. Even during the wartime years, when much of the NFL's talent was overseas fighting World War II, players such as Kenny Washington who stayed in the United States were still passed up in favor of white players with normally debilitating medical conditions such as partial blindness.
NFL integration occurred only when the Cleveland Rams wanted to move to Los Angeles, and the venue, the Los Angeles Coliseum, required them to integrate their team. They then signed two black players, Kenny Washington and Woody Strode. Other NFL teams eventually followed suit, but Marshall refused to integrate the Redskins until forced to by the Kennedy administration as a pre-condition for using D.C. Stadium (now RFK Stadium). In spite of this open bias, Marshall was elected to the NFL's Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1963. In 1946, the Cleveland Browns of a rival Professional Football league, the All-America Football Conference, signed two black players. By 1960, the NFL's new competitor, the American Football League, actively recruited players from smaller predominantly black colleges that had been largely ignored by the NFL, giving those schools' black players the opportunity to play professional football. Early AFL teams averaged more blacks than did their NFL counterparts.
However, despite the NFL's previous segregationist policies, the clear competitive advantage of AFL teams with liberal signing policies affected the NFL's drafts. By 1969, a comparison of the two league's championship team photos showed the AFL's Chiefs with 23 black players out of 51 players (45%) pictured, while the NFL's Vikings had 11 blacks, of 42 players (26%) in the photo. Chiefs players have been quoted as saying that one motivating factor in their defeat of the Vikings was their pride in their diverse squad. Recent surveys have shown that the current, post-merger NFL is approximately 67–71% non-white (this includes African Americans, Polynesians, non-white Hispanics, Asians, and people that are mixed race), significantly higher than the national average.
Women.
On March 3, 2013, Lauren Silberman became the first woman to ever try out for the National Football League when she appeared as a kicker at the NFL Regional Scouting Combine in Florham Park, New Jersey. However, after two poor kicks, Silberman left the field, citing an injury to her quadriceps; the tryout was suspected by members of the press and public as being nothing more than a publicity stunt. Olympic pole-vaulter Jenn Suhr publicly expressed interest in attending an NFL scouting combine in 2014, and at least one team (the Buffalo Bills) acknowledged Suhr's interest favorably; Suhr has not indicated what position she would play.
While there have been a scattering of professional female football players in semi-pro football (Patricia Palinkas, Katie Hnida and the still active Julie Harshbarger among them) and in college football, no woman with prior experience as an American football player has attempted to make an NFL roster.
Merger with the American Football League.
The NFL held a monopoly on professional football in the United States for most of the 1950s, a rare occurrence for a league that had at least one competing league in every year since 1934. By 1960, a group of potential professional football owners that would become known as the Foolish Club had become frustrated with their efforts to buy into the NFL (some were NFL franchise minority owners such as Harry Wismer and Ralph Wilson; others, such as Lamar Hunt and Bud Adams, had tried but failed to buy NFL teams) and formed a new league, the American Football League. It was the eighth professional football league to use the name and the fourth to be universally considered a major-league competitor to the NFL. The AFL would prove to be the NFL's most formidable challenger to date.
By the middle of the 1960s competition for players, including separate college drafts, was driving up player salaries. In 1965, in the most high profile such contest and a major boost to the AFL, University of Alabama quarterback Joe Namath signed with the New York Jets rather than the NFL's St. Louis Cardinals for a then-record $427,000. In 1966, the NFL's New York Giants broke an informal agreement and signed placekicker Pete Gogolak, who was under contract to the AFL's Buffalo Bills. Then AFL Commissioner Al Davis embarked on a campaign to sign players away from the NFL, especially quarterbacks, but behind the scenes a number of NFL team owners began action to end the detrimental rivalry.
Several NFL franchises led by Cowboys General Manager Tex Schramm asked to meet with AFL owners to negotiate a merger. In an agreement brokered by Schramm and AFL founder Lamar Hunt, the two leagues announced their merger deal on June 8, 1966. The leagues would thenceforth hold a Common Draft and an end-of-season World Championship Game between the two league champions (later known as the Super Bowl and reverting to simply an NFL championship game). Still another city received an NFL franchise thanks to the AFL, as New Orleans was awarded an NFL team after Louisiana's federal Congressmen pushed for the passage of Public Law 89-800, which permitted the merger and exempted the action from Anti-Trust restrictions. The monopoly that would be created needed to be legitimized by an act of Congress. In 1970, the leagues fully merged under the name National Football League and divided into two conferences of an equal number of teams. There was a financial settlement, with the AFL teams paying a combined $18 million over 20 years.
Although the AFL's identity was subsumed by the NFL, the NFL eventually adopted many of the AFL's innovations including the on-field game clock, names on player jerseys, recruiting at small and predominantly black colleges, gate and television revenue-sharing, establishment of southern franchises, and more wide-open offensive rules.
Unlike previous armed conflicts such as World War I and World War II, both of which effectively stopped or dramatically reduced the amount of professional football played in the United States, both the AFL and NFL were largely unaffected by the Vietnam War and did not lose a significant number of players to the war draft. There is at least one recorded incidence of the NFL using champagne units to keep its players from being sent overseas (the Dallas Cowboys used the Texas Air National Guard's 147th Fighter Interceptor Group, a well-known champagne unit to shield seven Cowboys players from combat in Vietnam). Bob Kalsu, then a player with the AFL's Buffalo Bills, left the team to serve in Vietnam and died in combat, becoming the first (and, until Pat Tillman's death in Afghanistan over 30 years later, only) active NFL or AFL player to die in war during his playing career.
Modern era.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the NFL solidified its dominance as America's top spectator sport and its important role in American culture. The Super Bowl became an unofficial national holiday and the top-rated TV program most years. "Monday Night Football", which first aired in 1970, brought in high ratings by mixing sports and entertainment. Rule changes in the late 1970s ensured a fast-paced game with lots of passing to attract the casual fan.
The World Football League was the first post-merger challenge to the NFL's dominance, and in 1974, successfully lured some top NFL talent to its league and prompted a few rules changes in the NFL. However, financial problems led the league to fold halfway through its 1975 season. Two teams, the Birmingham Vulcans and Memphis Southmen, made unsuccessful efforts to move from the WFL to the NFL.
The founding of the United States Football League in the early 1980s was the biggest challenge to the NFL in the post-merger era. The USFL was a well-financed competitor with big-name players and a national television contract. However, the USFL failed to make money and folded after three years. The USFL filed a successful anti-trust lawsuit against the NFL, but the remedies were minimal, and mismanagement (most notably, a planned move of its niche spring football season to a head-to-head competition in the fall) led to the league's collapse.
2001 saw the establishment of the XFL, an attempt by Vince McMahon and NBC, which had lost the NFL broadcast rights for that year, to compete with the league; the XFL folded after just one season. Unlike the WFL and USFL, the XFL had no impact on the NFL's rules or franchise locations (its attempts at innovations were often ridiculed, though one innovation, the above the field Skycam which originated in the XFL, became a regular part of NFL telecasts), but a few NFL players used the XFL to relaunch their careers. The United Football League, which began play in 2009, had originally planned to take a direct challenge to the NFL with NFL-comparable salaries and teams in New York City and Los Angeles, but the UFL never did play in those cities (an ostensibly New York team played in Long Island and New Jersey), cut back its salaries, and instead opted for a complementary approach with teams in cities such as Las Vegas, Sacramento and Omaha; after four years, the UFL folded due to massive financial losses. Numerous other leagues have attempted to form over the years, but none have succeeded in having any level of competition comparable to the NFL (most never made it to their first game).
On August 31, 2007, a story in "USA Today" unveiled the first changes to the league's shield logo since 1980, which took effect with the 2008 season. The redesign reduced the number of stars in the logo from 25 (which were found not to have a meaning beyond being decorative) to eight (for each of the league's divisions), repositioned the football in the manner of the Vince Lombardi Trophy, and changed the "NFL" letters to a straight, serifed font. The redesign was created with television and digital media, along with clothing, in mind. The shield logo itself dates back to the 1940s.
International expansion.
In recent years, the NFL has expanded into new markets and ventures outside of the United States, beginning with a regular series of exhibition games known as the American Bowl, then with a European based developmental league culminating in the now defunct NFL Europa, and starting in 2005 the league began hosting regular season games outside the United States, the first in Mexico City, Mexico, and then from 2007 hosting games London, England, and from 2008 in Toronto, Canada.
The American Bowl games began in 1986 and continued until 2005 at various sites in countries around the world. Then in 1991, the league formed the World League of American Football, later known as NFL Europe and still later as NFL Europa, a developmental league that had teams in Britain, Germany, Spain, and the Netherlands. The NFL shut down the program in June 2007.
The league played a regular-season NFL game in Mexico City in 2005, the first-ever NFL regular season game held outside the United States, and marketed across the league as the Fútbol Americano game. On October 28, 2007, a regular season game between the Miami Dolphins and the New York Giants was held outside of North America for the first time in Wembley Stadium, the 90,000-seat national stadium, in London. It was a financial success with nearly 40,000 tickets sold within ninety minutes of the start of sales, and a game-day attendance of over 80,000. In 2008, the New Orleans Saints and San Diego Chargers played at Wembley, and in October 2009, the New England Patriots and Tampa Bay Buccaneers met. In 2010, it was the Denver Broncos and the San Francisco 49ers that played in London. Starting from the 2008-09 season, building on league links with Toronto, the Buffalo Bills play an annual home game in Toronto's Rogers Centre, marketed by the team as the Bills Toronto Series.
After 100 years of American football influence in Mexican territory, in 1998 the NFL opened a representation office in Mexico, called NFL México, as the NFL identified Mexico as a key market outside the United States due to proximity and tradition. The Mexican office handles sponsorship, licencing, detail dealers, sport culture, broadcasting, public relationships and community se
vice.
Franchise relocations and mergers.
In the early years, the league was not stable and teams moved frequently. Franchise mergers were popular during World War II in response to the scarcity of players. An example of this was the Steagles, temporarily formed as a merger between the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles.
Franchise moves became far more controversial in the late twentieth century when a vastly more popular NFL was free from financial instability and allowed many franchises to abandon long-held strongholds for perceived financially greener pastures. This was done in spite of the promises to Congress by Pete Rozelle in 1966 that if the AFL-NFL merger were allowed, no city would lose its franchise. Those promises were made to ensure passage of PL 89-800, which granted anti-trust immunity to the merged professional football leagues. While owners invariably cited financial difficulties as the primary factor in such moves, many fans bitterly disputed these contentions, especially in Cleveland (the Rams and the Browns), Baltimore (the Colts), Houston (the Oilers), and St. Louis (the Cardinals), each of which eventually received teams some years after their original franchises left (the Browns, another Browns, Ravens, Texans, and Rams, respectively). Notably, Los Angeles, the second-largest media market in the United States, has not had an NFL team since 1994 after both the Raiders and the Rams relocated elsewhere. As of 2012, two proposals, Farmers Field in downtown Los Angeles and Los Angeles Stadium in the city of Industry, are in various stages of development; the Industry site is the furthest along and awaits the relocation of an NFL franchise.
Popularity.
While baseball is known as "America's national pastime," football is the most popular sport in the United States. According to the Harris Poll, professional football moved ahead of baseball as the fans' favorite in 1965, during the emergence of the NFL's challenger, the American Football League, as a major professional football league. Football has remained America's favorite sport ever since. In a Harris Poll conducted in 2008, the NFL was the favorite sport of as many people (30%) as the combined total of the next three professional sports – baseball (15%), auto racing (10%), and hockey (5%).
Additionally, football's American television viewership ratings now surpass those of other sports, although football season comprises far fewer games than the seasons of other sports.
However, the Harris Poll only allows one unaided selection of a "favorite sport." Other studies and polls such as the ESPN Sports Poll and the studies released by the Associated Press (AP) and conducted by Sports Marketing Group (SMG) from 1988 to 2004, show far higher levels of popularity for NFL football since they list from thirty to over 100 sports that each respondent must rate. According to the AP, the SMG polls from 1988 to 2004 show NFL football to be the most popular spectator sport in America. The AP stated that "In the most detailed survey ever of America's sports tastes" researching "114 spectator sports they might attend, follow on television or radio or read about in newspapers or magazines, the NFL topped all sports with 39 percent of Americans saying they loved it or considered it one of their favorites." In a 2003 study conducted by SMG and released by the AP, the NFL was loved or liked a lot by 42.8% of Americans over 18.
The NFL has the highest per-game attendance of any domestic professional sports league in the world. The NFL's overall attendance, however, is only approximately 20 percent of Major League Baseball, because of the latter's longer schedule (162-game scheduled regular season).
A 2007 Turnkey Sports & Entertainment's Team Brand Index for "team loyalty" ranked NFL teams in twelve of the top twenty-five spots out of 122 total between the four major sports leagues. The Pittsburgh Steelers and their fanbase had the top spot, while the New England Patriots, and Indianapolis Colts had the following two spots, followed by the New Orleans Saints at number seven and the Green Bay Packers and their fanbase ranked at number ten. The Arizona Cardinals finished last in the entire survey of 122 teams, though the survey was taken before the team's appearance against the Steelers in Super Bowl XLIII.

</doc>
