<doc id="19281041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281041" title="Jorge Urbina">
Jorge Urbina

Jorge Urbina, born on 2 May 1946, is the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Costa Rica. He assumed the position in October 2006. He is married with two children.
Education.
Urbina received a master in law degree from the University of Costa Rica and a doctorate in law from the University of Bordeaux.
Career.
From 1982 to 1984, Urbina was the Deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Costa Rica. After this appointment, he was Vice Minister for Foreign Affairs for two years from 1984 to 1986. In 1986, Urban then moved to the position of the Executive President of the National Institute for Municipal Counselling and Promotion until 1990; he also served as Costa Rica’s Minister of Information from 1989 to 1990.
From 1990 to 1993, Urbina was an Associate Researcher at Centro de Investigaciones Económicas y Sociales in Montes de Oca, Costa Rica, and also was a professor at the International Affairs School of Universidad Nacional in Heredia, Costa Rica, for the same period. After that, he served as a permanent consultant at the Programme for Democratic Governance in Central America, United Nations Development from 1993 to 1998.
Until he was appointed Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Mr. Urbina was a Programme Coordinator at the International Centre for Human Development, San José, Costa Rica, from 1998 to 2006.
Mission work.
On 11 March 2009, H.E. Jorge Urbina lead a four day United Nations Security Council fact finding mission to Haiti to assess the impact of aide provided to the country through UN Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH) and the UN Development Programme (UNDP). In his later report to the UN, he stated, "It was evident to the mission that the current levels of extreme poverty, in which 80 per cent of the people live on under two dollars a day and 50 per cent on under one dollar are incompatible with the goal to establish stability in the short term."

</doc>
<doc id="19281076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281076" title="Rychard Campeau">
Rychard Campeau

Rychard Campeau (born April 9, 1952) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League in the fourth round, 53rd overall, of the 1972 NHL Entry Draft; however, he never played in that league. He played 82 regular-season games and four playoff games in the World Hockey Association with the Philadelphia Blazers and the Vancouver Blazers in the 1972–73 and 1973–74 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19281077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281077" title="Team New England">
Team New England

Team New England is a solar car racing team based in the Boston, Massachusetts area. It is known for its innovative and sometimes controversial approach to solar car racing and heartbreaking losses. The Team New England pioneered the use of folding, stored arrays in solar vehicles, which were technically allowed, but controversial because of their significant advantage to traditional fixed array vehicles. Team New England also began the use of new aerodynamic theories for extremely low drag vehicles which emphasized the effect of frictional drag over traditional parameters Over a decade after they were formed, Team New England members are still considered pioneers and experts in solar car racing and design [http://www.wired.com/autopia/2009/02/hot-wheels-mi/]
History.
Team New England (TNE) was initially a friendly branch off of from [http://www.mitsolar.com MIT Solar Electric Vehicle Team and the UMass Lowell Solar Car team. Initially, it was formed in June 1993 to create a revolutionary entry for the 1993 World Solar Challenge in November. Then, it raced a completely new car in Sunrayce 1995 under the Northern Essex Community College banner when both MIT and UMass Lowell had their own entries. Several Boston University students joined forces in 1995, and subsequently launched their own solar car team. TNE also raced several electric vehicles in the American Tour de Sol including a Solectria Force Solectria Force, a converted 1959 Berkeley Berkeley Cars, and a Solectria Super Force (Force with Turtle Trailer)
The team is led by Olaf "Obie" Bleck. Ted "T" Bohn, Andy Haefitz, James Nelson, Spencer Quong, Richard R. Rahders, Richard "Tricky" Shanahan, and Goro Tamai are also active team members.

</doc>
<doc id="19281090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281090" title="Moslem Eskandar-Filabi">
Moslem Eskandar-Filabi

Moslem Eskandar-Filabi (, born 26 March 1944 in Filab, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran) more known as Eskandar Filabi is a renowned Iranian wrestler in the 1960s and 1970s. He is the most successful Iranian athlete with 4 gold medals at the 1966, 1970 and 1974 Asian Games.
Filabi also represented Iran in three Olympics, 1968 Mexico City, 1972 Munich (Germany), and 1976 Montreal (Canada). He was the flag carrier for the Iranian Olympic delegation, carrying the flag with only one hand.
He left Iran after Islamic Revolution and joined the parliament-in-exile, National Council of Resistance of Iran.
He has especial arm band as an Iranian National Hero. He Also has a total of 17 Gold, silver, and Bronze Medals which he received from International Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19281092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281092" title="Sympetrum vicinum">
Sympetrum vicinum

The Yellow-legged Meadowhawk or Autumn Meadowhawk ("Sympetrum vicinum") is a member of the Libellulidae family and grows to 26–35 mm long.
Description.
Naiad.
This is a small naiad, with a length of . It is mottled green and brown in color. The abdomen has several large hooks along the top, and the last two abdominal segments have a single, large, rear-facing spine on each side. This species has bigger eyes than other members of this genus.
Adult.
This is a small dragonfly, with a length of . The wings are mostly clear but have a small patch of yellowish to orange clouding at the base of each hindwing. Mature males are brownish black on the face and thorax and have a red abdomen, while immature males have a yellow thorax and a yellowish brown abdomen. Females have a brown thorax and a brownish-red abdomen. As its common name implies, the legs of the adults are yellow.
Range and habitat.
You can see this dragonfly in, and around marshes, ponds and slow-moving streams throughout the eastern United States, southern Canada, the Great Plains, and the west coast of North America. This species has two separate populations in North America. One is found from Ontario east to Nova Scotia, extending south into the U.S. to Texas and Florida. The other population occurs in British Columbia, Washington, and Idaho.
Adult Flight Season.
Late July to early November
Diet.
Naiad.
Naiads feed on a wide variety of aquatic insects, such as mosquito larvae, other aquatic fly larvae, mayfly larvae, and freshwater shrimp. They will also eat very small fish and tadpoles.
Adult.
The dragonfly will eat almost any soft-bodied flying insect including mosquitoes, flies, small moths, mayflies, and flying ants or termites.
Ecology.
The naiads live in the debris of the bottoms of lakes and ponds. They do not actively pursue prey but wait for it to pass by, a strategy which affords them protection from other predators. The naiads emerge, or make the transition to adult dragonflies, at night. Adults fly from early August through October. This species flies later in the fall than any other species in the Northwest, with observations as late as October 29 in Idaho, and into November in Washington. The adults of this species hunt flying insects from perches on rocks or bare branches. The Latin name for this genus, Sympetrum, means "with rock" and refers to their habit of basking on rocks to absorb heat early in the day. This dragonfly is extremely abundant where it occurs, with large numbers of pairs flying and laying eggs in tandem.
Reproduction.
The female flies with the male still attached after mating (a position called "in tandem") and lays her eggs near the shoreline of lakes and ponds by dipping the tip of her abdomen on the surface of the water. Large-mouth bass ("Micropterus salmoides") have been observed following mated pairs of dragonflies as they fly just above the surface, and then eating them as they touch the surface to lay eggs.
Conservation.
Populations are widespread, abundant, and secure.

</doc>
<doc id="19281096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281096" title="1978 Chatham Cup">
1978 Chatham Cup

The 1978 Chatham Cup was the 51st annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with the National League teams receiving a bye until the Fourth Round of the competition. In all, 144 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1978 final.
The final was held outside one of the main centres for the first time, being played in Nelson. Manurewa won the competition for the first time since 1931, when they had played under the name "Tramurewa" (after a recent merger with Tramways FC). The gap of 47 years between trophies in this competition is still a record.
Manurewa's side was coached by John Adshead who four years later would steer New Zealand's national side to their first FIFA world cup. The team included several top players, notably Dave Bright and goalkeeper Frank van Hattum; they were opposed by the previous year's champions, Nelson united, a team which boasted the presence of Kenny Cresswell, Peter Simonsen, and Keith Mackay, among others.
The game's only goal came after 12 minutes. Nelson keeper Owen Nuttridge failed to completely clear a Dave Bright cross, only for the ball to be headed into the net by Bruce Foster.

</doc>
<doc id="19281110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281110" title="Edward O'Neill">
Edward O'Neill

Edward O'Neill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19281111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281111" title="Twin Atlantic">
Twin Atlantic

Twin Atlantic is an alternative rock band from Glasgow, Scotland. The band is composed of Sam McTrusty (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Barry McKenna (lead guitar, cello, backing vocals), Ross McNae (bass guitar, piano, backing vocals) and Craig Kneale (drums, percussion, backing vocals). They have released two albums: "Vivarium" and "Free".
Twin Atlantic joined the social networking site Twitter under the name @twinatlantic in April 2012 and as of October 2013 have over 61,000 followers.
History.
Formation, "A Guidance From Colour" (2007–2008).
Twin Atlantic formed in February 2007. All members previously played in other small local bands. During 2007 they built up a strong reputation both locally and nationally. Twin Atlantic supported Circa Survive and mewithoutYou before recording their debut EP "A Guidance From Colour" at Long Wave Studio in Cardiff with producer Romesh Dodangoda (Funeral For A Friend, Kids In Glass Houses, The Blackout). This culminated in the release of their debut EP on 14 January 2008 and their first single, "Audience & Audio", on 24 December 2007.
Building on support from "Kerrang!", the band's profile was boosted enough for them to land support slots with Biffy Clyro and they were personally chosen by Jimmy Chamberlin to support Smashing Pumpkins at Glasgow's SECC in early February. Over the following months, they also supported American acts The Matches, Blink-182, Finch and Say Anything on their respective UK tours.
In mid-2008, Twin Atlantic played many festivals in Scotland, including T in the Park, Belladrum Festival, Wickerman Festival, RockNess, Live at Loch Lomond and Connect Music Festival.
The band signed a single deal with King Tut's Recordings, and "What Is Light? Where Is Laughter?" was released on 29 September 2008. They also completed a joint headline tour of Scotland with The Xcerts and their first set of solo headline dates across the UK.
"Vivarium" (2009–2010).
In March 2009, Twin Atlantic released their debut mini-album "Vivarium". They released the lead single "Lightspeed" as a free download from their website on 29 July 2009, with a bonus acoustic version of the track also available. The follow-up single "You're Turning Into John Wayne" was released on 7 September 2009, with the mini-album released a week later.
On 7 March 2009, they played a sold out gig at Queen Margaret Union (QMU).
The band toured extensively in 2009 and 2010, having played Download Festival, Guilfest, T in the Park, Sonisphere and Belladrum over the summer of 2009, including supporting Taking Back Sunday on a tour of UK and Ireland in July 2009. This continued into a full tour of the UK in September and then the United States with The Fall of Troy and Envy On The Coast in March and April 2010. In June 2010, Twin Atlantic supported The Gaslight Anthem on their British mini-tour and on 7 August 2010 they played at the Hevy Music Festival.
Twin Atlantic played at the sold-out Belsonic festival in Belfast on 28 August 2010 supporting Biffy Clyro.
On 21 October 2010, the band announced, via their Facebook page, that they would be supporting My Chemical Romance for three upcoming dates.
"Free" (2011–future).
Twin Atlantic finished recording their new album, "Free", and it was released on April 29, 2011 in the Republic of Ireland and May 2, 2011 in the United Kingdom. The album's first single was "Edit Me", released on February 14.
In January they supported Angels & Airwaves in Continental Europe.
Second single "Free" was first played on BBC Radio 1 on the Zane Lowe show between 7 pm & 9 pm on March 10. The third single released was "Time For You To Stand Up" on the 11th of July, with "Cherry Slut" and "Babylonian Throwdown" as B-sides. On the 26th of September, a fourth single was released from the album; "Make A Beast Of Myself", including the B-side "Your Amazing Lying, Lion, Lie In".
In the summer of 2012, the band was on the Vans Warped Tour. Twin Atlantic also supported Blink-182 againin some venues on their UK tour alongside The All American Rejects.
A remix of their single, "Free" was used for the closing of the Discovery Channel's coverage of the 2012 Red Bull Stratos space jump by Felix Baumgartner.
In February 2014, Twin Atlantic joined 30 Seconds To Mars on the second part of their European Arena tour.
The band are currently recording their new album due to be released at some point in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19281165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281165" title="Meleke">
Meleke

Meleke (, "royal", "kingly") — also transliterated melekeh or malaki — is a lithologic type of white, coarsely crystalline, thickly bedded limestone found in the Judean Hills in Israel and the West Bank. It has been used in the traditional architecture of Jerusalem since ancient times, especially in Herodian architecture. Though it is often popularly referred to as Jerusalem stone, this phrase can refer to a number of different types of stone found and used in, or associated with, Jerusalem.
Name.
"Meleke" is an Arabic word that originated in the jargon of local stonemasons. Translated as "kingly stone", (or "queenly"), "royal stone", or "stone of kings", the source of the word's meaning may derive from "meleke"'s use in all the monumental tombs of Jerusalem. Israeli building stone authority Asher Shadmon cites the word as one of the local or colloquial "mason's terms" that have been "adopted by geologists" and are applied in the technical literature.
Description.
Meleke is quarried from the Upper Turonian Stage of the Bina (Baana) Formation of Late Cretaceous age, a layer about 10 meters in thickness and about 90 million years old. When freshly cut, it is a pure white limestone. It may retain its white color for many years or it may be insolated to a light golden yellow. The aged stone has a typical golden hue, but may range in tone from pinkish to off-white. When quarried it is soft and quite workable, but upon exposure it hardens and develops a clear surface that will take on a high polish. Meleke withstands natural erosion very well and provides a high-quality building stone, as well as commercial marble.
History.
Used as a building material since ancient times, this "royal stone" has been of great importance to the history of the city of Jerusalem. When it is first exposed to the air it can be soft enough to be cut with a knife, but exposed to the air it hardens to make a stone of considerable durability, useful for building. Hundreds of caverns, cisterns, tombs and aqueducts in Jerusalem have been excavated from this stone. According to a long-standing legend, "Zedekiah's Cave", a large ancient meleke cave/quarry near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem's Old City, was the source of the building material for Solomon's First Temple. Richard S. Barnett writes that ashlars in the Western Wall and the outer retaining wall of the extended Herodian Temple platform were apparently cut from meleke quarries near Bezetha.
The courtyard of the Tomb of Helena of Adiabene was originally a meleke stone quarry, and the staircase once a ramp upon which the blocks extracted were hauled. Of the four types of limestone found in the Jerusalem region, two were used in building during the Islamic period in Palestine: "meleke" and "mizzi", the latter being a harder stone, also known as "Palestinian marble".
The use of meleke was popular among the Frankish stonemasons of the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem in Palestine, who quarried it to make fine, carefully drafted building stones for use in door and window features, among other architectural features. Frankish markings from the distinctive diagnol tools used by their stonemasons can be seen on meleke stones put to secondary use in the walls surrounding the Old City of Jerusalem.
In archaeological excavations.
High quality, meleke limestone has been found wherever excavations in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre have reached bedrock. Beginning in about the seventh or eighth century BCE, the area where the church is now located was a large quarry, with the city of Jerusalem lying to the southeast. Traces of the quarry have been found not only in the church area, but also in excavations conducted nearby in the 1960s and 1970s by Kathleen Kenyon in the Muristan enclave of Jerusalem's Christian Quarter, and by Ute Lux, in the nearby Church of the Redeemer. Meleke stone was chiseled out in squarish blocks and partially cut ashlars still attached to the bedrock after being left by the workers were found. East of St. Helena's Chapel in the Holy Sepulchre Church, the quarry was over 40 feet deep and the earth and ash therein contained Iron Age II pottery, from about the seventh century BCE.
According to Virgilio C. Corbo, professor of archaeology at the Studium Biblicum Franciscanum in Jerusalem, the quarry continued to be used until the first century BCE, at which time it was filled, and covered with a layer of reddish-brown soil mixed with stone flakes from the ancient quarry. It became a garden or orchard, where cereals, fig, carob, and olive trees were grown. It also served as a cemetery, and at least four tombs dating from this period have been found, including a typical "kokh" tomb thought to be that of Nicodemus and Joseph of Arimathea.
A salvage excavation conducted by the Israeli Antiquities Authority in June 2006 in the Sanhedriya neighborhood of Jerusalem exposed another ancient masonry meleke quarry. Larger than the area excavated, the quarry abutted onto the southern end of the Second Temple-period Tombs of the Sanhedrin, between which extensive ancient quarries had previously been discovered.
The quarry seems to have been in operation in the Roman period, though precise dating was difficult because the quarrying debris was devoid of coins and potsherds, and modern debris had entered the site. A few pottery fragments from the end of the first century BCE to the first century CE found on the bottom of the quarry units formed the basis for the dating put forward, and the quarry's proximity to the Sanhedrin tombs of the Second Temple period has also led archaeologists to assume it was in use during that time.
The exposed quarry is just one of a number of ancient quarries discovered in the Sanhedriya-Mahanayim region whose stones were utilized in the public construction of Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="19281170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281170" title="Mr. Moto's Last Warning">
Mr. Moto's Last Warning

Mr. Moto’s Last Warning is the sixth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto. The film is an original story featuring the character created by John P. Marquand.
Plot.
The British Navy in Port Said is making plans for naval maneuvers with the French fleet. Plans are delayed because the British Secret Service has been warned of possible sabotage. 
On a ship docking in Port Said is Madame Delacour (Margaret Irving) wife of the French naval admiral. Delacour and her daughter Marie (Joan Carroll) are befriended by the charming Eric Norvel (George Sanders), the goofy Rollo Venables (Robert Coote), and someone posing as Mr. Moto (Teru Shimada). Norvel reveals his true nature when the ship docks and he lures Mr. Moto to his death. This “fake” Mr. Moto turns out to be a fellow agent of Mr. Moto (Peter Lorre) who is posing as a curio dealer Mr. Kuroki.
Norvel takes Delacour and Venables to a variety show featuring Fabian the Great (Ricardo Cortez), a ventriloquist. Fabian is the leader of the gang of saboteurs including Hakim (John Davidson), Captain Hawkins (Leyland Hodgson), Danforth (John Carradine), and Norvel. Danforth is actually a British Secret Service agent named Burke. Moto listens in on their conversation and is almost captured, but Burke helps him escape. Norvel is given the task of learning from Delacour when the French fleet is due at Port Said.
Fabian is staying at a bar called “Connie’s Place” run by a British expatriate named Connie Porter (Virginia Field). Porter had been smuggled out of Britain by Fabian when she was running from the police, but she doesn't know Fabian's occupation. She thinks he is a smuggler. The bar is across the street from Kuroki’s (Moto's) curio shop where Venables purchases a scarab ring. Venables is then mugged in the street, only to be saved by Moto’s judo skills. 
The suspicious Fabian thinks that Kuroki is actually Moto and enlists Connie to follow him the next day. She sees Moto visit the Port Commandant's office where he learns of the salvage ship "The Vulcan" captained by Hawkins.
Fabian also discovers that Danforth is the secret agent, Burke. Fabian lures Burke to "The Vulcan" and reveals his plan to blow up the French fleet and blame the British. He then kills Burke by trapping him in a diving bell. Norvel gets the information needed and tells Fabian at the theater. Connie overhears the conversation and threatens to call the Port Commandant, but Fabian convinces her to go along with him.
Hakim tries to kill Moto with a bomb, but Moto escapes the explosion and follows Hakim to a warehouse. Moto enlists Venables to help, but Venables is tricked by Norvel. After a fight, Moto and Venables are tied in sacks and thrown into the ocean, but not before Moto tricks Hawkins and grabs a piece of sharp metal. Connie can't bear to see this violence and goes to call the police. Fabian knocks her out and proceeds with his plans. 
Moto escapes underwater and frees Venables, who goes to the police. Norvel dives down to await a signal from Fabian but Moto overpowers him and prematurely detonates the explosives meant to destroy the French fleet. Resurfacing, Moto fights with Fabian but Connie shows up and shoots Fabian. Moto discovers the saboteur's plans in Fabian's dummy but never reveals to the audience which country tried to engineer a war between France and England.
Production notes.
This is the only Peter Lorre Moto film in the public domain. It is available at the Internet Archive

</doc>
<doc id="19281233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281233" title="Leonard Paul Blair">
Leonard Paul Blair

Leonard Paul Blair (born April 12, 1949) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the fifth and current archbishop of the Archdiocese of Hartford, Connecticut. He was installed as the Archbishop of Hartford on December 16, 2013.
Biography.
Leonard Blair was born in Detroit, Michigan, and there studied at Sacred Heart Seminary, from where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in History. He then furthered his studies in Rome, where he earned a baccalaureate and licentiate in theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University, and a doctorate in theology from the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas ("Angelicum"). 
Blair was ordained to the priesthood on June 26, 1976, and then served as vicar general and chancellor of the Archdiocese of Detroit. He taught theology at Sacred Heart Seminary, where he was dean of studies as well. Blair was personal secretary to Edmund Cardinal Szoka and an official of the Prefecture for the Economic Affairs of the Holy See from 1994 to 1997, whence he was named pastor of St. Paul Church in Grosse Point Farms.
On July 8, 1999, Blair was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Detroit and Titular Bishop of "Voncariana". He received his episcopal consecration on the following August 24 from Adam Cardinal Maida, with Cardinal Szoka and Bishop Dale Melczek serving as co-consecrators. Blair was later named Bishop of Toledo, Ohio, on October 7, 2003. He was installed as the fifth Archbishop of Hartford on December 16, 2013.
In 2009, he delivered the findings of an initial doctrinal assessment report to the Vatican's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF) on the U.S. Leadership Conference of Women Religious (LCWR), which had been requested and begun in 2008; he issued a subsequent letter in 2010. In April 2012, the CDF issued a formal document ordering an up to five-year-long visitation of the Conference, to be chaired by Seattle's Archbishop J. Peter Sartain, with Bishop Blair and the Bishop of Springfield, Illinois, Thomas J. Paprocki, as members.
In July 2011, Blair advised parishes and Catholic schools in the Diocese of Toledo against raising funds for the Susan G. Komen Foundation, citing concerns that funds contributed to the global anti-cancer foundation may go towards funding embryonic stem-cell research. Blair stated, "As best we can determine, at present the Komen Foundation does not fund cancer research that employs embryonic stem cells. However, their policy does not exclude that possibility. They are open to embryonic stem cell research, and may very well fund such research in the future." Bishop Blair's statement also made reference to Komen's relationship with Planned Parenthood, the largest provider of abortions in the United States of America. Because of these factors, Bishop Blair, in conjunction with the Catholic bishops of Ohio, urged Catholic faithful, both corporate and individually, to consider alternate organizations when supporting anti-breast cancer research.

</doc>
<doc id="19281294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281294" title="Teskan">
Teskan

Teskan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19281305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281305" title="KWEY">
KWEY

KWEY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19281319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281319" title="KWFS">
KWFS

KWFS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19281345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281345" title="United States v. South-Eastern Underwriters Association">
United States v. South-Eastern Underwriters Association

United States v. South-Eastern Underwriters Association, 322 U.S. 533 (1944), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that the Sherman Act, the federal antitrust statute, applied to insurance. To reach this decision, the Court held that insurance could be regulated by the United States Congress under the Commerce Clause, overturning "Paul v. Virginia". Congress responded by enacting the McCarran-Ferguson Act of 1945 which limited antitrust laws' applicability to the business and assured state authority would continue over insurance. 

</doc>
<doc id="19281380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281380" title="Kryostega">
Kryostega

Kryostega is a large temnospondyl amphibian from the Early or Middle Triassic of Antarctica. The genus is based on a single specimen collected in 1986 by a team led by paleontologist William H. Hammer of Augustana College, and now housed in the collections of the American Museum of Natural History (AMNH 24419). The holotype consists of an incomplete snout, including portions of both the right and left premaxilla, a partial left maxilla, both lacrimals, a small portion of the left nasal, the vomer, and a fragment of the palatine. Many partial teeth are preserved, though most have been broken away at their bases. The preserved part of the skull measures 27 cm long and 21 cm wide, from which a total skull length on about one meter has been inferred (Sidor et al., 2008; p. 657). Total body length has been estimated at 4.57 meters. The specimen suffered some damage during excavation, and the ventral surface is better preserved than the dorsal side of the fossil. Presently, only a single species is recognized, "K. colllinsoni", named in honor of Antarctic scientist Jim Collinson.
"Kryostega" was discovered in beds of the upper Fremouw Formation at Gordon Valley in the central Transantarctic Mountains. This portion of the Fremouw Formation consists largely of a 300-meter thick series of crossbedded, volcaniclastic sandstones. "Kryostega" was found in a thin siltstone cobble conglomerate within these strata, about 70 meters from the base of the upper member. The same bed has produced remains of "Cynognathus", along with a kannemeyeriid dicynodont, a gomphodont cynodont, and a second species of large temnospondyl. Sidor et al. (2008; p. 661-662) conclude that the "...inferred high paleolatitude of Gordon Valley during deposition would have subjected it to long periods of continuous darkness during the winter months," and that the discovery of a large, semi-aquatic amphibian in these beds is "...evidence for unsuspected ecological diversity with the Polar Circle during the Triassic."
Sidor et al. (2008; p. 659-660) conclude that "Kryostega" likely belongs to either the families Heylerosauridae or the basal Mastodonsauridae within the 
Stereospondyli, though they also consider an anternative phylogeny, the possibility that it may belong, instead, in the Trematosauroidea, and suggest that only additional and more complete specimens of the taxon will resolve the issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19281383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281383" title="Lazir">
Lazir

Lazir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19281386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281386" title="The Infernal Depths of Hatred">
The Infernal Depths of Hatred

The Infernal Depths of Hatred is Anata's first full length album, released on Season of Mist Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19281390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281390" title="Mary Kalantzis">
Mary Kalantzis

Professor Mary Kalantzis (born 1949) is an Australian author and academic, who is Dean of the College of Education at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in the United States. She has a deep interest in the development and history of multiculturalism and the impact it has had on Australian society.
Biography.
Mary Kalantzis was born in a village in the Peloponnese, Greece, and migrated to Australia with her family in 1953. She was the eldest of three children, to Nicholas and Diamondo. In 1982 she was the recipient of a Commonwealth Postgraduate Research Award, and in 1990-91 she was a Fulbright Scholar-in-Residence at Keene State College of the University System of New Hampshire in the United States. She has since held (in reverse chronological order) appointments as Dean of the Faculty of Education, Language and Community Services at RMIT University, Director of the Institute of Interdisciplinary Studies at James Cook University of North Queensland, Director of the Centre for Workplace Communication and Culture at the University of Technology, Sydney and a Senior Research Fellow at the Centre for Multicultural Studies at the University of Wollongong. While serving as Dean at RMIT University she was elected President of the Australian Council of Deans of Education. Her service activities include being a Board Member of Teaching Australia, belonging to The National Institute for Quality Teaching and School Leadership, appointment as a Commissioner of the Australian Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission, Chair of the Queensland Ethnic Affairs Ministerial Advisory Committee, Vice President of the National Languages and Literacy Institute of Australia and a member of the Australia Council's Community Cultural Development Board.
Author.
Mary has been an author or co-author of books, research reports and refereed journal articles. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19281413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281413" title="Springfield Mall (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Springfield Mall (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Springfield Mall is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line. It is located on Sproul Road (PA 320) behind the parking lot of Springfield Mall in Springfield, Pennsylvania. It is also located below the embankment of the Sproul Road Bridge, which crosses over the Route 101 trolley line.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania. The station has an acrylic glass bus shelter where people can go inside when it is raining. It also has free parking, and a staircase leading to and from the Sproul Road Bridge. It was previously known strictly as Sproul Road station until the Springfield Mall was built in 1974. The station itself can be found on a hill below the back parking lot of the mall and has a single track as it enters Smedley County Park, and then becomes a two-track line again before crossing Pine Ridge Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19281427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281427" title="Milk Em'">
Milk Em'

"Milk Em" is the only single by Ghostface Killah and his protégé Trife da God off the collaborative album "Put It on the Line". 
Song.
Milk Em' was released as a single on independent record label Sound in Color. The single was released using five different producers each putting their own individual beat behind Ghost and Trife's rhymes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19281434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281434" title="Ed Peranio">
Ed Peranio

Ed Peranio is an American film actor and associate production designer, working primarily in the films of John Waters. Because of his work with Waters, he is considered one of the Dreamlanders, Waters' ensemble of regular cast and crew members. Peranio is the brother and working associate of production/art designer Vincent Peranio.

</doc>
<doc id="19281443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281443" title="Astanlı">
Astanlı

Astanlı or Astanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19281502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281502" title="Van Krevelen diagram">
Van Krevelen diagram

Van Krevelen diagrams are graphical plots developed by
Dirk Willem van Krevelen (chemist and professor of fuel technology at the TU Delft) and used to assess the origin and maturity of kerogen and petroleum. The diagram cross-plots the hydrogen:carbon (hydrogen index) as a function of the oxygen:carbon (oxygen index) atomic ratios of carbon compounds.
Different kinds of organic matter are more likely to produce oil during thermocatalytic maturation than other types: Algae, type 1, H-rich, O-poor, tend to make good oils. Trees and other woody vegetation are made of type 3 organic matter, O-rich, H-poor, and are sources of coal and gas. This diagram is mostly used for differentiating different types of kerogen.

</doc>
<doc id="19281542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281542" title="Austin-Healey Sebring Sprite">
Austin-Healey Sebring Sprite

The Austin-Healey Sebring Sprite was a modified version of the Austin-Healey Sprite which was produced by the Donald Healey Motor Company, the Healey Speed Equipment Division and subsequently John Sprinzel Ltd. It was recognized by the governing body of motorsport, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile, as a separate model in its own right, featuring Girling disc brakes as well as engine and chassis improvements. After its homologation on 17 September 1960, FIA regulations permitted the use of 'special bodies' and a small number of Sebring Sprites were subsequently fitted with coupé bodywork in aluminium alloy and glassfibre, the most strikingly attractive examples being those devised by well-known race and rally driver John Sprinzel, who had won the 1959 RAC British Rally Championship. Sprinzel commissioned the coachbuilders Williams & Pritchard, renowned for their racing and prototype bodies, to produce it. The name 'Sebring Sprite' would become a generic term for any Sprite with disc brakes, and later for any Sprite with coupé or fastback bodywork.
Class domination at the 1959 Twelve Hours of Sebring.
For the celebrated long-distance race at Sebring, Florida, in March 1959, the BMC Competition Department entered three Austin-Healey Sprites in the 12 Hours Grand Prix d'Endurance. The cars were prepared by Donald's son Geoffrey Healey at the company's Cape Works in Warwick, and were fitted with a prototype Dunlop disc brake on all four wheels as well as wire wheels (and tyres) from the same company. Larger twin 1-inch SU carburettors gave the engines more performance and special twin-plate racing clutches took the drive to straight-cut close-ratio gearboxes. The cars were raced by Hugh Sutherland, Phil Stiles, Ed Leavens, Dr Harold Kunz, Fred Hayes, John Christy and John Colgate Jnr. Despite setbacks, the Sprites managed to finish first, second and third in their class, and their success in this premier sportscar race, which was part of FIA World Sportscar Championship, gave valuable publicity to BMC in the important North American market.
Healey Sebring Sprites.
The Healeys subsequently offered to modify customers' Sprites to a similar specification to the Sebring cars, though using Girling braking equipment: 8-inch disc brakes for the front wheels and 8-inch drum brakes at the rear. These Healey Sebring-spec. Sprites were modified at The Cape Works, and from early 1960 also at the small workshop at the London showrooms in Grosvenor Street, where the Healey Speed Equipment Division was run by well-known race and rally driver, and reigning British Rally Champion, John Sprinzel.
John Sprinzel had founded the highly successful tuning firm Speedwell, where he was joined by future Formula 1 World Champion Graham Hill. Speedwell developed a sleek, alloy-bodied Sprite coupe, the Speedwell GT, designed by aerodynamicist Frank Costin and built by Williams & Pritchard. However, Donald Healey had managed to lure John Sprinzel away from Speedwell by inviting him to set up the Healey Speed Equipment Division and the promise of Healey works drives at both Sebring and Le Mans.
Sebring 1960.
Because of increasing safety worries about the speed differential between the smallest and largest-engined cars, a separate four-hour race for GT cars of under one litre was organized at Sebring in 1960. Stirling Moss drove a Sebring Sprite to a class win and second overall in this event. In the twelve-hour race, John Sprinzel drove a prototype Sprite with a GRP Falcon kit-car body, built and entered by the Donald Healey Motor Company, to another impressive class win, finishing 41st overall.
Sprinzel Sebring Sprites.
Leaving the Healeys to set up his own tuning and race preparation concern at Lancaster Mews in December 1960, John Sprinzel launched his Williams & Pritchard-bodied coupe to immediate acclaim at the Racing Car Show in London. Sprinzel Sebring Sprites were soon being built for racers Ian Walker, Cyril Simson, Andrew Hedges and Chris Williams, and for BMC works rally driver David Seigle-Morris. Sprinzel's personal Sebring Sprite bore the registration number PMO 200, and he campaigned the car at Sebring and in international rallies as well as races throughout the 1961 season, culminating in an outright win in the Targa Rusticana rally at the beginning of 1962.
Sebring 1961.
No less than 7 Sebring Sprites contested the long-distance races at Sebring in 1961. Five Healey-prepared BMC works cars were driven by Ed Leavens, Briggs Cunningham, Dick Thompson, Bruce McLaren and Walt Hansgen. There were also two of John Sprinzel's striking coupes, piloted by one of the top-rated Grand Prix drivers of all time, Stirling Moss, together with his sister Pat Moss, Britain's most successful woman rally driver. The Sebring Sprites finished in six of the top eight places in the 4-hour race for one-litre GT cars. In the 12-hour race, Sebring Sprites were driven by Ed Leavens, John Colgate, Joe Buzetta, Glenn Carlson, Cyril Simson and future F1 driver Paul Hawkins to strong performances, finishing 2nd, 3rd and 4th in class and 15th and 25th and 37th overall.
Later Sebring Sprites.
Over the years, the cars were sold to privateers who raced and rallied them. In later years, the Sebring Sprite became a prized possession and the object of veneration within the Austin-Healey fraternity. Enthusiasts sought out the cars, sometimes discovering them in advanced stages of deterioration. Today, the cars are cherished classics that can be driven to and from competitions just like the originals were in their day. Subsequently, numbers of other Sprites were modified as period replicas of the original Speedwell GTs and Sprinzel Sebring Sprites, built to the same homologated specification. 
One such car is the "Lumbertubs" Sprite, built in 1963 by brothers Brian and Ken Myers and named after the lane where they lived. The alloy roof was crafted by Alan Thompson of Aston Martin and a fibreglass Williams & Pritchard's Sebring bonnet was fitted. In 1965 ownership passed to Peter Webster, who substituted a Ford engine and gearbox, and competed with some success in sprints and hillclimbs. He is also known to have raced the coupe at the St. John Horsfall meeting at Silverstone on 24th June 1967, winning the 1600cc class.
Modern Replica Sebring Sprites.
Because there were so few original cars, very few Austin-Healey fans ever had the chance to admire the Williams & Pritchard coachwork, designed and commissioned by John Sprinzel. Sprite restorer Brian Archer embarked on the production of a faithful replica to enable this remarkably beautiful design to reach a wider audience. Over a period of twenty years, nearly a hundred cars have been built using Brian Archer's reproduction bodywork, many finished to an extremely high standard. Raced and rallied by Martin Ingall and other drivers, Brian Archer Sebring Sprites have achieved a distinguished record in historic competition. Since Brian Archer's untimely death in 2008, his business partner Andrew Forster is carrying on the tradition with the support of a devoted and ever-increasing band of Sebring Sprite enthusiasts.

</doc>
<doc id="19281550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281550" title="Tenericutes">
Tenericutes

Tenericutes (tener cutis: soft skin) is a phylum of bacteria that contains the Class Mollicutes. The name was validated in 1984 as a new division (= phylum). The Tenericutes lack a cell wall and therefore are Gram negative. Notable genera includes the "Mycoplasma", "Ureaplasma" and "Phytoplasma".

</doc>
<doc id="19281561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281561" title="2000 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
2000 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Yevgeny Kafelnikov was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to Tim Henman.
Cédric Pioline won in the final 6–7(3), 6–4, 7–6(4), against Tim Henman.

</doc>
<doc id="19281565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281565" title="Zscaler">
Zscaler

Zscaler is a global cloud-based information security company that provides antivirus, vulnerability management and granular control of user activity in Web, email and mobile environments. The company was founded by Jay Chaudhry, a security industry professional and K. Kailash, former chief architect of NetScaler. Prior to Zscaler, Jay Chaudhry founded and funded several successful companies, including CipherTrust, AirDefense, CoreHarbor, Air2Web, and SecureIT. The company competes with similar services offered by Blue Coat Systems, Cisco, MessageLabs, Webroot and Websense.
History.
Zscaler was founded and self-funded in 2008 by Jay Chaudhry and K. Kalish. Chaudhry is a serial security entrepreneur that previously founded AirDefense, CipherTrust, CoreHarbor and SecureIT. In 2012, Zscaler raised $38M from Lightspeed Venture Partners. In 2013, Zscaler had a reported company valuation of $1B. 
Technology.
Zscaler provides cloud-based information security delivered through what is reportedly the world’s largest security cloud of more than 100 global data centers. Localized data centers store security policies that can be pushed worldwide in seconds, following its users as they travel around the globe to protect them without latency. 
Zscaler serves as a Web proxy, routing all traffic through its software to apply corporate and security policies, eliminating the time and money companies spend managing Web filtering and security on its own servers. Zscaler is designed to address the challenge of managing security in a world where cloud and mobility are eroding the network perimeter. . 
Zscaler centralizes administration of user policies on a single Web interface with a simple visualization. Zscaler can provide comprehensive user reports in nearly real-time and is constantly gathering global threat data to protect its customers. 
Additional products.
Zscaler for APTs.
Zscaler for APTs provides protection from zero-day attacks and advanced persistent threats by combining proactive protection against known threats, file-based behavior analysis and security analytics such as threat intelligence feeds. Zscaler for APTs provides a comprehensive solution that consolidates the commoditized features of existing security appliances to protect, detect and remediate advanced security threats. 
Zscaler Mobile Security.
Zscaler Mobile Security extends its real-time analysis and protection to mobile devices in BYOD environments by routing mobile traffic through its global cloud. Zscaler Mobile Security provides visibility into mobile application traffic, protection from web-based threats and rogue applications and policy enforcement on mobile devices. 
Partnerships.
Zscaler integrates with single sign-on providers including RSA, Okta, OneLogin and Ping Identity to enable simplified cloud application security. Zscaler integrates with mobile device management (MDM) vendors, including AirWatch and MobileIron to enhance MDM with mobile security. Zscaler integrates with security information event management (SIEM) vendors, including HP ArcSight, IBM QRadar and Splunk, enabling data analysis, digital security forensics and compliance with industry and government regulations. 
Recognition.
2008.
Zscaler was named “Startup of the Week” by InformationWeek
2009.
Zscaler was named a “Cool Vendors in Software-as-a-Service Security, 2009” by Gartner
2011.
Zscaler was named a “Cool Vendors in Cloud Security Services, 2011” by Gartner. 
Zscaler was named a “Leader” in the Gartner “Magic Quadrant for Secure Web Gateway.” 
Zscaler was named an “Emerging Vendor 2011: Security Vendors” by "CRN". 
Zscaler was named a “Best Web Content Management Finalist” in the SC Magazine 
2012.
Zscaler was named a “Leader” in the Gartner “Magic Quadrant for Secure Web Gateways.” 
Zscaler was named an “Emerging Vendor 2012: Security Vendors” by "CRN". 
Zscaler CEO Jay Chaudhry was named a “The Top 25 Disrupters Of 2012” by "CRN". 
2013.
Zscaler was named a “Leader” in the Gartner “Magic Quadrant for Secure Web Gateways.”
Zscaler was named an “Emerging Vendor 2013: Security Vendors” by "CRN". 
Zscaler was named a “Tech 10: Hot Antivirus Alternatives For 2013” by "CRN". 
Zscaler was named a "Red Herring" “2013 Top 100 North America: Winners.” 
SSL traffic considerations.
The Zscaler service operates in part by having all web traffic to be managed sent through Zscaler owned and operated devices. In order to monitor or inspect secure HTTPS connections, Zscaler implements what is known as a man-in-the-middle attack to decrypt SSL traffic for users going through the Zscaler service. When a user attempts to open an HTTPS website, Zscaler mimics the web browser, as the user accesses the server. In response to a CONNECT request by the web browser, the server will send ZScaler a server certificate. Zscaler will then check the validity of the cert and then create a new cert signed by Zscaler. The new cert will be sent to the Web Browser, and assuming that the user has pre-installed a ZScaler root cert, the browser will check the validity of the cert and then accept and install the cert and then will continue to access the website. If a root cert has not been installed, then the user will receive an error stating that there is a problem with the website’s security certification and user will have the option to continue or not.
Since Zscaler is able to decrypt traffic, they are able to scan the content for any malicious traffic that would have otherwise come over an encrypted channel while applying policy based on the unencrypted traffic for the user. When they enable SSL decryption they also allow the user an option to specify which URL categories or custom domains should not be decrypted in order to ensure privacy. Zscaler also has the option of blocking access to specific URL categories or customer domains, regardless of whether SSL decryption is enabled or not.

</doc>
<doc id="19281586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281586" title="Angelo Loukakis">
Angelo Loukakis

Angelo Loukakis is an Australian author. He was born in Australia, attended Fort Street High School, studied English Literature at the University of New South Wales, and acquired a Dip. Ed. from Sydney Teachers College and a Doctorate in Creative Arts from the University of Technology, Sydney. He has worked as a teacher, editor, publisher and scriptwriter. Angelo Loukakis is the author of three novels: "Messenger", "The Memory of Tides", and "Houdini's Flight"; two collections of short stories, as well as non-fiction work, such as a children's book on Greeks in Australia, a book on ancestry based on the Australian version of the television series Who Do You Think You Are? and a travel book on Norfolk Island.
Angelo’s parents came from the island of Crete, Greece and his novel, "The Memory of Tides", which has as a backdrop the Battle of Crete, honours their generation. Of that novel he has said:
I wanted to show the extraordinary and positive relationships that were formed between Greeks and Aussies at a time of profound crisis. There were many instances of cross-cultural revelation during the Greek campaign. For humble, frightened village people an awakening and relief—they could scarcely believe that complete strangers would come from across the world to try to protect them from the Nazi tyrants. For Aussie boys, an awareness of a culture that had given birth to the very things they were fighting for—freedom and democracy.
His collection of short stories "For the Patriarch" received a prize in the 1981 NSW Premier's Awards and was set on the NSW HSC syllabus between 1986 and 2001. In 1980 his film, "Dancing", was awarded a prize at the Melbourne Film Festival.
Angelo is the Executive Director of the Australian Society of Authors (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="19281608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281608" title="Emmanuelle 7">
Emmanuelle 7

Emmanuelle 7 (Emmanuelle au 7ème ciel) is a 1992 French softcore erotic movie directed by Francis Leroi, and starring Sylvia Kristel. The screenplay was written by Francis Leroi and Jean-Marc Vasseur. The music score is by Pierre Bachelet.

</doc>
<doc id="19281610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281610" title="Q-analysis">
Q-analysis

Q-analysis is a mathematical framework to describe and analyze structures. It was introduced by Ronald Atkin in the early seventies (1972), (1974), (1977).

</doc>
<doc id="19281614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281614" title="Thirty Days of Night Records">
Thirty Days of Night Records

Thirty Days of Night Records (Also known as TDON) are a record label based in Leeds, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19281616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281616" title="American Information Exchange">
American Information Exchange

The American Information Exchange (AMIX) was a platform for the buying and selling of information, goods and services as well as the exchange of information, ideas, and certain kinds of intellectual work product, created by economist and futurist Phil Salin in the 1980s.
Starting in 1984, Salin worked to create AMIX as an international network for the exchange of information, consulting contracts, computer code and research. He envisaged a world in which the ready exchange of expertise would reduce transaction costs, with wide-ranging beneficial effects. In particular, he predicted that information markets would reduce the need for redundant employees at different organizations, so that companies would become smaller and more efficient, relying on each other as external sources of expertise. He also expected revolutionary political changes as the markets became widely adopted.
The AMIX project originated long before the widespread deployment of the Internet, so the challenge of creating the market was compounded by the technical difficulty of creating the network on which it would run. 
Autodesk acquired a controlling interest in AMIX in 1988 and funded it until shortly after Phil Salin died in December 1991. Among early adopters, the computer industry itself became the source of many early markets such as a network for the exchange of libraries of object-oriented computer code. AMIX closed its doors in 1992.
References.
"Making markets - American Information Exchange and InterImpulse create a need and fill it - Tutorial", RELease 1.0, July 14, 1990.
"Phil Salin and AMIX - American Information Exchange", RELease 1.0, December 26, 1991
"The market - electronic online market", RELease 1.0, June 21, 1993

</doc>
<doc id="19281624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281624" title="War By Other Means">
War By Other Means

War By Other Means is a 1992 television documentary by John Pilger and David Munro concerning loans to developing countries from the World Bank which cause them to pay more interest then they ever receive in international aid ("debt as a weapon"). It also analyses Structural Adjustment Programs, which are proclaimed to enable countries to compete in the global economy, but have the effect of lowering wages which results in the transfer of wealth from poor to rich. It features Dr. Susan George, author of "The Debt Boomerang".

</doc>
<doc id="19281647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281647" title="Koolhoven F.K.40">
Koolhoven F.K.40

__NOTOC__
The Koolhoven F.K.40 was a small airliner built in the Netherlands in 1928 for KLM. It was a conventional high-wing cantilever monoplane with enclosed seating for up to six passengers and powered by a single engine in the nose. The fuselage was of welded steel tube construction with a wooden wing skinned in plywood held in place by four bolts to facilitate removal. The cabin was spacious for an aircraft of its size, and was intended to be readily reconfigured for passengers, mail, or freight. Although up to six seats could be fitted, the only F.K.40 built flew with four.
This aircraft, registered PH-AES and nicknamed "Piet Haas" ("Peter Hare"), was operated by KLM until it was sold into private hands in 1936. Shortly thereafter, it was sold to the Spanish Nationalist Army, and was operated as an air ambulance during the Spanish Civil War. 

</doc>
<doc id="19281653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281653" title="Alloy Entertainment">
Alloy Entertainment

Alloy Entertainment (formerly 17th Street Productions) is a book-packaging and a television production unit of Warner Bros. Television, part of Time Warner. Alloy is a leading producer of "chick lit"-style novels created for teenage and young adult audiences. Among the book series produced by the company are "The Vampire Diaries", "Gossip Girl", "The Clique", "The A-List", "Pretty Little Liars", "Private", and "The Nine Lives of Chloe King".
The company also owns Alloy Digital, a Multi Channel Network which produces the web series "Talent", "First Day", and "First Day 2: First Dance". Additionally, the company produces or co-produces several television shows and films which are novel adaptations. On June 11, 2012, Warner Bros. Television acquired Alloy Entertainment.
Alloy's President is Leslie Morgenstein.
Filmography.
The following table lists the production credits of "Alloy Entertainment".

</doc>
<doc id="19281668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281668" title="Eli Postin">
Eli Postin

Eli Postin (born 3 June 1908 in Dudley, died 1991) is a former English professional footballer. 
Postin started playing football for Cradley Heath, West Midlands where he was spotted by West Bromwich Albion scouts in 1931 and was signed and played that season in the 2nd team. He was transferred then to Cardiff City and then on to Bristol Rovers. While at Cardiff City he was the club's joint top scorer in the 1933-34 season. He later played for Wrexham where he changed from professional to semi-professional and signed for Brierley Hill Alliance. He still played as an amateur at the age of 50. The supporters always yelled out "Nod 'em in, Eli" as he went up for a header in the box.
Amongst Eli's proudest possessions was a 'Junior International Cap' he was awarded for representing the Birmingham County FA against Scotland Juniors at Villa Park in 1931. The B.C.F.A beat Scotland 5 - 2 with Eli scoring 2 of the goals. 

</doc>
<doc id="19281724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281724" title="Jeff Queen (musician)">
Jeff Queen (musician)

Jeffery Allen Queen, better known as Jeff Queen, is a professional musician, who is a specialist in snare drums. Queen is partially responsible for popularizing backsticking among drumlines and drum corps across the United States. At the age of 15, Queen began his drum corps career with the Canton Bluecoats and continued on to march with the Velvet Knights, Santa Clara Vanguard, Blue Knights and the University of North Texas.
Queen was the Drum Corps International Individual and Ensemble Snare Drum Champion in 1994 and 1995 as well as the Percussive Arts Society Individual Snare Drum Champion in 1994 and 1995. Queen often partners with Vic Firth to demonstrate new percussion equipment. Vic Firth has even designed Jeff Queen's signature drumsticks, called the Jeff Queen Signature Solo Stick, which is produced under the Corpsmaster brand of Vic Firth drumsticks. He first rose to popularity while performing in "Blast!", a Broadway musical. Queen has appeared on "Late Show with David Letterman" and performed at the 2001 NBA All-Star Game. Queen currently resides in Indianapolis, Indiana and is attending Butler University to achieve his Bachelor's degree in Music Theory and Composition. In addition, he works as a percussion instructor for the world champion Carmel High School drum line from Carmel, Indiana and Southwest Dekalb High School Drumline in Decatur, GA.
Queen attended Mount Vernon High School in Alexandria, Virginia. Aside from his music career, Jeff enjoys golfing and playing with his dog, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19281738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281738" title="Ram Singh Arman">
Ram Singh Arman

Ram Singh Arman was a Sant Mat teacher. 
Biography.
Birth and profession.
Ram Singh Arman, a teacher by profession, was born into a Yadav family of the Jui Village in Haryana on the 9th of Ausouj (month by Indian calendar). 
Radha Swami spiritual movement.
He was initiated by Maharishi Shiv Brat Lal on July 18, 1920 in Lahore (now in Pakistan). He devoted most of his time in Surat Shabd Yoga, and wrote a very popular book 'Arman Sagar'.
On July 31, 1935 Maharishi Shiv Brat Lal authorized Arman for initiation via a post. Arman lead a simple life and did not start any Ashram in his life. He was a real hermit and lead a life of quietude. He presided over the Satsang meetings in his small house only, in the village.
It is believed that the full spirit force which Maharishi Shiv Brat Lal talked about manifested in 1925, in the form of Sant Tarachand, in a very poor family in village Dinod in Haryana. Sant Tarachand spiritual cravings were very intense and started his search for the Supreme creator in the age of six only. He liked the company of the mystics & saints very much. He visited almost all prominent mystics of his time. He did not even enter into marriage institution and remained celibate for whole life to achieve his Supreme goal. He developed some supernatural powers even before he met his Master. After initiation he remained in continuous meditation for days together. Love of Arman Saheb ji for Him was the deepest ever known in the history of Santmat.
Death.
Arman died on his birthday in 1976, having announced three days previously that this would happen.
He was succeeded by Sant Tarachand, who is commonly known as Bade Maharaj and founded the present ashram in Dinod, Bhiwani, Haryana.
Books.
Arman wrote following books:
Book "Jui Se Jahan" was written on Arman by Sant Kanwar Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="19281739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281739" title="Shirley Collie Nelson">
Shirley Collie Nelson

Shirley Collie Nelson (March 16, 1931 – January 27, 2010), born Shirley Angelina Simpson, was an American country music and rockabilly singer, yodeler, guitarist and songwriter. From 1963 to 1971, she was the second wife of country star Willie Nelson.
Biography.
Born in Chillicothe, Missouri to Alice (née Davis) and Henry Simpson, she sang at local war bond rallies during World War II as a child, and made a guest appearance on KFEQ-AM in St. Joseph, Missouri. In 1945, at age 14, Simpson replaced "Sue" on the weekday morning "Millie and Sue" show on KMBC-AM in Kansas City, and the duo also appeared on the station's "Brush Creek Follies" barn dance show. She bought her Little Martin guitar from the previous Sue, an instrument she would use for the rest of her career. Her first marriage, at 15, lasted until she was 19. 
In 1950, Simpson moved to Texas to play with Bob Wills, Johnnie Lee Wills and other Texas bands. She settled in Corpus Christi and performed locally until the fall of 1955, when the redhead was offered a regular role on ABC-TV’s "Ozark Jubilee" in Springfield, Missouri and signed a recording contract with ABC-Paramount. In 1956, she released her first singles on the label under her "Jubilee" stage name, Shirley Caddell, and made a guest appearance on "The Eddy Arnold Show". In 1957, she recorded two singles with Lefty Frizzell on Columbia Records, as well as two solo numbers. 
In 1958, she left Springfield to tour with "The Philip Morris Country Music Show" based in Nashville, Tennessee, where she met the show's manager and emcee, Hiram "Biff" Collie, a country music disc jockey on KFOX-AM in Long Beach, California. They married and she moved to Hollywood, appearing on "Country America" on KABC-TV. Both were also regulars on KTTV-TV's "Town Hall Party", and Collie was a guest on NBC-TV's "You Bet Your Life" in 1960. 
Starting in 1960, Collie released singles on the Liberty Records label with Floyd Tillman, Bob Wills and The Texas Playboys, and Clyde Beavers. In 1961, she made her chart debut with the Harlan Howard song “Dime a Dozen,” which rose to No. 25 on the "Billboard" country chart. That same year, "Why Baby Why", her duet with Warren Smith, reached No. 23. Soon record producer Joe Allison approached her to sing with Willie Nelson, who previous singers had been unable to sing harmony with him due to his style. Their 1962 duet, "Willingly", climbed to No. 10 and was his first chart hit, but it failed to establish him as a star. 
In 1962, Collie was offered the role of semi-regular character Pearl Bodine on the CBS-TV series "The Beverly Hillbillies", but instead began touring with Nelson, playing bass guitar in his band. They married in Las Vegas in 1963. As Nelson's career flourished, he talked her into staying home in Ridgetop outside Nashville, where she helped raise his three children by his first wife, Martha. The couple co-wrote his 1968 single "Little Things", and she is credited with writing his singles "I Hope So" (1969) and "Once More With Feeling" (1970). 
After she discovered Nelson had fathered a daughter with Connie Koepke, who would become his third wife, their marriage fell apart and they divorced in 1971. In the years following, however, she would perform and yodel with Nelson when he toured in Missouri until she retired; and the two collaborated on her 2009 book, "Memoir: Scrapbooks in My Mind: Featuring Shirley and Willie Nelson and Many Others". 
From 1987–1989 Nelson worked for the state of Missouri with the mentally disabled. She continued to perform in Branson, Missouri and received a lifetime achievement award from KMBZ in 1996. 
Nelson died in Springfield, Missouri on January 27, 2010, aged 78, following a long illness, and was buried at White Chapel Memorial Gardens in Springfield. She is survived by her widower, Ed Melton; and a sister, Mary Lou Ritchie.

</doc>
<doc id="19281766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281766" title="Millsite Rock Art">
Millsite Rock Art

Millsite is a pictograph area in south-central Utah, USA in the San Rafael Swell, four miles west of the town of Ferron. There are four main rock faces, called panels, in the Millsite area, which were utilized for pictographic art.
Description.
The Fremont Indians painted and chiseled the rock surface away, leaving their stories. The first panel is on a hill and is mostly unknown. It used to be filled with detailed writings but now there are only a few left, but they still have great detail. Each subject has eyes, noses and even mouths, which is more common with the more recent Indians. The second panel is full of delicately carved petroglyphs, with subjects ranging from odd shapes to deer and people. The third panel is full of Fremont petroglyphs, most of which are not easily identified. Without crossing the stream, you can only see a few writings with the naked eye. The fourth and final panel is moderately known. People from all over the state of Utah come to see this panel, but many often miss most of the writings. Because of the lack of visits to these, they are in extraordinary shape, and are still a deep red color and very detailed. The petroglyphs are also in great condition, some reaching up to five feet tall.

</doc>
<doc id="19281769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281769" title="Highball Wilson">
Highball Wilson

Howard Paul "Highball" Wilson (August 9, 1878 – October 16, 1934) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or parts of four seasons in Major League Baseball, including a stint on the infamous 1899 Cleveland Spiders.
Wilson made just one appearance for the Spiders, pitching a complete game and losing. He spent the 1900 and 1901 seasons with the Norwich Witches of the Connecticut State League, then resurfaced with the Philadelphia Athletics in 1902. During his brief stint in the A's rotation, he compiled a 7–5 record, helping the team to the American League pennant.
In 1903, he pitched for the Washington Senators, posting a decent 3.31 ERA but losing 18 games for a bad team. His career ended the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="19281800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281800" title="Cheng Yuanzhen">
Cheng Yuanzhen

Cheng Yuanzhen (程元振) (died 764?) was a eunuch official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. He was exceedingly powerful early in the reign of Emperor Daizong and was said to, in his attempts to consolidate his power, have killed or demoted a number of key generals and officials on his own whim, and thus drew the hatred from the other officials and generals. In 763, he was blamed for not warning Emperor Daizong about the Tufan invasion that eventually caused the capital Chang'an to fall to Tufan forces, forcing Emperor Daizong to flee. Emperor Daizong exiled him, and he died in exile.
Background.
Cheng Yuanzhen was from Jingzhao Municipality (京兆) -- the special municipality centered around the Tang capital Chang'an. He was a eunuch from his youth and served at the eunuch bureau (內侍省, "Neishi Sheng"), eventually rising to be the commander of the imperial guard archer corps (內射生使, "Nei Shesheng Shi") as well as the deputy director of the imperial stables, under the powerful eunuch Li Fuguo, late in the reign of Emperor Suzong.
Rise to power.
In summer 762, Emperor Suzong was seriously ill, near death. By this point, Emperor Suzong's wife Empress Zhang, who was previously allied with Li Fuguo, was no longer allied with him, and she tried to enter into an alliance with Emperor Suzong's son (not her son) the crown prince Li Yu, to kill Li Fuguo and Cheng Yuanzhen and seize power. Li Yu declined, and she then entered into an alliance with Li Yu's younger brother Li Xi (李係) the Prince of Yue, trying to lay a trap for Li Fuguo (and possibly Li Yu). When she issued an edict in Emperor Suzong's name summoning Li Yu, Cheng found out about her plan and detained Li Yu, escorting him to the imperial guard headquarters. He and Li Fuguo then led troops into the palace and arrested Empress Zhang and Li Xi. Upon Emperor Suzong's death, Li Fuguo executed Empress Zhang, Li Xi, and Li Xian (李僩) the Prince of Yan, and then declared Li Yu emperor (as Emperor Daizong).
For two months early in Emperor Daizong's reign, Li Fuguo was exceedingly powerful, so much so that he was telling Emperor Daizong not to bother with any thing and just let him handle the matters of state, and Emperor Daizong gave him chancellor title, as well as several other honorific titles. Cheng was made a commanding general of the imperial guards, but was not satisfied, as he wanted to take over Li Fuguo's power, and therefore he secretly plotted with Emperor Daizong. With cooperation from Cheng, later in summer 762, Emperor Daizong, while creating Li Fuguo a prince, stripped Li Fuguo of his military command and transferred it to Cheng. Li Fuguo was subsequently assassinated on Emperor Daizong's orders, and Emperor Daizong and Cheng governed together.
It was said that Cheng was suspicious and jealous of the senior generals and officials and did what he could to strip them of power. For example, he was jealous of Guo Ziyi and often criticized him before Emperor Daizong, leading Guo, who was fearful of the situation, to resign his command and remain at Chang'an. When the senior official Pei Mian had disagreements with Cheng, Cheng had Pei demoted to the remote Shi Prefecture (施州, roughly modern Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Hubei). Meanwhile, he sometimes made requests of the general Lai Tian (來瑱) -- the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei), which Lai rejected, and thus he was resentful of Lai. In 763, while Lai was at Chang'an, he and his associate Wang Zhongsheng (王仲升), who was also resentful of Lai, jointly falsely accused Lai of treason. Lai was exiled and, on the way to exile, was ordered to commit suicide. Cheng also disliked the major general Li Guangbi and often submitted reports against Li Guangbi. The general Li Huairang (李懷讓), the military governor of Tonghua Circuit (同華, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), was also falsely accused by Cheng and committed suicide in fear in 763. It was said that given these incidents, all of the generals felt insecure and alienated from the imperial government. Despite this, Cheng was still arrogant and believed that he could grab more power.
Downfall.
Throughout the spring and summer of 763, Tufan forces were progressively attacking and capturing Tang prefectures to the west of Chang'an. It was said that despite the generals' urgent requests for aid, Cheng Yuanzhen did not relay the requests to Emperor Daizong. By winter 763, Tufan forces were approaching Chang'an; only then did Emperor Daizong realize the seriousness of the Tufan threat and commission Guo Ziyi to resist Tufan. When Emperor Daizong issued an edict to the various circuits ordering emergency aid, however, the generals refused to respond, and Guo could not quickly gather troops large enough to resist Tufan forces. Emperor Daizong was forced to abandon Chang'an and flee to Shan Prefecture (陝州, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan).
The imperial officials who followed Emperor Daizong to Shan Prefecture blamed the disaster on Cheng—in both his failure to alert Emperor Daizong as to the seriousness of the Tufan threat and his alienation of the generals, causing a lack of aid to arrive. The imperial scholar Liu Kang (柳伉) submitted a harshly worded petition, asking that Cheng be executed. Emperor Daizong, however, remembering how Cheng had protected him in the past, declined to do so. He did, however, remove Cheng from his offices and order that he return home.
When Emperor Daizong returned to Chang'an around the new year 764, Cheng heard the news. Putting on women's clothing in disguise, he secretly entered Chang'an and plotted to return to power. He was arrested by the Jingzhao Municipality government, and the imperial censors subsequently submitted an indictment against him. In spring 764, Emperor Daizong exiled him to Zhen Prefecture (榛州, in modern Chongqing), but soon changed the location of exile to the more prosperous city of Jiangling. Cheng died there, in exile, shortly after arriving there.

</doc>
<doc id="19281826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281826" title="Manulea">
Manulea

Manulea is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. The type species is "Lithosia gilveola" Ochsenheimer, 1810 (="palliatella" Scopoli, 1763).
Species.
Subgenus "Manulea" Wallengren, 1863 <br>
"complana" species group
"lutarella" species group
"minor" species group
"pygmaeola" species group
Subgenus "Setema" de Freina et Witt, 1980
Subgenus "Agenjoa" Dubatolov et Zolotuhin, 2011
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281830" title="Backsticking">
Backsticking

Backsticking is a snare drum technique characterized by swinging the butt of the drumstick to play the drum. There are many different methods. The most common method is executed simply by turning the right wrist upward sharply at a 90 degree angle. Backsticking is typically only practiced among marching drum corps or drumlines, rather than concert or orchestral snare drummers. Notable users of backsticking include Jeff Queen, of the Broadway musical Blast!.
It appears that champion drummer A.R. Carrington had mastered backsticking (at least right-handed backsticking) and a few other tricks not seen recently (e.g., a 5-stick solo) as early as the 1870s as depicted in the bottom middle image of this collage from that period.
See "Was Carrington Backsticking in the 1870s?"
Also, see "Backsticking -- A Drumming Technique Institutionalized by John Dowlan".

</doc>
<doc id="19281831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281831" title="Marecidia">
Marecidia

Marecidia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281836" title="Marsypophora">
Marsypophora

Marsypophora is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281838" title="Zechariah Bettis">
Zechariah Bettis

Zechariah Lawrence Bettis (June 12, 1816 – September 23, 1879) was an American politician who served as the Probate Judge of Clarke County, Alabama during the American Civil War. He was born in Edgefield, South Carolina and was a part of a migration from Edgefield County to Clarke County. In 1856, he was elected the Probate Judge of Clarke County. Under the constitution of the time, the Probate Judge was the chief executive official of an Alabama county. He remained in this office until 1866. He died in Grove Hill, Alabama in 1879. 
He was 1st cousins, once separated with John Cranford who served as President Pro Tempore of the Texas Senate, later serving a term in Congress. His wife, Elizabeth Talbert, was second cousins with South Carolina Congressman W. Jasper Talbert, who represented Edgefield in Congress, and he was third cousins, once separated with Reps. Henry Swearingen of Ohio and Thomas Van Swearingen of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19281844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281844" title="Maurica">
Maurica

Maurica is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family from North-Western Africa. Originally one species more was included into the genus, "M. bellieri" (Lederer, 1855) from the Near East; but later it was returned into the genus "Ocnogyna".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281848" title="Mazaeras">
Mazaeras

Mazaeras is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281856" title="Megalobosia">
Megalobosia

Megalobosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Megalobosia recurviloba, which is found in New Guinea.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281860" title="Meganaclia">
Meganaclia

Meganaclia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281864" title="Katy Perry discography">
Katy Perry discography

The discography of Katy Perry, an American singer-songwriter and musician, consists of four studio albums, one live album, one extended play (EP), nineteen singles as a solo artist, as well as three as a featured artist, and three promotional singles. In February 2001, at the age of sixteen, Perry released a self-titled gospel album under her birth name Katy Hudson, which failed to chart in any music market. She subsequently met producer Glen Ballard in September 2002 one month before her eighteenth birthday and signed with record label Island Def Jam; the album they worked on was scheduled to be released on August 18, 2005, but ended up being cancelled. In 2004, she signed to Columbia Records and started work on her third album, but was dropped again before it could be released. Perry eventually signed to Capitol in April 2007 and released her second album, "One of the Boys", in June 2008.
A promotional single, "Ur So Gay", was released in November 2007 as form of promotion to generate an internet buzz around the artist. The lead single of "One of the Boys", "I Kissed a Girl", was released in late April 2008 and topped the charts around the world, including the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States, as well as the charts in Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. The album was released in June and debuted at number nine on the "Billboard" 200, later being certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). "Hot n Cold" was released as the next single and also topped the charts in Canada, Germany, and the Netherlands. Both "I Kissed a Girl" and "Hot n Cold" were certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA. Subsequent singles from the album include "Thinking of You" and "Waking Up in Vegas", the latter of which reached number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Throughout 2009 and 2010, Perry was featured on two singles. The first was on Colorado-based band 3OH!3's song "Starstrukk", and the second was a collaboration with Timbaland on "If We Ever Meet Again", from his album "Shock Value II". Both singles reached the top ten in Australia, Ireland, and the UK. Perry also performed for "MTV Unplugged" and a live album of the performance was released in November 2009.
"Teenage Dream", Perry's third studio album, was released in August 2010 and debuted at number one in the United States, Australia, Canada, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. The album saw the release of six singles, five of which – "California Gurls", which features rapper Snoop Dogg, "Teenage Dream", "Firework", "E.T." (featuring rapper Kanye West) and "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)" – topped charts around the world. The five singles all reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and with this accomplishment Perry became the first woman and only the second artist next to Michael Jackson to attain five number-one singles from one album. The album was re-released in March 2012 with the singles "Part of Me", which became her sixth number one and seventh top-ten hit from this album as well as the final single "Wide Awake", which reached the top ten of multiple countries worldwide including peaking at number two in the U.S.
In November 2012, Katy Perry began working on her fourth studio album "Prism", describing the record as having "darker elements". The album was preceded by the lead single, "Roar", reaching number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and marking Perry's eight number one single in the US. The song also reached number one in other countries, including Canada, Australia, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. In the UK, "Roar" became one of the fastest-selling singles, selling over 600,000 copies within a month of its release and has since been certified platinum. "Unconditionally" was released as the album's second single on October 16, 2013. "Prism" was released on October 18, 2013, and became an international success, debuting at number one in a number of countries including Australia, Canada, Ireland, United Kingdom and the United States. The album also produced promotional singles "Dark Horse" and "Walking on Air". Later "Dark Horse" was released as the third official single, reaching the top ten in 13 countries including, the UK and Ireland. It also reached the top spot on the "Billboard Hot 100" respectively, making it her ninth US number one.
Katy Perry has sold 49,897,000 digital singles and 4,333,000 albums in the United States. Perry is also the best selling digital singles artist in US according to RIAA. As of October 2013, Perry had sold roughly over 11 million albums and 81 million singles worldwide and her singles are some of the best-selling worldwide, and she currently holds the record for most 5-million-sellers singles in the United States, with 5 of her singles reaching the achievement (in order of release date: "Hot n Cold", "California Gurls", "Firework", "E.T." - remix version featuring Kanye West, "Roar").

</doc>
<doc id="19281868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281868" title="Melanaema">
Melanaema

Melanaema is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Melanaema venata".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281874" title="Melanonaclia">
Melanonaclia

Melanonaclia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281878" title="Melastrota">
Melastrota

Melastrota is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281886" title="Melese">
Melese

Melese is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19281887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281887" title="Shooting Star (Temple novel)">
Shooting Star (Temple novel)

Shooting Star (1999) is a Ned Kelly Award winning novel by Australian author Peter Temple. 
Dedication.
"For Nicholas - with thanks for all the joy."
Notes.
This novel has also been published in Germany (in 2008 by Bertelsmann) and Poland (in 2009 by Amber).

</doc>
<doc id="19281889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281889" title="Melisa">
Melisa

Melisa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281896" title="Melisoides">
Melisoides

Melisoides is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains only one species, Melisoides lobata, which is found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Equatorial Guinea.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281897" title="Saana – Warrior of Light Pt 1">
Saana – Warrior of Light Pt 1

Saana - Warrior of Light is Timo Tolkki's third solo album released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19281899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281899" title="Mellamastus">
Mellamastus

Mellamastus is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Mellamastus nero".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281907" title="Mellona (moth)">
Mellona (moth)

Mellona is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Mellona blanda".
Note by V.V. Dubatolov.
Mellona belongs to Lithosiinae after Holloway (2001).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281913" title="Melora (moth)">
Melora (moth)

Melora is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Melora amygdaloides".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281917" title="Meneclia">
Meneclia

Meneclia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Meneclia pallidula".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281921" title="Menegites">
Menegites

Menegites is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281922" title="New South Wales Z13 class locomotive">
New South Wales Z13 class locomotive

The Z13 class was a class of steam locomotive built for and operated by the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
Due to a shortage of suburban engines in the Sydney area and the availability of surplus C79 class tender engines, it was decided to experimentally convert one of the tender locomotives to a tank type engine in 1896. The conversion proved successful and twenty had been converted at Eveleigh Railway Workshops by 1902. In 1924 the class was renumbered becoming the Z13 class.
Following the delivery of C30 class locomotives from 1903, they were transferred to Newcastle suburban traffic and when replaced there, were allocated minor roles such as working the Carlingford, Morpeth and Warren branches. Two were sold to East Greta Mining & Railway Company, one to Ashtonfields Colliery, Thornton and a fourth scrapped.
In later years their main duties were working of the Ballina branch, the Picton-Mittagong Loop line, the Yass Town branch and school trains on the upper North Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="19281930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281930" title="Mesenochroa">
Mesenochroa

Mesenochroa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281934" title="Mesocerea">
Mesocerea

Mesocerea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281944" title="Mesothen (moth)">
Mesothen (moth)

Mesothen is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281952" title="Metacrias">
Metacrias

Metacrias is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. All species are endemic to New Zealand.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281960" title="Metacrisia">
Metacrisia

Metacrisia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281961" title="Metacrisiodes">
Metacrisiodes

Metacrisiodes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281964" title="Metacrocea">
Metacrocea

Metacrocea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Metacrocea postflava".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281966" title="Metagylla">
Metagylla

Metagylla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Metagylla miroides".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281967" title="Blackberry Farm (books)">
Blackberry Farm (books)

Blackberry Farm is a series of children's literature stories. They were written by Jane Pilgrim, and first published around 1950. The original books were illustrated in colour by F Stocks May. Published by The Brockhampton Press of Leicester, they originally retailed at One Shilling and Sixpence.
The series described events on a fictional farm, Blackberry Farm, situated on the outskirts of an unnamed English village. The farm, seemingly a sheep and dairy property, is owned by Mr and Mrs Smiles, who have two children, Joy and Bob, but the central characters of the stories are various animals. Most of the animals, although depicted at their normal size, appear to speak English and interact with the human characters.
The series of stories include:

</doc>
<doc id="19281971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281971" title="Koolhoven F.K.48">
Koolhoven F.K.48

__NOTOC__
The Koolhoven F.K.48 was an airliner built in the Netherlands in 1934 for KLM. It was a conventional, semi-cantilever high-wing monoplane, powered by two engines mounted on the wing leading edges. The undercarriage was of fixed, tailskid type with divided main units. The fuselage was of welded steel tube construction, covered in fabric, which was oval in cross section at the nose, transitioning to a rectangular cross-section for the passenger cabin. The wings were wooden structures skinned in plywood. 
The sole example built was registered PH-AJX and therefore quickly gained the nickname "Ajax". It was used by KLM on the Rotterdam-Eindhoven route until 1936, when it was retired to training and instructional duties within the airline.

</doc>
<doc id="19281992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281992" title="Metallosia">
Metallosia

Metallosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19281998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19281998" title="Metaloba">
Metaloba

Metaloba is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282000" title="Wishbone's Dog Days of the West">
Wishbone's Dog Days of the West

"Wishbone's Dog Days of the West" is a feature-length telefilm that aired on PBS on March 13, 1998. It was shot in Galisteo and Santa Fe, New Mexico. A tornado touched down one mile from the film crew as they were shooting the western scenes. This rotating windstorm dissipated as it headed toward the set. Apache Mexican American actor Adan Sanchez appeared as the mailman, Dan Bloodgood. His earlier role on that series was Lee Natonabah in its episode "Dances with Dogs", a parody title of Dances with Wolves. He died three months later in Albuquerque. The film was released to video on June 9, 1998.
Plot.
Long Bill Longley and his best friend, Tom Merwin (Brent Anderson), team up to stop a bad guy named Calliope Catesby. Meanwhile, a sneaky TV reporter tries to make Wanda Gilmore (Angee Hughes) seem as if she's the town tyrant. It is up to Wishbone and his friends to come to Wanda's rescue.
It starts out with Joe and Wishbone going to a fair. Kids are singing on stage; the stage falls, but not before Wanda saves the children. The reporter "congratulates" her.
Reception.
The movie won a Daytime Emmy for "Outstanding Art Direction/Set Decoration/Scenic Design" in 1998. It was nominated for a Daytime Emmy for "Outstanding Costume Design/Styling", "Outstanding Directing in a Children's Special", and "Outstanding Main Title Design" in 1998. A Common Sense Media review says, "The pleasing visuals and fast-moving, double-trouble plots make Dog Days of the West one of the best in the Wishbone series. The value of friendship is emphasized in this episode; the show exposes children to O. Henry's short stories and infuses the traditional western with an updated perspective. As unlikely as it seems, Wishbone's wild west fable blends nicely with the contemporary story of a TV reporter running roughshod over one of Oakdale's finest citizens. With two fast moving plots, finely drawn characters and exciting historical visuals, Dog Days of the West will keep kids, and many adults, glued to the screen".

</doc>
<doc id="19282004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282004" title="Metalobosia">
Metalobosia

Metalobosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282005" title="Leopold Greville, 6th Earl of Warwick">
Leopold Greville, 6th Earl of Warwick

Leopold Guy Francis Maynard Greville, 6th Earl of Warwick MVO (10 September 1882 – 31 January 1928), styled Lord Brooke between 1893 and 1924, was a British soldier.
Background and education.
Greville was the son of Francis Greville, 5th Earl of Warwick, and was educated at Eton. He eventually ran away from Eton, supposedly selling his fur coat and gun to travel to join the Second Boer War. 
He succeeded his father in the earldom in January 1924.
Military service.
Lord Brooke fought in the Second Boer War (1899–1901). He was promoted to 2nd Lieutenant in the Life Guards on 3 November 1900. From August 1901 he served as Aide-de-Camp to Lord Milner, High Commissioner for South Africa, an appointment he held until the conclusion of the war in 1902. He was also a Reuters correspondent during the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905). In 1907 he was Aide-de-Camp to the Inspector-General of the Forces. In 1905 he was appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order (MVO).
During the First World War he was Aide-de-Camp to the General Officer Commanding of the British Expeditionary Force from 1914 until 1915. He was then promoted to Brigadier General later that year and commanded 4th Canadian Infantry Brigade and then 12th Canadian Infantry Brigade until 1918.
Letters and passports indicate that Leopold was present in Russia during 1917, and was probably a witness to the beginnings of the Russian Revolution. However, there is no comprehensive records as to the reasons of his visit, which has sparked many rumors surrounding his involvement as a Spy for the Russian or British Royal Family.
Death.
Much speculation and rumor surrounds the demise of Leopold and his premature death in 1928. It has been suggested that Leopold suffered with the horrific bouts of Shell Shock after his return from World War One, which was later fueled by severe alcohol addiction. In his final years he moved out of Warwick Castle to live with a mistress in Mill Street, Warwick. He eventually died in Brighton, where he was being treated for his illness. It is likely that his family tried to cover up his time spent in re-rehabilitation clinics, in fear of further scandal.
Family.
Lord Warwick married Elfrida Marjorie Eden. They had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="19282006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282006" title="Metamicroptera">
Metamicroptera

Metamicroptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282011" title="Metamya">
Metamya

Metamya is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>
I

</doc>
<doc id="19282019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282019" title="Metarctia">
Metarctia

Metarctia is a genus of moth in the family Erebidae, subfamily of Arctiinae.
Taxonomy.
"Collocaliodes" was established as a subgenus of "Metarctia".
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282021" title="Metareva">
Metareva

Metareva is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282024" title="Clara, Mississippi">
Clara, Mississippi

Clara is an unincorporated community in Wayne County, Mississippi, United States. It is located at (31.5804410, -88.6964273).

</doc>
<doc id="19282025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282025" title="Haloplasma">
Haloplasma

Haloplasma contractile is a halophilic, cell wall-less bacterium. It is the only known representative of a deep lineage, and is classified in its own family (Haloplasmataceae) and order (Haloplasmatales), in the class Mollicutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19282027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282027" title="Jabir Herbert Muhammad">
Jabir Herbert Muhammad

Jabir Herbert Muhammad (April 16, 1929 – August 25, 2008) was an American businessman and co founder of "Top Rank, Inc." also longtime manager of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali.
Muhammad was born in Detroit, Michigan, as the third son of the late Nation of Islam leader, Elijah Muhammad. He served as a chief adviser to his father until his death in 1975. He also worked as the chief business manager for the Nation of Islam and he along with Malcolm X founded their weekly newspaper. Jabir Herbert Muhammad was a staunch supporter of his brother, Imam Warith Deen Muhammad, who he followed into mainstream Islam. He, along with Muhammad Ali and others, built Masjid Al-Fatir, a stand-alone, purpose-built Masjid on the southside of Chicago, Illinois. Masjid Al-Fatir was one of the first Mosques built from the ground by Muslim Americans, especially African American Muslims.
Jabir Muhammad was the director and founder of the Muhammad Islamic Foundation a not for profit foundation which published the book "Prayer and Al-Islam" by Imam Warith Deen Mohammed in 1984.
Muhammad managed Muhammad Ali's professional boxing career from 1966 until Ali's retirement in 1981. He continued to manage Ali's career for another ten years after his retirement from boxing. Muhammad then went on to a successful career in business.
Jabir Herbert Muhammad died on August 25, 2008, at the University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois, at the age of 79, after undergoing heart surgery. Muhammad was survived by his wife, Amenah Antonia Muhammad, and fourteen children.

</doc>
<doc id="19282029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282029" title="Metastatia">
Metastatia

Metastatia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282035" title="Metaxanthia">
Metaxanthia

Metaxanthia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282043" title="Meterythrosia">
Meterythrosia

Meterythrosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Meterythrosia sangala".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282049" title="Meteugoa">
Meteugoa

Meteugoa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282062" title="Meteura">
Meteura

Meteura is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282067" title="Metexelisia">
Metexelisia

Metexelisia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282070" title="Methysia">
Methysia

Methysia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282074" title="Elisabeth Bennington">
Elisabeth Bennington

Elisabeth "Lisa" Bennington was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 21st District. She was elected in 2006. She retired prior to the 2008 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19282077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282077" title="Mevania (moth)">
Mevania (moth)

Mevania is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282087" title="Micragrella">
Micragrella

Micragrella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282092" title="Micragyrta">
Micragyrta

Micragyrta is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Micragyrta diminuta".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282094" title="Robin Maxwell (author)">
Robin Maxwell (author)

Robin Maxwell (born February 26, 1948) is an American historical novelist who specializes in the Tudor period. She is also a screenwriter and political blogger.
Maxwell was raised in Plainfield, New Jersey, and graduated from Tufts University. She and her husband Max, live in Pioneertown, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19282100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282100" title="Micralarctia">
Micralarctia

Micralarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282103" title="Micrarctia">
Micrarctia

Micrarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It includes a single species M. trigona (Leech) from Chinese Qinghai and Sichuan. In the 20th century this genus name was used for many small tiger-moths from different subtribes, later separated into own genera: "Palearctia", "Sibirarctia", "Sinoarctia", "Lithosarctia", "Sinowatsonia".

</doc>
<doc id="19282112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282112" title="Micrilema">
Micrilema

Micrilema is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Micrilema craushayi, which is found in Lesotho and South Africa.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282117" title="Microbergeria">
Microbergeria

Microbergeria is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Microbergeria luctuosa".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282118" title="Microgiton">
Microgiton

Microgiton is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282124" title="USS Raccoon">
USS Raccoon

USS "Raccoon" has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19282125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282125" title="Microhyle">
Microhyle

Microhyle is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282135" title="Micrommia">
Micrommia

Micrommia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Micrommia jugifera".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282137" title="Lynn Ferguson">
Lynn Ferguson

Lynn Ferguson (born 11 April 1965) is a Scottish writer, actress, comedian and presenter. She is the sister of comedian Craig Ferguson and is known for voicing the character of Mac in the animated film, "Chicken Run".
Early life.
Ferguson grew up in Cumbernauld. She was the youngest of four and, like her sister, was Senior Prefect at Cumbernauld High School. She left school at the age of 18 and worked one season as a Bluecoat for Pontin's. She was then accepted at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama where she gained a BA in Dramatic Studies in 1986.
To work as a professional actress, however, she required an Equity union card which was at that point only available through paid work, so with fellow student Carolyn Bonnyman she formed the Alexander Sisters - a comedy double act in honour of / parodying traditional Scottish variety styles typified by the Alexander Brothers. She was then side tracked into standup comedy doing her first paid gig on STV’s Funny Farm. Before long she gained residence as compere at the Red Rose Comedy Club in Finsbury Park, London and continued to perform at numerous gigs throughout the UK.
Though a standup comic at night, Ferguson was also writing and presenting for BBC Scotland’s children’s program "Megamag". She played a comedy character journalist Fergski who blundered through interviewing teen artists of that era - Ant & Dec, Aswad (band) and Michelle Gayle. In one episode a spritely Phill Jupitus dresses as a security guard stops Fergski interviewing East 17 at the now defunct "Top of the Pops" set.
In 1995, she was commissioned to write an hour of standup comedy for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival but instead wrote her first play, "Heart and Sole". This solo show won her the Stage Award for Acting Excellence and transferred to the Hampstead Theatre before being toured to Hong Kong and Melbourne.
She is married to Mark Tweddle, a civil servant and previously a management consultant. The couple have two sons .
Career.
Writer.
Ferguson has written extensively for BBC Radio 4:
three series (18 episodes) of the popular sitcom "Millport", various pieces for "Woman's Hour" including a series of updated fairy tales called "After Happy Ever" alongside afternoon plays and late night standup monologues.
For BBC Radio Scotland she wrote and presented a series exploring the minds of comedy writers, "Laughed Off the Page", interviewing Colin Bostock-Smith, Galton and Simpson, Ian Pattison, Dick Vosburgh.
For TV, she has written half-hour pilots for BBC Two and BBC Scotland and a half-hour short film for Channel 4.
A regular contributor to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, eight of her plays have been produced there and she has won a Fringe First Award from The Scotsman.
As well as her performance pieces, she has written various columns for publications including "The Scotsman", "The Stage", "Time Out", "The Big Issue" and "The Herald (Glasgow)".
She wrote for "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson", her brother's American chat programme, from October 2008 till June 2011 and was a writing consultant for Pixar on "Brave (2012 film)".
Actress.
As well as winning the Stage Award for Acting Excellence she has been nominated twice. In addition to her own written works, she has performed in theatre extensively.
Ferguson toured with the Royal National Theatre in the lead part, Shen Te/ Shui Ta, of the Bertolt Brecht play "The Good Person of Szechwan" and played the lead in the Traverse Theatre production of Douglas Maxwell’s "Melody".
Vocally, she has numerous credits for radio works and notably played Mac in the film "Chicken Run".
For TV she performed regular parts for the Channel 4, comedy drama "No Angels" and Ben Elton’s BBC1 sitcom "Blessed", as well as appearances in "The Catherine Tate Show" and "The Bill" amongst others.
Ferguson has film credits for "Honest" and "Chicken Run".
As herself.
Ferguson has presented a number of programs including, "Doing the Festival" for STV and "XS", an arts program for the BBC.
In addition, she has been a contestant on the challenging BBC Radio 4 panel game shows "Just a Minute", "Loose Ends" and "Banter".
In April and September 2008, she made guest appearances on her brother Craig's talk show, "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson".
Director / Producer.
On 1 March 2012 Lynn started uploading videos to her TodayThis channel on YouTube. This video project is called ThisDayToday and is loosely based on Google Doodle, creating short comedy videos based on today in history. On 28 February 2013 Lynn and her husband had created a video for every day of the year; a collection that they continue to add to.

</doc>
<doc id="19282138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282138" title="Micronaclia">
Micronaclia

Micronaclia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19282139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282139" title="Raised on Whipped Cream">
Raised on Whipped Cream

Raised on Whipped Cream is a 2004 studio album by punk rock musical artists Killradio, released on the Columbia label. It featured the single "Do You Know (Knife in Your Back)," which also had a music video. The music revolves around a broad range of social commentary (i.e., from criticism of the Iraq war to modern radio programming).
Track listing.
All songs written by Killradio

</doc>
<doc id="19282140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282140" title="Microstola">
Microstola

Microstola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Microstola ammoscia".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282146" title="Microtane">
Microtane

Microtane is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Microtane fusca".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282150" title="Midara">
Midara

Midara is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282154" title="Migoplastis">
Migoplastis

Migoplastis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Species.
It contains the following species:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282156" title="Miltasura">
Miltasura

Miltasura is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. The genus consists of only one species Miltasura celebensis, which can be found on Celebes in Indonesia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282161" title="Miltochrista">
Miltochrista

Miltochrista is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282166" title="Mimagyrta">
Mimagyrta

Mimagyrta is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282177" title="Mumulosia">
Mumulosia

Mumulosia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282178" title="Flour Exchange Building">
Flour Exchange Building

The Flour Exchange Building is an office building in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota designed by architects Long and Kees, who also designed Minneapolis City Hall and the Lumber Exchange Building. Construction originally began in 1892, but halted abruptly in 1893 after only four floors had been built. This was due to the effects of the Panic of 1893. Construction resumed later, and the building was completed in 1909 with eleven stories. The building is generally in the Chicago school, using a relatively straightforward approach without a lot of historic details. The modern influence of this style later influenced the Butler Square building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19282182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282182" title="Mintopola">
Mintopola

Mintopola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282192" title="Mithuna (moth)">
Mithuna (moth)

Mithuna is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282205" title="Monosyntaxis">
Monosyntaxis

Monosyntaxis is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282215" title="Mulona">
Mulona

Mulona is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19282216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282216" title="Munona">
Munona

Munona is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282220" title="Muxta">
Muxta

Muxta is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Muxta xanthopa".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282224" title="Mydromera">
Mydromera

Mydromera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282235" title="Myopsyche">
Myopsyche

Myopsyche is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Species.
Species in this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="19282236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282236" title="Chloroflexi (phylum)">
Chloroflexi (phylum)

The Chloroflexi or Chlorobacteria, known colloquially as Green non-sulfur bacteria, are a phylum of bacteria containing isolates with a diversity of phenotypes including members that are aerobic thermophiles, which use oxygen and grow well in high temperatures, anoxygenic phototrophs, which use light for photosynthesis, and anaerobic halorespirers, which uses halogenated organics (such as the toxic chlorinated ethenes and polychlorinated biphenyls) as energy sources.
Whereas most Bacteria, in terms of diversity, are diderms and stain Gram negative with the exception of the "Firmicutes" (low CG Gram positives), "Actinobacteria" (high CG gram positives) and the Deinococcus-Thermus group (Gram positive, but diderms with thick peptidoglycan), the members of the phylum Chloroflexi are monoderms and stain mostly Gram negative.
History.
In 1987, Carl Woese, regarded as the forerunner of the molecular phylogeny revolution, divided Eubacteria into 11 divisions based on 16S ribosomal RNA (SSU) sequences and grouped the genera "Chloroflexus", "Herpetosiphon" and "Thermomicrobium" into the "Green non-sulfur bacteria and relatives", which was temporarily renamed as "Chloroflexi" in Volume One of Bergey's Manual of Systematic Bacteriology.
Being a deep branching phylum (cf. Bacterial phyla) its classification was analysed in Volume One of Bergey's Manual of Systematic Bacteriology and included a single class with the same name, the class "Chloroflexi". Since 2001 however, new classes have been created thanks to newly discovered species, therefore currently the phylum "Chloroflexi" is divided into:
Regarding the class "Dehalococcoidetes", the placeholder name was given by Hugenholtz & Stackebrandt, 2004, after "Dehalococcoides ethenogenes" a partially described species in 1997, whereas the first species fully described was "Dehalogenimonas lykanthroporepellens" by Moe et al. 2009, but in the description of that species the class was not made official nor were families or orders laid out as the two species share only 90% 16S identity, meaning that they could fall in different families or even orders.
Recent phylogenetic analysis of the Chloroflexi has found very weak support for the grouping together of the different classes currently part of the phylum. The six classes that make up the phylum did not consistently form a well-supported monophyletic clade in phylogenetic trees based on concatenated sequences for large datasets of proteins and no conserved signature indels were identified that were uniquely shared by the entire phylum. However, the classes “Chloroflexi” and Thermomicrobia were found to group together consistently by both the usual phylogenetic means and the identification of shared conserved signature indels in the 50S ribosomal protein L19 and the enzyme UDP-glucose 4-epimerase. It has been suggested that the phylum Chloroflexi “"sensu stricto"” should comprise only the classes Chloroflexi and Thermomicrobia, and the other four classes (“Dehalococcoidetes,” Anaerolineae, Caldilineae and Ktedonobacteria) may represent one or more independent phyla branching in the neighborhood of the Chloroflexi.
Phylogeny.
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature (LPSN) and National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI)
and the phylogeny is based on 16S rRNA-based LTP release 111 by 'The All-Species Living Tree' Project 
Notes: 
♠ Strains found at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) but not listed in the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature (LSPN).
♪ Prokaryotes where no pure (axenic) cultures are isolated or available, i. e. not cultivated or can not be sustained in culture for more than a few serial passages.
Etymology.
The name ""Chloroflexi"" is a Neolatin nominative case masculine plural of "Chloroflexus", which the name of the first genus described. The noun is a combination of the Greek adjective "chloros, -a, on (χλωρός, -ά, -όν)" meaning "greenish-yellow" and the Latin masculine passive perfect participle "flexus" (of "flecto") meaning "bent" to mean "a green bending". It should be therefore noted that the etymology is not due to chlorine, an element (dephlogisticated muriatic acid air) which was confirmed as such in 1810 by Sir Humphry Davy and named after its pale green colour. Another phylum with the same root is "Chlorobi", whereas "Cyanobacteria" has the root "cyanos (κύανος)" meaning "blue-green"
Unlike some other phyla, there is no theme root in the name of genera of Chloroflexi and in fact many genera beginning with ""Chloro-"" or ending in ""-chloris"" are either cyanobacteria or chlorobi.

</doc>
<doc id="19282240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282240" title="Myrmecopsis">
Myrmecopsis

Myrmecopsis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19282248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282248" title="Mystrocneme">
Mystrocneme

Mystrocneme is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19282255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282255" title="Good Americans (EP)">
Good Americans (EP)

Their first studio release in four years. Jasten King has since left the band, and has begun playing in Nancy Fullforce along with Duke, who still remains in Killradio as well. It will have a Mid September under Nine 12 Records and will feature some acoustic versions of old songs like 'Feeding The Rich" or "Where Go We."
Track listing.
All songs written by Killradio

</doc>
<doc id="19282256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282256" title="E71">
E71

E71 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19282258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282258" title="Mikhail Mukasei">
Mikhail Mukasei

Mikhail Isaakovich Mukasei (August 13, 1907, Zamostsye, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire – August 19, 2008) was a Soviet spy codenamed Zephyr. 
Biography.
Mikhai Mukasei was born to a family of Jewish blacksmiths. When he was 18, he started studying at the Institute of Oriental Languages in Leningrad (now St. Petersburg, Russia) specializing in Bengali and English. In 1937 he was ordered by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union to study at the Intelligence School of the Workers' and Peasants' Red Army. 
In 1939 Mukasei, his wife Elizaveta Ivanovna Mukasei (née Emelianov, 1912–2009) and two children, moved to Los Angeles (USA) and began gathering military intelligence. His parents and other members of his family along with other Jews in the village of Zamosc were shot by Germans at the beginning of World War II. In 1943 Mukasei, his wife and children returned to Moscow and he was appointed deputy head of the Intelligence School.
From the 1940s through the 1970s, Mukasei, along with his wife Elizaveta (codenamed "Elza"), took part in a number of undercover operations in Western Europe and the United States.
Assigned to the Soviet diplomatic staff in the United States during the Second World War as vice consul in Los Angeles, Mukasei made use of his position to gather information on any threats to the Soviet Union posed by Imperial Japan. He continued his work in an undisclosed country in Western Europe from the 1950s to the late 1970s.
In 1977 Mukasei and his family returned to Moscow and began training spies. He wrote training manuals for reconnaissance work and was a professor at the Russian Academy of Security, Defense and Law Enforcement. In December, 2004, Mukasei published a book of their memoirs called Zephyr and Elsa in which they wrote about their thirty years of work and life abroad.
In the post-Soviet period, Mukasei was honored for his "outstanding contribution to ensuring the security of the Russian Federation."

</doc>
<doc id="19282262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282262" title="Chairlift (band)">
Chairlift (band)

Chairlift is an American synthpop duo. Based in Brooklyn, New York, Chairlift consists of members Caroline Polachek (songwriting, vocals, tambourine, synthesizer) and Patrick Wimberly (drums, bass guitar, keyboard, production).
History.
Chairlift formed initially as a project between Aaron Pfenning and Caroline Polachek at the University of Colorado in October 2005. The group intended to make background music for haunted houses. Along with bassist Kyle McCabe, Chairlift recorded the beginning of "Daylight Savings" EP at New Monkey Studio in Los Angeles, California in April 2006.
Chairlift relocated to Williamsburg, Brooklyn in August 2006 and signed to Kanine Records in June 2007. Patrick Wimberly joined the group in early 2007. They released their first full-length album, "Does You Inspire You", in 2008. The single "Evident Utensil" was nominated for an award in the "Breakthrough Video" category at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards.
Pfenning left Chairlift in 2010 to pursue his solo career in Rewards.
On September 7, 2011 they released the video to their single "Amanaemonesia" from their second album "Something".
For their 2012 single "Met Before" Chairlift created an interactive, choose-your-own-adventure video that Buzzfeed awarded the number one spot on its "23 Best Music Videos of 2012" end-of-year round up.
iPod commercial.
Their song "Bruises" was featured in the 2008 commercial that launched the fourth-generation iPod Nano.
Collaborations and Solo Projects.
Polachek was featured in the chillwave band Washed Out's single "You and I" (2010), in Acrylics' "Sparrow Song", in Flosstradamus' single "Big Bills", Holy Ghost!'s "I Know, I Hear", and Guards "Trophy Queen (feat. Caroline Polachek)". In 2010, she teamed up with Jorge Elbrecht of Brooklyn-based Violens to record a "sgin" of Justin Bieber's "Never Let You Go." "We went on youtube to find a video among the highest ranks of hits, and came across 'Never Let You Go.' Went on to make what we call a 'sgin' (anagram of the word 'sing')—an original song written specifically to synch into someone else's video on mute." In 2012, she sang with Ice Choir (solo project of Kurt Feldman of The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart) on the song Everything Is Spoilt By Use.
Chairlift collaborated with Das Racist on the song "Fashion Party", the tenth song on Das Racist's 2010 mixtape, Sit Down, Man.
Polachek also was featured in music videos. In 2007 she appeared in "Let Take Me Out" by Class Actress. In 2009 she appeared in "So Fine" by Telepathe.
In 2011, Wimberly produced multiple songs in American rap group Das Racist's album "Relax".
Polachek co-produced and wrote the fifth track, "No Angel", on "Beyoncé", Beyoncé's fifth solo studio album.
In 2014 Polachek announced that she would release a solo LP under the name Ramona Lisa. Titled "Arcadia," the album is set to be released in April 2014 on the labels Terrible in the US, Pannonica in Europe/Japan, and Mistletone in Australia/New Zealand. 

</doc>
<doc id="19282285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282285" title="Nirmal Udhas">
Nirmal Udhas

Nirmal Udhas is a ghazal singer and the second eldest brother of the Udhas brothers, the others being Manhar Udhas and Pankaj Udhas. They came from a humble background in Gujarat, India. Nirmal was born to Keshubhai Udhas and Jitubhen Udhas in Jetpur on 5 November 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="19282286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282286" title="Anhui University of Finance and Economics">
Anhui University of Finance and Economics

History.
Anhui University of Finance and Economics (AUFE), (Chinese: 安徽财经大学) is an institution of higher learning in Bengbu, Anhui Province of the People's Republic of China.
Under the leadership of the Anhui Provincial Government, the Anhui University of Finance and Economics (AUFE), founded in 1959 and originally named Anhui Institute of Finance and Trade, is now a university specializing in finance and economics, covering disciplines in economics, management, law, arts, sciences, engineering, and history. AUFE has been one of the first universities awarded the right to grant bachelor’s degrees and one of the second universities awarded the right to grant master’s degrees.
Educational environment.
Located in Bengbu City, center of the Huaihe River Basin, AUFE, with a total area of 701,000 square metres, comprises three campuses: Longhu Lake East, Longhu Lake West, and Jiaotong Road, with the Longhu Lake East Campus and the Longhu Lake West Campus on the two sides of the Longhu Lake, a national AAAA-class scenic district. Its library holds 1.8 million volumes, 0.52 million electronic volumes, and 1,700 Chinese and foreign periodicals. The university facilities include laboratories, research centers, swimming pools, gymnasia, and playgrounds.
Organization.
AUFE consists of thirteen schools, two departments, three university-affiliated and ten school-affiliated research institutions. The University awards bachelor's degrees in 41 academic disciplines, master's degrees in two Level I academic disciplines and 28 Level II academic disciplines. In addition, three special programs are offered: MBA, JM, master’s degrees for on-post college teachers. The university has four Key Research Bases at provincial or ministerial level, one A-class and four B-class key disciplines at provincial level, three state-level characteristic undergraduate majors, two provincial-level characteristic undergraduate majors, four provincial-level demonstration majors, two provincial-level demonstration centers for experimental teaching, and 28 provincial-level quality courses.
Faculty.
There are over 1,070 professional teachers and 115 of them are full professors and 335 of them associate professors.
International exchange and cooperation.
The university has established relations with universities and research institutions from countries worldwide. It has invited experts and scholars from home and abroad to give lectures to the students. Teachers from AUFE have been sent to countries or regions like Japan, U.S.A, Italy, Germany, France, Britain, Austria, Switzerland, Denmark, Romania, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macao, either as visiting scholars or as students to pursue further study there.
Academic research.
Since 2004, the university has won 693 research projects, 27 of which are sponsored by the state, and 247 by Anhui Province. Over 6,500 academic papers were published and 112 books printed. 43 achievements in scientific research have been awarded provincial, ministerial or national prizes. The periodical Finance and Trade Research funded by AUFE is a source periodical for CSSCI.
It has three research institutions that are directly under AUFE, eighteen virtual research departments, and four key research bases at provincial and ministerial level, including Research Center of Economic Development (RCED), Research Center of Cooperative Economics (RCCE), Bases of Cotton Project Research and Training (BCPRT), and Bases of Cooperative Economics Research and Training (BCERT). RCED and RCCE and two major research bases of Humanities and Social Sciences in Anhui Province’s higher education, BCPRT and BCERT are two research bases of All China Federation of Supply and Marketing Cooperatives.
Since 2005, the university has undertaken 812 research projects among which 23 are at national level and 43, Philosophy and Social Sciences, at Education Ministerial level, and 265 at provincial and ministerial levels. 5558 papers and 110 academic works of various kinds have been published, in which 37 academic awards at or beyond provincial level and ___ teaching awards. 217 academic reports by visiting scholars and 870, by university’s own scholars have been delivered for undergraduates and graduates. 11 national academic seminars have been held.

</doc>
<doc id="19282291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282291" title="Dogs in Mesoamerica">
Dogs in Mesoamerica

Various sorts of dogs are known to have existed in prehispanic Mesoamerica, as shown by archaeological and iconographical sources, and the testimonies of the 16th-century Spaniards. In the Central Mexican area, there were three races: the medium-sized furred dog ("itzcuintli"), the medium-sized hairless dog ("xoloitzcuintli"), and the short-legged, furred dog ("tlalchichi"). Apart from other, more obvious functions, dogs were also used for food (10% of all consumed meat in Teotihuacan) and ritual sacrifice.
Maya used domesticated dogs.
The ancient Mayas, a group of people who lived throughout southern Mexico and Central America, used domesticated dogs on a daily basis as a food source, hunting aide, and an element in religious and spiritual rituals.
Archaeological evidence.
Remains of dogs have been found in sites dating from the Preclassic through the Postclassic periods of Mesoamerica dating as early as 1200 BCE. These remains have appeared in middens, spread over yard surfaces, and near areas of sacrificial offerings. Since the deposits of dogs were discovered along with other plant and animal remains, it is difficult to decipher dog parts from those of other small mammals. In Colha, Belize, dog foot bones and teeth were found more than any other body part.
Uses of dogs.
Despite the fact that the amount of dog use varied throughout time and place, people of the coastal regions of the Maya area placed more importance on dogs due to their constant availability as a source of protein and their ability to rapidly reproduce. Breeding and raising domesticated dogs required low energy use. Fish and other hunted animals were not as reliable as dogs as a food resource, and it required more energy and time to capture these animals for consumption. Overall, it is difficult to generalize how the Maya used dogs because of the comparison of dog deposits to other fauna and how the amount of dog deposits differs among sites from various periods. Because of this variation, it is not certain if the function of dogs altered from a food source to that of a religious symbol over time. Besides becoming a meal, dogs were also used as hunting and traveling companions and were scavengers in the home.
Dogs as food.
During a portion of the Preclassic and Early Classic period (1200 BCE through 250 CE), dogs in Cuello, Belize were bred and killed once they reached one year of age. Dog bones had completed epiphyseal fusion and did not indicate the normal pattern of wear like adult dogs who lived longer than a year. Puppy remains were not found. Dogs were castrated and fed maize until they were fat enough to be ready for slaughter. Throughout the Preclassic period in the Yucatán region, dogs were not the primary meat supply, but archaeological evidence indicates they were a substantial part of the Maya diet. In fact, at the Colha site, white-tailed deer accounted for up to fifty percent of the Maya meat source. Starting in the Preclassic period, Maya elites served dogs during competitive feasts. They were either stewed or were burned in a sacrificial ceremony. Bones were chopped, broken, crushed and boiled to extract the marrow inside.
Dog nutrition.
In addition to eating maize, dogs ate household scraps. There is no evidence for any kind of specialized diet for dogs. Today, the Yucatec Maya continue to talk about their dog-eating ancestors and carry on the tradition of feeding dogs maize by giving them six to eight tortillas daily.
Breeds of dog.
Contemporary Maya have nine words for "dog" in their lexicon, not all of which correspond to separate breeds. It was documented in the sixteenth century by Spanish explorers in Mérida, Yucatán that dogs were bred locally in pens, fed maize, and sold at market. Another type of dog recognized by Maya was the hairless xoloitzcuintli, however, breeds are difficult to recognize archaeologically.
Dogs in Maya culture and religion.
Dogs in Maya literature.
In the "Popol Vuh", the K'iche' Maya creation story, dogs played important roles in certain events. For example, the second attempt at creating humans turned disastrous when the gods made them out of wood. The wooden humans were emotionless and would not feed the dogs. In retaliation, the dogs became angry and destroyed them. The moral of the story is “civilized” Maya make certain that dogs are fed on a decent human diet such as maize. When dogs were used in ritual sacrifices, the act contained a dual meaning: a person gave respect to the dog by feeding it maize, which represent humans. Humans were made of maize by the gods in the Popol Vuh. Another account in the Popol Vuh describes the Hero twins sacrificing a dog that belonged to the Lords of the Underworld, also known as Xibalba. After the dog was dead, the Hero Twins brought it back to life. The Lords were so impressed that they asked the twins to sacrifice and resurrect them. In the end, the Hero Twins sacrificed the Lords of Xibalba and did not follow through on bringing them back to life. This made it possible for humans to live on earth. The story linked dogs with renewal and human life. Dogs are associated with death and have the job of leading people into the Underworld. They represent fire and are protectors of the hearth, two components of Maya life.
Dog sacrifice and burial.
There are multiple situations in which dogs were used for sacrifice or burial. Dog sacrifices were important in the political sphere for rituals concerning “...inaugurations and founding of new civic religious centres...” There has also been confirmation of dog burials in Cozumel used in circumstances involving administration. Dogs were associated with “new beginnings" and were sacrificed instead of humans on the New Year ceremony. Dogs with spots that looked like the color of cacao were sacrificed during cacao rituals because they represented economic significance. Landmarks linked to fertility and ancestor worship contain dog burials. Dogs were found buried alongside humans in graves as well as in royal residences, presumably to guide their owners to the afterlife.
Dogs in Maya art.
In Maya art, dogs are represented in various roles and media. They have been depicted in scenes such as those from the Popol Vuh or burial processions. The Maya Vase Database exhibits a great example of a possible funeral procession on a painted vase, K5534. The dog standing below the head noble’s palanquin may be guiding its owner to Xibalba. In picture K555, another vase painting shows a scene from the Popol Vuh with Dog asking Itzamná to return to Xibalba. In addition to paintings, artists created clay figurines to resemble dogs, K8235.

</doc>
<doc id="19282293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282293" title="Frans Maurits Jaeger">
Frans Maurits Jaeger

Frans Maurits Jaeger (May 11, 1877 in The Hague – March 2, 1945 in Haren) was a Dutch chemist and specialist in the history of chemistry. He is known for his studies of the symmetry of crystals.
Biography.
Frans Maurits Jaeger was born on May 11, 1877 in The Hague, The Netherlands. He started studying chemistry in Leiden in 1895, passing his degree in 1898, and his doctorate in 1900. Thereafter he also studied crystallography in Berlin, Germany.
In 1904 he was appointed assistant professor (privaatdocent) at the University of Amsterdam. In 1908 he moved to the University of Groningen as lecturer and in 1909 was promoted professor, head of the department of inorganic and physical chemistry, as a successor of Jacob Böeseken.
From 1910 to 1911 he worked as research-fellow of the geophysical laboratory of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington, DC.
In 1915 he became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 1929 he received a George Fisher Baker non-residential lectureship in chemistry at Cornell University in Ithaca (USA). He retired in 1943.
Frans Maurits Jaeger died on March 2, 1945 in Haren (Groningen), The Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19282296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282296" title="Enoch Heinrich Kisch">
Enoch Heinrich Kisch

Enoch Heinrich Kisch (May 6, 1841 - 1918) was an Austrian balneologist and gynecologist born in Prague. He was the brother of Alexander Kisch (1848-1917), a noted rabbi and author.
He studied medicine in Prague, and in 1863 began work as a balneologist in Marienbad, where he was instrumental in developing the site as a popular spa and resort. In 1867 he was appointed lecturer at Prague, and in 1884 became an associate professor in balneotherapy at the university. 
From 1868 Kisch was an editor of the "Allgemeine Balneologische Zeitung" (General Balneological Newspaper). He also provided information on balneotherapeutics to the "System of Physiologic Therapeutics", a publication based in Philadelphia. In addition to balneology, he conducted extensive research in the fields of gynecology and female sexuality. One of his better known books was translated into English in 1910 with the title "The Sexual Life of Woman in its Physiological, Pathological and Hygienic Aspects".

</doc>
<doc id="19282330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282330" title="Fowler Methodist Episcopal Church">
Fowler Methodist Episcopal Church

Fowler Methodist Episcopal Church, now known as the Scottish Rite Temple, is a historic church building in the Lowry Hill neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was designed by architects Warren H. Hayes and Harry Wild Jones. The original portion, the rear chapel, was designed by Warren H. Hayes and built in 1894. When the congregation expanded and more funds were available, Harry Wild Jones designed an addition that expanded it to a much larger structure. This was completed in 1906.
The Fowler congregation merged with the Hennepin Avenue Methodist Church in 1915, and the Scottish Rite Temple bought the building the next year. They made some modifications to the auditorium to accommodate Masonic rituals, but most of the original features were kept, including extensive use of stained glass. The exterior is built of hard quartzite from southwestern Minnesota, along with red sandstone trim. It has two massive towers, three arches over the entry porch, and a rose window. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19282332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282332" title="Walking on Air (Kerli song)">
Walking on Air (Kerli song)

"Walking on Air" is a song performed by Estonian singer-songwriter Kerli. It is the first official single from her debut album, "Love Is Dead" (2008). It was originally featured on her now out of print self-titled EP (2007). Kerli herself co-wrote the song with Lester Mendez, who also produced it. It's about "following your dreams and just going with the flow."
"Walking on Air" was featured twice on the United States dance competition "So You Think You Can Dance" (season 5 and season 6). The song was also featured on a season 16 episode of the U.S. dance competition series Dancing with the Stars on May 7, 2013. The song and parts of the music video were featured in a promo for the television series "Fringe". It was also iTunes' "Free Single of the Week" for the week of July 21, 2008. It was downloaded more than 550,000 times during its promotion week, and is the largest "Free Single of the Week" download total in iTunes history. The song had received mixed to positive reviews from music critics who praised the storyline of the song. 
The music video, directed by Alex Topaller and Dan Shapiro (the team known as "Aggressive"), debuted on May 19, 2008. As of March 29, 2012, it has remained in the iTunes Top 200 Alternative Music Video charts since its release. The video features an inverted house theme where everything is opposite of what it is supposed to normally be. 
An EP containing five remixes of "Walking on Air" was released on October 14, 2008. It contains remixes by Ralphi Rosario, Armin van Buuren, and Josh Harris.
Composition.
Kerli claims when she was younger, her mother would tell her a story: "In the black, black world there was a black, black town and in the black, black town there was a black, black house and in the black, black house there was a black, black cupboard and in the black, black cupboard there was a white box." This is the inspiration for the verse in the song.
The song in general is about "following your dreams and just going with the flow" and a "little creepy girl that comes from a little creepy place and she has her big dream and she loves music, but nobody believes in her." The specific details in the song, such as "cats and hats and rocking chairs" are based on Kerli childhood when she would frequently wear older hats.
Music video.
Production.
Kerli had created "Book of Kerli": a book of pictures that she had collected over the years of how she wanted the video and herself in the video to appear. The music video is directed by Alex Topaller and Dan Shapiro (the team known as "Aggressive"). It premiered on May 19, 2008 on MTV's website.
Synopsis.
The video beings with a man dropping off a gift box on a doorstep. After he leaves, Kerli opens the box and finds a ball-jointed doll (painted by artist Lisa Jameson aka Pepstar). After re-entering the house, Kerli turns on the TV which shows a close-up image of an eye staring around the room. She then lights a match and throws it in the fireplace when it then begins to grow lotuses. Next, she activates the ceiling fan which precedes to spin the room around as she begins to dance.
In the next scene, Kerli is in a kitchen where the walls are an open wintry forest and Kerli appears in a more sexualized black outfit. The windows are brick walls and snow is spewing out of an umbrella. She opens the oven which is an extremely cold freezer where a chicken is "roasting". She then takes the chicken and places it in the fridge which is full of flames.
Next, Kerli is now in her bedroom lying on a bed of stones when she starts to cry (although the tears come from the Moonstones under her eyes) and her tears float up and transform into butterflies. Another scene is shown where Kerli is with a bird in a cage and the bird is sitting upside down on a perch. Returning to the bedroom scene, the man has returned and appears to be on the opposite side of her mirror as he pounds on it and instructs her to join him. Next, the ball-jointed doll from before is now a full-sized woman and is controlling the strings of Kerli who is now a marionette. After the Kerli marionette sings the bridge, she is placed in a box where the puppeteer ball-jointed doll cuts the strings and the bricks in the windows are briefly shown collapsing.
In the final scene, Kerli wakes up to discover a cut string attached to her arm. She proceeds to stare at the camera which pans out to reveal Kerli is now in the gift box from before and the full-sized, ball-jointed doll is holding it rocking on a rocking chair.
Concept.
Kerli describes the video as being a "dark" "Alice in Wonderland". The eye in the TV represents the "all-seeing eye" of God. It is also part of the "inverted house" theme, where the TV is watching her rather than her watching the TV. The lotus is the only flower that is able to grow in the mud and "the thicker the mud, the more beautiful the flower is going to be". The lotuses symbolize overcoming obstacles as do the act of Kerli's tears floating off and transforming into butterflies. The wallpaper is an Estonian forest. Kerli used this because her last name, "Kõiv" means "birch" in Estonian and because it also represents oppression.
Kerli based her "clock dress" on an image she saw on the internet and represents her love for numbers and their messy layout "[pisses] on the concept of time". Kerli describes her shoes as "fetish shoes".
Reception.
The video became the number one music video on AOL for the weeks of July 16, 2008 and July 23. As of March, 2013, the video has over 11,000,000 views on Vevo's YouTube channel.
Live performances.
Among other performances, in 2008 Kerli performed "Walking on Air" at the Greek Theatre on October 22 at the Scream Awards. and in 2009 at The Dome in Munich, Germany on May 22 and at the Estonian festival Õllesummer on July 19 in Tallinn.

</doc>
<doc id="19282357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282357" title="Anhui Normal University">
Anhui Normal University

Anhui Normal University () is an institution of higher learning in Wuhu, Anhui Province of the People's Republic of China.
Approved by the State Council in 1972, it was officially renamed Anhui Normal University, and the name was written by Guo Moruo. 
Anhui Normal University is the only university in Wuhu to accept foreign students. The College of International Education () usually has over 150 foreign students of many different nationalities including Cuban, British, French, German, Egyptian, Korean, Vietnamese, Thai, Yemenese, Japanese, Russian etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19282358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282358" title="Dan Frankel">
Dan Frankel

Dan B. Frankel is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 23rd District. He was first elected to the House in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19282374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282374" title="Camp Greylock">
Camp Greylock

Camp Greylock is a boys' summer camp located in Becket, Massachusetts. The land was purchased in the fall of 1915, and the opening summer was 1916. The founders were three brothers, George, Gabriel ("Doc"), and Lou Mason. It is currently the oldest continuously operating, private summer all-boys camp in Massachusetts.
During the summer of 2015, the camp will be celebrating its 100th anniversary summer. Plans are still being formulated.
Notable Campers and Staff.
Notable campers and staff of Camp Greylock include, among others:

</doc>
<doc id="19282430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282430" title="Pre-Columbian Mexico">
Pre-Columbian Mexico

The pre-Columbian history of the territory now within the contemporary nation of Mexico is known through the work of archaeologists and epigraphers, and through the accounts of the conquistadors, clergymen, and indigenous chroniclers of the immediate post-conquest period. While relatively few documents (or codices) of the Mixtec and Aztec cultures of the Post-Classic period survived the Spanish conquest, more progress has been made in the area of Mayan archaeology and epigraphy.[http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2006/01/0105_060105_maya_writing.html]
Human presence in the Mexican region was once thought to date back 40,000 years based upon what were believed to be ancient human footprints discovered in the Valley of Mexico, but after further investigation using radioactive dating, it appears this is untrue. It is currently unclear whether 21,000-year-old campfire remains found in the Valley of Mexico are the earliest human remains in Mexico. Indigenous peoples of Mexico began to selectively breed maize plants around 8000 BC. Evidence shows a marked increase in pottery working by 2300 B.C. and the beginning of intensive corn farming between 1800 and 1500 B.C..
Between 1800 and 300 BC, complex cultures began to form. Many matured into advanced pre-Columbian Mesoamerican civilizations such as the: Olmec, Izapa, Teotihuacan, Maya, Zapotec, Mixtec, Huastec, Purepecha, Totonac, Tarascan, "Toltec" and Aztec, which flourished for nearly 4,000 years before the first contact with Europeans.
Accomplishments.
These civilizations are credited with many inventions and advancements including pyramid-temples, mathematics, astronomy, medicine, and theology. 
Archaic inscriptions on rocks and rock walls all over northern Mexico (especially in the state of Nuevo León) demonstrate an early propensity for counting in Mexico. These very early and ancient count-markings were associated with astronomical events and underscore the influence that astronomical activities had upon Mexican natives, even before they possessed urbanization. 
In fact, many of the later Mexican-based civilizations would carefully build their cities and ceremonial centers according to specific astronomical events. Astronomy and the notion of human observation of celestial events would become central factors in the development of religious systems, writing systems, fine arts, and architecture. 
Prehistoric Mexican astronomers began a tradition of precise observing, recording, and commemorating astronomical events that later become a hallmark of Mexican civilized achievements. Cities would be founded and built on astronomical principles, leaders would be appointed on celestial events, wars would be fought according to solar-calendars, and a complex theology using astronomical metaphors would organize the daily lives of millions of people.
At some different points in time, three Mexican cities (Teotihuacan, Tenochtitlan, and Cholula) were among the largest cities in the world. These cities and several others blossomed as centers of commerce, ideas, ceremonies, and theology. In turn, they radiated influence outward into neighboring cultures in central Mexico.
Oasisamerica.
At its height, Oasisamerica covered part of the present-day Mexican states of Chihuahua, Sonora and Baja California, as well as the U.S. states of Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, and California. Cultural groups that flourished partially within the borders of modern-day Mexico include the Mogollon, Patayan, and Hohokam. There were close ties between the civilizations of Oasisamerica and those of Mesoamerica, evidenced by turquoise trade and cultural exchange. For example, in Paquimé, a site connected to the Mogollon culture, there have been found ceremonial structures related to Mesoamerican religion, similar to the juego de pelota.
Mesoamerica.
While many city-states, kingdoms, and empires competed with one another for power and prestige, Mexico can be said to have had five major civilizations: The Olmec, Teotihuacan, the Toltec, the Aztec and the Maya. These civilizations (with the exception of the politically fragmented Maya) extended their reach across Mexico, and beyond, like no others. They consolidated power and distributed influence in matters of trade, art, politics, technology, and theology. Other regional power players made economic and political alliances with these five civilizations over the span of 3,000 years. Many made war with them. But almost all found themselves within these five spheres of influence.
Olmec civilization.
The Olmec were an ancient Pre-Columbian people living in the tropical lowlands of south-central Mexico, roughly in what are the modern-day states of Veracruz and Tabasco on the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. Their immediate cultural influence, however, extends far beyond this region. The Olmec flourished during the Formative (or Preclassic) period, dating from 1400 BCE to about 400 BCE, and are believed to have been the progenitor civilization of later Mesoamerican civilizations.
Teotihuacan civilization.
The decline of the Olmec resulted in a power vacuum in Mexico. Emerging from that vacuum was Teotihuacan, first settled in 300 B.C. By AD 150, it had grown to become the first true metropolis of what is now called North America. Teotihuacan established a new economic and political order never before seen in Mexico. Its influence stretched across Mexico into Central America, founding new dynasties in the Mayan cities of Tikal, Copan, and Kaminaljuyú. Teotihuacan's influence over the Maya civilization cannot be overstated; it transformed political power, artistic depictions, and the nature of economics. Within the city of Teotihuacan was a diverse and cosmopolitan population. 
Most of the regional ethnicities of Mexico were represented in the city, such as Zapotecs from the Oaxaca region. They lived in rural apartment communities where they worked their trades and contributed to the city's economic and cultural prowess. By AD 500, Teotihuacan had become one of the largest cities in the world. Teotihuacan's economic pull impacted areas in northern Mexico as well. It was a city whose monumental architecture reflected a new era in Mexican civilization, declining in political power about AD 650, but lasting in cultural influence for the better part of a millennium, to around AD 950.
Maya civilization.
Contemporary with Teotihuacan's greatness was the greatness of the Mayan civilization. The period between 250 and 650 saw an intense flourishing of Maya civilized accomplishments. While the many Maya city-states never achieved political unity on the order of the central Mexican civilizations, they exerted a tremendous intellectual influence upon Mexico. The Maya built some of the most elaborate cities on the continent, and made innovations in mathematics, astronomy, and writing that became the pinnacle of Mexico's scientific achievements.
Toltec civilization.
Just as Teotihuacan had emerged from a power vacuum, so too did the Toltec civilization, which took the reins of cultural and political power in Mexico from about 700. The Toltec empire established contact as far south as Central America, and as far north as the Anasazi corn culture in the Southwestern United States. The Toltec established a prosperous turquoise trade route with the northern civilization of Pueblo Bonito, in modern-day New Mexico. Toltec traders would trade prized bird feathers with Pueblo Bonito, while circulating all the finest wares that Mexico had to offer with their divorced, immediate neighbors. The Mayan city of Chichen Itza was also in contact with the Toltec civilization were powerfully influenced by central Mexicans. The Toltec political system was so influential, that many future Mesoamerican dynasties would later claim to be of Toltec descent. In fact, it was this prized Toltec lineage that would set the stage for Mesoamerica's last great indigenous civilization.
Aztec civilization.
With the decline of the Toltec civilization came political fragmentation in the Valley of Mexico, and into this new game of political contenders for the Toltec throne stepped outsiders: the Aztec. Newcomers to the Valley of Mexico, they were seen as crude and unrefined in the eyes of the existing Mesoamerican civilizations, such as the fallen Toltec empire. 
Latecomers to Mexico's central plateau, the Aztecs thought of themselves as heirs to the prestigious civilizations that had preceded them, much as Charlemagne did with respect to the fallen Roman Empire. What the Aztecs lacked in political power, they made up for with ambition and military skill. 
In 1428, the Aztecs led a war of liberation against their rulers from the city of Azcapotzalco, which had subjugated most of the Valley of Mexico's peoples. The revolt was successful, and the Aztecs, through cunning political maneuvers and ferocious fighting skills, managed to pull off a true "rags-to-riches" story: they became the rulers of central Mexico as the leaders of the Triple Alliance. 
This Alliance was composed of the city-states of Tenochtitlan, Texcoco, and Tlacopan. At their peak, 350,000 Aztecs presided over a wealthy tribute-empire comprising around 10 million people, almost half of Mexico's then-estimated population of 24 million. This empire stretched from ocean to ocean, and extended into Central America. The westward expansion of the empire was stopped cold by a devastating military defeat at the hands of the Purepecha (who possessed state-of-the-art copper-metal weapons). The empire relied upon a system of taxation (of goods and services) which were collected through an elaborate bureaucracy of tax collectors, courts, civil servants, and local officials who were installed as loyalists to the Triple Alliance (led by Tenochtitlan). 
The empire was primarily economic in nature, and the Triple Alliance grew very rich: libraries were built, monumental architecture was constructed, and a highly prestigious artistic and priestly class was cultivated. All of this created a "First World" aura of invincibility around the island-city of Tenochtitlan. Unlike the later Spanish, the Aztecs did not seek to "convert" or destroy the cultures they conquered. Quite the opposite: the engines of warfare and empire in Central Mexico required that all participants understand and accept common cultural "rules" in order to make the flow of imperial wealth as smooth as possible. The rules of empire in Mexico were old rules, understood by all the power players and "contenders to the throne," as had been shown many times before (the kingdom of Tlaxcala would attempt its own power grab in 1519 by using the Spanish as mercenary-allies). 
By 1519, the Aztec capital, Mexico-Tenochtitlan, was among the largest cities in the world with a population of around 350,000 (although some estimates range as high as 500,000). Beijing at the same time had a population variously estimated to be 670,000 up to one million people. By comparison, the population of London in 1519 was 80,000 people. Tenochtitlan is the site of modern-day Mexico City.
Allies of the Aztecs.
In the formation of the Triple Alliance empire, the Aztecs established several ally states. Among them were Cholula (the site of an early massacre by Spaniards), Texcoco (the site of a major library, subsequently burned by the Spanish), Tlacopan, and Matatlan. Also, many of the kingdoms conquered by the Aztecs provided soldiers for further imperial campaigns such as: Culhuacan, Xochimilco, Tepeacac, Amecameca, Coaixtlahuacan, Cuetlachtlan, Ahuilizipan. The Aztec war machine would become multi-ethnic, comprising soldiers from conquered areas, led by a large core of Aztec warriors and officers. This same strategy would later be employed by the Spaniards.
Legacy of the Aztecs.
The Aztecs left a durable stamp upon modern Mexican culture. Much of what is considered modern Mexican culture derives from the Aztec civilization: place-names, words, food, art, dress, symbols, and even the name "Mexican". ("See also Origin and history of the name "Mexico-Tenochtitlan"").
Mexico City as the capital.
Today, the Aztec's capital city of Mexico-Tenochtitlan survives in modern times as Mexico City, the capital of the modern nation of Mexico. Mexico City is the largest metropolitan area in the Western Hemisphere (and second-largest in the world following Tokyo, Japan). 
In their haste to colonize, the Spanish initially retained much of the original layout of the city of Tenochtitlan, reflected today in the various city districts ("barrios") and in the central precinct of the Zócalo (formerly the ceremonial center of Tenochtitlan). Many streets and boulevards lay along the same paths as the previous water canals of Tenochtitlan. Several pyramids and ruins have even remain unearthed within the urban sprawl of the city. Over the two centuries following the conquest, the lakes of the valley were drained, drastically changing the landscape. The former island city now was able to spread over a dry plain. Only small remnants of the old canal city remain, such as in the celebrated flower district of Xochimilco. Today, Mexico City incorporates over 25 million people, whereas in 1519, that number was 500 thousand.
Food and cuisine.
Foods originating from Mexico.
Mexico is a Megadiverse country. As such, many ingredients commonly consumed by today's people worldwide originate from Mexico. The names of the various foods are originally from Nahuatl. Examples of such ingredients are: Chocolate, Tomato, Maize and Corn, Vanilla, Avocado, Guava, Chayote, Epazote, Camote, Jícama, Tejocote, Nopal, Huitlacoche, Zapote, Mamey zapote, many varieties of modern Beans.
Mexican cuisine.
The majority of Mexico's cuisine are of indigenous origins and are based on the ingredients listed above: 
These foods continue to make up the core of Mexican cuisine today.
Nahuatl language.
Because the Mexica spoke Nahuatl (the most common language at the time of Spanish arrival) their terms and names were widespread as descriptors of cities, regions, valleys, rivers, mountains, and many cultural objects. The Spanish used Nahuatl translators as they waged wars of conquest throughout Mexico and beyond. As a result, Nahuatl names were used as geographic identifiers as far away as Guatemala and the northern state of Coahuila on the southern Texas border. Numerous words from the Nahuatl language are today interspersed within Mexican Spanish. These words are used to describe geography, foods, colloquialisms, and first names for people (e.g., Xochitl, "flower," for females and Tenoch for males). 
Today, approximately 1.5 million people continue to speak the Nahuatl language. Recent years have seen a resurgence of interest in learning Nahuatl by Spanish-speaking and English-speaking Mexicans at-large. Some Mexican-American activists have portrayed Nahuatl language as a path to claiming an identity that is not European-based or Anglo-derivative (i.e. "Hispanic", "Latino", or "American").
Modern flag of Mexico.
The official story of Mexico is, the coat of arms of Mexico was inspired by an Aztec legend based on the founding of Tenochtitlan. The Aztecs, then a nomadic tribe, were wandering throughout Mexico in search of a sign that would indicate the precise spot on which they would build their capital. Their god Huitzilopochtli had commanded them to find an eagle devouring a snake, perched on top of a cactus that grew on a rock submerged in a lake. After two hundred years of wandering, they found the promised sign on a small island in the swampy lake of Texcoco. It was there they found their new capital, Tenochtitlan, also known as Mexico.
Art and symbols.
Mexican art has inspired generations of Mexican-descent artists, both inside and outside of Mexico's modern borders. Images of pyramids, the "Aztec calendar", and armed indigenous warriors have been popular themes. Also popular have been zig-zag motifs (found on indigenous buildings and pottery) and the theological notion of The Four Directions (found among indigenous cultures across the Western Hemsiphere). In recent years, there has been a resurgence of interest in the ceremonies and art of the Day of the Dead. The art, architecture, and symbols of the Mexica civilization exert such a unique identity that they are commonly used in advertisements for tourism to Mexico.
Urbanization.
For much of its history, the majority of Mexico's population lived an urban lifestyle: cities, towns, and villages. Only a fraction of the population was tribal and wandering. Most people were permanently settled, agriculturally based, and identified with an urban identity, as opposed to a tribal identity. Mexico has long been an urbanized land, which was graphically reflected in the writings of the Spaniards who encountered them.

</doc>
<doc id="19282435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282435" title="Saddam (disambiguation)">
Saddam (disambiguation)

Saddam Hussein (1937-2006) was the 5th President of Iraq.
Saddam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19282452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282452" title="Karl Nesbitt">
Karl Nesbitt

Karl Nesbitt is an Irish musician and songwriter. He is the son of John and Kathleen Nesbitt and the brother of Irish violinist Mairead Nesbitt.
Background.
Karl Nesbitt comes from a family of traditional Irish musicians. He began his musical training at age ten when he began playing flute. At fourteen, he began playing the didgeridoo influenced by Steve Cooney and two years later was inspired by Donal Lunny to play the bazouki. Nesbitt played guitar with his first band. In 2000, Nesbitt studied music management and began mixing music for various musicians.
Career.
Karl's first band experience was playing with Funk band The 4Players, using an alternatively tuned electric guitar. It was there he became aware of rock music first hand, having previously learned traditional melodies. He also befriended talented guitarist Clint Fitzgerald in the band, with whom he now works with frequently. In 1998 Nesbitt formed a traditional band called "Meitheal" that performed two years in succession at the Interceltic Festival in Brittany, France.
Nesbitt worked with songwriter Niall Connolly for three years, and produced Connolly's third album "Future Tense". Through his experience in these years Karl got to experiment with musicians from the genres of Songwriting, Rock, Drum and Bass and Dance Music. Karl used his own instruments, timber flute, bodhran and bouzouki to blend in with other band environments. Since then, Karl has played at various festivals throughout Europe. Along with his sister Mairead Nesbitt, he has supported Carlos Nunez, Hothouse Flowers, Juliet Turner and Bob Geldof. He has also supported Sharon Shannon, shared the stage with Begley and Cooney, Brian Finnegan, and worked with Manus Lunny, John Spillane and Scully from Metisse.
Karl is scoring the music for an RTÉ commissioned short film called "Point of Departure", directed by Maximillian Le Cain and starring renowned theatre actress Anna Manahan. Karl's debut album Vista Point is currently being mastered by the great Calum Malcolm, who has worked with Clannad, Prefab Sprout and Capercaille. He will be producing the debut album from Barry John, a Cork native songwriter/musician whose song "Warm Despite the Chill" was recorded by Pauline Scanlon on her debut album "Red Colour Sun".
Discography.
Solo
"The Good News" 2005
With Mairead Nesbitt
"Raining Up" 2002
With Niall Connolly
"As Tomorrow Creeps from the East" 2004
"The Long Weekend" 2003
"Songs from a Corner" 2001
With the Neff Brothers
"Ar Scáth a Chéile" 2004
With Jason O'Driscoll
"Dharma" 2004

</doc>
<doc id="19282469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282469" title="Under Our Skin">
Under Our Skin

Under Our Skin: The Untold Story of Lyme Disease is a 2008 documentary film about Lyme disease, focusing on the controversy surrounding "chronic Lyme disease", a controversial and unrecognized diagnosis. The film was directed by Andy Abrahams Wilson, who became interested in the subject after his sister contracted Lyme disease. The film had its theatrical premiere on June 19, 2009 at the IFC Center in New York City.
Controversial views.
The film argues that persistent infection with Lyme disease is responsible for a variety of debilitating symptoms. The film presents advocates of the position, including International Lyme and Associated Diseases Society (ILADS). The position is at odds with that of major medical bodies including the Infectious Diseases Society of America and the American Academy of Neurology, who do not recognize "chronic" Lyme disease as a legitimate diagnosis. The film portrays the Infectious Diseases Society of America as a group laden with conflicts of interest and briefly discusses Richard Blumenthal's antitrust charges against the society. The film shows individual patients responding to long-term antibiotic treatment and portrays the IDSA as "an organization riddled with conflicts of interest."
Synopsis.
The film follows six individuals including major league ball player Ben Petrick who report chronic symptoms, which they attribute to persistent Lyme infection. The majority of the film is devoted to the storyline of these patients and their reported recovery. At the same time, the film presents advocates of long-term therapies for chronic Lyme disease and briefly presents the position of the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA).
The second half of the film focuses primarily on state medical board investigations of Joseph Jemsek and Ray Jones, two physicians who prescribe long-term antibiotics for chronic Lyme disease. Jemsek was investigated based on the complaints of 10 patients who described "nightmarish experiences" as a result of his treatment; he was supported by a number of patients and Lyme disease advocacy organizations. The board found that Jemsek had departed from standard medical practice and had failed to inform patients that his treatments were unorthodox; his medical license was suspended with stay, allowing him to continue practicing medicine. Facing a lawsuit from an insurance company, Jemsek declared bankruptcy and closed his medical practice.
The final act of the film focuses on Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal's antitrust investigation of the IDSA Lyme disease guidelines. Blumenthal issued a press release in May 2008 stating that his investigation "uncovered serious flaws" in the development of the IDSA guidelines, although Blumenthal declined to file any charges. Under pressure of mounting legal fees, the IDSA agreed to submit its Lyme disease guidelines to an independent review, which supported the scientific validity of the IDSA guidelines. The case was described in "Forbes" as "intimidation" of the medical community by the Attorney General, and in "JAMA" as an example of "elected officials advocating for health policies against the weight of scientific evidence." The film concludes with vignettes of two patients discussing their recoveries.
Critical reception.
The "New York Times" described the film as a "polemic" and "inflammatory.""Variety" noted that the film "sides with those advocating unconventional treatments, gives gatekeepers from Infectious Diseases of America [sic, actually Infectious Diseases Society of America their say."
According to meta-critic review site Rotten Tomatoes, "Under Our Skin" is certified "fresh". As of January, 2010, the film has received 23 positive reviews and 5 negative reviews for a fresh score of 82%.
On November 18, 2009, the Academy Awards announced "Under Our Skin" as one of 15 finalists in the Documentary Feature category. The film was selected as a finalist from 89 qualifying documentaries. The film did not go on to receive an Oscar nomination.
Awards and honors.
Finalist, 82nd Annual Academy Awards, Documentary Feature<br>
Finalist, Audience Choice Award, Tribeca Film Festival (World Premiere) <br>
Winner, Best Documentary, Houston International Film Festival <br>
Winner, Best Documentary, Durango Independent Film Festival <br>
Winner, Best Documentary, Sonoma International Film Festival <br>
Winner, Best Documentary, Camden International Film Festival <br>
Winner, Audience Award, Durango Independent Film Festival <br>
Winner, Health & Science Category, CINE Golden Eagle Awards <br>
Winner, Infectious Diseases Category, Int'l Health & Medical Media Awards <br>
Winner, Best Cinematography, Int'l Health & Medical Media Awards <br>
Winner, Chris Award, Columbus International Film Festival <br>
Winner, Best Documentary Silver Award, Asheville Film Festival <br>
Winner, Honorable Mention, Wild & Scenic Environmental Film Festival <br>
Runner-up, Audience Award, Berkshire International Film Festival <br>
Nominee, Best Socially Conscious Documentary, IFP/Fledgling Fund <br>
Official Selection for 15 other festivals

</doc>
<doc id="19282479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282479" title="Augustin Brassard">
Augustin Brassard

Augustin Brassard (July 16, 1922 – December 26, 1971) is a former Canadian politician, lawyer, secretary and teacher. He was born in Roberval, Quebec, Canada. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1957 election as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Lapointe. He was re-elected in the 1958 election and defeated in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19282517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282517" title="Harold Parfitt">
Harold Parfitt

Harold Parfitt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19282523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282523" title="Rosenstein (Swabian Jura)">
Rosenstein (Swabian Jura)

The Rosenstein is a 735 m high mountain in the Swabian Jura () above the town of Heubach near Schwäbisch Gmünd, Germany.
With its exposed position as head of the "Alb" it had been of strategic importance. Excavations in the caves on Rosenstein have found tools dating back to the Paleolithic period. Among the best-known caves are scouring the "Great" and "Dark hole". About the Western rock, the remnants of a medieval castle, Rosenstein castle ruins.
The Rosenstein is now a very popular recreational area, especially for climbers and mountain bikers.

</doc>
<doc id="19282526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282526" title="Thomas C. Petrone">
Thomas C. Petrone

Thomas Charles "Tom" Petrone was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 27th District and was elected in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19282550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282550" title="Smith Island (Hudson Bay, Nunavut)">
Smith Island (Hudson Bay, Nunavut)

Smith Island is a northern Canadian island in eastern Hudson Bay. It's a part of Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut, though situated off the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="19282598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282598" title="Fagne">
Fagne

Fagne () or Fagnes can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19282608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282608" title="Delta (pen manufacturer)">
Delta (pen manufacturer)

Delta is an Italian pen manufacturer.
History.
Delta S.r.l. was founded in 1982 through the partnership of Nino Marino, Ciro Matrone and Mario Muscente. In 1995, Delta reintroduced the rare lateral lever filling system for fountain pens.
Models.
Delta produces both open and limited edition pens. The Dolce Vita collection is their core range and consists of several subcollections of different shaped pens, all made of orange and black resin. Delta's Indigenous People pen collection consists of limited edition fountain pens, rollerballs, ballpoint pens and pencils: a themed collection of different cultures around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19282634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282634" title="Anthousai">
Anthousai

Anthousai (from Greek άνθος "flower") are nymphs of flowers in Greek mythology. They were described as having hair that resembles hyacinth flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="19282664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282664" title="Anthony M. DeLuca">
Anthony M. DeLuca

Anthony M. "Tony" DeLuca is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 32nd District and was elected in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19282675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282675" title="Elsie Island">
Elsie Island

Elsie Island is a northern Canadian island in eastern Hudson Bay. While situated off the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula, it's a part of Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="19282680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282680" title="Evan Jones (poet)">
Evan Jones (poet)

Evan Lloyd Jones (born 1931) is an Australian poet and professor.
Early life.
Born in Melbourne, 10 November 1931, Jones attended Melbourne High School, and studied at the University of Melbourne, and Stanford University (1958–1960) . 
Career.
After 1960, he taught English at the University of Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="19282686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282686" title="Inventory valuation">
Inventory valuation

An inventory valuation allows a company to provide a monetary value for items that make up their inventory. Inventories are usually the largest current asset of a business, and proper measurement of them is necessary to assure accurate financial statements. If inventory is not properly measured, expenses and revenues cannot be properly matched and a company could make poor business decisions.
Inventory accounting systems.
The two most widely used inventory accounting systems are the periodic and the perpetual. 
Regardless of what inventory accounting system is used, it is good practice to perform a physical inventory at least once a year.
Inventory valuation methods - perpetual.
The perpetual system records revenue each time a sale is made. Determining the cost of goods sold requires taking inventory. The most commonly used inventory valuation methods under a periodic system are:
These methods produce different results because their flow of costs are based upon different assumptions. The FIFO method bases its cost flow on the chronological order purchases are made, while the LIFO method bases it cost flow in a reverse chronological order. The average cost method produces a cost flow based on a weighted average of goods.
Periodic versus perpetual systems.
There are fundamental differences for accounting and reporting merchandise inventory transactions under the periodic and perpetual inventory systems.
To record purchases, the periodic system debits the Purchases account while the perpetual system debits the Merchandise Inventory account.
To record sales, the perpetual system requires an extra entry to debit the Cost of goods sold and credit Merchandise Inventory.
By recording the cost of goods sold for each sale, the periodic inventory system alleviated the need for adjusting entries and calculation of the goods sold at the end of a financial period, both of which the perpetual inventory system requires.
In Perpetual Inventory System there must be actual figures and facts.
Using non-cost methods to value inventory.
Under certain circumstances, valuation of inventory based on cost is impractical. If the market price of a good drops below the purchase price, the lower of cost or market method of valuation is recommended. This method allows declines in inventory value to be offset against income of the period. When goods are damaged or obsolete, and can only be sold for below purchase prices, they should be recorded at net realizable value. The net realizable value is the estimated selling price less any expense incurred to dispose of the good.
Methods used to estimate inventory cost.
In certain business operations, taking a physical inventory is impossible or impractical. In such a situation, it is necessary to estimate the inventory cost.
Two very popular methods are
1)- retail inventory method, and
2)- gross profit (or gross margin) method.
The retail inventory method uses a cost to retail price ratio. The physical inventory is valued at retail, and it is multiplied by the cost ratio (or percentage) to determine the estimated cost of the ending inventory.
The gross profit method uses the previous years average gross profit margin (i.e. sales minus cost of goods sold divided by sales). Current year gross profit is estimated by multiplying current year sales by that gross profit margin, the current year cost of goods sold is estimated by subtracting the gross profit from sales, and the ending inventory is estimated by adding cost of goods sold to goods available for sale...

</doc>
<doc id="19282704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282704" title="Mid-volume transaction output">
Mid-volume transaction output

Mid-Volume Transaction Output is a space in the production printing environment in which transactional documents are produced. Mid-volume typically describes print volumes of between 100,000 and one million pages per month. Every printing and post-insertion environment experiences waste during the production process. On high volume devices, this waste is approximately one-half of one percent of all documents. For a high volume environment, that could equate to a half-million documents or more per month. Reprinting these documents on high end systems can be inefficient and costly. In addition, performing proof work or running low volume jobs can be equally costly. To address this gap, companies seek out lower-cost and smaller-footprint devices that will quickly and efficiently turn around reprint work, while offering comparable speed, quality and uptime as their high end system. This area of the transactional printing market is considered mid-volume. Other evaluation considerations for MVTO equipment purchases include simple and intuitive user operability, a high degree of reliability, low operating costs, low power consumption, and environmental friendliness.

</doc>
<doc id="19282727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282727" title="Édouard Berth">
Édouard Berth

Édouard Berth (1875–1939) was a theorist of French syndicalism and disciple of Georges Sorel. 
Berth tried to unify the metaphysics of Marx and Bergson through his articulation of revolutionary self-organization of the proletariat.

</doc>
<doc id="19282821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282821" title="Anthony DeLuca">
Anthony DeLuca

Anthony DeLuca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19282842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282842" title="Commodore Island">
Commodore Island

Commodore Island[http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&sl=es&u=http://www.tutiempo.net/Tierra/Orografia/Canada/CA_11.htm&sa=X&oi=translate&resnum=10&ct=result&prev=/search%3Fq%3D%2522commodore%2Bisland%2522%2Bnunavut%26hl%3Den%26client%3Dfirefox-a%26rls%3Dorg.mozilla:en-US:official%26hs%3DbKf] is a northern Canadian island in eastern Hudson Bay. While situated off the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula, it's a part of Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="19282847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282847" title="Vincent Brassard">
Vincent Brassard

Joseph Léonce Vincent Brassard (10 December 1919 – 7 April 1974) was a Canadian politician, manufacturer and meat packer. He was born in Chicoutimi, Quebec, Canada. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1958 as a Member of the Progressive Conservative Party to represent the riding of Chicoutimi. He was defeated in the elections of 1962 and 1965. He married Judith Voyer (died 1998) and had 10 children. Brassard died in Chicoutimi in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19282867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282867" title="William Fyncheden">
William Fyncheden

Sir William Fyncheden KS (died 1374) was a British justice. He was first recorded as a lawyer in 1350, and the same year was made a Commissioner of embankments in Yorkshire. From then on he was a regular appointee to commissions of Oyer and terminer, mostly in Yorkshire but also in Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire and Lincolnshire; he was also appointed as a Justice of Labourers several times in both Yorkshire and Nottinghamshire. In February 1355 he was appointed to investigate unauthorised Alienation of royal lands in 6 counties, including Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire. In 1359 he investigated trespasses against the royal family and their tenants in Richmondshire, and in 1360 he was tasked with the inquiry as to whether the lands of Roger Mortimer were being held by the King or as part of Wales, to which he found the latter. In 1362 he was made a King's Serjeant.
His career continued to develop in the 1360s, with commissions of Oyer and terminer in Sussex, Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, Kent and Gloucestershire. In 1365 he was made a Justice of the Common Pleas and knighted. He attended Parliament in 1366 as a Trier of petitions, a position he maintained at the Parliaments of 1368, 1369, 1371 and 1373, and at the same time he also acted as an Assize justice, mainly in the Home counties and West Midlands. On 14 April 1371 he was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas after the previous holder was made Lord Chancellor; Fyncheden then died in 1374 after a relatively brief tenure as Chief Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="19282875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282875" title="Ellegarden Best (1999–2008)">
Ellegarden Best (1999–2008)

Ellegarden Best (1999–2008) is the sixth and final album by the Japanese music group Ellegarden, compiling some of the best songs from their active years. It was released on July 2, 2008.
Track Sources.
Track 4 originally found on "My Own Destruction"
Tracks 1-3 originally found on "Don't Trust Anyone But Us" 
Tracks 5-7 originally found on "Bring Your Board!!"
Tracks 8-11 originally found on "Pepperoni Quattro"
Tracks 12-15 originally found on "Riot on the Grill"
Tracks 17 - 19 and 21 originally found on "Eleven Fire Crackers"
Track 16 originally found on "Figureheads Compilation"
Track 20 was originally found on the b-side of the single Space Sonic but was also released on the "Nano-Mugen Compilation 2008" 7 days later.

</doc>
<doc id="19282879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282879" title="SunFest">
SunFest

SunFest is a musical and art festival held annually on the first week of May in West Palm Beach, Florida. Being the state's largest waterfront music and art festival SunFest attracts more than 275,000 visitors. The festival and the patrons that it attracts have a very positive impact on the community. SunFest is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19282884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282884" title="Cox Island">
Cox Island

Cox Island is a northern Canadian island in eastern Hudson Bay. While situated off the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula, it's a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="19282891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282891" title="First National Bank Building (Saint Paul, Minnesota)">
First National Bank Building (Saint Paul, Minnesota)

The First National Bank Building is a 417-foot-tall skyscraper in downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Construction.
The first building on the property, the Merchants Bank Building, was built in 1915 and opened in 1916. Rising 228 feet tall and with 16 stories, the building was the tallest in Saint Paul until it was overtaken by the Wells Fargo Place. The First National Bank Building was designed by Graham, Anderson, Probst & White in 1931 after Merchants National Bank was absorbed by First National Bank. The 32 story structure struggled to acquire materials in 1930 due to the construction of the Empire State Building at the same time. In 1932 the cost of the building was $3,340,185.44.
Building.
Skyway.
It is believed that the world's first modern skyway was built to connect the two towers.
The skyway connects the building's 17th floor with the adjacent 16-story Merchants Bank Building which is part of the same property. It is the tallest skyway in the Twin Cities. The skyway with six tinted windows was built in 1931 in conjunction of the finishing of the building. The Merchants Bank Building was the tallest in Saint Paul from 1915 to 1931 when the First National Bank Building overtook it.
Sign.
The building is probably most known for the large neon red "1st" sign atop the building. The sign has three sides and rises four stories to a height of fifty feet. In 1973 the sign was turned off in response to the energy crisis. The sign was relit ten years later after a major renovation. The original "vermillion vitreous porcelain edged with a double row of red neon tubes" was replaced with solely red tubes. Around four thousand feet of neon tubing was used in the renovation. The sign can be seen from almost 75 miles away from the air at night and 20 miles away on a clear day.
Building.
The building is eligible for the National Register of Historic Places but not currently listed. The buildings overall design is Art Deco. The building was the tallest in Saint Paul from its construction in 1931 till 1986 when Galtier Plaza overtook the building, a total of 55 years. The building is currently the third tallest in Saint Paul behind Jackson Tower of Galtier Plaza and Wells Fargo Place formerly the Minnesota World Trade Center.
The building was sold in January 2007.
The building was sold again on June 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19282905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282905" title="Blessed Sacrament School (Savannah, Georgia)">
Blessed Sacrament School (Savannah, Georgia)

Blessed Sacrament School is a coeducational Catholic primary school in Savannah, Georgia. Blessed Sacrament enrolls approximately 400 students from Kindergarten through 8th grade. The school is run by and adjacent to Most Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church, a member parish of the Diocese of Savannah.
History.
Founded in 1939, Blessed Sacrament started with three classrooms and two Sisters of Mercy as teachers with Sister Stella Maris as principal. Initially, 68 students were enrolled.

</doc>
<doc id="19282907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282907" title="1997 New York Giants season">
1997 New York Giants season

The 1997 New York Giants season was the team's 73rd season in the National Football League. On January 15, Jim Fassel was named as the fifteenth coach in club history. The team improved upon their previous season's output of 6–10, winning ten games and qualifying for the playoffs for the first time in four seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19282911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282911" title="New Zealand Law Commission">
New Zealand Law Commission

New Zealand's Law Commission was established in 1986 by the Law Commission Act 1985. The Commission is a Crown Entity under the Crown Entities Act 2004.
The purpose of the Law Commission as set out in its founding legislation is to review and make recommendations for the improvement of the law of New Zealand and to advise on how to make the law as understandable and accessible as practicable.
Commissioners.
The Commissioners of the Law Commission are:
Projects.
Recent major work of the Commission includes:
Operations.
The Law Commission has a staff of 32 and a budget of approximately NZ$4.3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19282935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282935" title="McCormack Island">
McCormack Island

McCormack Island is a northern Canadian island in eastern Hudson Bay. While situated close to the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula, the island is a part of Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="19282951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282951" title="Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railway">
Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railway

Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19282955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282955" title="Michael McKillop">
Michael McKillop

Michael Gerard McKillop (born 27 January 1990 in Ballymena, Northern Ireland) is an Irish middle distance runner and Paralympic athlete. He competes in the T37 classification, as he has a mild form of cerebral palsy.
He won the 800m title at the 2006 IPC Athletics World Championships, clocking just over 2:02. and he represented Ireland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal at the T37 800 m clipping almost three seconds off his previous mark as he strode to an emphatic win in 1:59.41. His time was a Paralympic record. McKillop won the 800 m title at the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships in world-record time of 1:58.90, he also set a 1500 m world record but was not awarded a medal because of the lack of entries. in the London 2012 Paralympics, McKillop won gold for the men's 800 meter t37 with a time of 1:57.22; this was a world record. He won the 1500m T37 race in the 2012 London Paralympics. The medal was later presented to him by his mother, Catherine McKillop, an ambassador of Procter & Gamble.
He is coached by his father Paddy, who was awarded "Northern Ireland Sports Coach of the Year". McKillop has a personal best in his preferred 800 metres of 1:57.22.
In 2012, McKillop was awarded the The Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19282971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282971" title="Golden Valley High School (Merced)">
Golden Valley High School (Merced)

Golden Valley High School is a high school located within the Merced Union High School District in the community of Merced, California. The school first opened in August 1994, with its first class of seniors graduating on June 5, 1996. The current enrollment is over 2,300 students in grades 9 through 12.
Academics.
Enrollment.
According to the United States Department of Education's National Center for Education Statistics, enrollment characteristics for the 2009-2010 school year were as follows:
Rankings.
Golden Valley's Advanced Placement program has earned the praise of Newsweek Magazine and was named a "Top 1300" school in the United States, three years running. Golden Valley has also garnered a Silver Award from US News & World Report, making it one of the top 1,800 schools in the United States.
Rivals.
The cross-town Bears of Merced High School have been the Cougars' rivals since Golden Valley opened in 1994.
Merced has a deep and long-standing animosity with the Atwater High School Falcons, both in sports and in academics. As the city of Merced grew, so did its student population, forcing the freshmen to be bussed to a different area of the city known as "East Campus" in order to adequately fit them all. This eventually drove the city to develop plans for a second city high school, Golden Valley High. Until the new school's opening, the main rival for the Merced Bears was the Atwater Falcons.
However, the opening of Golden Valley prompted a split in districting of Merced and nearly half of the first-year students at the new campus were from Merced High. Since then a great competition between "old school" and "new school" (quite literally) has sprung up and Atwater has fallen into a close second-rival for both city schools.
The Netherlands.
In 2010 the school visited the Stedelijk Dalton lyceum for an interchange project, in Dordrecht in the Netherland. They were there 6–9 April and visited the school, Amsterdam, the windmill of Kinderdijk and Paris in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19282972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282972" title="List of House members of the 38th Parliament of Canada">
List of House members of the 38th Parliament of Canada

This is a list of members of the Canadian House of Commons in the 38th Parliament of Canada.
Members.
The North.
† Speaker.
Changes in party affiliation.
The party standings changed as follows:
Former members of the 38th Parliament.
Members of the House of Commons in the 38th Parliament of Canada who left their seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19282986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19282986" title="Straight-line grammar">
Straight-line grammar

A straight-line grammar (SLG) is a formal grammar that does not branch (every non-terminal has only one associated production rule) nor loop (if non-terminal "A" appears in a derivation of "B", then "B" does not appear in a derivation of "A"). Such a grammar generates only one sequence. This property makes SLGs of interest in fields like Kolmogorov complexity, Lossless data compression, Structure discovery and Compressed data structures.
The problem of finding an SLG of minimal size that generates a given string is called the Smallest grammar problem.
Formal Definition.
A context-free grammar "G" is an SLG if:
1. for every non-terminal "N", there is at most one production rule that has "N" as its left-hand side, and
2. the graph "G"=<"V","E">, defined by "V" being the set of non-terminals and ("A","B") ∈ "E" whenever "B" appears at the right-hand side of a production rule for "A", is acyclic.
An SLG in Chomsky normal form is equivalent to a straight-line program.

</doc>
<doc id="19283000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283000" title="Harrison Island">
Harrison Island

Harrison Island is a northern Canadian uninhabited island in eastern Hudson Bay. While situated off the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula, it's a part of Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="19283012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283012" title="Peter Najarian">
Peter Najarian

Peter Najarian is an options trader, television personality, market analyst, and co-founder of optionMONSTER, a provider of market intelligence, commentary, and trading strategies. Along with his brother, Jon Najarian, he founded an online brokerage called tradeMONSTER in October 2008, during the worst financial turmoil in three-quarters of a century. tradeMONSTER sends trading information through the Web without requiring clients to download trading software. It is in direct competition with rivals such as OptionsXpress Holdings Inc. He is a contributor on CNBC's show Fast Money alongside Jon Najarian and Guy Adami.
Background.
Najarian grew up in Minnesota, the son of famous transplant surgeon John Najarian. Najarian played college football with the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers as a linebacker. He was named to the All-Big Ten second team for three years, from 1983 to 1985, and was awarded the school's Carl Eller award for outstanding defensive player for three consecutive years, from 1983 to 1985. He also served as the team's captain in 1985. After earning a degree from the University of Minnesota, he became a professional football player with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Minnesota Vikings.
He became an options trader in 1992 with the encouragement of his brother Jon Najarian, who worked for Mercury Trading at the Chicago Board Options Exchange. Peter Najarian rose to become president of Mercury, a position he held from 2000 to 2004, and oversaw the company's sale to Citadel LLC.
He currently appears on the CNBC financial investing show "Fast Money".
Beginning with the 2013 season he became a commentator for ESPN's college football coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="19283013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283013" title="Gabriel Shelly">
Gabriel Shelly

Gabriel Shelly (born in Dublin on October 24, 1968) is an Irish Paralympian. He won gold in Boccia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics and bronze in Boccia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He also participated in the 1996, 2004 Games and 2012 Games but did not win medals in those years.

</doc>
<doc id="19283014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283014" title="Royal Tarragona Yacht Club">
Royal Tarragona Yacht Club

The Royal Tarragona Yacht Club (, ) is a yacht club based in Tarragona. It is one of the oldest yacht clubs in Spain. 
This club is located at one end of the Port of Tarragona. It is a well-equipped yacht club, with its own yacht harbor as well as an adjacent area housing the club's premises, a locally well-known Sailing School, as well as a restaurant and cafeteria.
The club's harbor has a 500 m2 mooring area. 
The Reial Club Nàutic de Tarragona has participated in many sailing competitions during its long existence. It has also won a great number of awards.
History.
The Royal Tarragona Yacht Club was established in 1878. In the beginning it was locally known as "Club dels Xiflats" ("Club of the Dim-witted" in Catalan), for at that time no one in this harbor town understood why the club's first members would engage for pleasure in rowing and sailing, the arduous task of sailors and fishermen. 
The RCNT's first building was destroyed during a seasonal flood of the Francolí River in 1917. Following its reconstruction the building was badly damaged by bombs during the 1936-1939 Spanish Civil War, after which it was only repaired in 1945. 
In the 1960s the club opened its Escola de Marineria, a Sailing School which quickly earned a good reputation for promoting interest in water sports among the youth in Tarragona.
During the last decades of the 20th century the Royal Tarragona Yacht Club expanded quickly thanks to the assistance of the Tarragona Port Authority in the construction of its new harbor premises outside of the heavily-polluted commercial harbor. The new RCNT building was inaugurated by the King of Spain, in 1997.
The Royal Tarragona Yacht Club celebrated its 125th anniversary in 2003 amid much fanfare among its members and local authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19283025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283025" title="Alexander Karl, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Alexander Karl, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg

Alexander Charles, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg (2 March 1805 – 19 August 1863) was a German prince of the House of Ascania. From 1834 until 1863 he was the last duke of the Duchy of Anhalt-Bernburg.
Life.
Early life.
Alexander Charles was born at Ballenstedt on 2 March 1805 as the second (but eldest and only surviving) son of Alexius Frederick Christian, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his first wife Maria Fredericka, daughter of William I, Elector of Hesse.
Succession.
After the death of his father in 1834, Alexander Karl succeeded him in Anhalt-Bernburg.
Marriage.
In Gottorp on 30 October 1834 Alexander Karl married Princess Friederike of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, daughter of Frederick William, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and his wife Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse-Kassel; she was also a sister of the later King Christian IX of Denmark. The union was childless.
Reign.
By November 1855 the Duke was confined to Schloss Hoym due to a progressive mental illness (some sources state that he suffered from schizophrenia). There, Alexander Karl spend the rest of his life under medical care in the company of his chamberlain, the painter Wilhelm von Kügelgen.
Due to his incapacity, his wife Fredericka acted as regent.
Death.
Alexander Charles died at Hoym on 19 August 1863. As the marriage produced no issue, with him, the line of Anhalt-Bernburg became extinct. The Duchy of Anhalt-Bernburg was inherited by his kinsman Leopold IV, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau-Köthen who merged the duchy with his own to form a united Duchy of Anhalt.

</doc>
<doc id="19283026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283026" title="Paul Schmidt (interpreter)">
Paul Schmidt (interpreter)

Paul-Otto Schmidt (23 June 1899 - 21 April 1970) was a translator in the German foreign ministry from 1923-1945. During his career he served as the translator for Neville Chamberlain's negotiations with Adolf Hitler over the Munich Agreement, the British Declaration of War and the surrender of France.
Early years.
In 1917/18 Schmidt was a soldier in the First World War and was wounded on the Western Front. Afterward he studied modern languages in Berlin and worked at the same time for an American newspaper agency. In 1921 he took courses in the Foreign Office for the training of conference interpreters. Schmidt distinguished himself there by virtue of his outstanding memory. In July 1923, Schmidt, still preparing for examinations, accepted his first assignment for the translating and interpreting service of the Foreign Office at the Permanent Court of International Justice in the Hague. He married in 1925 and had a son in 1926.
Foreign Office.
After more language study in Berlin Schmidt worked briefly in the Reich Foreign Language Office. Starting in 1924 he worked as an interpreter in the Foreign Office. Schmidt interpreted during the Locarno Treaty meetings (1925) and participated in many other important international conferences. He served as an interpreter at the League of Nations (1926-1933) and at the London Economic Conference. Under Reich Chancellor Gustav Stresemann, Schmidt became chief interpreter, a position which he retained after Hitler came to power in 1933. Schmidt remained chief interpreter until 1945. At the Munich Conference he interpreted between Hitler and Neville Chamberlain and Édouard Daladier.
During the war years he served as Hitler's interpreter during his meetings with Marshal Philippe Pétain and Francisco Franco. After the 1942 Dieppe Raid resulted in thousands of Canadian soldiers captured, Schmidt was in charge of their interrogations. Schmidt joined the NSDAP in 1943.
Post-war.
Arrested in May 1945, Schmidt was freed by the Americans in 1948. In 1946 he testified at the Nuremberg Trials, where conversations with him were noted down by psychiatrist Leon Goldensohn and later published. In 1947, he testified for the prosecution against the directors of IG Farben. In 1952 he joined the Sprachen and Dolmetscher Institute in Munich, a college where students could learn languages and become translators and interpreters. He retired in 1967.
Schmidt’s memoirs.
Entitled "An Extra on the Diplomatic Stage", Schmidt’s memoirs cover his 21 years as an important eye witness to European foreign policy.
The book begins with Schmidt’s front line experiences during the First World War at the German spring offensive of 1918, and continues with his work for the German Chancellors before 1933. The English edition of the book, titled "Hitler’s Interpreter" , skips this material and describes only the Hitler years, 1933-1945. Schmidt’s memoirs present an atmospheric, yet detailed, portrait of the highest level of the Third Reich. And he has this advice for interpreters in training:
"Over the years I have arrived at the conviction that a good diplomatic interpreter must possess three characteristics: Most important, he must, paradoxically, be able to be silent; he must be expert in the subject he is translating; and only in third place is his mastery of the language he translates."

</doc>
<doc id="19283027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283027" title="Fraley Island">
Fraley Island

Fraley Island is a northern Canadian island in eastern Hudson Bay. While situated off the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula, it's a part of Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="19283037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283037" title="Andrij Parekh">
Andrij Parekh

Andrij Parekh (born September 20, 1971) is an American cinematographer.
Parekh was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts of Ukrainian and Indian (Gujarati) descent. Andrij studied cinematography at NYU's Tisch School of the Arts (MFA, 2001) and the FAMU film school in Prague. He currently lives and works in New York City, shooting features and music videos. In 2004 he was named one of Filmmaker Magazine's "25 New Faces of Indie Film". Recently, he was included as one off Variety Magazine's "Ten Cinematographers to Watch".

</doc>
<doc id="19283045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283045" title="Dragan Todorović (politician)">
Dragan Todorović (politician)

Dragan Todorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Тодоровић) (Gornji Milanovac, 25 January 1953) is a Serbian politician, ans was vice-president of the Serbian Radical Party. He was Radical Party representative in the Parliaments of Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro. He was elected as Radical Party representative in the Serbian Parliament twice, in January 2007 and in May 2008.
After Tomislav Nikolić, deputy leader of the party and the parliamentary leader due to the absence of Vojislav Šešelj, resigned from the party, Todorović became president of the Radical Party parliamentary group. Although Todorović was seen as new Deputy Leader of the Serbian Radical Party, Šešelj decided to abolish this party function.
Todorović has made statements that Serbia should include territory up to the Virovitica-Karlovac-Karlobag line which would incorporate Bosnian and Croatian sovereign territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19283052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283052" title="Frazier Island">
Frazier Island

Frazier Island is a northern Canadian island in eastern Hudson Bay. While situated off the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula, it's a part of Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="19283064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283064" title="Hold On Loosely">
Hold On Loosely

"Hold On Loosely" is a 1981 rock song by 38 Special and the first song to appear on their 4th studio album "Wild-Eyed Southern Boys" in 1981. It is the first single from the album, and made it to #3 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks and #27 on the Billboard Hot 100. This song also later appeared on their 1987 album "" and their 1999 album "Live at Sturgis". It is also notable for having been the 13th music video to be played on the first day that MTV aired in 1981.
According to Songfacts.com this song was written by Jim Peterik and Frankie Sullivan for their band Survivor.
This song is playable in the video game "" It is also available as a playable download track in "Rock Band 3".
This song appeared as a B side to "Back to Paradise," which was the theme song to the 1987 film "".
The song also appeared in the 2004 film, "Without a Paddle", starring Seth Green, Matthew Lillard and Dax Shepard.
The song was made available to download on November 30, 2010 for use in the "Rock Band 3" music gaming platform in both Basic rhythm, and PRO mode which allows use of a real guitar / bass guitar, and MIDI compatible electronic drum kits / keyboards in addition to vocals.
References.
http://www.songfacts.com/detail.php?id=3947

</doc>
<doc id="19283071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283071" title="Prophecy in the Seventh-day Adventist Church">
Prophecy in the Seventh-day Adventist Church

Seventh-day Adventists believe that Ellen G. White, one of the church's co-founders, was a prophet, understood today as an expression of the New Testament spiritual gift of prophecy.
Seventh-day Adventist believe that White had the spiritual gift of prophecy, but that her writings are inferior to the Bible, which has ultimate authority. According to the 28 Fundamentals the core set of theological beliefs held by the Seventh-day Adventist Church, states that Adventists accept the Bible as their only creed and can be read online on the website of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
The 18 of the 28 Fundamentals states the Adventists viewpoint on the Gift of Prophecy: 
According to one church document, "her expositions on any given Bible passage offer an inspired guide to the meaning of texts without exhausting their meaning or preempting the task of exegesis". In other words, White's writings are considered an inspired commentary on Scripture, although Scripture remains ultimately authoritative.
Adventist believe she had the spiritual gift of prophecy as outlined in Revelation 19:10. Her restorationist writings endeavor to showcase the hand of God in Christian history. This cosmic conflict, referred to as the "Great Controversy theme", is foundational to the development of Seventh-day Adventist theology.
Viewpoints.
"The Inspiration and Authority of the Ellen G. White Writings", document was issued by the Biblical Research Institute of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists. It has received worldwide review and input, although is not an official statement. It concludes that a proper understanding will avoid the two extremes of regarding her "writings as functioning on a canonical level identical with Scripture, or […] considering them as ordinary Christian literature."
Most Seventh-day Adventists believe White was inspired by God, while most non-Adventists believe that she was not. Most denominationally-employed Adventist scholars today agree that:
Alberto Timm, rector at the Latin-American Adventist Theological Seminary in Brasilia, Brazil, believes that since the passing of Ellen White, "as far as we know, there is no genuine prophet alive in our days".
History.
Numerous Seventh-day Adventists have claimed the gift of prophecy throughout the history of the church, but only Ellen White is held by the church to have had the spiritual gift of prophecy.
Millerites.
Seventh-day Adventists arose out of the Millerite movement, the followers of William Miller who expected the end of the world around 1843 or 1844. A number of the Millerites claimed the gift of prophecy.
Two Millerites claimed to have had visions prior to Ellen White – William Ellis Foy (1818–1893), and Hazen Foss (1818?–1893), Ellen White's brother-in-law. Adventists believe the gift offered to these two men was instead passed on to White.
Of the women visionaries, several made the press for their visions. The other known prophets are female: Dorinda Baker (associated with the Israel Dammon incident), Emily Clemons, Phoebe Knapp, and Mary Hamlin, who are all mentioned in newspapers of the time.
However most Adventists only believe Ellen White had the spiritual gift of prophecy.
William Foy.
William Ellis Foy (1818–1893) was an African American Freewill Baptist minister and preacher in the Millerite movement, who claimed to receive four visions from 1842 (two visions) to 1844. A tall man, he was the first of three Millerites to claim visions around the time of the 1844 "Great Disappointment".
A common theme of his visions was that the Second Coming would come later than the Millerites expected. They inspired many people through the Great Disappointment when Jesus did not return as they had expected. Ellen White supported his visions. They also concern the judgment, and rewards for the righteous.
He claimed visions in January and February 1842, told in his autobiographical "The Christian Experience of William E. Foy", published 1845. They were similar to those experienced by Ellen White.
Foy was reluctant to obey his commission to share the visions, yet did eventually. He never became a Seventh-day Adventist, and his subsequent history was unknown. J. N. Loughborough's account was simply repeated by later historians (e.g. "Light Bearers", 64) until Delbert Baker's definitive 1987 biography "The Unknown Prophet" traced his subsequent history.
See also.
Hazen Foss.
Hazen Foss (1818–1893) was another Millerite who claimed to receive several visions. However he refused to proclaim them, and God told him he was "released" from that ministry, and the message given to Ellen White instead. He was Ellen White's brother-in-law. Adventists tend to believe the prophetic gift offered to these two men was instead passed on to White.
See also.
Early Adventists.
Adventists believe Hiram Edson received a vision about the heavenly sanctuary or investigative judgment on October 23, 1844 – the day following the "Great Disappointment". He wrote,
Moses Hull (c. 1836–1907) was an eloquent speaker and apologist (defender of Adventist beliefs). He converted to Adventism in 1857, but later converted to spiritualism (the key feature of which is allegedly contacting the dead), leaving the church. He claimed to write as influenced by spirits.
For two years prior, Ellen White had trying to help Moses Hull and been warning him on his focus and "overweening trust in his own abilities." Hull sensed his problem and asked for Ellen White and others to come to his Battle Creek home to pray for him. Ellen writes "I was shown the condition of Bro. Hull. He was in an alarming state. His lack of consecration and vital piety left him subject to Satan's suggestions. . . . He is asleep to his own danger. . . . He was presented to me as standing upon the brink of an awful gulf, ready to leap. If he takes the leap, it will be final; his eternal destiny will be fixed. . . . Never should one man be sent forth alone to combat with a Spiritualist."
Ellen White.
Adventists believe church co-founder Ellen G. White was a prophet, understood today as the New Testament "gift of prophecy". White preferred to describe herself as a "messenger".
She was one of about 200 claimed prophets in New England at the time. For alleged miracles which occurred during her prophecies, see: inspiration of Ellen White#Tests of her inspiration.
White regarded herself as a messenger to the church of the end times. She believed her contemporary prophets were not legitimate.
E. J. Waggoner.
E. J. Waggoner claimed "a revelation direct from heaven" at a campmeeting in Healdsburg, California in 1882. In the midst of another's sermon,
In 1899 he claimed that all commandment keepers should have the gift of prophecy.
After 1888.
The 1888 Minneapolis General Conference provided "impetus" to those radically seeking God's presence.
Anna Phillips.
Anna Rice Phillips (1865–1926) was a claimed new prophetess, who was supported by W. W. Prescott and others. From Ogden, Utah, she first claimed visions in 1891, and in April, 1894, Adventist minister A.T. Jones presented Anna Phillips's testimonies as a genuine manifestation of the spirit of prophecy.
However the next day he got a letter from Ellen White which convinced the church she was sincere yet mistaken. Anna Phillips repudiated her experience and became a trusted Bible worker.
Others.
By the 1890s, a "flood of volunteers" stepped forward, hoping to be the next prophet. However Ellen White usually responded to them that she had been given no "light" about the future prophetic gift.
Fannie Bolton, a former literary assistant to White, claimed visions around the end of the 1800s.
In the 1900s, Mrs. Mackin claimed the gift of prophecy, and under her and her husband Ralph's influence, a young girl (a family friend) also prophesied; see: Ralph and Mrs. Mackin.
Anna Garmire.
Anna Garmire (b. 1870) from Petoskey, Michigan claimed visions. She believed the close of probation would occur 40 years after the Great Disappointment. Her father James M. stole the "Review and Herald" mailing list and sent out this prediction to 20,000 people. Ellen White rejected Anna's theories, and authored the tract, "An Exposure of Fanaticism and Wickedness" in response. After 1884 passed, James wrote to Ellen White and she responded to their predictions critically. The Garmires influenced others in this way until as late as 1900.
German Reform Movement.
In Germany in 1915 Johann Wick, an Imperial Army member, claimed a vision of the close of probation "at the time the stone-fruit trees blossomed in the spring." Other lay people also reported similar visions and some became involved in the Seventh Day Adventist Reform Movement.
After Ellen White.
Ellen White died in 1915. According to her son Willie White, subsequently "A dozen or more persons" claimed the gift, to succeed Ellen. He considered some "good-hearted but misguided", but others fanatical and who denounced those remaining unconvinced by their claims.
Margaret Rowen.
Margaret W. Rowen claimed to receive visions, and formed an alternative short-lived church, the Reformed Seventh-day Adventist Church (not to be confused with the much more significant Seventh Day Adventist Reform Movement).
Rowen became an Adventist in 1912. She claimed to receive her first vision on June 22, 1916 which she shared with members of a prayer group at her South Side Los Angeles Church, gaining a small following. Several church leaders, especially Dr. Bert E. Fullmer, supported her. A periodical "The Reform Advocate and Prayer Band Appeal" was printed. The Southern California Conference investigated the claims, but was originally inconclusive.
She authored "A Stirring Message for the Time" (Pasadena, California: The Grant Press, 1918). In 1918, A. G. Daniells reported the investigators had concluded her visions were not of heavenly origin. The following year Rowen, Fullmer, a physician, and at least two other ministers were disfellowshipped.
In 1920, a false document was planted by Fullmer (under Rowen's directive) in the Ellen G. White Estate files in White's home. Dated 1911 and supposedly written by White, it announced Rowen as a succeeding prophetess. At its peak, the movement had around 1000 followers. Rowen gave several false predictions. Fullmer authored "Bearing Witness" (Los Angeles: The Reform Press, 1923). In 1925, Fullmer admitted the fraudulent letter. In the March 1926 issue of the periodical, he presented his conclusion that Rowen was a fraud. In response, she conspired to murder him the following year, but was unsuccessful. She served a one-year sentence in the San Quentin State Prison in California, by which time her movement had fallen apart.
Jeanine Sautron.
Another is French "visionary" Jeanine Sautron. She claimed to see dreams and visions similar to those experienced by Ellen G. White. An offshoot church was formed based on her book "Dreams and Visions" that was published in audio cassette version and book format and published in her native tongue of French and later translated into English and Spanish. The renaming of the church was originally called 'Seventh-Day Adventist The Remnant' but was later renamed 'Laodicea The Remnant', in order to separate its affiliation with the Seventh-day Adventist main body, and after the last end times church mentioned in the biblical book of Revelation.
Others.
Numerous leaders of offshoot groups have also claimed the gift of prophecy for themselves, for example Victor Houteff, founder of the Shepherd's Rod offshoot. Benjamin Roden was another, founder of the Branch Davidian offshoot of Shepherd's Rod, whose wife Lois Roden succeeded him as prophetess, and claimed a vision about the feminity of the Holy Spirit. David Koresh considered himself the final prophet. He apparently saw himself as Ellen White's successor. Wayne Bent, the leader of the Lord Our Righteousness Church which has been described as a cult, has claimed God has spoken to him. He is known as Wayne Travesser within that community. In 1990 Pastor Walter McGill claimed a "divine revelation" in taking the name Creation Seventh Day Adventist Church when he and his associates formed their break-away church.
Amateur archaeologist Ron Wyatt claimed to meet "at least" an angel, and another time four angels. Former Adventist William S. Sadler was a sceptic of psychic phenomena generally, but was involved with "The Urantia Book", which was claimed to be inspired by celestial beings. Others have claimed to hear the voice of God, for example, Robert Brinsmead's father Cedric claimed to hear voices saying, "Go north, young man." after which the family moved. Chinese Adventist David Lin claims his mother was told by a voice to go to Tianjin.
Author Herbert Douglass wrote in 1998, "At any given time in the last few decades, at least a dozen people around the world have convinced others that they have been given the gift of prophecy."
Adventist author Clifford Goldstein has described "nut cases" in the church and meeting "some of the weirdest and most bizarre folks you could imagine."

</doc>
<doc id="19283076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283076" title="Bicol River">
Bicol River

Bicol River is the eight largest river in the Philippines in terms of drainage basin size with an estimated catchment area of 3,770 km². The river drains the southwestern part of the island of Luzon and passes through Camarines Sur, Albay, and Camarines Norte provinces in the Bicol Region.
The river starts from Lake Bato, 6 metres above sea level, and flows 94 kilometres downstream to its estuarine mouth at San Miguel Bay. It passes through the alluvial and coastal plains of the vast Bicol Valley, an elongated, northwesterly trending depression in the Bicol Region, which contains alluvial plains to the coastal plain. Average slope within the river's drainage basin is 0.006%.
The basin has an influence area of 10,058 square kilometres including its drainage basin. It lies between 13°0 to 14°N and 123°0 and 124°0 E. It is extensively a coastal flood plain.
Geography.
Geology and Geomorphology.
The Bicol River is bounded on the northeast by the Bicol Cordillera, which consists of a chain of volcanic mountains including Mount Iriga, Mount Malinao, Mount Masaraga and Mount Mayon. On the southwestern side lie the Ragay Hills, which consists of folded and faulted sedimentary formations including limestones, siltstones, conglomerates and shale. In between these higher areas lies the Bicol plain, which is composed of thick alluvial deposits of sand silt and clay.
The main geo-morphological features found in the area include the estuarine plain, a river flood plain, the piedmont plain and the valleys of incised creeks. The estuarine plain is level to nearly level and consists of fine fluvial-marine deposits over sandy layers with marine shells. The fluvial marine deposits are usually saline at depths of approximately 1 metre and includes depresses areas along the Bicol River. The river floodplain is made up of mixed alluvium. The piedmont plain on the fringe of the Ragay Hills consists of fine alluvium clay and reworked colluviums.
Climate.
The climate is influenced by the Northeast Monsoon winds and the Pacific trade winds. These Monsoon winds create the low pressure area in the Pacific Ocean, resulting in tropical cyclones that affect the area in November and December.
Rainfall occurs throughout the year with low rainfall between January to May and high rainfall between June and December. In the lower basin, mean annual rainfall ranges between 1,850-2,300 mm. The main factors influencing rainfall are the air streams, the inter-tropical convergence zone and topography. 
The mean temperatures are high throughout the year with the daily mean temperatures in the range of 24.1°C to 28.1°C and an annual mean temperature of 27°C.

</doc>
<doc id="19283077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283077" title="Urs Kolly">
Urs Kolly

Urs Kolly (born July 24, 1968 in Tafers) is a Swiss Paralympic athlete who has won seven gold medals and a bronze medal. He has won one or more golds at every Summer Paralympics from 1992 to 2004. He also won a bronze at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. In addition to this he won the 2004 "Credit Suisse Sports Awards" for disabled athlete.

</doc>
<doc id="19283079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283079" title="Tzvi Gal-Chen">
Tzvi Gal-Chen

Tzvi Gal-Chen is the father of author Rivka Galchen, and a scientist known for his work on wind and thermodynamic variables.
Early Life In Israel.
Tzvi Gal-Chen's parents moved to Palestine when they were in their teens as part of a youth movement that came to Palestine in the early 1920s - having emigrated from Minsk in the current Belarus.
Tzvi Gal-Chen was born in Palestine on September 1, 1941.
Tzvi grew up as an Israeli Sabra on a collective farm. He served in the Israeli Army. He earned a B.Sc. in 1967 and an M.Sc. in 1970, both from Tel Aviv University, with specialization in applied math and physics.
Life in the United States.
Tzvi came to the United States in 1970. In 1973, he earned a Ph.D. in atmospheric sciences from Columbia University,
under the supervision of Dr. R C.J. Somerville. From September 1975 to September 1979 he was a research assistant professor at the University of Toronto. For the last 12 years of his career, he was a professor in the School of Meteorology at the University of Oklahoma. He died suddenly, while on a walk, on October 10, 1994. Tzvi Gal-Chen is most noted for his work in retrieval of wind and thermodynamic variables from a single Doppler radar.

</doc>
<doc id="19283114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283114" title="Mike Dow">
Mike Dow

Michael Craig Dow (born 1947) is an American politician who was the four-term mayor of Mobile, Alabama (1989–2005), and is widely credited in the area, along with Arthur Outlaw, whose 15 year plan he followed, of spurring the redevelopment of downtown Mobile. He was mentioned as a potential gubernatorial candidate in 2010, but declined to run.
Mike Dow was born in South Carolina and was raised as a foster child. He had a troubled childhood. His father left them when he was ten and his mother was plagued with mental illness. As a consequence he became a ward of the state. Later at about the age of fourteen he was taken in by his maternal grandfather, Henry Gainous. His service in Vietnam included a tour in the A Shau Valley (Hamburger Hill). He served as a paratrooper in his first tour of duty and as a door gunner for subsequent tours. In a fourth helicopter crash his pilot and best friend, Johnny Legg, perished. Mr. Dow was following his friend in another helicopter at the time and this precipitated his decision to leave the military. He still keeps a rubbing of Mr. Legg's name from the Vietnam memorial in his office. Upon leaving Vietnam he received a master's degree in accounting from the University of South Alabama. In 1979, he co-founded QMS (Quality Micro Systems) with his brother-in-law, Jim Busby. Dow functioned at one time or another as Vice President of Sales, Marketing, and Accounting for the company. Quality Micro Systems, a printer manufacturing company, at one time competed with giants like Hewlett Packard, Canon, Xerox, and Tektronix and was listed in the Fortune 500. Dow is credited with creating the companies European distribution network. After Black Monday the company was forced to downsize and was eventually purchased by Minolta. Prior to this Dow left QMS and entered the race for city council District 6.
The Election of 1989.
Arthur R. Outlaw, a Catholic, had been the first directly elected Mayor of Mobile since 1911, when the city switched from a mayor-council government to a city commission government. (The last directly elected mayor before him, Patrick J. Lyons, was also a Catholic). As a Catholic, Outlaw had a natural base in what had been historically a Catholic city, and had been elected in 1985 by a comfortable margin running as a sort of an old statesman candidate, having served terms on the city commission in the 1960s, 70's and 80's. During his term he had pushed with the city's first directly elected council (containing fellow Catholics Reggie Copeland and John Peavy) to pass an historic 15 year plan in 1987, part of which included the construction of a convention center on the Mobile River. During the course of time, opposition to the convention center had mounted and was leading to surface discontent with the Outlaw administration. Outlaw, being Catholic, affiliated with Spring Hill College and active in the Mobile Carnival Association (he was a member of the 1948 MCA court), was seen as being part of the traditional Mobile establishment. During this time, he was also Chairman of the Alabama Republican Party (municipal elections in Alabama are non-partisan, however, and so this never hurt him in what was at the time, still firmly Democratic territory). 
During this time, Dow was running for City Council for District 6 in the southwestern portion of the city. During this same time, automotive dealership owner Joe Bullard was pondering his own run for the mayoralty. It was during this time that Lambert Mims was indicted for ethics violations for his actions in a previous term as mayor. Mims was seen as the primary competitor for Arthur Outlaw. Mims discussed running for Mayor with Dow and suggested he would throw his entire weight behind a Dow candidacy because of his desire to see someone defeat Outlaw. It was also rumored by Dow's competitor for District 6 that he left the city council election because polls were not in his favor. All public polls showed the contrary though. At the urging of Bullard and Mims, Dow decided to run for Mayor. His main point of attack against Mayor Outlaw was embracing the concept of old versus new. Dow made this the centerpiece of his campaign, and reached out to white and black voters. Dow was one of the first white politicians in the city to approach black leaders as equals. Dow's campaign included a coalition of African American ministers within Mobile's African American community and he frequently attended mass at various African American churches throughout the city. It is for this reason that Dow enjoyed very strong African American support. He did campaign on the need not to build a convention center. He won the election by a very convincing margin and his election suggested a shift in leadership in Mobile. Dow's victory came on the strength of his support among middle class white voters and African Americans, while Outlaw, who was chair of the state GOP at the time, carried the upper class white vote. It was Outlaw's affiliation with the GOP that forced Dow to choose to be an independent.
Mayoralty.
During his early months in office, it became clear that Dow was on the same mind as Outlaw when it came to issues such as downtown redevelopment. In fact, despite campaigning against the convention center, he began actively supporting the build. Dow began work on what he called "The String of Pearls", a series of projects meant to help spur the redevelopment of downtown. He moved forward with both the strategies outlined in the 15 year plan of Outlaw, and the convention center itself, which in the end would be named for the man who lost his job for proposing it. He also dramatically increased capital spending, as well as the city's sales tax, raising it to 4%, giving Mobile an overall sales tax rate of 9%. 
During his first term, Dow worked with county leaders to secure the construction of Mobile Government Plaza, the first governmental structure in the United States to house both city and county government.
In 1993, Bess Rich was elected to the city council in District 6, in the same year that saw Dow winning re-election with more than 65% of the vote. Bess Rich frequently questioned Dow's adgenda of capital spending without a sustainable revenue source, and she was often the lone vote in the 6-1 votes that all supported the Mayor. When the Mobile BayBears team approached the city, Rich opposed the borrowing for construction of the stadium because she believed in allowing the public to vote on non-basic service capital projects. She also opposed the attention Dow gave to capital projects downtown, because of the increased debt load from borrowing it placed on the community with no thought to paying back the debt or obtaining funds to support maintenance of the projects. As a result of Dow's aggressive capital building program, the city was left with little money in its future budgets for basic capital needs. In 2001, Bess Rich would give him the strongest challenge for his office since his initial election in 1989.
Another key feature of the Dow administration were attempts at annexation. The Mobile city limits, with the exception of a few areas, had largely been set with the mass annexation of 1956. At various times, Dow put forth proposals to annex parts of West Mobile and Tillman's Corner, all of these attempts failing. Dow was highly popular in the city, but his popularity dropped immediately upon exiting the city limits. Dow also gained unpopularity with parts of the white backlash community (which was more Evangelical Protestant in nature as opposed to the city's general mainline Protestant, Episcopalian, Catholic middle and upper classes) for his support of expanding gambling in Alabama, which he supported in his belief that legalized gambling would be a boon for Mobile, and the fact that the casinos in Biloxi were drawing a large clientele from Mobile. Another concern of this area was their concern that Dow would increase their taxes as he did in the city. His terms as Mayor saw a general erosion of white support over time (though overtime he picked of most of Outlaw's voters from 1989) while he steadily increased his support amongst black Mobilians. Dow cruised to re-election in 1997, and began to be mentioned as a gubernatorial candidate. 
During Dow's third term, downtown redevelopment continued and in 2001 Dow signed a deal with the Retirement Systems of Alabama to construct a skyscraper in downtown Mobile. The RSA Tower now towers over the city at 745 feet, a visible reminder of the administration of Mike Dow. In 2001, Bess Rich, who had limited herself (she believed in term limits) to two terms on the city council, decided to make a bid to become the city's first female Mayor, as well as the first Mayor of the city in the 20th century who was not of southern origin. Rich continued to question the mayor for focusing on massive borrowing without means to pay the debt back. Dow won the election 61-39%, winning every district except Rich's own District 6, where he lost 55-45%. (By comparison, Rich had won that district with 70% of the vote in her re-election bid in 1997). However, 2001 saw the defeat of two key allies of Dow, Charlie Waller and Mabin Hicks, who were replaced by Steve Nodine (a man who used to call himself the unofficial mayor of downtown on Uncle Henry radio broadcasts) and Ben Brooks. Bess Rich's seat was taken by a woman who was sympathetic to her views, Connie Hudson, and together, these three became the anti-Dow bloc on the city council. 
The main issues of his fourth term were an annexation of West Mobile which failed, a vote in West Mobile to incorporate it, which also failed, and the construction of the Alabama Cruise Ship Terminal on the waterfront, which added its second ship in August 2008. Dow also began actively courting Thyssen-Krupp, who was looking to build a steel mill and Boeing, that was looking for a site to build their Dreamliner plane. (the site they rejected became the site that Airbus selected for the KC-45 tanker bid). During the course of his fourth term, crime in Mobile continued to drop, and his residual popularity began to rise as people began to see the efforts of his labor bear fruit, as downtown Mobile became a place that people went to for something other than work and Mardi Gras from the beginning of the 2000s onward.
It was also during his fourth term that the proposed "Mardi Gras Park" was approved, in a deal with the Mobile County Commission.
Controversies.
Vietnam Flag.
Mobile Government Plaza contains displays in the atrium in which there are displays of flags. One contains a rostrum of American state flags, one a rostrum of international flags. During Dow's third term, it was found that the flag representing the nation of Vietnam was the flag that had been used by the Saigon government of South Vietnam. Because Dow is a veteran of the Vietnam War, a minor controversy arose concerning whether or not he had made the decision to supplant the flag of united Vietnam with the flag of South Vietnam. The flag was changed to the correct one and it has become a largely forgotten part of his administration.
Changing of the Mobile City Seal.
The Mobile City Seal, which had been in use for decades, contained the six national flags (excluding the Republic of West Florida) that have flown over the city during its history. One of those governments was the Confederate States of America, and the city honored this by placing the Confederate Naval Jack on the seal. This seal was on police cars, marked city vehicles, historical markers, and a battle flag was flown at Government Plaza along with the other national flags. The city's African-American councilmen began pushing for a change in the seal to the First National Flag, which garnered outrage from Confederate heritage groups. The first vote before the council reached no conclusion, with black members voting for the first national, Bess Rich voting for the second national, another councilman voting for the third national and Reggie Copeland and Mabin Hicks voting to keep the seal as it was. After a considerable amount of controversy, a compromise was made, wherein the city dropped the battle flag from the seal, replacing it with the Third National Flag.
George Ewert and Gods and Generals.
During Dow's fourth term, the director of the Museum of Mobile, George Ewert, wrote a scathing review of the movie Gods and Generals castigating it for its pro-Confederate viewpoint. He did this in his official capacity as a city employee. This aroused renewed outrage from Confederate heritage groups, this time led by Saraland veterinarian Ben George, whose veterinary office also serves as an outlet for the Dixie Outfitters product line. After the issue surfaced at several city council meetings, Dow asked Ewert to apologize for his comments as a city employee. Dow requested that public commentary from Mr. Ewart about controversial issues not be made in an official capacity, such that they did not reflect the views of the city or city employees as a whole. Ewert refused. Ewert then tendered his resignation. This was seen as a minor incident and is not considered relevant by many as it had little or no effect on future events. In fact Ben George went on to lose the Republican runoff to real estate broker Chad Fincher.
Cuba.
It was during the Dow administration that Mobile established formal sister city relations with Havana, Cuba. Delegations from the Mobile-La Habana society took part in these trips and the Mayor went on several of them. This brought criticism from those who thought that Mobile shouldn't have been sending delegations to Cuba in light of the embargoes against the communist nation. However, the trips did establish links between officials in Mobile and officials in Havana that will be useful when trade is restored between the United States and Cuba.
Election of 2005.
In early 2005, Dow called a morning news conference in which he announced that he was not going to run for a fifth term. He stayed out of the campaign during the non-partisan first round primary. Three of the candidates ran as Dow supporters and people who would continue the Dow legacy: County Commissioner Samuel L. Jones, City Councilman John Peavy (a Catholic), and Former Republican State Senator Ann Bedsole, whose bid to become governor of Alabama had ended, and Bess Rich, the former city council member and community activist. in the 1994 Republican runoff because of opposition by pro-life groups who disapproved of her pro-choice stance. (Bedsole had also sponsored a symbolic measure in the legislature calling for the secession of Mobile from Alabama, and she had refused to endorse Republican nominee Fob James in the 1994 election). The frontrunners were Jones, vying to become the city's first black mayor while keep issues of race off the table (at this date, the city's website doesn't even mention that he is the first black mayor), and Bedsole, one of the city's leading socialites, who boasted the largest campaign war chest in the race. 
In the first election, held on August 17, 2005, Jones nearly won it outright with 46% and Peavy placed second with approximately 37%. Both Ann Bedsole and Bess Rich received roughly 14% of the vote, however, given that three candidates were running on continuing the work of Dow, pro-Dow candidates combined polled 86% of the citywide vote, and the runoff was set between two Dow allies.
In a surprise move, a few days before the election, Dow formally endorsed Sam Jones, and Jones went on to win the election with a 57-43% margin. Jones did not win over as many black voters as Dow had won, but he traded it off with gains in white voters from Dow's endorsement. Dow formally left office the first week of October 2005.
Hurricane Katrina.
Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast two weeks after the non-partisan primary election and two weeks before the non-partisan runoff. Katrina actually determined the course of a city council race as an African-American incumbent used pictures from New Orleans tying the scenes of black victims of the storm to supporters of his opponents. It caused a backlash amongst white voters in the district and led to his defeat. The councilman, Thomas Sullivan, had been an ally of Dow while on the council, he was replaced with William Carroll, a black Catholic contractor who had played football for McGill-Toolen and had served as a staffer for Senator Howell Heflin.
During Katrina, Mobile received hurricane force winds and the worst surge it had seen since the Hurricane of 1916, with areas that hadn't flooded since being built upon flooding. Damage was heavy in the Dog River area, and among the numerous creeks and culverts that cross through the city. It was also responsible for heavy flooding downtown. Dow was at the press conference that Bush held at Mobile Regional Airport in which the lines "heck of a job, Brownie" were uttered. Dow can be recognized in the footage through his short stature, gray hair and mustache. Because it hit at the end of his term, Hurricane Katrina did not have much of an impact on the overall legacy of Dow, as this work went to his successor in the mayor's office, Samuel L. Jones.
Post Mayoral career.
After stepping down from office, Dow once again went to work for his brother-in-law, this time for the Centra-Lite venture. He also became involved with the effort to create the Alabama Motorsports Park on a site located north of Mobile, with Dow playing a major role in the selection of the Mobile County site over a possible site in Baldwin County. Dow currently serves as a member of the board of the track venture that seems to have stalled its plans to build in north Mobile County.
Political Future.
Political Affiliation.
Mobile city elections are non-partisan, and Dow himself made it a point to keep party politics out of city government. Practically speaking, at the end of his term, his coalition consisted white self-identified Republicans who won on middle and upper class support, and black self-identified Democrats. His opposition consisted of self-identified white Republicans who relied on blue collar "white backlash" support. City elections, because of their non-partisan nature, allowed these coalitions to develop.
Dow has contributed to both Democratic and Republican candidates and has backers who are affiliated with both parties. If he runs for a partisan office, the decision of party will likely be based on an electability calculation. It should be said however, that his association with Mobile and his support of legal gambling would make him subject to Evangelical opposition in a Republican primary and his wife is a known Democrat who ran for a seat as a delegate to the 2004 Democratic National Convention. Dow might have a less difficult time running in a Democratic Party primary than as a Republican.
Potential run as a Democrat.
Speculation by pundits and supporters that he might run (as a Democrat) in 2010 for Governor or for Congress in 2012 (had Alabama Democrats succeeded in maintaining their legislative majorities and redrawing ("gerrymandering") a Mobile-based seat favorable to them, which they were unable to) never materialized. Dow's former mayoral colleague from Montgomery, Bobby Bright, opted to run as a center-right Democrat in the 2nd district in 2008, and narrowly succeeded because of an internecine GOP split, only to lose in 2010 almost entirely because of his party affiliation in a GOP-leaning district. With Alabama's solidifying realignment to the Republicans in the time since Dow's retirement from the mayorship, it makes it a much more daunting task for a Democrat to carry the state (or win any Congressional district outside of the Black majority 7th). 
Short of Jo Bonner's retirement in the 1st district (which the GOP would still be favored to hold, as it has since 1964), the next opportunity for Dow to run would be for Governor in 2014 (where he would ostensibly face the incumbent, Republican Robert J. Bentley) or to wait until an open seat occurs in 2018, by which time Dow will be 71.
Legacy.
Downtown Rebirth.
Many of his supporters believe the chief legacy of the Dow administration has been the rebirth of Mobile's downtown area. However, it may be Arthur Outlaw who deserves the credit since Mr. Outlaw initiated the Convention Center downtown. The downtown area is now undergoing a historic boom, both commercially and residentially. There is a strong desire for residential facilities downtown, but the economy has prevented any development. Additionally,there has been stagnation of Mobile's population over the last 10 years and there has been migration of citizens to the county and across the Mobile Bay. Unfortunately, as of 2011 the cruise industry has pulled out of Mobile, and the $27 million cruise terminal is now vacant (the city pays $2 million a year on the note). The BayBears are also struggling to pay their obligation back to the city for the stadium. The city is presently (2012) struggling financially and part of the problem can be attributed to the debt service the Dow initiatives have obligated the city to pay. The city has difficulty keeping experienced police and maintaining its infrastructure because of diminished capital revenues.

</doc>
<doc id="19283116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283116" title="Simple Times">
Simple Times

Simple Times is the second studio album by American folk musician Joshua Radin. It was released on September 9, 2008 on iTunes and in stores on September 30, 2008. It has a release date of 12 April 2010 on the UK iTunes Store. The UK release features radio edits of "One Of Those Days", "I'd Rather Be With You", and "Brand New Day", all slightly shorter than the U.S. album versions.
Music video.
A music video for the song "I'd Rather Be with You" was released in November 2008, directed by Zach Braff. A second video for "I'd Rather Be With You" starring Hayden Panettiere was released in early 2010.
Reception.
Critical.
Giving the album two-and-a-half stars out of four, Chuck Arnold with "People" magazine said that Radin "delivers on modest pleasures like "I'd Rather Be with You," even if he never really blows you away."
Charts.
The album debuted at number 34 on the Billboard 200, selling about 14,000 copies in its first week.

</doc>
<doc id="19283126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283126" title="Andy Bull">
Andy Bull

Andy Bull is an Australian alt-pop/ singer-songwriter producer, based in Sydney. He is best known for his self produced 2013 single "Keep On Running" as well as his prolific Australian touring.
Early years.
Bull began performing in and around Sydney in the early 2000's.
Bull signed to Island Records, a part of Universal Music Australia, in 2007.
In May 2009, Bull toured in support of Lisa Mitchell's Australian tour, prior to the July release of her Platinum selling debut album "Wonder". During the tour, Bull performed his support set solo. For her own set, Mitchell was to play guitar, accompanied by bass player Jan Bangma and drummer Robert Vasey. Before the second show of the tour, however, Mitchell's hand was cut in an accident. Due to Mitchell's injury, she was unable to play guitar and so Bull stepped in, learning the set on piano in lieu of the guitar parts. Bull played in the band for the remainder of that tour, fomenting Bull and Mitchell's friendship, which would lead to their collaboration on Bull's song "Dog" the following year. 
2010 and 2011 - "Phantom Pains".
In 2010, Bull began writing new material after relocating to Surry Hills. He was inspired to record a duet with Lisa Mitchell after performing a cover of Madonna's "Like a Prayer" with her and Lanie Lane at Sydney's Enmore Theatre during Mitchell's headlining performance at the venue. The resulting song was "Dog". Its popularity resulted in being featured in the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2010, charting at number 68.
"Dog," along with five other new songs, featured on Bull's "Phantom Pains" EP. Bull played piano, guitar and drums on the EP, as well as nearly all of the vocals. He was also joined by former Red Riders guitarist Adrian Deutsh and Deep Sea Arcade/Tim Finn drummer Carlos Adura, as well as Deep Sea Arcade bassist Nick Weaver. Along with Mitchell, the EP also featured special guests Little Red and Hungry Kids of Hungary as Bull's backing band on the songs "Nothing to Lose" and "Last Waltz," respectively. A music video was made for the EP's title track, in which a man cuts off his thumb in order to get workplace compensation. The EP artwork was painted by Bull, and features a depiction of his left hand with a severed thumb. 
Shortly after this, the second and final single from "Phantom Pains" was announced as "Last Waltz." Bull, Bennison and new drummer Dave Jenkins, Jr. (also of Slow Down Honey) would visit the Triple J studios on 24 March 2011, to perform the song acoustically as a part of the station's "Like a Version" segment. As is customary, the trio also performed a cover, Tears for Fears' "Everybody Wants to Rule the World." The segment and rendition were popularly received, and would later be voted by a Triple J listener poll into the Top 5 'Like a Version' segments for 2011 
On 28 February, Bull was a special guest on Channel 10 comedy panel show "Good News Week". As one of the clues in deciphering a news story from the week, he performed a piano-based version of the Sex Pistols song "God Save the Queen."
Following this tour, Bull was asked to join his friends Hungry Kids of Hungary on their final Australian tour in support of their debut album, "Escapades". Each night of the tour would see Bull performing with his band, as well as performing "Last Waltz" with Hungry Kids of Hungary during their headlining sets.
In August/September 2011, Bull and his band headlined the official Phantom Pains tour of Australia, twelve months after The Phantom Pains EP was released.. The tour included sold out shows at Good God in Sydney; the Northcote Social Club in Melbourne and The Spiegltent in Brisbane (as part of the 2011 Brisbane Festival). 
In December 2011, Bull and band performed at Your Festival in Newcastle, New South Wales, as well as three shows at the Woodford Folk Festival in Woodford, Queensland. At these shows, the trio performed a mix of new material and songs taken from "Phantom Pains".
Current activity.
A new single called "Keep On Running" was premiered on Richard Kingsmill's 2013 new music show on Sunday, February 24 and it was added to rotation immediately after. Bull is credited with production, and all instruments but drums. The track was mixed by Paul McKercher and mastered by Leon Zervos. A video was also released for the single, directed by Nelson Alves. 
Another single "Baby I Am Nobody Now" was released in July 2013, Bull is credited with production and all instruments. The track was mixed by Paul McKercher and mastered by Leon Zervos. A video was also released for the single, directed by Nelson Alves.
In June 2013, Bull signed to US Record Label Republic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19283127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283127" title="Fraley">
Fraley

Fraley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19283128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283128" title="COROT-4">
COROT-4

COROT-4 (formerly known as COROT-Exo-4) is a yellow-white dwarf main-sequence star in the constellation Monoceros.
Planetary system.
The star is orbited by one known extrasolar planet, designated COROT-4b.It was catalogued as part of the COROT mission to find transiting planets, when a planet was spotted using the transit method.

</doc>
<doc id="19283139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283139" title="Economy of Lithuania">
Economy of Lithuania

Lithuania is a member of the European Union and the biggest economy among three Baltic states. GDP per capita reached USD 17,800 in 2008 and was higher than all of its neighbors – Latvia, Poland, Russia and Belarus. 
GDP per capita in Lithuania is 70% above the world's average of US$10,500. Lithuania has a favorable legislative basis for business as the country is ranked the 3rd in the region of Eastern Europe and Central Asia and the 26th in the world by the Ease of Doing Business Index prepared by the World Bank Group. Lithuania is ranked the 30th out of 179 countries in the Index of Economic Freedom, measured by The Heritage Foundation. According to the Human Development Report 2011, Lithuania belongs to the group of very high human development countries. 
Having moved away from central planning system in the late 1980s, in 1990, Lithuania was the first to break away from the Soviet Union and become an independent capitalist economy. Lithuania soon implemented liberal reforms and became one of the fastest growing countries in the world last decade, as GDP growth rate was positive 9 years in a row till 2009. It enjoyed high growth rates after entering the European Union along with other Baltic states, leading to the notion of a Baltic Tiger. Current excellent telecommunication infrastructure and well-educated, multilingual workforce give the possibility to provide high quality business services and produce manufacturing products worldwide.
In 2005 the GDP grew by 7.5% and the inflation rate was 3%. GDP growth reached its height in 2007, increasing by 8.9%. Lithuania was the last among the Baltic states to be hit by the economic crisis because its GDP growth rate in 2008 was still positive. In the third quarter of 2009, compared to the previous quarter, GDP grew again by 6.9% after 5 quarters with negative numbers. Rebound in Lithuania's economy in the third quarter was the fastest in the EU. In the last quarter of 2009 Lithuanian economy rose moderately by 0.1%, however the Finance Ministry of Lithuania forecasts that Lithuania's economy will keep growing by 1.6% in 2010 and by 3.2% in 2011. In 2011 real growth was higher than expected at first and reached 5.9%.
History of economy.
The history of Lithuania can be divided into 7 major periods. All the periods have some interesting and important facts that had an impact on the economic situation of the country in those times. 
History up to the 20th century.
The first Lithuanians were a branch of an ancient ethnic group known as the Balts. The tribes maintained close trade contacts with the Roman Empire. Amber was the main good provided to the Roman Empire from Baltic Sea coast, by a long route called the Amber Road. 
Consolidation of the Lithuanian lands began in the late 12th century. Mindaugas, the first Lithuanian ruler, was crowned as Catholic King of Lithuania in 1253. The expansion of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania reached its height in the middle of the 14th century under the Grand Duke Gediminas, who created a strong central government which later spread from the Black Sea to the Baltic Sea. The duchy was open to everyone. Grand Duke Gediminas issued letters to the Hanseatic league, offering free access to his domains to men of every order and profession from nobles and knights to tillers of the soil. Economic immigrants had a positive impact, improving the level of handicrafts. 
In 1569, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth was formed by the union of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The economy of the Commonwealth was dominated by feudal agriculture based on the exploitation of the agricultural workforce (serfs). Poland-Lithuania played a significant role in the supply of 16th century Western Europe by exporting three sorts of goods, notably grain (rye), cattle (oxen) and fur. These three articles amounted to nearly 90% of the country's exports to western markets by overland and maritime trade.
The Commonwealth was famous for Europe's first and the world's second modern codified national constitution, the so-called Constitution of 3 May, declared on 3 May 1791, after the 1788 ratification of the United States Constitution. Economic and commercial reforms, previously shunned as unimportant by the Szlachta, were introduced, and the development of industries was encouraged. 
Following the partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1772, 1793 and 1795, the Russian Empire controlled the majority of Lithuania. One of the most important reforms during the pressure of the Russian Empire that affected economic relations was the Emancipation Reform of 1861 in Russia. The reform amounted to the liquidation of serf dependence previously suffered by peasants and boosted the development of capitalism.
Lithuania in the 20th century.
On 16 February 1918, the Council of Lithuania passed a resolution for the re-establishment of the Independent State of Lithuania. Soon, many economic reforms for sustainable economic growth were implemented. A national currency, called the Lithuanian litas, was introduced in 1922. It proved to become one of the most stable currencies in Europe during the inter-war period. During the time of its independence, 1918–1940, Lithuania made substantial progress. For example, Lithuania was the second in the world in exporting flax; Lithuanian farm products such as meat, dairy products, many kinds of grain, potatoes, etc. were of superior quality in the world market.
Having taken advantage of favorable international developments, and driven by its foreign policy aims directed against Lithuanian statehood, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) occupied Lithuania in 1940. Land and the most important objects for the economy were nationalized, and most of the farms collectivized. Later, many inefficient factories and industry companies, highly dependent on other regions of USSR, were established in Lithuania. Despite that, in 1990, GDP per capita of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic was USD 8,591, which was above the average for the rest of the Soviet Union of USD 6,871 but lagging behind developed western countries.
The Soviet era brought Lithuania intensive industrialization and economic integration into the USSR, although the level of technology and state concern for environmental, health, and labor issues lagged far behind Western standards. Urbanization increased from 39% in 1959 to 68% in 1989. From 1949–1952 the Soviets abolished private ownership in agriculture, establishing collective and state farms. Production declined and did not reach pre-war levels until the early 1960s. The intensification of agricultural production through intense chemical use and mechanization eventually doubled production but created additional ecological problems. This changed after independence, when farm production dropped due to difficulties in restructuring the agricultural sector.
Development since the 1990s.
Reforms since the mid-1990s have given Lithuania an open and rapidly growing economy. Open to global trade and investment, Lithuania now enjoys high degrees of business, fiscal and financial freedom. Regulation is relatively transparent and efficient. Foreign capital and domestic capital are subject to the same rules as Lithuania is a member of the EU and the WTO. The financial sector is advanced, regionally integrated, and subject to few intrusive regulations. 
One of the most important reforms since Lithuania regained its independence was the privatization of state owned assets. The first stage of privatization was being implemented in 1991–1995. Citizens were given investment vouchers worth LTL 10.5 billion (USD 2.63 billion) in nominal value, which let them participate in assets selling. By October 1995, they were used as follows: 65% for acquisition of shares; 19% for residential dwellings; 5% for agricultural properties; and 7% remained unused. More than 5700 enterprises with LTL 7 billion (USD 1.75 billion) worth of state capital in book value were sold using four initial privatization methods: share offerings; auctions; best business plans competitions; and hard currency sales.
The second privatization step began in 1995 by approving a new law that ensured greater diversity of privatization methods and that enabled participation in the selling process without vouchers. During the period 1996–1998, 526 entities were sold for more than LTL 2.3 billion (USD 0.58 billion). Before the reforms, the public sector totally dominated the economy, where as the current share of the private sector in GDP increased to over 80%.
The implementation of the monetary reform was one of the key success factors for the stability of the economy. Lithuania has chosen a currency board system formed and controlled by the Bank of Lithuania that is independent from any government institution. On 25 June 1993, the Lithuanian litas was introduced as a free convertible currency, but on 1 April 1994 it was pegged to the United States dollar at a rate of 4 to 1. The mechanism of the currency board system enabled Lithuania to stabilize inflation rates to single digits. The litas soon became a reliable currency as the litas is fully backed by foreign currency. The stable currency rate helped to establish foreign economic relations, therefore leading to a constant growth of foreign trade. 
By 1998, the economy had survived the early years of uncertainty and several setbacks, including a banking crisis, and seemed poised for solid growth. However, the collapse of the Russian ruble in August 1998 shocked the economy into negative growth and forced the reorientation of trade from Russia towards the West.
Lithuania was invited to the Helsinki EU summit in December 1999 to begin EU accession talks in early 2000.
After the Russian monetary crisis, the focus of Lithuania's export markets shifted from East to West. In 1997, exports to the Soviet Union's successor entity (the Commonwealth of Independent States) made up 45% of total Lithuanian exports. This share of exports dropped to 21% of the total in 2006, while exports to EU members increased to 63% of the total.
Exports to the United States made up 4.3% of all Lithuania's exports in 2006, and imports from the United States comprised 2% of total imports. Foreign direct investment (FDI) in 2005 was 2.6 billion litas, which represented an increase of only 4.6% compared to the same period in the previous year.
Since 2 February 2002 the litas has been pegged to the euro at a rate of 3.4528 to 1. The rate is not expected to change until Lithuania becomes a member of the Eurozone. Lithuania was very close to introducing the euro in 2007, but unfortunately the inflation level was somewhat above the Maastricht requirements. The current tough economic situation precludes compliance with the Maastricht criteria on budget balance, so Lithuania cannot expect to have the euro before 2013–2015. 
The Vilnius Stock Exchange (VSE), now renamed the NASDAQ OMX Vilnius, started its activity in 1993 and was the first stock exchange in the Baltic states. In 2003, the VSE was acquired by OMX. Since 27 February 2008 the Vilnius Stock Exchange has been a member of NASDAQ OMX Group, which is the world's largest exchange company across six continents, with over 3800 listed companies. The market cap of Vilnius Stock Exchange was LTL 11.7 billion (EUR 3.4 billion) on 27 November 2009 and was twice as large as the ones of Riga and Tallinn Stock Exchanges. 
During the last decade (1998–2008) the structure of Lithuania's economy has changed significantly. The biggest changes were recorded in the agricultural sector as the share of total employment decreased from 19.2% in 1998 to just 7.9% in 2008. The service sector plays an increasingly important role in the economy of Lithuania. The share of GDP in financial intermediation and real estate sectors was 17% in 2008 compared to 11% in 1998. The share of total employment in the financial sector in 2008 has doubled compared with 1998.
Lithuania in the 21st century.
The economy of Lithuania was one of the fastest growing in the world last decade (1998–2008) as GDP growth rate was positive 9 years in a row. Since the year 2000 GDP has almost doubled with a growth rate of 77%. 
One of the most important factors for substantial economic expansion was the accession to the WTO in 2001 and the EU in 2004, which enabled free movement of the labour force, capital and trade between the Member States. On the other hand, rapid economic expansion has caused some imbalances in inflation and balance of payments. The current account deficit to GDP ratio in 2006–2008 was in double digits and reached its peak at threatening 18.8% in the first quarter of 2008. This was mostly influenced by rapid loan portfolio growth as Scandinavian banks provided cheap credits in Lithuania. The loans directly related to acquisition and development of real estate constituted around half of outstanding bank loans to the private sector. Consumption was affected by credit expansion as well. This led to high inflation of goods and services, as well as trade deficit. 
The global credit crunch which started in 2008 affected the real estate and retail sectors. The construction sector shrank by 46.8% during the first 3 quarters of 2009 and the slump in retail trade was almost 30%. GDP plunged by 15.7% in the first nine months of 2009. 
Lithuania was the last among the Baltic states to be hit by the economic crisis because its GDP growth rate in 2008 was still positive. In the third quarter of 2009, compared to the previous quarter, GDP again grew by 6.1% after five-quarters with negative numbers. The rebound in Lithuania's economy in the third quarter was the fastest in the EU. 
A heavy shock to consumers helped to balance the current account in 2009. Net external assets of the Bank of Lithuania are at a record height of EUR 5.46 billion. Inflation in Lithuania is no longer a problem. Economic sentiment and confidence of all business activities have rebounded from a record low at the beginning of the year 2009 and suggest further improvements in the economy. 
Sectors related to domestic consumption and real estate are still suffering from the economic crisis. However, exporters have started making profits even with lower levels of revenue. The catalysts of growing profit margins are lower raw material prices and staff expense.
Tax system.
Lithuania has a favorable tax system. There are four main types of taxes: personal income tax (15% + 6% health insurance contribution); value added tax (21%); corporate profit tax (15%); and social security tax on employers (31% + employee's contribution of 3%). 5% corporate tax for small business was introduced on 1 January 2010. Additional taxes are tax on dividends (0–15% – dividends paid or received are not taxed when an investor controls at least 10% of voting shares in the enterprise for the period of at least 12 months), real estate tax (0.3–1.0%) and a land tax of 1.5% on businesses. The overall tax burden in Lithuania is one of the smallest among all EU countries. 
Lithuania attracts foreign investors not only because of small tax burden but also because of a skilled workforce, a well-developed infrastructure and a bigger domestic market than the other two Baltic states combined. Cumulative foreign direct investment (FDI) at the beginning of the year 2009 was LTL 31.6 billion (EUR 9.2 billion). The manufacturing sector constituted 28% of total FDI, real estate and business activity sector received 20% of total FDI, and financial intermediation a little bit less – 19%. 4/5 of FDI came from the EU countries. Top countries-investors are Sweden (17% of total FDI), Germany (10%) and Denmark (9%). 
Lithuania has an ambitious plan to become a Northern European innovation centre by 2020. To reach this goal, it is putting its efforts into attracting FDI to added-value sectors, especially IT services, software development, and consulting services, as well as finance or logistics. Well-known international companies, such as Microsoft, IBM, Transcom, Barclays, Siemens, SEB, TeliaSonera, Paroc, Philip Morris and others, have already established a presence in Lithuania. 
Lithuania has prepared an attractive environment for business start-ups in two free economic zones (FEZ) in Kaunas and Klaipėda. FEZs offer not only developed infrastructure for investments and service support but also tax incentives: a FEZ is free from the corporate tax for the first six years, as well as free from tax on dividends and real estate tax. There are nine industrial sites in Lithuania, which can also provide additional advantages by having a well-developed infrastructure, offering consultancy service and some tax incentives. 
The transport infrastructure inherited from the Soviet period is adequate and has been generally well maintained since independence. Its single port in Klaipėda is ice-free and supplies ferry services to German, Swedish, and Danish ports. There are a few commercial airports; scheduled international services use the facilities at Vilnius, Kaunas, and Klaipėda. The road system is well developed, including the Via Baltica highway passing through Kaunas.
Border facilities at checkpoints with Poland were significantly improved with the help of EU funds, but long waits had been a frequent phenomenon until 21 December 2007 when the Schengen Agreement came in force in both countries. Telecommunications have improved greatly since independence as a result of heavy investment. There are currently three large companies providing mobile phone services. [http://www.omnitel.lt/?i3_en [http://www.tele2.lt].
Workforce.
The number of the population aged 15 years and over is 2.85 million, and 1.52 million of them were employed in 2008. The population with higher education was 0.54 million, or more than 35% of employed people. This ratio demonstrates that workforce in Lithuania is one of the best-educated in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) and is twice the EU-15 average. About 90% of Lithuanians speak at least one foreign language; every second person speaks two foreign languages and every third person speaks English . 
Lithuania takes the first position in the EU by the number of students in the country. Compared to the EU's average of 15%, only 7% of 18–24-year-old people in Lithuania are not occupied with studies, the lowest percentage in the EU, announced the European Commission in the end of 2009. School-leavers can choose from 22 universities or 28 colleges for further studies, so 74% of pupils graduated from an upper secondary school continue studies in schools of higher education. Every year more than 30 thousand students graduate from universities or colleges, so the population with higher education is gradually increasing. The most popular higher education programs are business and administration, education science, law, and social sciences. 
During the last decade (1998–2008) salaries have more than doubled in Lithuania. Despite this, labour costs in Lithuania are among the lowest in the EU. Average monthly net salary in the third quarter of 2009 was LTL 1665 (EUR 482) and decreased by 6% compared to the same quarter in 2008. The sharpest annual decrease in hourly labour costs in the EU of −10.9% was observed in Lithuania in the third quarter of 2009. 
The unemployment rate in Lithuania is very volatile. Since the year 2001, the unemployment rate has decreased from almost 20% to less than 4% in 2007. This could be explained by two main reasons. Firstly, during the time of rapid economic expansion, numerous work places were established. This caused a decrease in the unemployment rate and a rise in staff expenses. Secondly, emigration has also reduced unemployment problems since accession to the EU. However, the current economic crisis has lowered the need for workers, so the unemployment rate increased to 13.8% and then stabilized in the third quarter of 2009.
Sectors of economy.
High value added production.
High value added production is increasing in Lithuania. Several companies produce pharmaceutical substances, components for molecular diagnostics and other sophisticated biotech products. 80% of the production is exported to more than 70 countries. Lithuanian pharmaceutical companies are expanding to foreign markets by acquiring companies in Slovakia and Poland.
Lithuania has over 50% of the world's market for high-energy picosecond lasers, and is a leader in global production of ultra-fast parametric light generators. Lithuanian laser companies were among the first ones in the world to transfer fundamental research into manufacture. Lithuania's laser producers export laser technologies and devices to nearly 100 countries, including EU members, the USA, Japan, Israel, and Switzerland, mostly for universities and corporate laboratories for scientific research purposes. 
Recent global broadband Internet studies show that Lithuania has the fastest Internet in the world, as well as is one of the leading countries in terms of Internet service quality. The broadband speed analysis tool that allows anyone to test their Internet connection Speedtest.net places Lithuania as No. 1 on the list of the world's top countries by upload speed. Lithuania is also on the list of the world's top countries of download speed. Lithuania has one of the highest mobile telephone penetration rates, as well. With a subscription rate of 149 per 100 population, Lithuania is ranked the 8th in the world.
An excellent telecommunication infrastructure and a well-educated, multilingual workforce enable Lithuania to provide high quality business services worldwide. Business services vary from financial to accounting and reporting services. The share of value added in this sector reaches 13%.
Service sector.
The service sector accounts for the largest share of GDP. One of the most important sub-sectors is information and communication technologies. 37 thousand employees work for more than 2000 ICT companies. ICT received 9.5% of total FDI. 11 out of 20 biggest IT companies from Baltic countries are based in Lithuania. Lithuania exported 31% of its IT services in the first quarter of 2009.
Development of shared services and outsourcing of business processes (BPO) is one of the most promising fields in Lithuania. The research company Datamonitor forecasts a 60% personnel growth by 2009. International companies successfully outsourcing business operations in Lithuania are Barclays Bank PLC, CITCO Group, MIRROR, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Anthill, Ernst&Young and etc.
Manufacturing.
Manufacturing constitutes the biggest part of gross value added in Lithuania. More than 57 thousand people were employed in food processing in 2008. The food processing sector constitutes 11% of total exports. Dairy products, especially cheese, are well known in neighbouring countries. Another important manufacturing activity is chemical products. 80% of production is exported so chemical products constitute 12.5% of total exports. 
Furniture production activity employs more than 50 thousand people. This sector has grown in double-digit numbers over the last three years. The biggest companies in this field work in cooperation with IKEA and provide high quality products at competitive prices. IKEA also owns one of the biggest wood processing companies in Lithuania. 
Companies in the automotive and engineering sector are relatively small but offer flexible services for small and non-standard orders at competitive prices. The sector employs about 3% of the working population and receives 5.6% of FDI. Vilnius Gediminas Technical University, the biggest technical university in Baltic countries, prepares experts for the sector.
Financial sector.
The financial sector concentrates mostly on the domestic market. There are nine commercial banks holding a license from the Bank of Lithuania and eight foreign bank branches. Most of the banks belong to international corporations, mainly Scandinavian. The financial sector has demonstrated incredible growth in the last decade (1998–2008). Bank assets were only LTL 11.2 billion (USD 2.8 billion) or 25.5% from GDP at the beginning of the year 2000. Half of the bank assets consisted of loan portfolio. 
By the beginning of the year 2009, bank assets grew to LTL 89.7 billion (EUR 26 billion) or 80.8% to GDP, the loan portfolio reached LTL 71.4 billion (EUR 20.7 billion). The loan to GDP ratio was 64%. The growth of deposits was not as fast as that of loans. At the end of 2008, the loan portfolio was almost twice as big as that of deposits. It demonstrated high dependence on external financing. Contraction in the loan portfolio has been recorded over the past year, so the loans to deposits ratio are slowly getting back to healthy levels.
Utilities sector.
The utilities sector accounts for more than 3% of gross value added in Lithuania. Electricity production exceeded 12 billion kWh in 2007, and consumption exceeded 9.6 billion kWh . Electricity production surplus is exported. 
Lithuania had a working nuclear power plant in Visaginas, which had a 72% share in electricity generation. However, the government undertook a commitment to decommission the nuclear power plant by the end of 2009, and the plant was shut on 31 December 2009. The supply of heating energy has been modernized during the last decade (1998–2008). Technological loss in the heat energy system has decreased significantly from 26.2% in the year 2000 to 16.7% in 2008. The amount of air pollution was reduced by one third. The share of renewable energy resources in the total fuel balance for heat production increased to almost 20%.
Tourism.
The tourism sector is becoming increasingly important for the economy of Lithuania. It constituted almost 3% of GDP in 2008. Having an untouched ecological countryside with rich natural resources (22 000 rivers and rivulets, and about 3000 lakes), a well-developed rural tourism network, a unique coastal area of almost 100 km and four UNESCO World Heritage sites, Lithuania receives more than 2.2 million foreign tourists a year. The biggest tourist flows arrive from neighbouring countries: Poland; Russia; Latvia; and Belarus. Other important countries for Lithuania's tourism are Germany, the United Kingdom, Finland and Italy. Kempinski Hotel Cathedral Square near Vilnius Cathedral is regarded as the best hotel in Europe.
Agriculture.
Despite a decreased share in GDP, the agricultural sector is still important for Lithuania as it employs almost 8% of the work force and supplies materials for the food processing sector. 44.8% of the land is arable. Total crop area was 1.8 million hectares in 2008. Cereals, wheat and triticale are the most popular production of farms. The number of livestock and poultry has decreased twofold compared to the 1990s. The number of cattle in Lithuania at the beginning of the year 2009 was 770 thousand, the number of dairy cows was 395 thousand, and the number of poultry was 9.1 million. Lithuanians have changed their habits of foodstuff consumption somewhat. During the period 1992–2008, consumption of vegetables increased by 30% to 86 kg per capita, and consumption of meat and its products increased by 23% during the same period to 81 kg per capita. On the other hand, consumption of milk and dairy products has decreased to 268 kg per capita by 21%, and the consumption of bread and grain products decreased to 114 kg per capita by 19% as well.
Regional situation.
Lithuania is divided into 10 counties. There are five cities with a population over 100 thousand and twelve cities of over 30 thousand people. The gross regional product is concentrated in the three largest counties – Vilnius, Kaunas and Klaipėda. These three counties account for 70% of the gross domestic product while having just 59% of the population. Service centers and industry are concentrated there. In five counties (those of Alytus, Marijampole, Panevėžys, Šiauliai and Tauragė), GDP per capita is still below 80% of the national average. 
In order to achieve balanced regional distribution of GDP, nine public industrial parks (Akmene Industrial Park, Alytus Industrial Park, Kedainiai Industrial Park, Marijampole Industrial Park, Pagegiai Industrial Park, Panevzys Industrial Park, Radviliskis Industrial Park, Ramygala Industrial Park and Šiauliai Industrial Park) and three private industrial parks (Tauragė Private Industrial Park, Sitkunai Private Industrial Park, Ramučiai Private Logistic and Industrial Park) were established to provide some tax incentives and prepared physical infrastructure.
While the growth in the 1990s was largely constrained to the cities of Vilnius and Klaipėda, in the 2000s the situation changed. Babilonas real estate development, the largest in the Baltic States by land area, was conceived in the fifth-largest city Panevėžys in 2004. In years 2006 – 2008 the large-scale development also reached cities of Kaunas and Šiauliai and some smaller towns.
Infrastructure.
The transport, storage and communication sector has increased its importance to the economy of Lithuania. In 2008, it accounted for 12.1% of GDP compared to 9.1% in 1996. Lithuania became a well-developed transport corridor between the East and the West. Having a high-quality and dense road network, Lithuania has achieved significant growth in the amount of goods carried both by road and by rail transport. The volume of goods transported by road transport has increased fivefold since 1996. The total length of roadways is more than 80 thousand km, and 90% of them are paved. The government is demonstrating high attention to the quality of road infrastructure by increasing their funding. The funding of roads exceeded LTL 1.75 billion (EUR 0.5 billion) in 2008.
Railways.
Railway transport in Lithuania provides long-distance passenger and cargo services. Railways carry approximately 50 million tons of cargo and 7 million passengers a year. Direct rail routes link Lithuania with Russia, Belarus, Latvia, Poland, and Germany. Also, the main transit route between Russia and Russia's Kaliningrad Region passes through Lithuania. JSC "Lithuanian Railways" transports about 44% of the freight carried through the territory of Lithuania. This is a very high indicator compared to other countries of the European Union, where freight transportation by rail amounts to only 10% of the total.
Sea port.
The northern-most and one of the few ice-free seaports on the eastern shore of the Baltic Sea is located in the western part of Lithuania. The Port of Klaipėda is a regional transport hub connecting the sea, land and railway routes from east and west. Compared to neighbouring Eastern Baltic seaports, the Port of Klaipėda has the widest shipping line network with other seaports. The Port of Klaipėda handles roughly 7,000 ships and 30 million tons of cargo every year, and accepts large-tonnage vessels: dry-cargo vessels up to 70,000 DWT, tankers up to 100,000 DWT and cruise ships up to 270 meters of length. The ice-free seaport of Klaipėda is able to receive "Panamax"-type vessels. One of the fastest growing segments of sea transport is passenger traffic. Passenger traffic has increased fourfold since 2002.
Warehousing.
There are more than 600,000 m2 of modern logistics and warehousing facilities in Lithuania. The biggest supply of new, modern warehousing facilities is in the capital city Vilnius (after the completion of several new projects in the third quarter of 2009, the supply of modern warehousing premises has increased by nearly 12% in Vilnius and currently reaches 334,400 m2 of the rentable area). Kaunas is in the second place (around 200,000 m2), and Klaipėda in the third (122,500 m2). Since the beginning of the year 2009, prices for warehousing premises have dropped by 20–25% in Vilnius, Kaunas and Klaipėda, and the current level of rents has reached the level of 2003. The costs for renting new warehouses in Vilnius, Kaunas and Klaipėda are similar and reach 2.6 to 4.9 LTL/m2 (0.75 to 1.42 EUR/m2), while the rents of old warehouses are 1.2 to 2.3 LTL/m2 (0.35 to 0.67 EUR/m2).
International trade.
International trade for such a small country as Lithuania is crucial. The ratio of foreign trade to GDP has always been at least 100%, and for the last several years exceeded it. 
The EU is the biggest trade partner of Lithuania with a 58% of total imports and 64% of total exports during the first ten months of the year 2009. The Commonwealth of Independent States is the second economic union that Lithuania trades the most with, with a share of imports of 34% and a share of exports of 23% during the same period. The vast majority of commodities, including oil, gas and metals have to be imported, mainly from Russia. For this reason, Russia is the biggest import partner of Lithuania. 
The import of mineral products has a significant share of 30%, as Lithuania has an oil refinery company owned by Polish concern PKN ORLEN, "ORLEN Lietuva", with a refining capacity of 9 million tons a year. The revenues of the company were more than LTL 17 billion (EUR 4.9 billion) in 2008. "Orlen Lietuva" received 78% of its sales or LTL 13.7 billion (EUR 4 billion) from foreign markets in comparison with total export of Lithuania of LTL 55.5 billion (EUR 16.1 billion) in 2008.
Some sectors are directed mainly at export markets. Transport and logistics export 2/3 of their products and/or services; the biotechnology industry exports 80%; plastics export 52%; laser technologies export 86%; metal processing, machinery and electric equipment export 64%; furniture and wood processing export 55%; textile and clothing export 76%; and the food industry exports 36%. 
The total value of natural resources in Lithuania reaches LTL 58 billion (EUR 16.8 billion) or 50% of Lithuania's GDP in 2008. The most valuable natural resource in Lithuania is subterranean water, which constitutes more than a half of the total value of natural resources.

</doc>
<doc id="19283141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283141" title="Mansour Sora Wade">
Mansour Sora Wade

Mansour Sora Wade (born in Dakar, 1952) is a Senegalese film director of Lebou people ancestry. He studied at Paris 8 University and went on to direct the audiovisual archives for the Senegalese Ministry of Culture, a job he held from 1977 to 1985. He began making short films in 1983. In 2002 he won the Tanit d'or.

</doc>
<doc id="19283151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283151" title="History of Puerto Rico">
History of Puerto Rico

The history of Puerto Rico began with the settlement of the archipelago of Puerto Rico by the Ortoiroid people between 3000 and 2000 BC. Other tribes, such as the Saladoid and Arawak Indians, populated the island between 430 BC and 1000 AD. At the time of Christopher Columbus's arrival in the New World in 1492, the dominant indigenous culture was that of the Taínos. The Taíno peoples numbers went dangerously low during the latter half of the 16th century because of new infectious diseases carried by Europeans, exploitation by Spanish settlers, and warfare.
Located in the northeastern Caribbean, Puerto Rico formed a key part of the Spanish Empire from the early years of the exploration, conquest and colonization of the New World. The island was a major military post during many wars between Spain and other European powers for control of the region in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries. The smallest of the Greater Antilles, Puerto Rico was a stepping-stone in the passage from Europe to Cuba, Mexico, Central America, and the northern territories of South America. Throughout most of the 19th century until the conclusion of the Spanish–American War, Puerto Rico and Cuba were the last two Spanish colonies in the New World; they served as Spain's final outposts in a strategy to regain control of the American continents. These two possessions, however, had been demanding more autonomy and had pro-independence movements since the start of the movements in 1808. Realizing that it was in danger of losing its two remaining Caribbean territories, the Spanish Crown revived the Royal Decree of Graces of 1815. The decree was printed in Spanish, English and French in order to attract Europeans, with the hope that the independence movements would lose their popularity and strength with the arrival of new settlers. Free land was offered to those who wanted to populate the islands on the condition that they swear their loyalty to the Spanish Crown and allegiance to the Roman Catholic Church.
In 1898, during the Spanish–American War, Puerto Rico was invaded and subsequently became a possession of the United States. The first years of the 20th century were marked by the struggle to obtain greater democratic rights from the United States. The Foraker Act of 1900, which established a civil government, and the Jones Act of 1917, which made Puerto Ricans U.S. citizens, paved the way for the drafting of Puerto Rico's Constitution and its approval by Congress and Puerto Rican voters in 1952. However, the political status of Puerto Rico, a Commonwealth controlled by the United States, remains an anomaly.
Pre-colonial Puerto Rico.
The settlement of Puerto Rico began with the establishment of the Ortoiroid culture from the Orinoco region in South America. Some scholars suggest that their settlement dates back 4000 years. An archeological dig at the island of Vieques in 1990 found the remains of what is believed to be an Ortoiroid man (named Puerto Ferro man) which was dated to around 2000 BC. The Ortoiroid were displaced by the Saladoid, a culture from the same region that arrived on the island between 430 and 250 BC.
Between the seventh and 11th centuries, the Arawak are thought to have settled the island. During this time the Taíno culture developed, and by approximately 1000 AD, it had become dominant. Taíno culture has been traced to the village of Saladero at the basin of the Orinoco River in Venezuela; the Taíno migrated to Puerto Rico by crossing the Lesser Antilles.
At the time of Columbus' arrival, an estimated 30 to 60 thousand Taíno Amerindians, led by the "cacique" (chief) Agüeybaná, inhabited the island. They called it Boriken, "the great land of the valiant and noble Lord". The natives lived in small villages led by a cacique and subsisted on hunting, fishing and gathering of indigenous cassava root and fruit. When the Spaniards arrived in 1493, the Taíno were already in conflict with the raiding Carib, who were moving up the Antilles chain. The Taíno domination of the island was nearing its end, and the Spanish arrival marked the beginning of their extinction. Their culture, however, remains part of that of contemporary Puerto Rico. Musical instruments such as "maracas" and "güiro", the hammock, and words such as Mayagüez, Arecibo, iguana, and "huracán" (hurricane) are examples of the legacy left by the Taíno.
Spanish rule (1493–1898).
Beginning of colonization.
On September 25, 1493, Christopher Columbus set sail on his second voyage with 17 ships and 1,200–1,500 men from Cádiz. On November 19, 1493 he landed on the island, naming it "San Juan Bautista" in honor of Saint John the Baptist. The first settlement, Caparra, was founded on August 8, 1508 by Juan Ponce de León, a lieutenant under Columbus, who was greeted by the Taino Cacique Agüeybaná and who later became the first governor of the island. Ponce de Leon was actively involved in the Higuey massacre in Puerto Rico. In 1508, Ponce de Leon was chosen by the 
Spanish Crown to lead the conquest and exploitation of the Tainos Indians for gold mining operations. The following year, the settlement was abandoned in favor of a nearby islet on the coast, named Puerto Rico (Rich Port), which had a suitable harbor. In 1511, a second settlement, San Germán was established in the southwestern part of the island. According to the "500TH Florida Discovery Council Round Table", on March 3, 1513, Juan Ponce de León, organized and commenced an expedition (with a Crew of 200-including Women and Free Blacks) departing from "Punta Aguada" Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico was the historic 1st gateway to the discovery of Florida which opened the doors to the advanced settlement of the USA. They introduced Christianity, Cattle, Horses, Sheep, the Spanish language and more to the land (Florida) that later became the United States of America, 107 years before the Pilgrims landed. During the 1520s, the island took the name of Puerto Rico while the port became San Juan.
The Spanish settlers established the first repartimiento system, under which natives were distributed to Spanish officials to be used as slave labor. On December 27, 1512, under pressure from the Roman Catholic Church, Ferdinand II of Aragon issued the Burgos' Laws, which modified the "repartimiento" into a system called "encomiendas", aimed at ending the exploitation. The laws prohibited the use of any form of punishment toward the indigenous people, regulated their work hours, pay, hygiene, and care, and ordered them to be catechized. In 1511, the Taínos revolted against the Spanish; cacique Urayoán, as planned by Agüeybaná II, ordered his warriors to drown the Spanish soldier Diego Salcedo to determine whether the Spaniards were immortal. After drowning Salcedo, they kept watch over his body for three days to confirm his death. The revolt was easily crushed by Ponce de León and within a few decades much of the native population had been decimated by disease, violence, and a high occurrence of suicide.
The Roman Catholic Church, realizing the opportunity to expand its influence, also participated in colonizing the island. On August 8, 1511, Pope Julius II established three dioceses in the New World, one in Puerto Rico and two on the island of Hispaniola under the archbishop of Seville. The Canon of Salamanca, Alonso Manso, was appointed bishop of the Puerto Rican diocese. On September 26, 1512, before his arrival on the island, the first school of advanced studies was established by the bishop. Taking possession in 1513, he became the first bishop to arrive in the Americas. Puerto Rico would also become the first ecclesiastical headquarters in the New World during the reign of Pope Leo X and the general headquarters of the Spanish Inquisition in the New World.
As part of the colonization process, African slaves were brought to the island in 1513. Following the decline of the Taíno population, more slaves were brought to Puerto Rico; however, the number of slaves on the island paled in comparison to those in neighboring islands. Also, early in the colonization of Puerto Rico, attempts were made to wrest control of Puerto Rico from Spain. The Caribs, a raiding tribe of the Caribbean, attacked Spanish settlements along the banks of the Daguao and Macao rivers in 1514 and again in 1521 but each time they were easily repelled by the superior Spanish firepower. However, these would not be the last attempts at control of Puerto Rico. The European powers quickly realized the potential of the newly discovered lands and attempted to gain control of them.
The first school in Puerto Rico and the first school in the United States after Puerto Rico became a US territory, was the Escuela de Gramatica (Grammar School). The school was established by Bishop Alonso Manso in 1513, in the area where the Cathedral of San Juan was to be constructed. The school was free of charge and the courses taught were Latin language, literature, history, science, art, philosophy and theology.
European threats.
Sparked by the possibility of immense wealth, many European powers made attempts to wrest control of the Americas from Spain in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries. Success in invasion varied, and ultimately all Spanish opponents failed to maintain permanent control of the island. In 1528, the French, recognizing the strategic value of Puerto Rico, sacked and burned the southwestern town of San Germán. They also destroyed many of the island's first settlements, including Guánica, Sotomayor, Daguao and Loíza before the local militia forced them to retreat. The only settlement that remained was the capital, San Juan. French corsairs would again sack San Germán in 1538 and 1554.
Spain, determined to defend its possession, began the fortification of the inlet of San Juan in the early 16th century. In 1532, construction of the first fortifications began with "La Fortaleza" (the Fortress) near the entrance to San Juan bay. Seven years later the construction of massive defenses around San Juan began, including Fort San Felipe del Morro astride the entrance to San Juan bay. Later, Fort San Cristóbal and Fort San Jerónimo—built with a financial subsidy from the Mexican mines—garrisoned troops and defended against land attacks. In 1587, engineers Juan de Tejada and Juan Bautista Antonelli redesigned Fort San Felipe del Morro; these changes endure. Politically, Puerto Rico was reorganized in 1580 into a captaincy general to provide for more autonomy and quick administrative responses to military threats.
On November 22, 1595, English privateer Sir Francis Drake—with 27 vessels and 2,500 troops—sailed into San Juan Bay intending to loot the city. Even though San Juan was set ablaze, they were unable to defeat the forces entrenched in the forts. Knowing Drake had failed to overcome the city's defenses by sea, on June 15, 1598, the Royal Navy, led by George Clifford, 3rd Earl of Cumberland, landed troops from 21 ships to the east in Santurce. Clifford and his men met Spanish resistance while attempting to cross the San Antonio bridge (from an area known today as Condado) into the islet of San Juan. Nonetheless, the English conquered the island and held it for several months. They were forced to abandon the island owing to an outbreak of dysentery among the troops. The following year Spain sent soldiers, cannons, and a new governor, Alonso de Mercado, to rebuild the city of San Juan.
The 17th and 18th centuries saw more attacks on the island. On September 25, 1625, the Dutch, under the leadership of Boudewijn Hendrick (Balduino Enrico), attacked San Juan, besieging Fort San Felipe del Morro and La Fortaleza. Residents fled the city but the Spanish, led by Governor Juan de Haro, were able to repel the Dutch troops from Fort San Felipe del Morro. In their retreat the Dutch set the city ablaze. The fortification of San Juan continued; in 1634, Philip IV of Spain fortified Fort San Cristóbal, along with six fortresses linked by a line of sandstone walls surrounding the city. In 1702, the English assaulted the town of Arecibo, located on the north coast, west of San Juan, with no success. In 1797, the French and Spanish declared war on the United Kingdom. The British attempted again to conquer the island, attacking San Juan with an invasion force of 7,000 troops and an armada consisting of 64 warships under the command of General Ralph Abercromby. Captain General Don Ramón de Castro and his army successfully resisted the attack.
Amidst the constant attacks, the first threads of Puerto Rican society emerged. A 1765 census conducted by Lt. General Alejandro O'Reilly showed a total population of 44,883, of which 5,037 (11.2%) were slaves, a low percentage compared to the other Spanish colonies in the Caribbean. In 1786 the first comprehensive history of Puerto Rico—"Historia Geográfica, Civil y Política de Puerto Rico" by Fray Iñigo Abbad y Lasierra—was published in Madrid, documenting the history of Puerto Rico from the time of Columbus' landing in 1493 until 1783. The book also presents a first hand account of Puerto Rican identity, including music, clothing, personality and nationality.
In 1779, Puerto Ricans fought in the American Revolutionary War under the command of Bernardo de Gálvez, who was named Field Marshal of the Spanish colonial army in North America. Puerto Ricans participated in the capture of Pensacola, the capital of the British colony of West Florida and the cities of Baton Rouge, St. Louis and Mobile. The Puerto Rican troops, commanded by Brigadier General Ramón de Castro, helped defeat the British and Indian army of 2,500 soldiers and British warships in Pensacola.
Early 19th century.
The 19th century brought many changes to Puerto Rico, both political and social. In 1809, the Spanish government, in opposition to Napoleon, was convened in Cádiz in southern Spain. While still swearing allegiance to the king, the "Supreme Central Junta" invited voting representatives from the colonies. Ramón Power y Giralt was nominated as the local delegate to the "Cádiz Cortes". The "Ley Power" ("the Power Act") soon followed, which designated five ports for free commerce—Fajardo, Mayagüez, Aguadilla, Cabo Rojo and Ponce—and established economic reforms with the goal of developing a more efficient economy. In 1812, the Cádiz Constitution was adopted, dividing Spain and its territories into provinces, each with a local corporation or council to promote its prosperity and defend its interests; this granted Puerto Ricans conditional citizenship.
On August 10, 1815, the Royal Decree of Grace was issued, allowing foreigners to enter Puerto Rico (including French refugees from Hispaniola), and opening the port to trade with nations other than Spain. This was the beginning of agriculture-based economic growth, with sugar, tobacco and coffee being the main products. The Decree also gave free land to anyone who swore their loyalty to the Spanish Crown and their allegiance to the Roman Catholic Church. Thousands of families from all regions of Spain (particularly Asturias, Catalonia, Majorca and Galicia), Germany, Corsica, Ireland, France, Portugal, the Canary Islands and other locations, escaping from harsh economic times in Europe and lured by the offer of free land, soon immigrated to Puerto Rico. However, these small gains in autonomy and rights were short lived. After the fall of Napoleon, absolute power returned to Spain, which revoked the Cádiz Constitution and reinstated Puerto Rico to its former condition as a colony, subject to the unrestricted power of the Spanish monarch.
The integration of immigrants into Puerto Rican culture and other events changed Puerto Rican society. On June 25, 1835, Queen María Cristina abolished the slave trade to Spanish colonies. In 1851, Governor Juan de la Pezuela Cevallos founded the Royal Academy of Belles Letters. The academy licensed primary school teachers, formulated school methods, and held literary contests that promoted the intellectual and literary progress of the island.
In 1858, Samuel Morse introduced wired communication to Latin America when he established a telegraph system in Puerto Rico. Morse's oldest daughter Susan Walker Morse (1821–1885), would often visit her uncle Charles Pickering Walker who owned the Hacienda Concordia in the town of Guayama. Morse, who often spent his winters at the Hacienda with his daughter and son-in-law, who lived and owned the Hacienda Henriqueta, set a two-mile telegraph line connecting his son-in-law's hacienda to their house in Arroyo. The line was inaugurated on March 1, 1859 in a ceremony flanked by the Spanish and American flags. The first lines transmitted by Morse that day in Puerto Rico were: "Puerto Rico, beautiful jewel! When you are linked with the other jewels of the Antilles in the necklace of the world's telegraph, yours will not shine less brilliantly in the crown of your Queen!"
Minor slave revolts had occurred in the island during this period, However the revolt planned and organized by Marcos Xiorro in 1821, was the most important of them all. Even though the conspiracy was unsuccessful, he achieved legendary status among the slaves and is part of Puerto Rico's folklore.
Struggle for sovereignty.
The last half of the 19th century was marked by the Puerto Rican struggle for sovereignty. A census conducted in 1860 revealed a population of 583,308. Of these, 300,406 (51.5%) were white and 282,775 (48.5%) were persons of color, the latter including people of primarily African heritage, mulattos and mestizos. The majority of the population in Puerto Rico was illiterate (83.7%) and lived in poverty, and the agricultural industry—at the time, the main source of income—was hampered by lack of road infrastructure, adequate tools and equipment, and natural disasters, including hurricanes and droughts. The economy also suffered from increasing tariffs and taxes imposed by the Spanish Crown. Furthermore, Spain had begun to exile or jail any person who called for liberal reforms.
On September 23, 1868, hundreds of men and women in the town of Lares—stricken by poverty and politically estranged from Spain—revolted against Spanish rule, seeking Puerto Rican independence. The "Grito de Lares" ("Lares Cry" or "Lares Uprising") was planned by a group led by Dr. Ramón Emeterio Betances, at the time exiled to the Dominican Republic, and Segundo Ruiz Belvis. Dr. Betances had founded the "Comité Revolucionario de Puerto Rico" (Revolutionary Committee of Puerto Rico) in January 1868. The most important figures in the uprising were Manuel Rojas, Mathias Brugman, Mariana Bracetti, Francisco Ramirez Medina and Lola Rodríguez de Tió. The uprising, although significant, was quickly controlled by Spanish authorities.
Following the "Grito de Lares" revolt, political and social reforms occurred toward the end of the 19th century. On June 4, 1870, due to the efforts of Román Baldorioty de Castro, Luis Padial and Julio Vizcarrondo, the Moret Law was approved, giving freedom to slaves born after September 17, 1868 or over 60 years old; on March 22, 1873, the Spanish National Assembly officially abolished, with a few special clauses, slavery in Puerto Rico. In 1870, the first political organizations on the island were formed as two factions emerged. The Traditionalists, known as the "Partido Liberal Conservador" (Liberal Conservative Party) were led by José R. Fernández, Pablo Ubarri and Francisco Paula Acuña and advocated assimilation into the political party system of Spain. The Autonomists, known as the "Partido Liberal Reformista" (Liberal Reformist Party) were led by Román Baldorioty de Castro, José Julián Acosta, Nicolás Aguayo and Pedro Gerónimo Goico and advocated decentralization away from Spanish control. Both parties would later change their names to "Partido Incondicional Español" (Unconditional Spanish Party) and "Partido Federal Reformista" (Reformist Federal Party), respectively. In March 1887, the "Partido Federal Reformista" was reformed and named the "Partido Autonomista Puertorriqueño" (Puerto Rican Autonomist Party); it tried to create a political and legal identity for Puerto Rico while emulating Spain in all political matters. It was led by Román Baldorioty de Castro, José Celso Barbosa, Rosendo Matienzo Cintrón and Luis Muñoz Rivera.
Leaders of "El Grito de Lares", who were in exile in New York City, joined the Puerto Rican Revolutionary Committee, founded on December 8, 1895, and continued their quest for Puerto Rican independence. In 1897, Antonio Mattei Lluberas and the local leaders of the independence movement of the town of Yauco, organized another uprising, which became known as the "Intentona de Yauco". This was the first time that the current Puerto Rican flag was unfurled in Puerto Rican soil. The local conservative political factions, which believed that such an attempt would be a threat to their struggle for autonomy, opposed such an action. Rumors of the planned event spread to the local Spanish authorities who acted swiftly and put an end to what would be the last major uprising in the island to Spanish colonial rule.
The struggle for autonomy came close to achieving its goal on November 25, 1897, when the "Carta Autonómica" ("Charter of Autonomy"), which conceded political and administrative autonomy to the island, was approved in Spain. In the past 400-plus years, after centuries of colonial rule, Práxedes Mateo Sagasta, the Prime Minister of Spain granted the island an autonomous government on November 25, 1897 in the empire's legislative body in Cádiz, Spain, and trade was opened up with the United States and European colonies. The charter maintained a governor appointed by Spain, who held the power to veto any legislative decision he disagreed with, and a partially elected parliamentary structure. That same year, the "Partido Autonomista Ortodoxo" (Orthodox Autonomist Party), led by José Celso Barbosa and Manuel Fernández Juncos, was founded. On February 9, 1898, the new government officially began. Local legislature set its own budget and taxes. They accepted or rejected commercial treaties concluded by Spain. In February 1898, Governor General Manuel Macías inaugurated the new government of Puerto Rico under the Autonomous Charter which gave town councils complete autonomy in local matters. Subsequently, the governor had no authority to intervene in civil and political matters unless authorized to do so by the Cabinet. General elections were held in March and on July 17, 1898 Puerto Rico's autonomous government began to function, but not for long.
Invasion of 1898.
In 1890, Captain Alfred Thayer Mahan, a member of the Navy War Board and leading U.S. strategic thinker, wrote a book titled "The Influence of Sea Power upon History" in which he argued for the creation of a large and powerful navy modeled after the British Royal Navy. Part of his strategy called for the acquisition of colonies in the Caribbean Sea; these would serve as coaling and naval stations, as well as strategic points of defense after construction of a canal in the Isthmus. Since 1894, the Naval War College had been formulating plans for war with Spain and by 1896, the Office of Naval Intelligence had prepared a plan which included military operations in Puerto Rican waters.
On March 10, 1898, Dr. Julio J. Henna and Robert H. Todd, leaders of the Puerto Rican section of the Cuban Revolutionary Party, began to correspond with United States President William McKinley and the United States Senate in hopes that they would consider including Puerto Rico in the intervention planned for Cuba. Henna and Todd also provided the US government with information about the Spanish military presence on the island. On April 24, Spanish Minister of Defense Segismundo Bermejo sent instructions to Spanish Admiral Cervera to proceed with his fleet from Cape Verde to the Caribbean, Cuba and Puerto Rico. In May, Lt. Henry H. Whitney of the United States Fourth Artillery was sent to Puerto Rico on a reconnaissance mission. He provided maps and information on the Spanish military forces to the US government that would be useful for an invasion.
The Spanish-American War broke out in late April. The American strategy was to seize Spanish colonies in the Atlantic — Puerto Rico and Cuba — and their possessions in the Pacific — the Philippines and Guam. On May 10, Spanish forces at Fort San Cristóbal under the command of Capt. Ángel Rivero Méndez in San Juan exchanged fire with the under the command of Capt. William C. Wise. Two days later, on May 12, a squadron of 12 US ships commanded by Rear Admiral William T. Sampson bombarded installations at San Juan. On June 25, the blocked San Juan harbor. On July 18, General Nelson A. Miles, commander of US forces, received orders to sail for Puerto Rico and to land his troops. On July 21, a convoy with nine transports and 3,300 soldiers, escorted by , sailed for Puerto Rico from Guantánamo. General Nelson Miles landed unopposed at Guánica, located in the southern coast of the island, on July 25, 1898, with the first contingent of American troops. Opposition was met in the southern and central regions of the island but by the end of August the island was under United States control.
On August 12, peace protocols were signed in Washington and Spanish Commissions met in San Juan on September 9 to discuss the details of the withdrawal of Spanish troops and the cession of the island to the United States. On October 1, an initial meeting was held in Paris to draft the Peace Treaty and on December 10, 1898, the Treaty of Paris was signed (ratified by the US Senate February 6, 1899). Spain renounced all claim to Cuba, ceded Guam and Puerto Rico and its dependent islets to the United States, and transferred sovereignty over the Philippines to the United States and in turn was paid $20,000,000 ($ in dollars) by the U.S. General John R. Brooke became the first United States military governor of the island.
United States rule (1898–present).
Military government.
After the ratification of the Treaty of Paris of 1898, Puerto Rico came under the military control of the United States of America. This brought about significant changes: the name of the island was changed to "Porto Rico" (it would be changed back to Puerto Rico in 1932) and the currency was changed from the Puerto Rican peso to the United States dollar. Freedom of assembly, speech, press, and religion were decreed and an eight-hour day for government employees was established. A public school system was begun and the U.S. Postal service was extended to the island. The highway system was enlarged, and bridges over the more important rivers were constructed. The government lottery was abolished, cockfighting was forbidden, and a centralized public health service established. Health conditions were poor at the time, with high rates of infant mortality and numerous endemic diseases.
The beginning of the military government also marked the creation of new political groups. The "Partido Republicano" (Republican Party) and the American Federal Party were created, led by José Celso Barbosa and Luis Muñoz Rivera, respectively. Both groups supported annexation by the United States as a solution to the colonial situation. The island's Creole sugar planters, who had suffered from declining prices, hoped that U.S. rule would help them gain access to the North American market.
Disaster struck in August 1899, when two hurricanes ravaged the island: Hurricane San Ciriaco on August 8, and an unnamed hurricane on August 22. Approximately 3,400 people died in the floods and thousands were left without shelter, food, or work. The effects on the economy were devastating: millions of dollars were lost due to the destruction of the majority of the sugar and coffee plantations.
Foraker Act of 1900.
The military government in Puerto Rico was short lived; it was disbanded on April 2, 1900, when the U.S. Congress enacted the Foraker Act (also known as the Organic Act of 1900), sponsored by Senator Joseph B. Foraker. This act established a civil government and free commerce between the island and the United States. The structure of the insular government included a governor appointed by the president, an executive council (the equivalent of a senate), and a legislature with 35 members, though the executive veto required a two-thirds vote to override. The first appointed civil governor, Charles Herbert Allen, was inaugurated on May 1, 1900. On June 5, President McKinley appointed an Executive Council which included five Puerto Rican members and six U.S. members. The act also established the creation of a judicial system headed by the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico and allowed Puerto Rico to send a Resident Commissioner as a representative to Congress. The Department of Education was subsequently formed, headed by Dr. M. G. Brumbaugh (later governor of Pennsylvania). Teaching was conducted entirely in English with Spanish treated as a special subject. However, both Spanish and English were official languages in the island. On November 6, the first elections under the Foraker Act were held and on December 3, the first Legislative Assembly took office. Federico Degetau took office in Washington as the first Resident Commissioner from Puerto Rico on March 14, 1901. The Foraker Act, (with the influence of a fearful progressive) placed a limit of as the amount of land that any one person was allowed to own. This part of the Act was not enforced.
Puerto Rico's agricultural economy was transformed into a sugar monoculture economy. American sugar companies had an advantage over the local sugar plantation owners. The local plantation owner could finance his operations only at local banks which offered high interest rates, compared to the low rates that the American companies received from the commercial banks in Wall Street. This factor, plus the tariffs imposed, forced many of the local sugar plantation owners to go bankrupt or to sell their holdings to the more powerful sugar companies. Sugar was considered one of the few strategic commodities in which the United States was not fully self-sufficient.
The new political status sparked the creation of more political groups on the island. In 1900, the "Partido Federal" (Federal Party) and the "Partido Obrero Socialista de Puerto Rico" (Socialist Labor Party of Puerto Rico) were founded. The former campaigned for Puerto Rico to become one of the states in the United States while the latter followed the ideals of the Socialist Labor Party of America. Four years later, in 1904, Luis Muñoz Rivera and José de Diego restructured the American Federal Party into the "Partido Unionista de Puerto Rico" (Unionist Party of Puerto Rico) with the intention of fighting against the colonial government established under the Foraker Act. In 1909, Rosendo Matienzo Cintrón, Manuel Zeno Gandía, Luis Lloréns Torres, Eugenio Benítez Castaño, and Pedro Franceschi founded the "Partido Independentista" (Independence Party). It was the first political party whose agenda was the independence of Puerto Rico.
The status quo was again altered in 1909 when the Foraker Act, due to weaknesses and a small crisis in Puerto Rico's government, was modified by the Olmsted Amendment. This Amendment placed the supervision of Puerto Rican affairs in the jurisdiction of an executive department to be designated by the president. In 1914, the first Puerto Rican officers, Martin Travieso (Secretary) and Manuel V. Domenech (Commissioner of Interiors), were assigned to the Executive Cabinet, allowing islanders a majority. A 1915 delegation from Puerto Rico, accompanied by the Governor Arthur Yager, traveled to Washington, D.C. to ask Congress to grant the island more autonomy. This delegation and speeches made by Resident Commissioner Luis Muñoz Rivera in Congress, coupled with political and economic interests, led to the drafting of the Jones-Shafroth Act of 1917 (Jones Act).
Jones Act of 1917.
The Jones Act was approved by the U.S. Congress on December 5, 1916, and signed into law by President Woodrow Wilson on March 2, 1917. The law made Puerto Rico a United States territory which is "organized but unincorporated." Puerto Ricans were also collectively given a restricted U.S. citizenship. This implied that Puerto Ricans in the island did not have full American citizenship rights, such as the right to vote for Electors for the president of the United States. via the Jones Act. The Act allowed conscription to be extended to the island, sending 20,000 Puerto Rican soldiers to the United States Army during the First World War. The Act also divided governmental powers into three branches: executive (appointed by the President of the United States), legislative, and judicial. The legislative branch was composed of the senate, consisting of 19 members, and a house of representatives, consisting of 39 members. The members of the legislature were freely elected by the Puerto Rican people. A bill of rights, which established elections to be held every four years, was also created. The Act also made English the official language of the Puerto Rican courts.
On October 11, 1918, an earthquake occurred, with an approximate magnitude of 7.3 on the Richter scale, accompanied by a tsunami reaching 6.1 metres (20 ft) in height. The epicenter was located northwest of Aguadilla in the Mona Passage (between Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic). This earthquake caused great damage and loss of life at Mayagüez, and lesser damage along the west coast. Tremors continued for several weeks.
As a consequence of the Jones Act and the establishment of elections, a new political party, the "Partido Nacionalista de Puerto Rico" (Puerto Rican Nationalist Party), was founded on September 17, 1922. In the 1930s, the Nationalist Party, led by president Pedro Albizu Campos failed to attract sufficient electoral support and withdrew from political participation. Increased conflict arose between their adherents and the authorities. In an effort to prevent the party from reaching younger people, authorities declared Albizu Campos "persona non grata" at the University of Puerto Rico, forbidding him to speak there.
On October 23, 1935, a student assembly was planned to be held at the University. Its officials asked Governor Blanton Winship to provide armed police officers for the campus, to forestall possible violence. Colonel Elisha Francis Riggs, the U.S. appointed Police Chief, commanded the forces. A couple of police officers spotted what they believed to be a suspicious-looking automobile and asked the driver Ramón S. Pagán, who was accompanied by his friend Pedro Quiñones, for his license. A fight between the men in the car and the police soon followed; it resulted in the death of four nationalist and one bystander.
In retaliation for the "Rio Piedras Massacre," on February 23, 1936, Nationalists Hiram Rosado and Elias Beauchamp killed Police Chief Riggs in San Juan. They were taken into custody and, while at police headquarters, were summarily executed. On July 31, 1936, Pedro Albizu Campos, Juan Antonio Corretjer, Clemente Soto Vélez and other Nationalists were convicted of being associated with Riggs' murder. They were sentenced to six to 10 years in federal prison.
On March 21, 1937, a peaceful march was organized by the Nationalist Party to commemorate the ending of slavery in Puerto Rico in 1873 by the governing Spanish National Assembly. The police, under the orders of General Blanton Winship, the US-appointed colonial Governor of Puerto Rico, opened fire at the peaceful Puerto Rican Nationalist Party parade, bringing about what came to be known as the "Ponce Massacre": 19 people (including two policemen) were killed and over 100 were wounded. On July 25, 1938, a little over a year after the Ponce massacre, Governor Winship ordered a military parade take place in the city of Ponce in celebration of the American invasion of Puerto Rico. Such celebrations customarily took place in San Juan, the capital of the colonial government. At the parade, an attempt was made to assassinate Winship, allegedly by members of the Nationalist Party. It was the first time in Puerto Rico's long history that an attempt had been made against a governor. Although Winship escaped unscathed, a total of 36 people were wounded, including a colonel in the National Guard and the Nationalist gunman.
Establishment of the Commonwealth.
In the years after World War II, social, political and economical changes began to take place that have continued to shape the island's character today. The late 1940s brought the beginning of a major migration to the continental United States, mainly to New York City. The main reasons for this were an undesirable economic situation brought by the Great Depression, as well as strong recruiting by the U.S. armed forces for personnel and U.S. companies for workers.
Political changes began in 1946 when President Truman designated Commissioner Resident Jesús T. Piñero to serve as island governor; he was the first Puerto Rican appointed to that position. On June 10, 1948, Piñero, signed the infamous "Ley de la Mordaza" (Gag Law) or Law 53 as it was officially known, passed by the Puerto Rican legislature presided by Luis Muñoz Marín on May 21, 1948, which made it illegal to display the Puerto Rican Flag, sing a patriotic song, talk of independence and to fight for the liberation of the island. It resembled the anti-communist Smith Law passed in the United States.
The U.S. Congress passed an act allowing Puerto Ricans to elect their governor, and the first elections under this act were held on November 2, 1948. Luis Muñoz Marín, president of the Puerto Rican Senate, successfully campaigned and became the first democratically elected Governor of the island on January 2, 1949. 
On July 4, 1950, President Harry S. Truman signed Public Act 600, which allowed Puerto Ricans to draft their own constitution establishing their own internal government structures; it also renamed the body politic as the "Commonwealth of Puerto Rico." in English and ""Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico"" in Spanish. (The Commonwealth designation was similar to the bodies politic of the states of Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Kentucky.) Once in office, Muñoz Marin did not pursue Puerto Rican Independence, which angered some of his constituency.
On October 30, 1950, a group of Puerto Rican nationalists, led by Pedro Albizu Campos, staged several local attacks, known as the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party Revolts of the 1950s, the most successful of which is known as the Jayuya Uprising. The revolts included an attack on the governor's mansion, "La Fortaleza." Puerto Rican military forces were called in to put down the Jayuya Uprising. Two days later, two Nationalists from New York tried to storm in to Blair House, then the president's temporary residence, to assassinate United States President Harry S. Truman. These acts led Muñoz to crack down on Puerto Rican nationalists and advocates of Puerto Rican independence. The actions by both Muñoz and the United States' Government would later be determined as infringing on constitutional rights.
In February 1952, the Constitution of Puerto Rico was approved by voters in a referendum, and a federal law approved it, subject to striking Sec. 20 of Article II and adding text to Sec. 3 of Article VII of the final draft, amendments that were finally ratified in November of that year. The island organized as the "Estado Libre Asociado" (Commonwealth of Puerto Rico). That same year marked the first time that the Flag of Puerto Rico could be publicly displayed, after having been criminalized in 1948 by the Popular Democratic Party-controlled government. In March 1954, four Nationalists fired guns from the visitors gallery in the US House of Representatives at the Capitol, to protest the lack of Puerto Rican independence, wounding several persons.
Luis A. Ferré founded "Estadistas Unidos" (United Statehooders), an organization to campaign for statehood in the 1967 plebiscite, after the Statehood Republican Party chose to boycot the vote. On July 23, 1967, the first plebiscite on the political status of Puerto Rico was held. Voters overwhelmingly affirmed continuation of Commonwealth status (Commonwealth–60.4% Statehood–39%; Independence–0.6%). Other plebiscites have been held to determine the political status of Puerto Rico, in 1993 and in 1998. Both times, although by smaller margins, the status quo has been upheld. In 2012, a majority voted to reject the current status and voted to become a state. The referendum was controversial as opponents had tried to persuade people to abstain from voting altogether and argued the vote was invalid.
As the U.S. Constitution empowers Congress to admit new states, the referendum could be taken only as a sign of popular opinion. Legally the island remains a territory of the United States, under congressional supervision. After the 1967 plebiscite, the Partido Nuevo Progresista (New Progressive Party or New Party for Progress) was organized under Ferré's leadership. The party campaigned for Puerto Rico to become the 51st state of the Union. Luis A. Ferré was elected governor on November 5, 1968, with 43.6% of the vote, the first time a pro-statehood governor had received a plurality. The New Progressive Party, the Popular Democratic Party, and the Independence Party constitute the current political status-based registered political parties in the island.
Puerto Rico continues to struggle to define its political status. Even though Puerto Rico was granted the right to draft its own Constitution, approved in 1952, it remains an unincorporated organized territory of the United States. Its ambiguous status continues to spark political debates which dominate Puerto Rican society.
Economic history.
Coffee was a major industry before the 1940s. Arabica beans were introduced to the island in 1736. Production soared in the central mountainous area after 1855 because of cheap land, a low-paid and plentiful workforce, good credit facilities, and a growing market in the U.S., Spain and Europe. Decline set in after 1897, and the end came with a major hurricane in 1928 and the 1930s depression. While coffee declined, sugar and tobacco grew in importance, thanks to the large mainland market.
The island's social and economic structure modernized after 1898, with new infrastructure such as roads, ports, railroads and telegraph lines, and new public health measures. The high infant mortality death rate of the late 19th century declined steadily, thanks in large measure to basic public health programs.
Land tenure did not become concentrated in fewer hands, but incomes increased as American agribusiness and capital investments arrived. The land tenure system in the firm control of local farmers (small, medium, and large). After 1940 dairying became an industry second only to sugar, and had a higher dollar output than the better-known traditional crops - coffee and tobacco.
In the 1920s, the economy of Puerto Rico boomed. A dramatic increase in the price of sugar, Puerto Rico's principal export, brought cash to the farmers. As a result the island's infrastructure was steadily upgraded. New schools, roads and bridges were constructed. The increase in private wealth was reflected in the erection of many residences, while the development of commerce and agriculture stimulated the extension of banking and transport facilities. However, the economic growth would come to a screeching halt in 1929 when the New York stock market crashed and the worldwide Great Depression began.
This period of prosperity came to an end with the onset of the Great Depression. At the time, agriculture was the main contributor to the economy. Industry and commerce slowed during the 1930s as well. The problems were aggravated when on September 27, 1932, Hurricane San Ciprián struck the island. Exact figures of the destruction are not known but estimates say that 200–300 people were killed, more than a thousand were injured, and property damage escalated to $30–50 million ($ to $ as of ).
The agricultural production, the principal economic driver for the island, came to a standstill. Under President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal, a Puerto Rican Reconstruction Administration was authorized. Funds were made available for construction of new housing, infrastructure, including transportation improvements and other capital investment to improve island conditions. In 1938, a new federal minimum wage law was passed, establishing it at 25 cents an hour. As a consequence, two-thirds of the island's textile factories closed because they could not be profitable while paying workers at that level.
Since 1945.
After World War II, large numbers of young people migrated to the mainland's industrial cities for work and remitted dollars back to their families. In 1950 Washington introduced Operation Bootstrap, which greatly stimulated economic growth from 1950 until the 1970s. Due to billions of dollars of corporate investments, the growth rate was 6% for the 1950s, 5% for the 1960s, and 4% for the 1970s. Puerto Rico became one of the most affluent economies in Latin America. But, it had to import 80% of its food.
Operation Bootstrap was sponsored by governor Muñoz Marín. It was coupled with agrarian reform (land redistribution) that limited the area that could be held by large sugarcane interests. Operation Bootstrap enticed US mainland investors to transfer or create manufacturing plants by granting them local and federal tax concessions, but maintaining the access to mainland markets free of import duties. Another incentive was the lower wage scales in the densely populated island. The program accelerated the shift from an agricultural to an industrial society. The 1950s saw the development of labor-intensive light industries, such as textiles; later manufacturing gave way to heavy industry, such as petrochemicals and oil refining, in the 1960s and 1970s. Muñoz Marín's development programs brought some prosperity for an emergent middle class. The industrialization was in part fueled by generous local incentives and freedom from federal taxation, while providing access to continental US markets without import duties. As a result, a rural agricultural society was transformed into an industrial working class. Manufacturing activity, however, has been burdened by electricity rates two-to-three times the average in the United States.
Puerto Rico has recently seen its credit rating downgraded to one notch above non-investment grade by the main credit rating agencies, with the possibility of more downgrades happening in the near future. This has led to fiscal measures to reduce government spending, increase revenues and balance the budget, and the implementation in 2006 and expansion in 2013 of a 7% sales tax.
Present-day Puerto Rico has become a major tourist destination and a leading pharmaceutical and manufacturing center, as well as a major financial center for the Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="19283156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283156" title="Şıxlar, Masally">
Şıxlar, Masally

Şıxlar, Masally may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19283157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283157" title="Emily Soldene">
Emily Soldene

Emily Soldene (30 September 1838 – 8 April 1912) was an English singer, actress, director, theatre manager, novelist and journalist of the late Victorian era and the Edwardian period. She was one of the most famous singers of comic opera in the late nineteenth century, as well as an important director of theatre companies and later a celebrated gossip columnist.
Life and career.
Soldene was born in Clerkenwell, London. Her mother was Priscilla Swain Fuller (1812–1900), and although she was apparently the product of a bigamous marriage, she was raised as the daughter of Edward Fuller Solden (1805–1873). In 1859 she married law clerk John Powell (1834?–1881) and gave birth to her first child before she began to study singing in 1861 with William Howard Glover. 
Early career and peak years.
Soldene made her first public appearance in a concert given by Glover in 1862. She began to appear in classical music concerts at St James's Hall in London soon afterwards, but in 1865 she auditioned for Charles Morton at the Canterbury Music Hall. He became a friend and mentor to her, and she then turned from classical music to music hall, appearing steadily at the Oxford Music Hall and elsewhere under the name of Miss Fitz-Henry. 
As English-language versions of French opéra bouffe first arrived in Britain, Soldene soon became the leading proponent of Jacques Offenbach and Hervé, combining her comedic and vocal talents. According to "The Times", "Soldene was a fine and a highly-trained Singer. Exeter Hall loved her in oratorio no less than the Canterbury, the Oxford or the Alhambra her in more worldly work; but it was in opéra-bouffe that her voice, her vivacity, and her magnetism first found their perfect material." She created the title role in "The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein" in 1867 for the touring company of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. In 1870, at the Lyceum Theatre, she played Marguerite in "Little Faust" ("Le petit Faust") and took over title role in "Chilpéric". The next year, she toured as "Chilpéric" in the provinces. For Charles Morton, in 1871 at the Islington Philharmonic, she first appeared as Drogan in the long-running production of "Geneviève de Brabant" (also directing the production), which became her favourite role. Now widely popular, she starred at the Gaiety Theatre, London in 1872 in another production of "Geneviève de Brabant" and as Mlle. Lange in "La fille de Madame Angot" in 1873. Soldene was also, for several years, a principal boy in British Christmas pantomimes.
Her popularity allowed her to become the manager of her own company, leading an extensive and highly successful tour of America in 1874–1875. There the company played the same operettas that she had made famous in Britain, as well as "Madame l'archiduc". Soldene wrote, "From the first moment of going into management - recognizing the attractive force of female beauty - I surrounded myself with the best-looking and best set-up girls that could possibly be found. I selected my chorus from the ballet. The result, a minimum of voice, perhaps, but certainly a maximum of good looks and grace... They felt the music, were full of life, and, like a blooded horse, were anxious for a start." 
Back in England, in January 1876, "Trial by Jury" was transferred, by arrangement with manager Charles Morton, to the Opera Comique, where Soldene's sister, Clara Vesey, sang the role of the plaintiff, together with Fred Sullivan and W. S. Penley, while Soldene and Kate Santley appeared in "Madame l'Archiduc" and, from March 1876, Soldene, Vesey and Penley appeared in a revival of "Geneviève de Brabant". Richard D'Oyly Carte also produced "Fleur-de-thé" by Alexandre Charles Lecocq at the Criterion Theatre with Soldene. Soldene continued to tour her operetta repertory throughout Britain, but one of her most famous roles was as Tom Tug in Charles Dibdin's "The Waterman" in 1876
In 1877–1878, she travelled to Australasia and again to America. She starred in her usual repertory with the English Comic Opera Company, adding "La belle Hélène", "Barbe-bleue", "Trial by Jury", "The Waterman", "Poulet et Poulette", "Giroflé-Girofla", "La Périchole", and "La jolie parfumeuse". Back in London in 1879, she played Princess Fanfreluche in "La poule aux oeufs d'or" and other productions at the Alhambra Theatre. Later the same year, Soldene introduced Bizet's opera "Carmen" for the first time to the British provinces, in English.
Later stage career.
Soon afterwards, Soldene's husband died, leaving her a single mother of four. In March 1882, Soldene's opera company (including Alice May) were touring the British provinces, when a train on which they were travelling narrowly escaped a high-speed collision with an express train. Soldene, May and other members of the company were slightly injured falling off their beds as the quick-thinking engineer of a loose engine "ran full tilt at" the train Soldene's company were riding and quickly pushed it out of the way of the oncoming express train.
An unsuccessful third tour of America and a costly experiment in theatre management in 1883 depleted Soldene's funds, but she continued with success on tour. Now well into her 40s and 13 stone pounds in weight, Soldene was soon "forced... to abandon the sexy sophistications of opéra bouffe." Her first character role was in "Frivoli" at the Drury Lane Theatre, in 1886, together with Marie Tempest. She left this show when America's top musical manager, John McCaull, invited her there to star in comic opera, vaudeville, variety musicals, and, briefly on Broadway with his McCaull Comic Opera Company, as Oudarde in an adaptation of a French melodrama, "Lorraine" (1887).
Soldene wrote a play, "Jeanne Fortier, the Bread Carrier", that premiered at Niblo's Garden on 10 June 1889. She then settled in San Francisco, where she played heavy ladies in comic opera from 1890 to 1892 at the Tivoli and the Orpheum theatres. In 1892, she played again for a season in Australia, but the trip was a financial disaster for her and completely depleted her funds.
Journalism career and last years.
Left without employment, she was forced to seek a new career. A journalist who had admired Soldene obtained a job for her as music and drama critic for the "Sydney Evening News". For the next seventeen years, she wrote weekly columns of lively London gossip for the "Evening News" and then "The Sun" and other publications. Soldene published one novel, "Young Mrs. Staples" (1896), and a scandalous memoir, the innocently-titled "My Theatrical and Musical Recollections" (1896). According to theatre historian Kurt Gänzl, this turned out to be the high-society literary sensation of the last years of the nineteenth century. Soldene named a long list of aristocratic and wealthy gentlemen who had had liaisons with young ladies in the theatre during her younger days.
Soldene had four children, one of whom became a comedian and dancer, Pip Powell. In 1906, a benefit was held for Soldene at the Palace Theatre.
She died of a heart attack at her lodgings in Bloomsbury at the age of 73 and is buried in the graveyard of Shirley Church, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19283170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283170" title="Walter E. Williams">
Walter E. Williams

Walter Edward Williams (born March 31, 1936) is an American economist, commentator, and academic. He is the John M. Olin Distinguished Professor of Economics at George Mason University, as well as a syndicated columnist and author known for his libertarian views.
Early life and education.
Williams's family during childhood consisted of himself, his mother, and his sister. His father played no role in raising either child. He grew up in Philadelphia. The family initially lived in West Philadelphia, moving to North Philadelphia and the Richard Allen housing projects when Williams was ten. His neighbors included a young Bill Cosby. Williams knew many of the individuals that Cosby speaks of from his childhood, including Weird Harold and Fat Albert.
Williams was a talented high school student who displayed a very inconsistent performance in his studies. Following high school he came out to stay with his father in California, and attended one semester at Los Angeles City College, in regard to which he would later state that he was not ready yet to be a serious student. In 1959 he was drafted into the military, and served as a Private in the United States Army. While stationed in the south, he "waged a one man battle against Jim Crow from inside the army. He challenged the racial order with provocative statements to his fellow soldiers. This resulted in an overseeing officer filing a court-martial proceeding against Williams. Williams argued his own case, and was found not guilty. While considering filing countercharges against the officer that had brought him up for court martial, Williams found himself transferred to Korea. Upon arriving there, Williams marked "Caucasian" for race on his personnel form. When challenged on this, Williams replied wryly if he had marked "Black", he would end up getting all the worst jobs. From Korea Williams wrote a letter to President John F. Kennedy denouncing the pervasive racism in the American government and military, and questioning the actions black Americans should take given the state of affairs, writing:
“Should Negroes be relieved of their service obligation or continue defending and dying for empty promises of freedom and equality? Or should we demand human rights as our Founding Fathers did at the risk of being called extremists ... I contend that we relieve ourselves of oppression in a manner that is in keeping with the great heritage of our nation.”
He received a reply from the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, Alfred B. Fitt, a response which he termed "the most reasonable response that I received from any official."
Following his military service, he re-entered college as a far more motivated student. Williams earned a Bachelor's Degree (1965) in economics from California State University, Los Angeles. He earned both his Masters Degree (1967) and his Ph.D. (1972) in economics from the University of California, Los Angeles. Speaking of his early college days, Williams says "I was more than anything a radical. I was more sympathetic to Malcolm X than Martin Luther King because Malcolm X was more of a radical who was willing to confront discrimination in ways that I thought it should be confronted, including perhaps the use of violence. But I really just wanted to be left alone. I thought some laws, like minimum-wage laws, helped poor people and poor black people and protected workers from exploitation. I thought they were a good thing until I was pressed by professors to look at the evidence." While at UCLA Williams came into contact with economists such as Armen Alchian, James M. Buchanan, and Axel Leijonhufvud who challenged his assumptions. Never one to be over-awed by others, Williams regularly challenged his professors as well. But on examining the evidence of actual outcomes he came to believe such programs were abject failures. "I learned that you have to evaluate the effects of public policy as opposed to intentions."
While at UCLA, Thomas Sowell arrived on campus in 1969 as a visiting professor. Though he never took a class from Dr. Sowell, the two met and began a friendship that has lasted to this day. In the summer of 1972 Sowell was hired as director of the Urban Institutes Ethnic Minorities Project, which Williams joined shortly thereafter Correspondence between Sowell and Williams appears in the 2007 "A Man of Letters" by Sowell.
Academic career.
Williams has been a Professor of Economics at George Mason University since 1980, and was chairman of the University's Economics department from 1995 to 2001.
He has previously been on the faculty of Los Angeles City College, California State University – Los Angeles, Temple University, and Grove City College. Williams was awarded an honorary degree at Universidad Francisco Marroquin. 
Writing career.
Williams has written ten books and hundreds of articles. His syndicated column is published weekly in approximately 140 newspapers across the United States, as well as on several web sites by Creators Syndicate. He also wrote and hosted documentaries for PBS in 1985. The "Good Intentions" documentary was based on his book "The State Against Blacks".
Economic and political views.
As an economist, Williams is a proponent of free market economics and opposes socialist systems of government intervention. Williams believes lassez-faire capitalism is the most moral, most productive system man has ever devised. "Capitalism is relatively new in human history. Prior to capitalism, the way people amassed great wealth was by looting, plundering and enslaving their fellow man. Capitalism made it possible to become wealthy by serving your fellow man." In advancing these theories, Williams has said "That's a challenge I love: making economics fun and understandable."
In the mid-to-late 1970s Williams conducted research into the Davis-Bacon Act of 1931 and on the impact of minimum wage laws on minority employment. His research led him to conclude the government's interventional programs were harmful. Among those state programs Williams was critical of were minimum wage and affirmative action laws, stating both practices inhibit liberty and are detrimental to the blacks they are intended to help. He published his results in his 1982 book "The State Against Blacks", where he argued that laws regulating economic activity are far greater obstacles to economic progress for blacks than racial bigotry and discrimination. Subsequently Williams has spoken on the topic and penned a number of articles detailing his view that increases in the minimum wage price low skill workers out of the market, eliminating their opportunities for employment. Williams believes that racism and the legacy of slavery in the United States are overemphasized as problems faced by the black community today. He points to the crippling effects of a welfare state and the disintegration of the black family as more pressing concerns. "The welfare state has done to black Americans what slavery couldn't do, and that is to destroy the black family" Though in favor of equal access to government institutions such as court houses, city halls and libraries, Williams opposes anti-discrimination laws directed at the private sector on the grounds that such laws infringe upon the people's right of freedom of association.
Williams views gun control laws as a governmental infringement upon the rights of individuals, and argues that they end up endangering the innocent while failing to reduce crime. Williams also makes the argument that the true proof of whether or not an individual owns something is whether or not they have the right to sell it. Taking this argument to its conclusion, he supports legalization of selling one's own bodily organs. He argues that government prohibiting the selling of one's bodily organs is an infringement upon one's property rights, asking "If I don't own my organs, please tell me who does?"
Regarding Federalism, Williams is in favor of power being in the hands of the states, with limited powers being held by the Federal government. He notes this was the design of the nation's founding documents, which were largely undermined by the events of the civil war.
"The War between the States settled by force whether states could secede. Once it was established that states cannot secede, the federal government, abetted by a Supreme Court unwilling to hold it to its constitutional restraints, was able to run amok over states’ rights, so much so that the protections of the Ninth and Tenth Amendments mean little or nothing today. Not only did the war lay the foundation for eventual nullification or weakening of basic constitutional protections against central government abuses, but it also laid to rest the great principle enunciated in the Declaration of Independence that 'Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.'"
In light of the founding documents, Williams concludes it is the right of U.S. states to secede from the union if they so wish, as several states attempted to do during the Civil War. He has gone on record as advocating the Free State Project in at least two columns and once on television. The Williams endorsement correlated with the largest single membership jump in the first 5000 phase of the project, a jump even higher than the results of the project being Slashdotted.
Williams believes programs such as affirmative action and minimum wage laws set up to aide minorities have, in fact, been harmful to them and stifled their ability to advance in society. "Affirmative action has led to, I believe, many Black people expecting favors from the system and not working as hard as they otherwise would. That is, if you know that you can get into college because of affirmative action—or some people call it diversity nowadays—well then why work as hard in high school? So it might undermine some of the spirit of people. And I think that the basic premise of those who advocate affirmative action is that the problems that Black Americans face today are the result of racial discrimination." In reaction to what he viewed as inappropriate racial sensitivity that he saw hurting blacks in higher education, Williams began in the 1970s to offer colleagues a "certificate of amnesty and pardon" to all white people for Western Civilization's sins against blacks – and "thus obliged them not to act like damn fools in their relationships with Americans of African ancestry." He still offers it to anyone. The certificate can be obtained at his website.
Williams is opposed to the Federal Reserve System. He has also compared U.S. monetary policy to "counterfeiting": "Knowing the dangers posed by central banks, we might ask whether our country needs the Federal Reserve Bank. Whenever I'm told that we need this or that government program, I always ask what we did before. It turns out that we did without a central bank from 1836, when President Andrew Jackson closed the Second Bank of the United States, to 1913 when Federal Reserve Act was written. During that interval, we prospered and became one of the world's major economic powers."
In his work, Williams builds on the economic theories of F. A. Hayek, Ludwig von Mises, Henry Hazlitt, and Milton Friedman, as well as the previously mentioned Thomas Sowell, and he has said of Ayn Rand's 1967 work "Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal" that it is "one of the best defenses and explanations of capitalism one is likely to read."
Besides his weekly columns, Williams has become known nationally as a highly popular guest host before the twenty million listeners of the Rush Limbaugh radio program when Limbaugh is away traveling. "Reason" has called Williams "one of the country’s leading libertarian voices." In 2009, Greg Ransom, a writer for the Ludwig von Mises Institute, ranked Williams as the third-most important "Hayekian" Public Intellectual in America, behind only Thomas Sowell and John Stossel.
Non-profit activities.
Williams serves on the boards of a number of non-profit organizations, including the Bruin Alumni Association and Grove City College.
Presidential draft campaign.
Cartoonist Bruce Tinsley, in his comic strip "Mallard Fillmore", launched a campaign to draft Williams for the Republican presidential nomination in the 2008 United States presidential election. Although Williams initially stated that he wouldn't completely rule out the possibility, he ultimately decided against such a run, and endorsed Ron Paul.
Personal life.
Williams and his wife Connie (née Taylor) were married from 1960 until her death on December 29, 2007. They have one daughter, Devyn (b. 1975), who resides in the suburbs of Washington, D.C. Devyn is also an academic; she teaches history at the secondary level at a private school. Additionally, Williams is a cousin of former NBA player Julius Erving.
In 2011, Williams retired from the board of directors of Media General. He served on the board of directors from 2001 to 2011 and was chairman of the Audit Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19283176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283176" title="Şıxlar (38° 57' N 48° 34' E), Masally">
Şıxlar (38° 57' N 48° 34' E), Masally

Şıxlar (also, Shiglyar and Shykhlyar) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19283178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283178" title="Benito Mussolini">
Benito Mussolini

Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini (; 29 July 1883 – 28 April 1945) was an Italian politician, journalist, and leader of the National Fascist Party, ruling the country as Prime Minister from 1922 until his ousting in 1943. He ruled constitutionally until 1925, when he dropped all pretense of democracy and set up a legal dictatorship. Known as Il Duce ("the leader"), Mussolini was one of the key figures in the creation of fascism.
Originally a member of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI), Mussolini was expelled from the PSI due to his opposition to the party's stance on neutrality in World War I. Mussolini denounced the PSI, and later founded the fascist movement. Following the March on Rome in October 1922 he became the youngest Prime Minister in Italian history. After destroying all political opposition through his secret police and outlawing labor strikes, Mussolini and his fascist followers consolidated their power through a series of laws that transformed the nation into a one-party dictatorship. Within five years he had established dictatorial authority by both legal and extraordinary means, aspiring to create a totalitarian state. Mussolini remained in power until he was deposed by King Victor Emmanuel III in 1943. A few months later, he became the leader of the Italian Social Republic, a German client regime in northern Italy; he held this post until his death in 1945.
Since 1939, Mussolini had sought to delay a major war in Europe until at least 1942. Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939, starting World War II. On 10 June 1940, Mussolini sided with Germany, though he was aware that Italy did not have the military capacity in 1940 to carry out a long war with France and the United Kingdom. Mussolini believed that after the imminent French surrender, Italy could gain territorial concessions from France and then he could concentrate his forces on a major offensive in Egypt, where British and Commonwealth forces were outnumbered by Italian forces. However the UK refused to accept German proposals for a peace that would involve accepting Germany's victories in Eastern and Western Europe, plans for a German invasion of the UK did not proceed, and the war continued.
On 24 July 1943, soon after the start of the Allied invasion of Italy, Mussolini was defeated in the vote at the Grand Council of Fascism, and the King had him arrested the following day. On 12 September 1943, Mussolini was rescued from prison in the Gran Sasso raid by German special forces. In late April 1945, with total defeat looming, Mussolini attempted to escape north, only to be quickly captured and summarily executed near Lake Como by Italian partisans. His body was then taken to Milan where it was hung upside down at a service station for public viewing and to provide confirmation of his demise.
Early life.
Mussolini was born in Dovia di Predappio, a small town in the province of Forlì in Emilia-Romagna on 29 July 1883. In the Fascist era, Predappio was dubbed "Duce's town", and Forlì was "Duce's city". Pilgrims went to Predappio and Forlì, to see the birthplace of Mussolini. His father Alessandro Mussolini was a blacksmith and a socialist, while his mother Rosa Mussolini (née Maltoni) was a devoutly Catholic schoolteacher. Owing to his father's political leanings, Mussolini was named "Benito" after Mexican reformist President Benito Juárez, while his middle names "Andrea" and "Amilcare" were from Italian socialists Andrea Costa and Amilcare Cipriani. Benito was the eldest of his parents' three children. His siblings Arnaldo and Edvige followed.
As a young boy, Mussolini would spend some time helping his father in his smithy. Mussolini's early political views were heavily influenced by his father, Alessandro Mussolini, a revolutionary socialist who idolized 19th century Italian nationalist figures with humanist tendencies such as Carlo Pisacane, Giuseppe Mazzini, and Giuseppe Garibaldi. His father's political outlook combined views of anarchist figures like Carlo Cafiero and Mikhail Bakunin, the military authoritarianism of Garibaldi, and the nationalism of Mazzini. In 1902, at the anniversary of Garibaldi's death, Benito Mussolini made a public speech in praise of the republican nationalist. The conflict between his parents about religion meant that, unlike most Italians, Mussolini was not baptized at birth and would not be until much later in life. As a compromise with his mother, Mussolini was sent to a boarding school run by Salesian monks. After joining a new school, Mussolini achieved good grades, and qualified as an elementary schoolmaster in 1901.
Emigration to Switzerland and military service.
In 1902, Mussolini emigrated to Switzerland, partly to avoid military service. He worked briefly as a stonemason in Geneva, Fribourg and Bern, but was unable to find a permanent job.
During this time he studied the ideas of the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche, the sociologist Vilfredo Pareto, and the syndicalist Georges Sorel. Mussolini also later credited the Marxist Charles Péguy and the syndicalist Hubert Lagardelle as some of his influences. Sorel's emphasis on the need for overthrowing decadent liberal democracy and capitalism by the use of violence, direct action, the general strike, and the use of neo-Machiavellian appeals to emotion, impressed Mussolini deeply.
Mussolini became active in the Italian socialist movement in Switzerland, working for the paper "L'Avvenire del Lavoratore", organizing meetings, giving speeches to workers and serving as secretary of the Italian workers' union in Lausanne. In 1903, he was arrested by the Bernese police because of his advocacy of a violent general strike, spent two weeks in jail, was deported to Italy, set free there, and returned to Switzerland. In 1904, after having been arrested again in Geneva and expelled for falsifying his papers, he returned to Lausanne, where he attended the University of Lausanne's Department of Social Science, following the lessons of Vilfredo Pareto. In December 1904, he returned to Italy to take advantage of an amnesty for desertion, for which he had been convicted "in absentia".
Since condition for being pardoned was serving in the army, on 30 December 1904, he joined the corps of the Bersaglieri in Forlì.
After serving for two years in the military (from January 1905 until September 1906), he returned to teaching.
Political journalist and socialist.
In February 1909, Mussolini once again left Italy, this time to take the job as the secretary of the labor party in the Italian-speaking city of Trento, which at the time was part of Austria-Hungary. He also did office work for the local Socialist Party, and edited its newspaper "L'Avvenire del Lavoratore" ("The Future of the Worker"). Returning to Italy, he spent a brief time in Milan, and then in 1910 he returned to his hometown of Forli, where he edited the weekly "Lotta di classe" ("The Class Struggle").
During this time, he published "Il Trentino veduto da un Socialista" ("Trentino as seen by a Socialist") in the radical periodical "La Voce". He also wrote several essays about German literature, some stories, and one novel: "L'amante del Cardinale: Claudia Particella, romanzo storico" ("The Cardinal's Mistress"). This novel he co-wrote with Santi Corvaja, and was published as a serial book in the Trento newspaper "Il Popolo". It was released in installments from 20 January to 11 May 1910 The novel was bitterly anticlerical, and years later was withdrawn from circulation after Mussolini made a truce with the Vatican.
By now, he was considered to be one of Italy's most prominent Socialists. In September 1911, Mussolini participated in a riot, led by Socialists, against the Italian war in Libya. He bitterly denounced Italy's "imperialist war" to capture the Libyan capital city of Tripoli, an action that earned him a five-month jail term. After his release he helped expel from the ranks of the Socialist party two "revisionists" who had supported the war, Ivanoe Bonomi, and Leonida Bissolati. As a result, he was rewarded the editorship of the Socialist Party newspaper "Avanti!" Under his leadership, its circulation soon rose from 20,000 to 100,000.
In 1913, he published "Giovanni Hus, il veridico" ("Jan Hus, true prophet"), an historical and political biography about the life and mission of the Czech ecclesiastic reformer Jan Hus, and his militant followers, the Hussites. During this socialist period of his life Mussolini sometimes used the pen name "Vero Eretico" (sincere misbeliever).
While Mussolini was associated with socialism, he also was supportive of figures who opposed egalitarianism. For instance Mussolini was influenced by Nietszche's anti-Christian ideas and negation of God's existence. Mussolini saw Nietzsche as similar to Jean-Marie Guyau, who advocated a philosophy of action. Mussolini's use of Nietzsche made him a highly unorthodox socialist, due to Nietzsche's promotion of elitism and anti-egalitarian views. Mussolini felt that socialism had faltered due to the failures of Marxist determinism and social democratic reformism, and believed that Nietzsche's ideas would strengthen socialism. While associated with socialism, Mussolini's writings eventually indicated that he had abandoned Marxism and egalitarianism in favor of Nietzsche's übermensch concept and anti-egalitarianism.
Expulsion from the Italian Socialist Party.
With the outbreak of World War I a number of socialist parties initially supported the war when it began in August 1914. Once the war began, Austrian, British, French, German, and Russian socialists followed the rising nationalist current by supporting their country's intervention in the war. The outbreak of the war had resulted in a surge of Italian nationalism and the war was supported by a variety of political factions. One of the most prominent and popular Italian nationalist supporters of the war was Gabriele d'Annunzio who promoted Italian irredentism and helped sway the Italian public to support intervention in the war. The Italian Liberal Party under the leadership of Paolo Boselli promoted intervention in the war on the side of the Allies and utilized the Società Dante Alighieri to promote Italian nationalism. Italian socialists were divided on whether to support the war or oppose it. Prior to Mussolini taking a position on the war, a number of revolutionary syndicalists had announced their support of intervention, including Alceste De Ambris, Filippo Corridoni, and Angelo Oliviero Olivetti. The Italian Socialist Party decided to oppose the war after anti-militarist protestors had been killed, resulting in a general strike called Red Week.
Mussolini initially held official support for the party's decision and, in an August 1914 article, Mussolini wrote "Down with the War. We remain neutral." He saw the war as an opportunity, both for his own ambitions as well as those of socialists and Italians. He was influenced by anti-Austrian Italian nationalist sentiments, believing that the war offered Italians in Austria-Hungary the chance to liberate themselves from rule of the Habsburgs. He eventually decided to declare support for the war by appealing to the need for socialists to overthrow the Hohenzollern and Habsburg monarchies in Germany and Austria-Hungary whom he claimed had consistently repressed socialism. He further justified his position by denouncing the Central Powers for being reactionary powers; for pursuing imperialist designs against Belgium and Serbia as well as historically against Denmark, France, and against Italians, since hundreds of thousands of Italians were under Habsburg rule. He claimed that the fall of Hohenzollern and Habsburg monarchies and the repression of "reactionary" Turkey would create conditions beneficial for the working class. While he was supportive of the Entente powers, Mussolini responded to the conservative nature of Tsarist Russia by claiming that the mobilization required for the war would undermine Russia's reactionary authoritarianism and the war would bring Russia to social revolution. He claimed that for Italy the war would complete the process of "Risorgimento" by uniting the Italians in Austria-Hungary into Italy and by allowing the common people of Italy to be participating members of the Italian nation in what would be Italy's first national war. Thus he claimed that the vast social changes that the war could offer meant that it should be supported as a revolutionary war.
As Mussolini's support for the intervention solidified, he came into conflict with socialists who opposed the war. He attacked the opponents of the war and claimed that those proletarians who supported pacifism were out of step with the proletarians who had joined the rising interventionist vanguard that was preparing Italy for a revolutionary war. He began to criticize the Italian Socialist Party and socialism itself for having failed to recognize the national problems that had led to the outbreak of the war. He was expelled from the party due to his support of intervention.
The following excerpts are from a police report prepared by the Inspector-General of Public Security in Milan, G. Gasti, that describe his background and his position on the First World War that resulted in his ouster from the Italian Socialist Party.
The Inspector General wrote:
In his summary, the Inspector also notes:
Beginning of Fascism and service in World War I.
After being ousted by the Italian Socialist Party for his support of Italian intervention, Mussolini made a radical transformation, ending his support for class conflict and joining in support of revolutionary nationalism transcending class lines. He formed the interventionist newspaper "Il Popolo d'Italia" and the "Fasci Rivoluzionari d'Azione Internazionalista" ("Revolutionary Fasci for International Action") in October 1914. His nationalist support of intervention enabled him to raise funds from Ansaldo (an armaments firm) and other companies to create "Il Popolo d'Italia" to convince socialists and revolutionaries to support the war. Further funding for Mussolini's Fascists during the war came from French sources, beginning in May 1915. A major source of this funding from France is believed to have been from French socialists who sent support to dissident socialists who wanted Italian intervention on France's side.
On 5 December 1914, Mussolini denounced orthodox socialism for failing to recognize that the war had made national identity and loyalty more significant than class distinction. He fully demonstrated his transformation in a speech that acknowledged the nation as an entity, a notion he had rejected prior to the war, saying:
Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary vanguard elite to lead society. He no longer advocated a proletarian vanguard, but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
Though he denounced orthodox socialism and class conflict, he maintained at the time that he was a nationalist socialist and a supporter of the legacy of nationalist socialists in Italy's history, such as Giuseppe Garibaldi, Giuseppe Mazzini, and Carlo Pisacane. As for the Italian Socialist Party and its support of orthodox socialism, he claimed that his failure as a member of the party to revitalize and transform it to recognize the contemporary reality revealed the hopelessness of orthodox socialism as outdated and a failure. This perception of the failure of orthodox socialism in the light of the outbreak of World War I was not solely held by Mussolini, other pro-interventionist Italian socialists such as Filippo Corridoni and Sergio Panunzio had also denounced classical Marxism in favor of intervention.
These basic political views and principles formed the basis of Mussolini's newly formed political movement, the "Fasci Rivoluzionari d'Azione Internazionalista" in 1914, who called themselves "Fascisti" (Fascists). At this time, the Fascists did not have an integrated set of policies and the movement was small, ineffective in its attempts to hold mass meetings, and was regularly harassed by government authorities and orthodox socialists. Antagonism between the interventionists, including the Fascists, versus the anti-interventionist orthodox socialists resulted in violence between the Fascists and socialists. The opposition and attacks by the anti-interventionist revolutionary socialists against the Fascists and other interventionists were so violent that even democratic socialists who opposed the war such as Anna Kuliscioff said that the Italian Socialist Party had gone too far in a campaign of silencing the freedom of speech of supporters of the war. These early hostilities between the Fascists and the revolutionary socialists shaped Mussolini's conception of the nature of Fascism in its support of political violence.
Mussolini became an ally with the irredentist politician and journalist Cesare Battisti, and like him he entered the Army and served in the war. "He was sent to the zone of operations where he was seriously injured by the explosion of a grenade."
The Inspector General continues:
Mussolini's military experience is told in his work "Diario Di Guerra." Overall, he totaled about nine months of active, front-line trench warfare. During this time, he contracted paratyphoid fever. His military exploits ended in 1917 when he was wounded accidentally by the explosion of a mortar bomb in his trench. He was left with at least 40 shards of metal in his body He was discharged from the hospital in August 1917 and resumed his editor-in-chief position at his new paper, "Il Popolo d'Italia". He wrote there positive articles about Czechoslovak Legions in Italy.
On 25 December 1915, in Treviglio, he contracted a marriage with his fellow countrywoman Rachele Guidi, who had already borne him a daughter, Edda, at Forli in 1910. In 1915, he had a son with Ida Dalser, a woman born in Sopramonte, a village near Trento. He legally recognized this son on 11 January 1916.
Creation of Fascism.
By the time he returned from Allied service in World War I, there was very little left of Mussolini the socialist. Indeed, he was now convinced that socialism as a doctrine had largely been a failure. In 1917, Mussolini got his start in politics with the help of a £100 weekly wage from MI5, the British Security Service; this help was authorized by Sir Samuel Hoare. In early 1918, Mussolini called for the emergence of a man "ruthless and energetic enough to make a clean sweep" to revive the Italian nation. Much later in life Mussolini said he felt by 1919 "Socialism as a doctrine was already dead; it continued to exist only as a grudge". On 23 March 1919, Mussolini reformed the Milan "fascio" as the "Fasci Italiani di Combattimento" (Italian Combat Squad), consisting of 200 members.
An important factor in fascism gaining support in its earliest stages was the fact that it claimed to oppose discrimination based on social class and was strongly opposed to all forms of class war. Fascism instead supported nationalist sentiments such as a strong unity, regardless of class, in the hopes of raising Italy up to the levels of its great Roman past. The ideological basis for fascism came from a number of sources. Mussolini utilized works of Plato, Georges Sorel, Nietzsche, and the socialist and economic ideas of Vilfredo Pareto, to create fascism. Mussolini admired "The Republic", which he often read for inspiration. "The Republic" held a number of ideas that fascism promoted such as rule by an elite promoting the state as the ultimate end, opposition to democracy, protecting the class system and promoting class collaboration, rejection of egalitarianism, promoting the militarization of a nation by creating a class of warriors, demanding that citizens perform civic duties in the interest of the state, and utilizing state intervention in education to promote the creation of warriors and future rulers of the state. "The Republic" differed from fascism in that it did not promote aggressive war but only defensive war. Also unlike fascism, it promoted very communist-like views on property. Plato was an idealist, focused on achieving justice and morality, while Mussolini and fascism were realist, focused on achieving political goals.
The basic underlying idea behind Mussolini's foreign policy was that of "spazio vitale" (vital space), a concept in Fascism that was analogous to "lebensraum" in German National Socialism. The concept of "spazio vitale" was first announced in 1919, when the entire Mediterranean, especially so-called Julian March was redefined to make it appear a unified region that had belonged to Italy from the times of the ancient Roman province of Italia, was claimed as Italy's exclusive sphere of influence. The right to colonize the neighboring Slovene ethnic areas and Mediterranean, being inhabited by what were alleged to be less developed peoples, was justified on the grounds that Italy was suffering from overpopulation.
Borrowing the idea first developed by Enrico Corradini before 1914 of the natural conflict between "plutocratic" nations like Britain and "proletarian" nations like Italy, Mussolini claimed that Italy's principle problem was that it was "plutocratic" countries like Britain that were blocking Italy from achieving the necessary "spazio vitale" that would let the Italian economy grow. Mussolini equated a nation's potential for economic growth with territorial size, thus in his view the problem of poverty in Italy could only be solved by winning the necessary "spazio vitale".
Though biological racism was less prominent in Fascism than National Socialism, right from the start there was a strong racist undercurrent to the "spazio vitale" concept, in which Mussolini asserted there was a "natural law" for stronger peoples to subject and dominate "inferior" peoples such as the "barbaric" Slavic peoples of Yugoslavia as Mussolini claimed in a September 1920 speech, when Mussolini stated: 
During the period of occupation between years 1918 and 1920, five hundred "Slav" societies (for example Sokol), and slightly smaller number of libraries ("reading rooms") had been forbidden, and specifically so later with the Law on Associations (1925), the Law on Public Demonstrations (1926) and the Law on Public Order (1926), the closure of the classical lyceum in Pazin, of the high school in Voloska (1918), the closure of the five hundred Slovene and Croatian primary schools followed. One thousand "Slav" teachers were forcibly exiled to Sardinia and elsewhere to South Italy.
In the same way, Mussolini argued that Italy was right to follow an imperalist policy in Africa because all black people were "inferior" to whites. Mussolini claimed that the world was divided into a hierarchy of races ("stirpe"), though this was justified more on cultural than on biological grounds, and that history was nothing more than a Darwinian struggle for power and territory between various "racial masses". The very fact that Italy was suffering from overpopulation was seen as proving the cultural and spiritual vitality of the Italians, who were thus justified in seeking to colonize lands that Mussolini argued on a historical basis belonged to Italy anyway, which was the heir to the Roman Empire. In Mussolini's thinking, demography was destiny; nations with rising populations were nations destined to conquer, and nations with falling populations were decaying powers that deserved to die. Hence, the importance of natalism to Mussolini, since only by increasing the birth rate could Italy ensure its future as a great power that would win its "spazio vitale" be assured. By Mussolini's reckoning, the Italian population had to reach 60 million to enable Italy to fight a major war—hence his relentless demands for Italian women to have more children to reach that number.
Mussolini and the fascists managed to be simultaneously revolutionary and traditionalist; because this was vastly different from anything else in the political climate of the time, it is sometimes described as "The Third Way". The Fascisti, led by one of Mussolini's close confidants, Dino Grandi, formed armed squads of war veterans called Blackshirts (or "squadristi") with the goal of restoring order to the streets of Italy with a strong hand. The blackshirts clashed with communists, socialists, and anarchists at parades and demonstrations; all of these factions were also involved in clashes against each other. The government rarely interfered with the blackshirts' actions, owing in part to a looming threat and widespread fear of a communist revolution. The Fascisti grew so rapidly that within two years, it transformed itself into the National Fascist Party at a congress in Rome. Also in 1921, Mussolini was elected to the Chamber of Deputies for the first time. In the meantime, from about 1911 until 1938, Mussolini had various affairs with the Jewish author and academic Margherita Sarfatti, called the "Jewish Mother of Fascism" at the time.
March on Rome and early years in power.
The March on Rome was a coup d'état by which Mussolini's National Fascist Party came to power in Italy and ousted Prime Minister Luigi Facta. The "march" took place in 1922 between 27–29 October. On 28 October King Victor Emmanuel III who according to the Statuto Albertino had both the executive and the Supreme military power, refused Facta's request to declare martial law, which led to Facta's resignation. The King then handed over power to Mussolini by inviting him to form a new government. Mussolini was supported by the military, the business class, and the liberal right-wing.
As Prime Minister, the first years of Mussolini's rule were characterized by a right-wing coalition government composed of Fascists, nationalists, liberals, and two Catholic clerics from the Popular Party. The Fascists made up a small minority in his original governments. Mussolini's domestic goal was the eventual establishment of a totalitarian state with himself as supreme leader ("Il Duce") a message that was articulated by the Fascist newspaper "Il Popolo", which was now edited by Mussolini's brother, Arnaldo. To that end, Mussolini obtained from the legislature dictatorial powers for one year (legal under the Italian constitution of the time). He favored the complete restoration of state authority, with the integration of the "Fasci di Combattimento" into the armed forces (the foundation in January 1923 of the "Milizia Volontaria per la Sicurezza Nazionale") and the progressive identification of the party with the state. In political and social economy, he passed legislation that favored the wealthy industrial and agrarian classes (privatizations, liberalizations of rent laws and dismantlement of the unions).
In 1923, Mussolini sent Italian forces to invade Corfu during the "Corfu Incident." In the end, the League of Nations proved powerless, and Greece was forced to comply with Italian demands. Writing of Mussolini's foreign policy, the American historian Gerhard Weinberg said: ""If the new regime Benito Mussolini installed in 1922 on the ruins of the old glorified war as a sign of vitality and repudiated pacifism as a form of decay, the lesson drawn from the terrible battles against Austria on the Isonzo river—in which the Italians fought far better than popular imagination often allows—was that the tremendous material and technical preparations needed for modern war were simply beyond the contemporary capacity of the country. This was almost certainly a correct perception, but, given the ideology of Fascism with its emphasis on the moral benefits of war, it did not lead to the conclusion that an Italy without a big stick had best speak very, very softly. On the contrary, the new regime drew the opposite conclusion. Noisy eloquence and rabid journalism might be substituted for serious preparations for war, a procedure that was harmless enough if no one took any of it seriously, but a certain road to disaster once some outside and Mussolini inside the country came to believe that the "eight million bayonets" of the Duce's imagination actually existed.""
Acerbo Law.
In June 1923, the government passed the Acerbo Law, which transformed Italy into a single national constituency. It also granted a two-thirds majority of the seats in Parliament to the party or group of parties that received at least 25% of the votes. This law applied in the elections of 6 April 1924. The "national alliance", consisting of Fascists, most of the old Liberals and others, won 64% of the vote.
Squadristi violence.
The assassination of the socialist deputy Giacomo Matteotti, who had requested that the elections be annulled because of the irregularities, provoked a momentary crisis in the Mussolini government. Mussolini ordered a cover-up, but witnesses saw the car that transported Matteotti's body parked outside Matteotti's residence, which linked Dumini to the murder.
Mussolini later confessed that a few resolute men could have altered public opinion and started a coup that would have swept fascism away. Dumini was imprisoned for two years. On his release Dumini allegedly told other people that Mussolini was responsible, for which he served further prison time.
The opposition parties responded weakly or were generally unresponsive. Many of the socialists, liberals, and moderates boycotted Parliament in the Aventine Secession, hoping to force Victor Emmanuel to dismiss Mussolini.
On 31 December 1924, MVSN consuls met with Mussolini and gave him an ultimatum—crush the opposition or they would do so without him. Fearing a revolt by his own militants, Mussolini decided to drop all trappings of democracy.
On 3 January 1925, Mussolini made a truculent speech before the Chamber in which he took responsibility for squadristi violence (though he did not mention the assassination of Matteotti).
Building a dictatorship.
Assassination attempts.
Mussolini's influence in propaganda was such that he had little opposition to suppress. Nonetheless, he was "slightly wounded in the nose" when he was shot on 7 April 1926 by Violet Gibson, an Irish woman and daughter of Lord Ashbourne, who was subsequently deported after her arrest. On 31 October 1926, 15-year-old Anteo Zamboni attempted to shoot Mussolini in Bologna. Zamboni was lynched on the spot. Mussolini also survived a failed assassination attempt in Rome by anarchist Gino Lucetti, and a planned attempt by the Italian anarchist Michele Schirru, which ended with Schirru's capture and execution.
Police state.
At various times after 1922, Mussolini personally took over the ministries of the interior, foreign affairs, colonies, corporations, defense, and public works. Sometimes he held as many as seven departments simultaneously, as well as the premiership. He was also head of the all-powerful Fascist Party and the armed local fascist militia, the MVSN or "Blackshirts", who terrorized incipient resistances in the cities and provinces. He would later form the OVRA, an institutionalized secret police that carried official state support. In this way he succeeded in keeping power in his own hands and preventing the emergence of any rival.
Between 1925 and 1927, Mussolini progressively dismantled virtually all constitutional and conventional restraints on his power, thereby building a police state. A law passed on Christmas Eve 1925 changed Mussolini's formal title from "president of the Council of Ministers" to "head of the government" (though he was still called "Prime Minister" by most non-Italian outlets). He was no longer responsible to Parliament and could only be removed by the king. While the Italian constitution stated that ministers were only responsible to the sovereign, in practice it had become all but impossible to govern against the express will of Parliament. The Christmas Eve law ended this practice, and also made Mussolini the only person competent to determine the body's agenda. Local autonomy was abolished, and podestàs appointed by the Italian Senate replaced elected mayors and councils.
All other parties were outlawed following Zamboni's assassination attempt in 1926, though in practice Italy had been a one-party state since Mussolini's 1925 speech. In the same year, an electoral law abolished parliamentary elections. Instead, the Grand Council of Fascism selected a single list of candidates to be approved by plebiscite. The Grand Council had been created five years earlier as a party body but was "constitutionalized" and became the highest constitutional authority in the state. On paper, the Grand Council had the power to recommend Mussolini's removal from office, and was thus theoretically the only check on his power. However, only Mussolini could summon the Grand Council and determine its agenda. To gain control of the South, especially Sicily, he appointed Cesare Mori as a Prefect of the city of Palermo, with the charge of eradicating the Mafia at any price. In the telegram, Mussolini wrote to Mori:
Mori did not hesitate to lay siege to towns, using torture, and holding women and children as hostages to oblige suspects to give themselves up. These harsh methods earned him the nickname of "Iron Prefect". In 1927 Mori's inquiries brought evidence of collusion between the Mafia and the Fascist establishment, and he was dismissed for length of service in 1929, at which time the number of murders in Palermo Province had decreased from 200 to 23. Mussolini nominated Mori as a senator, and fascist propaganda claimed that the Mafia had been defeated.
Economic policy.
Mussolini launched several public construction programs and government initiatives throughout Italy to combat economic setbacks or unemployment levels. His earliest, and one of the best known, was the "Battle for Wheat", by which 5,000 new farms were established and five new agricultural towns (among them Littoria and Sabaudia) on land reclaimed by draining the Pontine Marshes. In Sardinia, a model agricultural town was founded and named "Mussolinia", but has long since been renamed Arborea. This town was the first of what Mussolini hoped would have been thousands of new agricultural settlements across the country. The Battle for Wheat diverted valuable resources to wheat production away from other more economically viable crops. Landowners grew wheat on unsuitable soil using all the advances of modern science, and although the wheat harvest increased, prices rose, consumption fell and high tariffs were imposed. The tariffs promoted widespread inefficiencies and the government subsidies given to farmers pushed the country further into debt.
Mussolini also initiated the "Battle for Land", a policy based on land reclamation outlined in 1928. The initiative had a mixed success; while projects such as the draining of the Pontine Marsh in 1935 for agriculture were good for propaganda purposes, provided work for the unemployed and allowed for great land owners to control subsidies, other areas in the Battle for Land were not very successful. This program was inconsistent with the Battle for Wheat (small plots of land were inappropriately allocated for large-scale wheat production), and the Pontine Marsh was lost during World War II. Fewer than 10,000 peasants resettled on the redistributed land, and peasant poverty remained high. The Battle for Land initiative was abandoned in 1940.
He also combated an economic recession by introducing the "Gold for the Fatherland" initiative, by encouraging the public to voluntarily donate gold jewellery such as necklaces and wedding rings to government officials in exchange for steel wristbands bearing the words "Gold for the Fatherland". Even Rachele Mussolini donated her own wedding ring. The collected gold was then melted down and turned into gold bars, which were then distributed to the national banks.
Mussolini pushed for government control of business: by 1935, Mussolini claimed that three-quarters of Italian businesses were under state control. That same year, he issued several edicts to further control the economy, including forcing all banks, businesses, and private citizens to give up all their foreign-issued stocks and bonds to the Bank of Italy. In 1938, he also instituted wage and price controls. He also attempted to turn Italy into a self-sufficient autarky, instituting high barriers on trade with most countries except Germany.
In 1943 he proposed the theory of economic socialization.
Government.
Mussolini's foremost priority was the subjugation of the minds of the Italian people and the use of propaganda to do so. A lavish cult of personality centered on Mussolini was promoted by the regime.
The principles of this doctrine were laid down in the 2-part article on fascism (Giovanni Gentile wrote the first part, Mussolini the second) that appeared in 1932 in the "Enciclopedia Italiana". In 1929, a concordat with the Vatican was signed, the Lateran treaties, by which the Italian state was at last recognized by the Roman Catholic Church, and the independence of Vatican City was recognized by the Italian state.
The 1929 treaty included a legal provision whereby the Italian government would protect the honor and dignity of the Pope by prosecuting offenders. In 1927, Mussolini was re-baptized by a Roman Catholic priest. After 1929, Mussolini, with his anti-Communist doctrines, convinced many Catholics to actively support him.
The law codes of the parliamentary system were rewritten under Mussolini. All teachers in schools and universities had to swear an oath to defend the fascist regime. Newspaper editors were all personally chosen by Mussolini and no one who did not possess a certificate of approval from the fascist party could practice journalism. These certificates were issued in secret; Mussolini thus skillfully created the illusion of a "free press". The trade unions were also deprived of any independence and were integrated into what was called the "corporative" system. The aim (never completely achieved), inspired by medieval guilds, was to place all Italians in various professional organizations or "corporations", all under clandestine governmental control.
Large sums of money were spent on highly visible public works, and on international prestige projects such as the Blue Riband ocean liner "SS Rex" and aeronautical achievements such as the world's fastest seaplane the Macchi M.C.72 and the transatlantic flying boat cruise of Italo Balbo, which was greeted with much fanfare in the United States when it landed in Chicago.
Role of education and youth organizations.
Nationalists in the years after the war thought of themselves as combating the both liberal and domineering institutions created by cabinets—such as those of Giovanni Giolitti, including traditional schooling. Futurism, a revolutionary cultural movement which would serve as a catalyst for Fascism, argued for "a school for physical courage and patriotism," as expressed by Filippo Tommaso Marinetti in 1919. Marinetti expressed his disdain for "... the by now prehistoric and troglodyte Ancient Greek and Latin courses," arguing for their replacement with exercise modelled on those of the Arditi soldiers (" to advance on hands and knees in front of razing machine gun fire; to wait open-eyed for a crossbeam to move sideways over their heads etc."). It was in those years that the first Fascist youth wings were formed: Avanguardia Giovanile Fascista (Fascist Youth Vanguards) in 1919, and Gruppi Universitari Fascisti (Fascist University Groups) in 1922.
After the "March on Rome" that brought Benito Mussolini to power, the Fascists started considering ways to politicize Italian society, with an accent on schools. Mussolini assigned former ardito and deputy-secretary for Education Renato Ricci the task of "... reorganizing the youth from a moral and physical point of view." Ricci sought inspiration with Robert Baden-Powell, the founder of Scouting, meeting with him in England, as well as with Bauhaus artists in Germany. The Opera Nazionale Balilla was created through Mussolini's decree of 3 April 1926, and was led by Ricci for the following eleven years. It included children between the ages of 8 and 18, grouped as the Balilla and the Avanguardisti.
According to Mussolini: "Fascist education is moral, physical, social, and military: it aims to create a complete and harmoniously developed human, a fascist one according to our views". Mussolini structured this process taking in view the emotional side of childhood: "Childhood and adolescence alike ... cannot be fed solely by concerts, theories, and abstract teaching. The truth we aim to teach them should appeal foremost to their fantasy, to their hearts, and only then to their minds".
The "educational value set through action and example" was to replace the established approaches. Fascism opposed its version of idealism to prevalent rationalism, and used the Opera Nazionale Balilla to circumvent educational tradition by imposing the collective and hierarchy, as well as Mussolini's own personality cult.
Foreign policy.
In foreign policy, Mussolini soon shifted from the anti-imperialism of his lead-up to power to an extreme form of aggressive nationalism. He dreamt of making Italy a nation that was "great, respected, and feared" throughout Europe, and indeed the world. An early example was his bombardment of Corfu in 1923. Soon after he succeeded in setting up a puppet regime in Albania and in ruthlessly consolidating Italian power in Libya, which had been loosely a colony since 1912. It was his dream to make the Mediterranean "mare nostrum" ("our sea" in Latin), and he established a large naval base on the Greek island of Leros to enforce a strategic hold on the eastern Mediterranean.
His first steps into foreign policy seemed to portray him as a "statesman", for he participated in the Locarno Treaties of 1925 and the attempted Four Power Pact of 1933 was Mussolini's brainchild. Following the Stresa Front against Germany in 1935, Mussolini's policy took a dramatic turning point and revealed itself once again to be that of an aggressive nature. This domino effect of war began with the Second Italo-Abyssinian War. He also disagreed with Hitler's treaties with the Soviet Union.
Conquest of Ethiopia.
In an effort to create an Italian Empire – or as supporters called it, the New Roman Empire – Italy set its sights on Ethiopia with an invasion that was carried out rapidly. Historians are still divided about the reasons for the attack on Ethiopia in 1935. Some Italian historians such as Franco Catalano and Giorgio Rochat argue that invasion was an act of social imperialism, contending that the Great Depression had badly damaged Mussolini's prestige, and that he needed a foreign war to distract public opinion. Other historians such as Pietro Pastorelli have argued that the invasion was launched as part of an expansionist program to make Italy the main power in the Red Sea area and the Middle East. A middle way interpretation was offered by the American historian MacGregor Knox who argued that the war was started for both foreign and domestic reasons, being both a part of Mussolini's long-range expansionist plans and was also intended to give Mussolini a foreign policy triumph that would allow him to push the Fascist system in a more radical direction at home. Italy's forces were far superior to the Abyssinian forces, especially in air power, and they were soon victorious. Emperor Haile Selassie was forced to flee the country, with Italy entering the capital Addis Ababa to proclaim an empire by May 1936, making Ethiopia part of Italian East Africa.
Although all of the major European powers of the time had also colonized parts of Africa and committed atrocities in their colonies, the Scramble for Africa had finished by the beginning of the twentieth century. The international mood was now against colonialist expansion and Italy's actions were condemned. Retroactively, Italy was criticized for its use of mustard gas and phosgene against its enemies and also for its zero tolerance approach to enemy guerrillas, allegedly authorized by Mussolini.
When Rodolfo Graziani, the viceroy of Ethiopia, was nearly assassinated at an official ceremony, with the guerrilla bomb exploding among the people there, a very strong-handed reaction followed against the guerrillas, including those who were prisoners according to the International Red Cross. The IRC also alleged that Italy bombed their tents in areas of guerrillas' military encampment; though Italy denied it had intended to, insisting that the rebels were targeted. It was not until the East African Campaign's conclusion in 1941 that Italy lost its East African territories, after taking on a fourteen-nation allied force.
Spanish Civil War.
Italian military help to Nationalists against the anti-clerical and anti-Catholic atrocities committed by the Republican side worked well in Italian propaganda targeting Catholics. On 27 July 1936 the first squadron of Italian airplanes sent by Benito Mussolini arrived in Spain. This active intervention in 1936–1939 on the side of Franco in the Spanish Civil War ended any possibility of reconciliation with France and Britain. As a result, his relationship with Adolf Hitler became closer, and he chose to accept the German annexation of Austria in 1938 and the dismemberment of Czechoslovakia in 1939. At the Munich Conference in September 1938, he posed as a moderate working for European peace, helping Nazi Germany seize control of the Sudetenland. His "axis" with Germany was confirmed when he made the "Pact of Steel" with Hitler in May 1939, as the previous "Rome-Berlin Axis" of 1936 had been unofficial. Members of TIGR, a Slovene anti-fascist group, plotted to kill Mussolini in Kobarid in 1938, but their attempt was unsuccessful.
Axis.
Rome-Berlin relations.
The relationship between Mussolini and Adolf Hitler was a contentious one early on. While Hitler cited Mussolini as an influence and expressed privately great admiration for him, Mussolini had little regard for Hitler, especially after the Nazis had assassinated his friend and ally, Engelbert Dollfuss the Austrofascist dictator of Austria in 1934.
With the assassination of Dollfuss, Mussolini attempted to distance himself from Hitler by rejecting much of the racialism (particularly Nordicism and Germanicism) and antisemitism espoused by the German radical. Mussolini during this period rejected biological racism, at least in the Nazi sense, and instead emphasized "Italianizing" the parts of the Italian Empire he had desired to build. He declared that the ideas of eugenics and the racially charged concept of an Aryan nation were not possible.
When discussing the Nazi decree that the German people must carry a passport with either Aryan or Jewish racial affiliation marked on it, in 1934, Mussolini wondered how they would designate membership in the "Germanic race":
When German-Jewish journalist Emil Ludwig asked about his views on race, Mussolini exclaimed:
In a speech given in Bari, he reiterated his attitude toward German racism:
Mussolini's rejection of both racialism and the importance of race in 1934 during the height of his antagonism towards Hitler contradicted his own earlier statements about race, such as in 1928, when he emphasized the importance of race:
Though Italian Fascism varied its official positions on race from the 1920s to 1934, ideologically Italian fascism did not originally discriminate against the Italian Jewish community: Mussolini recognised that a small contingent had lived there "since the days of the Kings of Rome" and should "remain undisturbed". There were even some Jews in the National Fascist Party, such as Ettore Ovazza who in 1935 founded the Jewish Fascist paper "La Nostra Bandiera" ("Our Flag").
By 1938, the enormous influence Hitler now had over Mussolini became clear with the introduction of the "Manifesto of Race". The Manifesto, which was closely modeled on the Nazi Nuremberg laws, stripped Jews of their Italian citizenship and with it any position in the government or professions. Marriage between Jews and non-Jews was prohibited. Jews were not permitted to own or manage companies involved in military production, or factories that employed over one hundred people or exceeded a certain value. They could not own land over a certain value, serve in the armed forces, employ non-Jewish domestics, or belong to the Fascist party. Their employment in banks, insurance companies, and public schools was forbidden.
The German influence on Italian policy upset the established balance in Fascist Italy and proved highly unpopular to most Italians, to the extent that Pope Pius XII sent a letter to Mussolini protesting against the new laws. Mussolini and the Italian Army in occupied regions openly opposed German efforts to deport Italian Jews to Nazi concentration camps. Italy's refusal to comply with German demands of Jewish persecution influenced other countries.
In September 1943 semi-autonomous militarized squads of Fascist fanatics sprouted up throughout the Republic of Salò. These squads spread terror among Jews and anti-Fascists for a year and a half. In the power vacuum that existed during the first three or four months of the occupation, the semi-autonomous bands were virtually uncontrollable. Many were linked to individual high-ranking Fascist politicians. Italian Fascists, sometimes government employees but more often fanatic civilians or paramilitary volunteers, hastened to curry favor with the Nazis. Informers betrayed their neighbors, "squadristi" seized Jews and delivered them to the German SS, and Italian journalists seemed to compete in the virulence of their anti-Semitic diatribes.
It has been widely speculated that Mussolini adopted the Manifesto of Race in 1938 for merely tactical reasons, to strengthen Italy's relations with Germany. Mussolini and the Italian military did not consistently apply the laws adopted in the Manifesto of Race. In December 1943, Mussolini made a confession to Bruno Spampanato that seems to indicate that he regretted the Manifesto of Race, as Mussolini put it:
Mussolini also reached out to the Muslims in his empire and in the predominantly Arab countries of the Middle East. In 1937, the Muslims of Libya presented Mussolini with the "Sword of Islam" while Fascist propaganda pronounced him as the "Protector of Islam."
Munich Conference, war looming.
By the late 1930s, Mussolini's obsession with demography led him to conclude that Britain and France were finished as powers, and that it was Germany and Italy who were destined to rule Europe if for no other reason than their demographic strength. Mussolini stated his belief that declining birth rates in France were "absolutely horrifying" and that the British Empire was doomed because one-quarter of the British population was over 50. As such, Mussolini believed that an alliance with Germany was preferable to an alignment with Britain and France as it was better to be allied with the strong instead of the weak. The only things that held Mussolini back from full alignment with Berlin were his awareness of Italian economic and military weaknesses, which required further time to rearm, and his desire to use the Easter Accords of April 1938 as a way of splitting Britain from France. A military alliance with Germany as opposed to the already existing looser political alliance with the "Reich" under the Anti-Comintern Pact (which had no military commitments) would end any chance of Britain implementing the Easter Accords. The Easter Accords in turn were intended by Mussolini to allow Italy to take on France alone by sufficiently improving Anglo-Italian relations that London would presumably remain neutral in the event of a Franco-Italian war. In turn, the Easter Accords were intended by Britain to win Italy away from Germany.
Mussolini had imperial designs on Tunisia, and had some support in that country. In January 1939, the British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain visited Rome, during which visit, Mussolini learned that though Britain very much wanted better relations with Italy, and was prepared to make concessions, that Britain would not sever all ties with France for the sake of an improved Anglo-Italian relationship. With that, Mussolini grew more interested in the German offer of a military alliance, which first been made in May 1938. The new course was not without its critics. On 21 March 1939, during a meeting of the Fascist Grand Council, Italo Balbo accused Mussolini of "licking Hitler's boots", blasted the Duce's pro-German foreign policy as leading Italy to disaster, and noted that the "opening to Britain" still existed and it was not inevitable that Italy had to ally with Germany. Through many "gerarchi" like Balbo were not keen on closer relations with Berlin, Mussolini's control of the foreign-policy machinery meant this dissidence counted for little. In April 1939, Mussolini ordered the Italian invasion of Albania. Italy defeated Albania within just five days forcing king Zog to flee, setting up a period of Albania under Italy. Until May 1939, the Axis had not been entirely official, but during that month the Pact of Steel treaty was signed outlining the "friendship and alliance" between Germany and Italy, signed by each of its foreign ministers. The Pact of Steel was an offensive and defensive military alliance, though Mussolini had signed the treaty only after receiving a promise from the Germans that there would be no war for the next three years. Italy's king Victor Emanuel III was also wary of the pact, favoring the more traditional Italian allies like France, and fearful of the implications of an offensive military alliance, which in effect meant surrendering control over questions of war and peace to Hitler.
Hitler was intent on invading Poland, though Galeazzo Ciano warned this would likely lead to war with the Allies. Hitler dismissed Ciano's comment, predicting that instead that Britain and the other Western countries would back down, and he suggested that Italy should invade Yugoslavia. The offer was tempting to Mussolini, but at that stage world war would be a disaster for Italy as the armaments situation from building the Italian Empire thus far was lean. Most significantly, Victor Emmanuel had demanded neutrality in the dispute. Thus when World War II in Europe began on 1 September 1939 with the German invasion of Poland eliciting the response of the United Kingdom and France declaring war on Germany, Italy did not become involved in the conflict.
War declared.
As World War II began, Ciano and Viscount Halifax were holding secret phone conversations. The British wanted Italy on their side against Germany as it had been in World War I. French government opinion was more geared towards action against Italy; they were eager to attack Italy in Libya. In September 1939, France swung to the opposite extreme, offering to discuss issues with Italy, but as the French were unwilling to discuss Corsica, Nice and Savoy, Mussolini did not answer. Historian Alexander Gibson stated that Allies were certain that Italy would join the war on the Axis side, and tried to provoke Italy into fighting while she was still unprepared. 
Convinced that the war would soon be over, with a German victory looking likely at that point, Mussolini decided to enter the war on the Axis side. Accordingly, Italy declared war on Britain and France on 10 June 1940. Mussolini regarded the war against Britain and France as a life-or-death struggle between opposing ideologies - Fascism and "the Masonic, democratic, capitalist world" - describing the war as "the struggle of the fertile and young people against the sterile people moving to the sunset; it is the struggle between two centuries and two ideas", and as a "logical development of our Revolution".
Italy joined the Germans in the Battle of France, fighting the fortified Alpine Line at the border. Just eleven days later, France surrendered to the Axis powers. Included in Italian-controlled France was most of Nice and other southeastern counties. Meanwhile in Africa, Mussolini's Italian East Africa forces attacked the British in their Sudan, Kenya and British Somaliland colonies, in what would become known as the East African Campaign. British Somaliland was conquered and became part of Italian East Africa on 3 August 1940, and there were Italian advances in Sudan and Kenya.
Just over a month later, the Italian Tenth Army commanded by General Rodolfo Graziani crossed from Italian Libya into Egypt where British forces were located; this would become the Western Desert Campaign. Advances were successful, but the Italians stopped at Sidi Barrani waiting for logistic supplies to catch up. During 25 October 1940, Mussolini sent the Italian Air Corps to Belgium, where the air force took part in the Battle of Britain for around two months. In October, Mussolini also sent Italian forces into Greece starting the Greco-Italian War. After initial success, this backfired as the Greek counterattack proved relentless, resulting in Italy losing one-quarter of Albania.
Events in Africa had changed by early 1941 as Operation Compass had forced the Italians back into Libya, causing high losses in the Italian Army. Also in the East African Campaign, an attack was mounted against Italian forces. Despite putting up a resistance, they were overwhelmed at the Battle of Keren, and the Italian defense started to crumble with a final defeat in the Battle of Gondar. When addressing the Italian public on the events, he was completely open about the situation saying, ""We call bread bread and wine wine, and when the enemy wins a battle it is useless and ridiculous to seek, as the English do in their incomparable hypocrisy, to deny or diminish it."" Part of his comment was in relation to earlier success the Italians had in Africa, before being defeated by an Allied force later. In danger of losing the control of all Italian possessions in North Africa, Germany finally sent the Afrika Korps to support Italy. Meanwhile Operation Marita took place in Yugoslavia to end the Greco-Italian War, resulting in an Axis victory and the Occupation of Greece by Italy and Germany.
General Mario Robotti, Commander of the Italian 11th division in Slovenia and Croatia, issued an order in line with a directive received from Mussolini in June 1942: "I would not be opposed to all ("sic") Slovenes being imprisoned and replaced by Italians. In other words, we should take steps to ensure that political and ethnic frontiers coincide,",
Eastern Front.
With the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union, Mussolini declared war on the Soviet Union in June 1941 and sent an army to fight there. Mussolini first learned of Barbarossa after it began on 22 June 1941, and was not asked by Hitler to involve himself. Mussolini took the initiative in ordering an Italian Army Corps to head to the Eastern Front, where he hoped that Italy might score an easy victory to restore the Fascist regime's luster, which had been damaged by defeats in Greece and North Africa. Mussolini told the Council of Ministers of 5 July that his only worry was that Germany might defeat the Soviet Union before the Italians arrived. At a meeting with Hitler in August, Mussolini offered and Hitler accepted the commitment of further Italian troops to fight the Soviet Union. The heavy losses suffered by the Italians on the Eastern Front, where service was extremely unpopular owing to the widespread view that this was not Italy's fight, did much to damage Mussolini's prestige with the Italian people. After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, he declared war on the United States on 11 December 1941. A piece of evidence regarding Mussolini's response to the attack on Pearl Harbor comes from the diary of his Foreign Minister Ciano:
Dismissed and arrested.
By early 1942, Italy's military position had become untenable. After the defeat at El Alamein at the end of 1942, the Axis troops had to retreat to where they were finally defeated in the Tunisia Campaign in early 1943. Italy also suffered major setbacks on the Eastern Front as well. The Allied invasion of Sicily brought the war to the nation's very doorstep. The Italian home front was also in bad shape as the Allied bombings were taking their toll. Factories all over Italy were brought to a virtual standstill due to a lack of raw materials, as well as coal and oil. Additionally, there was a chronic shortage of food, and what food was available was being sold at nearly confiscatory prices. Mussolini's once-ubiquitous propaganda machine lost its grip on the people; a large number of Italians turned to Vatican Radio or Radio London for more accurate news coverage. Discontent came to a head in March 1943 with a wave of labor strikes in the industrial north—the first large-scale strikes since 1925. Also in March, some of the major factories in Milan and Turin stopped production to secure evacuation allowances for workers' families. The physical German presence in Italy had sharply turned public opinion against Mussolini; for example, when the Allies invaded Sicily, the majority of the public there welcomed them as liberators.
Earlier in April 1943, Mussolini had begged Hitler to make a separate peace with Stalin and send German troops to the west to guard against an expected Allied invasion of Italy. Mussolini feared that with the losses in Tunisia and North Africa, the next logical step for Dwight Eisenhower's armies would be to come across the Mediterranean and attack the Italian peninsula. Within a few days of the Allied landings on Sicily in July 1943, it was obvious Mussolini's army was on the brink of collapse. This led Hitler to summon Mussolini to a meeting in northern Italy on 19 July 1943. By this time, Mussolini was so shaken from stress that he could no longer stand Hitler's boasting. His mood darkened further when that same day, the Allies bombed Rome—the first time that city had ever been the target of enemy bombing.
Some prominent members of Mussolini's government had turned against him by this point. Among them were Grandi and Ciano. With several of his colleagues close to revolt, Mussolini was forced to summon the Grand Council of Fascism on 24 July 1943: the first time that body had met since the start of the war. When he announced that the Germans were thinking of evacuating the south, Grandi launched a blistering attack on him. Grandi moved a resolution asking the king to resume his full constitutional powers, in effect, a vote of no confidence in Mussolini. This motion carried by a 19–7 margin. Despite this sharp rebuke, Mussolini showed up for work the next day as usual. He allegedly viewed the Grand Council as merely an advisory body and did not think the vote would have any substantive effect. That afternoon, he was summoned to the royal palace by King Victor Emmanuel III, who had been planning to oust Mussolini earlier. When Mussolini tried to tell the king about the meeting, Victor Emmanuel cut him off and told him that he was being replaced by Marshal Pietro Badoglio. After Mussolini left the palace, he was arrested by Carabinieri on the king's orders.
By this time, discontent with Mussolini was such that when the news of his downfall was announced on the radio, there was no resistance. In an effort to conceal his location from the Germans, Mussolini was moved around the country before being sent to Campo Imperatore, a mountain resort in Abruzzo where he was completely isolated. Given the large Nazi presence in Italy, Badoglio announced that "the war continues at the side of our Germanic ally" in the hopes that chaos and Nazi retaliation against civilians could be avoided. Even as Badoglio was keeping up the appearance of loyalty to the Axis, he dissolved the Fascist Party two days after taking over. Also, his government was negotiating an Armistice with the Allies, which was signed on 3 September 1943. Its announcement five days later threw Italy into chaos, a civil war of sorts. Badoglio and the king fled Rome, leaving the Italian Army without orders. Immediately after the Italian surrender was announced, German troops started taking over the Italian Peninsula by force as part of Operation Achse and occupied Rome on 10 September. After a period of anarchy, Italy finally declared war on Nazi Germany on 13 October 1943 from Malta; thousands of troops were supplied to fight against the Germans, others refused to switch sides and had joined the Germans. The Badoglio government held a social truce with the leftist partisans for the sake of Italy and to rid the land of the Nazis.
Italian Social Republic.
Only two months after Mussolini had been dismissed and arrested, he was rescued from his prison at the Hotel Campo Imperatore in the Gran Sasso raid by a special Fallschirmjäger unit on 12 September 1943; present was Otto Skorzeny. The rescue saved Mussolini from being turned over to the Allies, as per the armistice. Hitler had made plans to arrest the king, Crown Prince Umberto, Badoglio, and the rest of the government and restore Mussolini to power in Rome, but the government's escape south likely foiled those plans.
Three days following his rescue in the Gran Sasso raid, Mussolini was taken to Germany for a meeting with Hitler in Rastenberg at his East Prussian headquarters. Despite public professions of support, Hitler was clearly shocked by Mussolini's disheveled and haggard appearance as well as his unwillingness to go after the men in Rome who overthrew him. Feeling that he had to do what he could to blunt the edges of Nazi repression, Mussolini agreed to set up a new regime, the Italian Social Republic, informally known as the "Salò Republic" because of its administration from the town of Salò where he settled in just 11 days after his rescue by the Germans. Mussolini's new regime faced numerous territorial losses: in addition to losing the Italian lands held by the Allies and Badoglio's government, the provinces of Bolzano, Belluno and Trento were placed under German administration in the Operational Zone of the Alpine Foothills, while the provinces of Udine, Gorizia, Trieste, Pola (now Pula), Fiume (now Rijeka) and Ljubljana (Lubiana) were incorporated into the German Operational Zone of the Adriatic Littoral."In addition to my (...) order of the commander of the Greater German Reich in Italy and the organisation of the occupied Italian area from 10 September 1943 I determine:The supreme commanders in the Operational Zone Adriatic Coast consisting of the provinces of Friaul, Görz, Triest, Istrien, Fiume, Quarnero, Laibach, and in the Prealpine Operations Zone consisting of the provinces of Bozen, Trient and Belluno receive the fundamental instructions for their activity from me. Führer's headquarters, 10 September 1943. The Führer Gen. Adolf Hitler". See second document at http://www.karawankengrenze.at/ferenc/document/show/id/317?symfony=ad81b9f2cd1e66a7c973073ed0532df1</ref> In addition, the German army occupied the Dalmatian provinces of Split (Spalato) and Kotor (Cattaro), which were subsequently annexed by the Croatian fascist regime. Italy's gains in Greece and Albania were also lost to Germany, with the exception of the Italian Aegean Islands, which remained nominally under RSI rule. Mussolini opposed any territorial reductions of the Italian state and told his associates "I am not here to renounce even a square meter of state territory. We will go back to war for this. And we will rebel against anyone for this. Where the Italian flag flew, the Italian flag will return. And where it has not been lowered, now that I am here, no one will have it lowered. I have said these things to the "Führer"".
For two years, Mussolini lived in Gargnano on Lake Garda in Lombardy. Although he insisted in public that he was in full control, he knew that he was little more than a puppet ruler under the protection of his German liberators—for all intents and purposes, the "Gauleiter" of Lombardy. After yielding to pressures from Hitler and the remaining loyal fascists who formed the government of the Republic of Salo, Mussolini helped orchestrate a series of executions of some of the fascist leaders who had betrayed him at the last meeting of the Fascist Grand Council. One of those executed was his son-in-law, Galeazzo Ciano. As Head of State and Minister of Foreign Affairs for the Italian Social Republic, Mussolini used much of his time to write his memoirs. Along with his autobiographical writings of 1928, these writings would be combined and published by Da Capo Press as "My Rise and Fall". In an interview in January 1945, a few months before he was captured and executed by Italian anti-fascist partisans, he stated flatly: "Seven years ago, I was an interesting person. Now, I am little more than a corpse." He continued:
Death.
Mussolini and his mistress Clara Petacci were stopped by communist partisans Valerio and Bellini and identified by the Political Commissar of the partisans' 52nd "Garibaldi" Brigade, Urbano Lazzaro, on 27 April 1945, near the village of Dongo (Lake Como), as they headed for Switzerland to board a plane to escape to Spain. During this time Claretta's brother posed as a Spanish consul. After several unsuccessful attempts to take them to Como they were brought to Mezzegra. They spent their last night in the house of the De Maria family.
The next day, Mussolini and Petacci were both summarily shot, along with most of the members of their 15-man train, primarily ministers and officials of the Italian Social Republic. The shootings took place in the small village of Giulino di Mezzegra. According to the official version of events, the shootings were conducted by "Colonnello Valerio", whose real name was Walter Audisio. Audisio was the communist partisan commander who was reportedly given the order to kill Mussolini by the National Liberation Committee. When Audisio entered the room where Mussolini and the other fascists were being held, he reportedly announced, "I have come to rescue you! ... Do you have any weapons?" He then had them loaded into transports and driven a short distance. Audisio ordered, "Get down"; Petacci hugged Mussolini and refused to move away from him when they were taken to an empty space. Shots were fired and Petacci fell down. Just then Mussolini opened his jacket and screamed, "Shoot me in the chest!" Audisio complied and shot him in the chest. Mussolini fell but did not die and was breathing heavily. Audisio went near and he fired one more bullet in his chest. The other members of Mussolini's entourage were also shot by firing squad later that same day towards nightfall.
Mussolini's body.
On 29 April 1945, the bodies of Mussolini, Petacci, and the other executed Fascists were loaded into a moving van and trucked south to Milan. There, at 3:00 am, they were dumped on the ground in the old Piazzale Loreto. The piazza had been renamed "Piazza Quindici Martiri" in honor of 15 anti-Fascists recently executed there.
After being shot, kicked, and spat upon, the bodies were hung upside down on Meat hooks from the roof of an Esso gas station. The bodies were then stoned by civilians from below. This was done both to discourage any Fascists from continuing the fight and as an act of revenge for the hanging of many partisans in the same place by Axis authorities. The corpse of the deposed leader became subject to ridicule and abuse. Fascist loyalist Achille Starace was captured and sentenced to death and then taken to the Piazzale Loreto and shown the body of Mussolini. Starace, who once said of Mussolini "He is a god," saluted what was left of his leader just before he was shot. The body of Starace was subsequently hung up next to the body of Mussolini.
After his death and the display of his corpse in Milan, Mussolini was buried in an unmarked grave in the Musocco cemetery, to the north of the city. On Easter Sunday 1946 his body was located and dug up by Domenico Leccisi and two other neo-Fascists.
On the loose for months—and a cause of great anxiety to the new Italian democracy—the Duce's body was finally "recaptured" in August, hidden in a small trunk at the Certosa di Pavia, just outside Milan. Two Fransciscan brothers were subsequently charged with concealing the corpse, though it was discovered on further investigation that it had been constantly on the move. Unsure what to do, the authorities held the remains in a kind of political limbo for 10 years, before agreeing to allow them to be re-interred at Predappio in Romagna, his birthplace.
Leccisi, a fascist deputy, went on to write his autobiography, "With Mussolini Before and After Piazzale Loreto." Adone Zoli, the prime minister of the day, contacted Donna Rachele, the former dictator's widow, to tell her he was returning the remains, as he needed the support of the far-right in parliament, including Leccisi himself. In Predappio the dictator was buried in a crypt (the only posthumous honor granted to Mussolini). His tomb is flanked by marble fasces, and a large idealized marble bust of him is above the tomb.
Personal life.
Mussolini was first married to Ida Dalser in Trento in 1914. The couple had a son one year later and named him Benito Albino Mussolini. In December 1915, Mussolini married Rachele Guidi, his mistress since 1910, and with his following political ascendency the information about his first marriage was suppressed and both his first wife and son were later persecuted. With Rachele, Mussolini had two daughters, Edda (1910–1995) and Anna Maria (born 3 September 1929, Forlì, Villa Carpena – died 25 April 1968, Rome), married in Ravenna on 11 June 1960 to Nando Pucci Negri; three sons Vittorio (1916–1997), Bruno (1918–1941), and Romano (1927–2006). Mussolini had several mistresses, among them Margherita Sarfatti and his final companion, Clara Petacci. Mussolini had many brief sexual encounters with female supporters, as reported by his biographer Nicholas Farrell.
Religious beliefs.
Atheism and anti-clericalism.
Mussolini was raised by a devoutly Catholic mother and an anti-clerical father. His mother Rosa had him baptized into the Roman Catholic Church, and took her children to services every Sunday. His father never attended. Mussolini regarded his time at a religious boarding school as punishment, compared the experience to hell, and "once refused to go to morning Mass and had to be dragged there by force."
Mussolini would become anti-clerical like his father. As a young man, he "proclaimed himself to be an atheist and several times tried to shock an audience by calling on God to strike him dead." He denounced socialists who were tolerant of religion, or who had their children baptized. He believed that science had proven there was no God, and that the historical Jesus was ignorant and mad. He considered religion a disease of the psyche, and accused Christianity of promoting resignation and cowardice.
Mussolini was an admirer of Friedrich Nietzsche. According to Denis Mack Smith, "In Nietzsche he found justification for his crusade against the Christian virtues of humility, resignation, charity, and goodness." He valued Nietzsche's concept of the superman, "The supreme egoist who defied both God and the masses, who despised egalitarianism and democracy, who believed in the weakest going to the wall and pushing them if they did not go fast enough." On his 60th birthday, Mussolini received a gift from Hitler of a complete twenty-four volume set of the works of Nietzsche.
Mussolini made vitriolic attacks against Christianity and the Catholic Church, which he accompanied with provocative and blasphemous remarks about the consecrated host, and about a love affair between Christ and Mary Magdalene. He believed that socialists who were Christian or who accepted religious marriage should be expelled from the party. He denounced the Catholic Church for "its authoritarianism and refusal to allow freedom of thought ..." Mussolini's newspaper, "La Lotta di Classe", reportedly had an anti-Christian editorial stance.
Lateran Pact.
Despite making such attacks, Mussolini tried to win popular support by appeasing the Catholic majority in Italy. In 1924, Mussolini saw that three of his children were given communion. In 1925, he had a priest perform a religious marriage ceremony for himself and his wife Rachele, whom he had married in a civil ceremony 10 years earlier. On 11 February 1929, he signed a concordat and treaty with the Roman Catholic Church. Under the Lateran Pact, Vatican City was granted independent statehood and placed under Church law—rather than Italian law—and the Catholic religion was recognized as Italy's state religion. The Church also regained authority over marriage, Catholicism could be taught in all secondary schools, birth control and freemasonry were banned, and the clergy received subsidies from the state, and was exempted from taxation. Pope Pius XI praised Mussolini, and the official Catholic newspaper pronounced "Italy has been given back to God and God to Italy."
After this conciliation, he claimed the Church was subordinate to the State, and "referred to Catholicism as, in origin, a minor sect that had spread beyond Palestine only because grafted onto the organization of the Roman empire." After the concordat, "he confiscated more issues of Catholic newspapers in the next three months than in the previous seven years." Mussolini reportedly came close to being excommunicated from the Catholic Church around this time.
Mussolini publicly reconciled with the Pope Pius XI in 1932, but "took care to exclude from the newspapers any photography of himself kneeling or showing deference to the Pope." He wanted to persuade Catholics that "ascism was Catholic and he himself a believer who spent some of each day in prayer ..." The Pope began referring to Mussolini as "a man sent by Providence." Despite Mussolini's efforts to appear pious, by order of his party, pronouns referring to him "had to be capitalized like those referring to God ..."
In 1938 Mussolini began reasserting his anti-clericalism. He would sometimes refer to himself as an "outright disbeliever," and once told his cabinet that "Islam was perhaps a more effective religion than Christianity" and that the "papacy was a malignant tumor in the body of Italy and must 'be rooted out once and for all', because there was no room in Rome for both the Pope and himself." He publicly backed down from these anti-clerical statements, but continued making similar statements in private.
After his fall from power in 1943, Mussolini began speaking "more about God and the obligations of conscience", although "he still had little use for the priests and sacraments of the Church,". He also began drawing parallels between himself and Jesus Christ. Mussolini's widow, Rachele, stated that her husband had remained "basically irreligious until the later years of his life. Mussolini was given a Catholic funeral in 1957.
Legacy.
Mussolini was survived by his wife, Rachele Mussolini, two sons, Vittorio and Romano Mussolini, and his daughters Edda, the widow of Count Ciano, and Anna Maria. A third son, Bruno, was killed in an air accident while flying a P108 bomber on a test mission, on 7 August 1941. His oldest son, Benito Albino Mussolini, from his marriage with Ida Dalser, was ordered to stop declaring that Mussolini was his father and in 1935 forcibly committed to an asylum in Milan, where he was murdered on 26 August 1942 after repeated coma-inducing injections. Actress Sophia Loren's sister, Anna Maria Scicolone, was formerly married to Romano Mussolini, Mussolini's son. Mussolini's granddaughter Alessandra Mussolini was a member of the European Parliament for the far right party Alternativa Sociale and currently serves in the Chamber of Deputies as a member of the ruling People of Freedom.
Mussolini's National Fascist Party was banned in the postwar Constitution of Italy, but a number of successor neo-fascist parties emerged to carry on its legacy. Historically, the strongest neo-fascist party was the Italian Social Movement ("Movimento Sociale Italiano"), which was declared dissolved in 1995 and replaced by the National Alliance, which distanced itself from Fascism (its leader Gianfranco Fini once declared that Fascism was "an absolute evil"). These parties were united under Silvio Berlusconi's House of Freedoms coalition and in 2009 a broad based group of right-wing parties, including Gianfranco Fini's National Alliance and Alessandra Mussolini's Azione Sociale, were merged to create The People of Freedom party led by Prime Minister Berlusconi.
In popular culture.
Charlie Chaplin's 1940 film "The Great Dictator" satirizes Mussolini as "Benzino Napaloni", portrayed by Jack Oakie. In the Three Stooges' "I'll Never Heil Again", Cy Schindell plays "Chizzolini", from the then topical insult of "chisler".
More serious biographical depictions include a look at the last few days of Mussolini's life in Carlo Lizzani's movie "Mussolini: Ultimo atto" ("Mussolini: The last act", 1974) starring Rod Steiger and George C. Scott's portrayal in the 1985 television mini-series "Mussolini: The Untold Story".
Another 1985 movie was "Mussolini and I", in which Bob Hoskins plays the dictator (with Susan Sarandon as his daughter Edda and Anthony Hopkins as Count Ciano). Actor Antonio Banderas also played the title role in "Benito" in 1993, which covered his life from his school teacher days to the beginning of World War I, before his rise as dictator. Mussolini is also depicted in the films "Tea with Mussolini", "Lion of the Desert" (also with Steiger) and the award-winning Italian film "Vincere".
A Canadian television miniseries named "Il Duce Canadese", aka "Il duce canadese: Le Mussolini canadien" aired on CBC Television in 2004.
A comic strip ran in the British comic "The Beano" entitled Musso the Wop. This strip, which ran from 1940 to 1943, featured Mussolini as an arrogant buffoon.
"Il Duce" is the nickname of a character played by actor Billy Connolly in the movie "The Boondock Saints".
"Il Duce" is a 1985 7" single by noise rock band Big Black.
""Il Duce" Mussolini is the protagonist of Marco Bellocchio's movie Vincere!"

</doc>
<doc id="19283180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283180" title="Maurice Brasset">
Maurice Brasset

Maurice Brasset (April 12, 1884 in Havre-Aubert, Quebec, Canada – April 5, 1971) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1930 election as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Gaspé. He was re-elected in 1935 and defeated in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19283187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283187" title="Toyota C engine">
Toyota C engine

The Toyota C engine family was a series of inline-4 diesel engines. There were two earlier generations of an engine Toyota named as the "Type C". The first generation was introduced in 1940 as a modification of the Type A engine. This first "Type C" was installed in the Toyota AE. The second generation was the first diesel engine at 1500cc used in the CS20 series 1959 Toyota Crown in October 1959. Japanese market vehicles with diesel engines were exclusive to Toyota Japan dealerships called "Toyota Diesel Store" locations from 1979 until the dealership was cancelled in 1988.
C.
The original C engine was first introduced in October 1959, for the Crown Diesel. It has a displacement of 1,491 cc and .
1C.
1C, 1C-L, 1C-LC.
Output:
Applications:
1C-TL, 1C-TLC.
Turbocharged version.
Applications:
2C.
The 2C was a long running diesel engine, with some models (e.g. Corona, Townace,Liteace) receiving the turbo version 2C-T which provided 65 kW. It was replaced by the more economical 3C-TE in the above models from 1999.
2C, 2C-L.
Output:
Applications:
2C-E.
EFI version.
Applications:
2C-T, 2C-TL, 2C-TLC.
Turbocharged version.
Applications:
2C-TE.
Turbocharged version with EFI.
Applications:
3C.
Although having a larger displacement than the 2C-T, the 3C-TE was more economical and powerful at 69 kW. The C series engines were replaced by the CD series in the European market, while Toyota stopped selling diesel models in Japan after the 3C-TE.
3C-E.
EFI version.
Applications:
3C-T.
Turbocharged version.
Applications:
3C-TE.
Turbocharged version with EFI.
Applications:

</doc>
<doc id="19283191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283191" title="Şıxlar (39° 01' N 48° 46' E), Masally">
Şıxlar (39° 01' N 48° 46' E), Masally

Şıxlar (also, Shykhlar and Shykhlyar) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19283199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283199" title="Earned income tax credit">
Earned income tax credit

The United States federal earned income tax credit or earned income credit (EITC or EIC) is a refundable tax credit for low to moderate income working individuals and couples—particularly those with children. The amount of EITC benefit depends on a recipient’s income and number of children. For a person or couple to claim one or more persons as their qualifying child(ren), the relationship, age, and shared residency requirements must be met, as well as some other requirements. In the 2013 tax year, working families with children that have annual incomes below $37,870 to $51,567 (depending on the number of dependent children) may be eligible for the federal EITC. Workers without children that have incomes below about $14,340 ($19,680 for a married couple) can receive a very small EITC benefit. U.S. tax forms 1040EZ, 1040A, or 1040 can be used to claim EITC without qualifying children. To claim the credit with qualifying children, 1040A or 1040 must be used along with Schedule EITC attached.
EIC phases in slowly, has a medium-length plateau, and then phases out more slowly than it phased in. And since the credit phases out at 21% (more than one qualifying child) or 16% (one qualifying child), it is always preferable to have one more dollar of actual salary or wages (although technically, since the EIC table moves by fifty dollar increments, it's always preferable to have an extra fifty-dollar increment of salary or wages).
For tax year 2013, the maximum EITC benefit for a single person or couple filing without qualifying children is $487. The maximum EITC with one qualifying child is $3,250, with two children it is $5,372, and with three or more qualifying children it is $6,044. These amounts are indexed annually for inflation.
The earned income tax credit has been part of political debates in the United States regarding whether raising the minimum wage or increasing EITC is a better idea.
Overview.
Enacted in 1975, the initially modest EIC has been expanded by tax legislation on a number of occasions, including the widely-publicized Reagan Tax Reform Act of 1986, and was further expanded in 1990, 1993, and 2001, regardless of whether the act in general raised taxes (1990, 1993), lowered taxes (2001), or eliminated other deductions and credits (1986). Today, the EITC is one of the largest anti-poverty tools in the United States (despite the fact that most income measures, including the poverty rate, do not account for the credit).
A qualifying child can be a person's daughter, son, stepchild, or any further descendant (such as grandchild, great grandchild, etc.) or a person's brother, sister, half sister, half brother, stepbrother, stepsister, or any further descendant (such as niece, nephew, great-nephew, great-great-niece, etc.). A qualifying child can also be in the process of being adopted provided he or she has been lawfully placed, as well as an unrelated foster child who has been officially placed. Foster children also count provided either the child has been officially placed or is a member of one’s extended family. A younger single parent cannot claim EIC if he or she is also claimable as a qualifying child of their parent or another older relative, which can happen in some extended family situations. This restriction does not apply to a married couple who is claiming EIC with a child, even if one or both spouses are under the age of 19. 
A person claiming EIC must be older than his or her qualifying child unless the “child” is classified as "permanently and totally disabled" for the tax year (physician states one year or more). A qualifying “child” can be up to and including age 18. A qualifying “child” who is a full-time student (one long semester or equivalent) can be up to and including age 23. And a person classified as "permanently and totally disabled" (one year or more) can be any age and count as one’s qualifying “child” provided the other requirements are met. Parents claim their own child(ren) if eligible unless they are waiving this year's credit to an extended family member who has higher adjusted gross income. There is no support test for EIC. There is a six month plus one day shared residency test.
In the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, the EIC was temporarily expanded for two specific groups: married couples and families with three or more children; this expansion was extended through December 2012 by H.R. 4853, the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization and Job Creation Act of 2010. Effective for the 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 filing seasons, the EIC will support these taxpayers by:
Other countries with programs similar to the EITC include the United Kingdom (see: working tax credit), Canada, New Zealand, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Sweden, France and the Netherlands. In some cases, these are small. For example, the maximum EITC in Finland is €290. Sweden has a medium credit with the maximum slightly above 21 000 Swedish kronor or about $3000 US. The ("jobbskatteavdrag" was introduced in 2006 and expanded in consecutive steps 2007–2010). Others are larger than the U.S. credit, such as the UK's working tax credit, which is worth up to £7782.
As of early 2012, 26 states have enacted state EITCs: Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. Some of these state EICs are refundable, and some are not. In addition, a few small local EICs have been enacted in San Francisco, New York City, and Montgomery County, Maryland.
Earned income.
Earned income is defined by the United States Internal Revenue Code as income received through personal effort, with the following as the main sources:
Qualifying children.
A person or couple claiming EIC with one or more qualifying children need to fill out and attach Schedule EIC to their 1040 or 1040A. This form asks for the child(ren)'s name, social security number, year of birth, whether an older "child" age 19 to 23 was classified as a student for the year (full-time status for at least one long semester or equivalent time period), whether an older "child" is classified as disabled during the year (doctor states one year on more), the child's relationship to claimant, and the number of months the child lived with the claimant in the United States.
To claim a person as qualifying child, the following requirements of relationship, age, and shared residence must be met.
Relationship.
In the case of a married couple filing jointly, if one spouse is related to the child by any of the below relationships, both spouses are considered related to the child.
The claimant must be related to their qualifying child through blood, marriage, or law. The qualifying child can be:
A child might classify as the qualifying child of more than one adult family member, at least initially. For example, in an extended family situation, both a parent and an uncle may meet the initial standards of relationship, age, and residency to claim a particular child. In such a case, there is a further rule: If a single parent or both parents, whether married or not, can claim the child (residency and age) but choose to waive the child to a non-parent, such as a grandparent or uncle or aunt, this non-parent can claim the child only if they have a higher adjusted gross income (AGI) than any parent who has lived with the child for at least six months.
This still remains the parent's choice. Provided the parent has lived with the child for at least six months and one day, the parent can always choose to claim his or her child for purposes of the earned income credit. In a tiebreaker situation between two unmarried parents, the tiebreak goes to the parent who lived with the child for the longest. In a tiebreaker between two non-parents, the tiebreak goes to the person with the higher AGI. And in a tiebreaker between a parent and non-parent, the parent wins by definition. These tiebreaker situations only occur if more than one family member actually file tax returns in which they claim the same child. On the other hand, if the family can agree, per the above and following rules, they can engage in a limited amount of tax planning as to which family member claims the child.
Age.
A single parent younger than age 19 living in an extended family situation is potentially claimable as the qualifying "child" of an older relative. And a single parent under age 24 who is also a full-time college student (one long semester or equivalent) living in an extended family situation is also potentially claimable. If so, the younger single parent cannot claim EIC. This rule does not apply to a married couple who are claiming EIC with a child, even if one or both spouses are under the age of 19. (This rule also does not apply if the older relative is not required to file a tax return, and subsequently either does not file or only files to receive a full refund of taxes withheld.)
Generally, one sibling claiming another as their qualifying child must be older. In the case of a married couple filing a joint return, only one of the spouses must be older. An exception to the must-be-older-rule is the case of a qualifying child who is classified as "permanently and totally disabled" (physician states one year or more). Such a "child" can be any age and the age requirement is considered to be automatically met (of course the relationship and shared residency requirements must still be met).
The standard rule is that the qualifying "child" must be under the age of 19 at the end of the tax year. That is, the younger person can be 18 years and 364 days old on December 31 and the age requirement is met.
This age limit is extended for a qualifying "child" who is also a full-time student during some part of five calendar months. This young adult merely needs to be under age 24 at the end of the tax year for the age requirement to be met (relationship and residency requirements must still be met). That is, the young adult who is full-time for at least part of five different months can be 23 years and 364 days on December 31 and meet the age requirement to be someone else's qualifying "child." The standard Fall semester of a university, in which classes start in late August and continue through September, October, November, and early December, counts as part of five calendar months. And a similar conclusion applies to the standard Spring semester. However, the five months need not be consecutive and can be obtained with any combination of shorter periods. A full-time student is a student who is enrolled for the number of hours or courses the school considers to be full-time attendance. High school students who work in co-op jobs or who are in a vocational high school program are classified as full-time students. Schools include technical, trade, and mechanical schools.
A person who is classified as "permanently and totally disabled" (physician states one year or more) can be any age and the age requirement is automatically met. More fully, the definition of "permanently and totally disabled" is that a person has a mental or physical disability, cannot engage in substantial gainful activity, and a physician has determined that the condition has lasted or is expected to last one year or more (or that it can lead to death).
Shared residence.
The claimant must live with their qualifying child(ren) within the fifty states and/or District of Columbia of the United States for more than half the tax year (per instructions, six months and one day is listed as 7 months on Schedule EIC). U.S. military personnel stationed outside the United States on extended active duty are considered to live in the U.S. for purposes of the EIC. Extended active duty means the person is called to duty for an indefinite period or for a period of more than 90 days (which is still considered to be extended active even if the period ends up being less than 90 days).
Temporary absences, for either the claimant or the child, due to school, hospital stays, business trips, vacations, shorter periods of military service, or jail or detention, are ignored and instead count as time lived at home. "Temporary" is perhaps unavoidably vague and generally hinges or whether the claimant and/or the child are expected to return, and the IRS does not provide any substantial guidance past this. If the child was born or died in the year and the claimant's home was the child's home, or potential home, for the entire time the child was alive during the year, this counts as living with the claimant, and per instructions, 12 months is entered on Schedule EIC.
Unlike the rules for claiming a dependent, there is no rule that a qualifying child not support herself or himself. A child who supports himself or herself can still qualify as a qualifying child for purposes of the EIC. There is an exception for older married "children." If an otherwise qualifying child is married, the claimant needs to be able to claim this child as a dependent (and the married couple must have low enough income so that they are not required to file a return and are either not filing or are filing only for the purpose of claiming a refund on withheld taxes).
Other requirements.
Investment income cannot be greater than $3,300 in 2013.
A claimant must be either a United States citizen or resident alien. In the case of married filing jointly where one spouse is and one isn't, the couple can elect to treat the nonresident spouse as resident and have their entire worldwide income subject to U.S. tax, and will then be eligible for EIC.
Filers both with and without qualifying children must have lived in the 50 states and/or District of Columbia of the United States for more than half the tax year (six months and one day). Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and other U.S. territories do not count in this regard. However, a person on extended military duty is considered to have met this requirement for the period of the duty served.
Filers who are not claiming a qualifying child must be between the ages of 25 and 64 inclusive. For a married couple without a qualifying child, only one spouse must be within this age range. For a single person with a qualify child, there is no age requirement per se other than the requirement that the single person not himself or herself be claimable as another relative's qualifying child (see Age section above). A married couple with at least one qualifying child is only occasionally classified as claimable by another relative, especially if the married couple has earned income and elects to claim EIC.
All filers and all children being claimed must have a valid social security number. This includes social security cards printed with "Valid for work only with INS authorization" or "Valid for work only with DHS authorization."
Single, Head of Household, Qualifying Widow(er), and Married Filing Jointly are all equally valid filing statuses for EIC. In fact, depending on the income of both spouses, Married Filing Jointly can be advantageous in some circumstances because, in 2009, the phase-out for MFJ for begins at $21,450 whereas phase-out begins at $16,450 for the other filing statuses. A couple who is legally married can file MFJ even if they lived apart the entire year and even if they shared no revenues or expenses for the year, as long as both spouses agree. However, if both spouses do not agree, or if there are other circumstances such as domestic violence, a spouse who lived apart with children for the last six months of the year and who meets other requirements can file as Head of Household. Or, for a couple that is split up but still legally married, they might consider visiting an accountant at separate times and perhaps even signing a joint return on separate visits. There is even an IRS form that can be used to request direct deposit into up to three separate accounts. In addition, if a person obtains a divorce by December 31, that will carry, since it is marital status on the last day of the year that controls for tax purposes. In addition, if a person is "legally separated" according to state law by December 31, that will also carry. The only disqualifying filing status for purposes of the EIC is married filing separately.
EIC phases out by the greater of earned income or adjusted gross income. 
A married couple in 2010, whose total income was just shy of $21,500, but who had more than $3,100 of investment income, would have received the maximum credit for their number of qualifying children, but because of the rule that for any claimant—whether single of married, with or without children—that investment income cannot be greater than $3,100, will instead receive zero EIC. This is an edge case, but there are income ranges and situations in which an increase of investment dollars can result in a loss of after-tax dollars. (Instead of $21,500, the phase-out for Single, Head of Household, and Qualifying Widow(er) begins at $16,450.)
In normal circumstances, EIC phases out relatively slowly, at 16% or 21% depending on the number of children.
Disallowances for reckless or fraudulent claims.
A person or couple will be disallowed EIC for two years if they claim EIC when not eligible and the IRS determines the "error is due to reckless or intentional disregard of the EIC rules." A person or couple will be disallowed for ten years if they make a fraudulent claim. Form 8862 is required after this time period in order to be reinstated. However, this form is not required if EIC was reduced solely because of mathematical or clerical error.
Example(s) for 2012 from IRS Pub. 596.
Cynthia and Jerry Grey have two children ages 6 and 8. For tax year 2012, one spouse made $10,000 in wages and the other spouse made $15,000, plus the couple received $525 on interest from a savings account. Since they are into the phase-out range, their EIC will phase out by the greater of earned income or adjusted gross income. So, they will look up in the EIC table $25,525 for MFJ with two children, and this amount is $4,557. Since they are claiming children, the Greys will also need to attach Schedule EIC to their tax return which will ask for each child, the child's name, social security number, year of birth, relationship to couple, and months lived with couple in the United States during 2012. If the Greys use 1040A, they will enter $4,557 on line 38a. If they use form 1040, they will enter $4,557 on line 64a.
EITC Impact.
EITC Welfare Benefits.
The EITC at a cost of $56 billion in 2013 is the third largest social welfare program in the United States after Medicaid at $275 billion federal and $127 billion state expenditures and $78 billion spent on food stamps. Almost 27 million American households received more than $56 billion in payments through the EITC in 2010. These EITC dollars had a significant impact on the lives and communities of the nation's lowest paid working people largely repaying any payroll taxes they may have paid. The Census Bureau, using an alternative calculation of poverty, found that [http://www.offthechartsblog.org/government-programs-kept-millions-out-of-poverty-in-2010/ the EITC lifted 5.4 million above the poverty line in 2010.
The stimulus effects of the EITC and other consumption-augmenting policies have been challenged by more recent and rigorous studies. Haskell (2006) finds that the unique spending patterns of lump-sum tax credit recipients and the increasingly global supply chain for consumer goods is counter-productive to producing high, localized multipliers. He places the local multiplier effect somewhere in the range of 1.07 to 1.15, more in line with typical economic returns. The lower multiplier is due to recipients emphasizing "big-ticket" durable good purchases, which are typically produced elsewhere, versus locally-produced products and services such as agricultural products or restaurant visits. However, Haskell points to a silver lining: there are perhaps more important benefits from recipients who use the credit for savings or investment in big-ticket purchases that promote social mobility, such as automobiles, school tuition, or health-care services.
Due to its structure, the EITC is effective at targeting assistance to low-income families in the bottom two quintiles—0-40% of households. By contrast, only 30% of minimum wage workers live in families near or below the federal poverty line, as most are teenagers, young adults, students, or spouses supplementing their studies or family income. Opponents of the minimum wage argue that it is a less efficient means to help the poor than adjusting the EITC.
EITC follows a graphical benefit pattern of going up a hill, traveling along a plateau, and then going back down the hill more slowly than it went up. For example, a married couple with two qualifying children and yearly income of seven thousand dollars will receive EITC of $2,810 (going up the hill). At fifteen thousand dollars, this couple will receive EITC of $5,036 (plateau). And at twenty-five and thirty-five thousand dollars, this same couple with their two children will receive EITC of $4,285 and $2,179 respectively.
A single person (such as a single parent, aunt, uncle, grandparent, older sibling, etc.) goes up the hill at the same rate and will receive the same maximum EITC for two qualifying children of $5,036 at plateau. But the single person has a shorter plateau. And thus, a single person with two qualifying children and income of twenty-five and thirty-five thousand will receive EITC of $3,230 and $1,124 respectively (going down the hill).
EITC phases out at 16% with one qualifying child and at 21% for two children and three or more children. And thus it is always preferable to have an extra fifty dollars of actual earned income (the table for EITC steps in increments of fifty dollars).
The GRAPHICAL plateau range for Married Filing Jointly continues for five thousand dollars longer than does the plateau for the other filing statuses and thus MFJ can be advantageous for some income ranges. Single, Head of Household, and Qualifying Widow(er) are all equally valid and eligible filing statuses for claiming EITC. The only disqualifying status is Married Filing Separately. However, a couple can file as Married Filing Jointly even if they lived apart for the entire year if legally married and both agree.
Cost.
The direct cost of the EITC to the U.S. federal government was about $56 billion in 2012.
The IRS has estimated that between 21% and 25% of this cost ($11.6 to $13.6 billion) is due to EITC payments that were issued improperly, to recipients who did not qualify for the EITC benefit that they received.
The direct fiscal cost of the EITC may be partially offset by two factors: any new taxes (such as payroll taxes paid by employers) generated by new workers drawn by the EITC into the labor force; and taxes generated on additional spending done by families receiving earned income tax credit.
Some economists have noted that the EITC might conceivably cause a reductions in entitlement spending that result from individuals being lifted out of poverty by their EITC benefit check. However, because the pre-tax income determines eligibility for most state and federal benefits, the EITC rarely changes a taxpayer's eligibility for state or federal aid benefits.
Uncollected tax credits.
Millions of American families who are eligible for the EITC do not receive it, leaving billions of additional tax credit dollars unclaimed. Research by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and Internal Revenue Service indicates that between 15% and 25% of households who are entitled to the EITC do not claim their credit, or between 3.5 million and 7 million households.
Many nonprofit organizations around the United States, sometimes in partnership with government and with some public financing, have begun programs designed to increase EITC utilization by raising awareness of the credit and assisting with the filing of the relevant tax forms. One example is the Claim it! campaign in Minnesota that launched in 2006 to help Minnesotans claim the EITC.
The state of California requires employers to notify every employee about the EITC every year, in writing, at the same time W-2 forms are distributed.
Storefront tax prep, “RACs,” prep and account fees, third-party debt collection.
RALs (Refund Anticipation Loans) are short term loans on the security of an expected tax refund, and RACs (Refund Anticipation Checks) are temporary accounts specifically to wait to receive tax refunds, which are then paid by a check or debit card from the bank less fees. The combination of Earned Income Credit, RALs, and RACs has created the main market for the storefront tax preparation industry, including the familiar companies of H&R Block, Jackson Hewitt, and Liberty Tax, as well as smaller chains and independent practitioners. A 2002 Brookings Institution study of Cleveland taxpayers found that 47 percent of filers claiming EIC purchased RALs, as compared to 10 percent of those not claiming EIC. The tax preparation industry responded that at least one-half of RAL customers included in the IRS data actually received RACs instead.
These financial products have been criticized on various grounds, including inflated prices for tax preparation, account fees, RAL interest rates, as well as the practice of third-party debt collection (this used to be called "cross-collection" which hinted at the practice, but tax prep companies now to seem more vaguely refer to the practice merely as "previous debt"). This practice occurs when one RAL- or RAC-issuing bank collects for another. That is, HSBC or Santa Barbara Bank & Trust (in recent years) will take all or part of a client's current year tax refund for purposes of third-party debt collection, and it is unclear how broad are the types of debts for which the banks collect. This contrasts with the more limited types of debt collected for by the IRS. This practice of one bank collecting debt for another may not be adequately disclosed to the tax preparation client; on the other hand, some clients may fail to disclose obligations that result a governmental seizure of their refunds. With both RALs and RACs, the client grants the bank first rights to their tax refund, and both carry the same risk of third-party bank collection.
Advertisement phrases such as "Rapid Refund" have been deemed deceptive and illegal, since these financial products do not speed remittances beyond the routine automation of tax return processing, and do not make it clear that these are loan applications. Beginning with 2011 tax season, the IRS announced that they would no longer provide preparers and financial institutions with the “debt indicator” that assisted banks in determining whether RAL applications were approved. Beginning with the 2013 tax season, major banks are no longer offering RALs but only RACs.
However, a March 2013 article in "CNN Money" reported that tax prep companies are offering a hodgepodge of financial products similar to RALs. The article further states that, "The NCLC Consumer Law Center also found that some shady tax preparers are even offering tax refund loans to lure taxpayers into their offices, but have no intention of lending them the money."
External links.
Taxpayer info/tools:
Organizations/campaigns:
Background:
Policy Analysis:
Podcast:

</doc>
<doc id="19283217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283217" title="Francolí (river)">
Francolí (river)

The Francolí is a river in Catalonia (northeastern Spain). Its source is in the Prades Mountains and it flows into the Mediterranean Sea at Tarragona.
This river has a highly irregular flow. It can cause seasonal floods some of which, like the 1917 one, have caused widespread destruction in Tarragona. Its ancient Roman name was Tulcis.

</doc>
<doc id="19283225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283225" title="İsgəndərli">
İsgəndərli

İsgəndərli or Iskenderli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19283243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283243" title="2008 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach">
2008 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach

The 2008 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach was the third round of the 2008 IndyCar Series season, for teams who competed in the Champ Car World Series in 2007. This was because the 2008 Indy Japan 300 occurred on the same weekend and there was no way of changing dates to avoid the clash. It was held on April 20, 2008, at the street circuit in Long Beach, California. The race was historic in that Will Power became the last ever winner of a Champ Car-style race. The contingent of former Champ Car teams produced a 20-car field, all utilizing the turbocharged Panoz DP01-Cosworth for the final time. All participants entering other IndyCar races earned points towards the 2008 IndyCar Series championship. All the teams raced together again a week later at Kansas Speedway, and for the remainder of the schedule together. The race was run under Champ Car rules, which included the standing start, option tire, two-day qualifying format, ran on time (1 hour, 45 minutes) rather than a set number of laps. The option tire rule was adopted by the IRL for 2009, and the standing start for selected road and street course races in 2013.
The race was broadcast on ESPN2 using ABC's IndyCar Series broadcast crew, who also broadcast the 2008 Indy Japan 300 the previous evening (7 PM) from Long Beach (with the exception of Jack Arute, who was assigned to Motegi). Several IRL staff and team personnel had flown back from Japan Sunday afternoon (local time) and saw at least part of the race, including Motegi winner Danica Patrick, who had scored her historic win the previous evening.

</doc>
<doc id="19283249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283249" title="Economy of Puerto Rico">
Economy of Puerto Rico

The economy of Puerto Rico is classified as a high income economy by the World Bank and as the most competitive economy in Latin America by the World Economic Forum. Its economy is mainly driven by manufacturing, primarily pharmaceuticals, textiles, petrochemicals, and electronics; followed by the service industry, primarily finance, insurance, real estate, and tourism. The geography of Puerto Rico and its political status are both determining factors on its economic prosperity, primarily due to its relatively small size as an island; its lack of natural resources used to produce raw materials, and, consequently, its dependence on imports; as well as its suzerainty to the United States which controls its foreign affairs while exerting trading restrictions, particularly in its shipping industry.
At the macroeconomic level Puerto Rico has been experiencing a recession for consecutive years, starting in 2006 after a series of negative cash flows and the expiration of the section 936 that applied to Puerto Rico of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. This section was critical for the economy of the island as it established tax exemptions for U.S. corporations that settled in Puerto Rico and allowed its subsidiaries operating in the island to send their earnings to the parent corporation at any time, without paying federal tax on corporate income. Puerto Rico has, however, surprisingly been able to maintain a relatively low inflation in the past decade. Academically, most of Puerto Rico's economic woes stem from federal regulations that expired, have been repealed, or no longer apply to Puerto Rico; its inability to become self-sufficient and self-sustainable throughout history; its highly politicized public policy which tends to change whenever a political party gains power; as well as its highly inefficient local government which has accrued a public debt equal to 66% of its gross domestic product throughout time.
In comparison to the different states of the United States, Puerto Rico is poorer than the poorest state of the United States with 41% of its population below the poverty line. However, when compared to Latin America, Puerto Rico has the highest GDP per capita in the region. Its main trading partners are the United States itself, Ireland, and Japan, with most products coming from East Asia, mainly from China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. At a global scale, Puerto Rico's dependency on oil for transportation and electricity generation, as well as its dependency on food imports and raw materials, makes Puerto Rico volatile and highly reactive to changes in the world economy and climate.
Overview.
Despite its relatively small geographical area and limited availability of natural resources, Puerto Rico's productivity is exceptionally high. It has the highest nominal GDP per capita in Latin America, amounting to $26,588 in 2011. Also, Puerto Rico has the second most competitive economy among Ibero-American states, surpassed only by Chile, according to the latest World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Report. The commonwealth has modern infrastructure, a large public sector and an institutional framework guided by the regulations of U.S. federal agencies, most of which have an active and continued presence in the archipelago.
The financial sector is of great prominence, accounting for 5.75% of its Gross National Product (GNP) in 2010, and, similar to any other state of the union, it's also fully integrated into the U.S. financial system, governed under federal regulations, being a constituent part of the jurisdiction of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, responsible for implementing monetary policy enacted by members of the Federal Reserve Board in Washington, D.C. throughout the United States.
Tourism is an important component of Puerto Rican economy supplying an approximate . In 1999, an estimated tourists visited the island, most from the U.S. Nearly a third of these are cruise ship passengers. A steady increase in hotel registrations since 1998 and the construction of new hotels and new tourism projects, such as the Puerto Rico Convention Center, indicate the current strength of the tourism industry. In 2009, tourism accounted for nearly 7% of the islands' gross national product.
Puerto Ricans had median household income of $18,314 for 2009, which makes Puerto Rico's economy comparable to the independent nations of Latvia or Poland. By comparison, the poorest state of the Union, Mississippi, had median household income of $36,646 in 2009. Nevertheless, Puerto Rico's GDP per capita compares favorably to other independent Caribbean nations, and is one of the highest in North America. See List of North American countries by GDP per capita.
History.
Puerto Rico, like many other countries, has transitioned from an agricultural economy to an industrial one. Its economy is currently experiencing a transformation caused by the Information Age, albeit slowly.
Pre-colonialism.
Not much is known about the economic history of Puerto Rico prior to the arrival of Spaniards. The little that is known about its inhabitants, the "Taíno", is that their economy was a mixture of hunting and gathering with agriculture.
The Taíno captured and ate small animals, such as mammals, earthworms, lizards, turtles, and birds. Manatees were speared and fish were caught in nets, speared, poisoned, trapped in weirs, or caught with hook and line. Wild parrots were decoyed with domesticated birds, and iguanas were taken from trees and other vegetation. Livestock was not practiced as there were no large animals native to Puerto Rico that could be raised in an agricultural setting in order to produce commodities such as food, fiber, or labor.
Fields for important root crops, such as the staple yuca, were prepared by heaping up mounds of soil, called "conucos." This improved soil drainage and fertility as well as delaying erosion, and it allowing for longer storage of crops in the ground. Less important crops such as corn were raised in simple clearings created by slash and burn technique. Typically, "conucos" were three feet high and nine feet in circumference and were arranged in rows. The primary root crop was yuca/cassava, a woody shrub cultivated for its edible and starchy tuberous root. It was planted using a "coa", a kind of hoe made completely from wood. Women processed the poisonous variety of cassava by squeezing it to extract the toxic juices. Then they would grind the roots into flour for baking bread. "Batata" (sweet potato) was the next most important root crop.
Contrary to mainland practices, corn was not ground into flour and baked into bread. It was cooked and eaten off the cob. Corn bread becomes moldy faster than cassava bread in the high humidity of the West Indies. The Taíno grew squash, beans, peppers, peanuts, and pineapples. Tobacco, calabashes (West Indian pumpkins) and cotton were grown around the houses. Other fruits and vegetables, such as palm nuts, guavas, and "Zamia" roots, were collected from the wild.
Spanish rule.
The economy of Puerto Rico was transformed drastically upon the arrivals of Spaniards in 1493 until their departure in 1898. The economy during that period was driven by slavery of the native population, the "Taíno", and by slaves brought from Africa. Slaves were minimally remunerated for or forced to work in farms, mines, households, and other aspects. Agriculture was the primary mean of production, as well as livestock which was originally imported from Europe. Sugar cane, tobacco, coffee, and minor fruits were the primary cultivations which were exported to Europe and, by so, constituted the main economy for the island. Mining of gold, silver, and copper occurred as well, although not as much as in other territories during the Spanish colonization of the Americas.
United States rule.
In 1935, United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt launched the Puerto Rican Reconstruction Administration, which provided agricultural development, public works, and electrification of the island.
In the late 1940s a series of projects called Operation Bootstrap encouraged, using tax exemptions, the establishment of factories. Thus manufacturing replaced agriculture as the main industry.
Since the Great Depression there has been external investment in capital-intensive industry such as petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, and technology.
Operation Bootstrap was based on an "industrialization-first" campaign and modernization, focusing the Puerto Rican economy on exports, especially to the United States. Though initially there were large gains in employment and per capita income, recessions in the United States were magnified in the country and have repeatedly hampered Puerto Rican development.
With the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement and the Dominican Republic–Central America Free Trade Agreement, Puerto Rico lost a trade advantage over some Latin American countries as the right to duty-free imports to the U.S. market were expanded. Puerto Rico is also subject to the minimum wage laws of the United States, which gives lower-wage countries such as Mexico and the Dominican Republic an economic advantage in the Caribbean.
In the early 20th century the greatest contributor to Puerto Rico's economy was agriculture and its main crop was sugar. In the late 1940s a series of projects codenamed Operation Bootstrap encouraged a significant shift to manufacture via tax exemptions. Manufacturing quickly replaced agriculture as the main industry of the island. Puerto Rico is classified as a "high income country" by the World Bank.
Economic conditions have improved dramatically since the Great Depression because of external investment in capital-intensive industries such as petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals and technology. Once the beneficiary of special tax treatment from the U.S. government, today local industries must compete with those in more economically depressed parts of the world where wages are not subject to U.S. minimum wage legislation. In recent years, some U.S. and foreign owned factories have moved to lower wage countries in Latin America and Asia. Puerto Rico is subject to U.S. trade laws and restrictions.
Also, starting around 1950, there was heavy migration from Puerto Rico to the Continental United States, particularly New York City, in search of better economic conditions. Puerto Rican migration to New York displayed an average yearly migration of 1,800 for the years 1930–1940, 31,000 for 1946–1950, 45,000 for 1951–1960, and a peak of 75,000 in 1953. As of 2003, the U.S. Census Bureau estimates that more people of Puerto Rican birth or ancestry live in the U.S. than in Puerto Rico.
Recent developments.
On May 1, 2006, the Puerto Rican government faced significant shortages in cash flows, which forced the closure of the local Department of Education and 42 other government agencies. All 1,536 public schools closed, and 95,762 people were furloughed in the first-ever partial shutdown of the government in the island's history. On , 2006, the budget crisis was resolved with a new tax reform agreement so that all government employees could return to work. On , 2006, a 5.5% sales tax was implemented. Municipalities are required by law to apply a municipal sales tax of 1.5% bringing the total sales tax to 7%.
The public debt of Puerto Rico has grown at a faster pace than the growth of its economy, reaching in 2008. In , Luis Fortuño enacted several measures aimed at eliminating the government's deficit, including laying off 12,505 government employees. Puerto Rico's unemployment rate was 15.9 percent in . Some analysts said they expect the government's layoffs to propel that rate to 17 percent.
In November 2010, Gov. Fortuño proposed a tax reform plan that would be implemented in a six-year period, retroactive to , 2010. The first phase, applicable to year 2010, reduces taxes to all individual taxpayers by 7–15%. By year 2016, average relief for individual taxpayers will represent a 50% tax cut and a 30% cut for corporate taxpayers, whose tax rate will be lowered from 41 to 30%.
At the same time, the latest report by the President Task Force on Puerto Rico Status recognizes that the status question and the economy are intimately linked. Many participants in the forums conducted by the Task Force argued that uncertainty about status is holding Puerto Rico back in economic areas. And although there are a number of economic actions that should be taken immediately or in the short term, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the status question, identifying the most effective means of assisting the Puerto Rican economy depends on resolving the ultimate question of status. In short, the long-term economic well-being of Puerto Rico would be dramatically improved by an early decision on the status question.
During fiscal year (FY-2012), the Consolidated Budget for the archipelago, including both direct transfers from federal programs (Social Security and Medicare benefits for workers, Veteran's benefits, Pell Grants and student loan's interest subsidies and miscellaneous temporary appropriations -e.g. American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 grants totalling $2.6 billion-) represented more than $28.7 billion, or approximately 30% of its GDP, while revenues surpassed $31 billion. In 2010, federal transfers amounted $16.710 billion, while the Commonwealth's government managed funds of $10.12 billion.
As result of the recent reduction of Spain's credit rating, Puerto Rico holds the second highest credit rating awarded by the agency to a Spanish speaking territory in the long term (BBB+, Stable ).
In June of 2013, a $300 million US Medicaid payment to Puerto Rico was delayed because the Puerto Rican Government had changed their nationally sponsored insurance carrier without obtaining approval from the US Health and Human Services Department. This one of several troubling economic developments, including high debt to population ratios, that have, per Forbes Magazine, caused consternation in the US municipal bond market. 
Current economy.
Puerto Rico has been experiencing a recession for consecutive years, starting in 2006 after a series of negative cash flows and the expiration of the section 936 that applied to Puerto Rico of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. This section was critical for the economy as it established tax exemptions for U.S. corporations that settled in Puerto Rico and allowed its subsidiaries operating in the island to send their earnings to the parent corporation at any time, without paying federal tax on corporate income. The government has also experienced consecutive negative cash flows since 2000, exacerbating its fragile economic situation as the government is forced to incur into new debt in order to pay the old one.
Puerto Rico has, however, surprisingly been able to maintain a relatively low inflation in the past decade. Academically, most of Puerto Rico's economic woes stem from federal regulations that expired, have been repealed, or no longer apply to Puerto Rico; its inability to become self-sufficient and self-sustainable throughout history; its highly politicized public policy which tends to change whenever a political party gains power; as well as its highly inefficient local government which has accrued a public debt equal to 66% of its gross domestic product throughout time.
Personal income.
Federal transfer payments to Puerto Rico make up more than 20% of the island's personal income. By comparison, the poorest state, Mississippi, had a median level of $21,587, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's Current Population Survey, 2002 to 2004 Annual Social and Economic Supplements. Since 1952, the gap between Puerto Rico's per capita income and the national level has changed substantially – from one third the U.S. national average and roughly half that of the poorest state in 1952, to 10% less than the poorest state in 2007.
Local unemployment and employment loss.
In 2006, the unemployment rate was 11.7%. By November 2009, it stood at 12% and had increased to 15.7% by October 2010. Currently the unemployment rate is at 13.7%
The U.S. state with the highest unemployment in October 2007 was Michigan, at 7.7%,
and the U.S. average was 4.4%.
Taxation.
On November 15, 2006, the Legislature of Puerto Rico implemented a 5.5% sales tax. An optional 1-1.5% municipal tax had been in effect since May 2006.
Public debt and negative cash flows.
The public debt of Puerto Rico has grown at a faster pace than the growth of its economy, reaching $46.7 billion in 2008. In January 2009, Governor Luis Fortuño enacted several measures aimed at eliminating the government's $3.3 billion deficit.
Since 2000, the government of Puerto Rico has experienced consecutive negative cash flows which has contributed to the enlargement of its public debt, as the government incurs in new debt in order to pay the older one.
On February 4, 2014 Standard & Poor's downgraded the debt of Puerto Rico to junk status. Puerto Rico has roughly $70 billon outstanding debt for a population of four million inhabitants. Despite its small population it is the third issuer of municipal bonds in all 50 states and territories. First being California, second New York.
Tourism.
Tourism is an important component of the Puerto Rican economy supplying an approximate $1.8 billion. In 1999, an estimated five million tourists visited the island, most from the United States. Nearly a third of these were cruise ship passengers. An increase in hotel registrations, which has been observed since 1998, and the construction of new hotels and the Puerto Rico Convention Center are indicators of the current strength of the tourism industry.
The following are significant public and private projects (finished, planned or under construction) which are aimed at increasing the tourism industry in Puerto Rico:
Cost of living.
The cost of living in Puerto Rico, specifically San Juan, is quite high compared to most major cities in the United States. One factor is housing prices which are comparable to Miami and Los Angeles, although property taxes are considerably lower than most places in the United States. Statistics used for cost of living sometimes do not take into account certain costs, such as increased travel costs for longer flights, additional shipping fees, and the loss of promotional participation opportunities for customers "outside the continental United States". While some online stores do offer free shipping on orders to Puerto Rico, many merchants exclude Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico and other United States territories.
The median home value in Puerto Rico ranges from $100,000 USD to $214,000 USD, while the national median home value sits at $119,600.
One of the most significant contributors to the high cost of living in Puerto Rico is the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (also known as the Jones Act) which prevents foreign-flagged ships from carrying cargo between two American ports (a practice known as cabotage). Because of the Jones Act, foreign ships inbound with goods from Central and South America, Western Europe, and Africa cannot stop in Puerto Rico, offload Puerto Rico-bound goods, load mainland-bound Puerto Rico-manufactured goods, and continue to U.S. ports. Instead, they must proceed directly to U.S. ports, where distributors break bulk and send Puerto Rico-bound manufactured goods to Puerto Rico across the ocean by U.S.-flagged ships.
Puerto Rican consumers ultimately bear the expense of transporting goods again across the Atlantic and Caribbean Sea on U.S.-flagged ships subject to the extremely high operating costs imposed by the Jones Act. This also makes Puerto Rico less competitive with Caribbean ports as a shopping destination for tourists from home countries with much higher taxes (like mainland states) even though prices for non-American manufactured goods in theory should be cheaper since Puerto Rico is much closer to Central and South America, Western Europe, and Africa.
The local government of Puerto Rico has requested several times to the U.S. Congress to exclude Puerto Rico from the Jones Act restrictions without success. The most recent measure has been taken by the 17th Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico through R. Conc. del S. 21. These measures have always received support from all the major local political parties. In 2013 the Government Accountability Office published a report which concluded that "repealing or amending the Jones Act cabotage law might cut Puerto Rico shipping costs" and that "shippers believed that opening the trade to non-U.S.-flag competition could lower costs." The report, however, concluded that the effects of modifying the application of the Jones Act for Puerto Rico are highly uncertain for both Puerto Rico and the United States, particularly for the U.S. shipping industry and the military preparedness of the United States.
Trade with the United States.
As an unincorporated territory of the United States, travel and trade between Puerto Rico and the U.S. mainland or other U.S. territory are not subject to international border controls. However, all goods moving from Puerto Rico to the U.S. mainland are subject to agriculture inspection controls by USDA. Travelers and goods move without restriction between Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories such as U.S. Virgin Islands. Travel and trade between Puerto Rico and territory outside U.S. jurisdiction are subject to international border controls.
Mail bound for the mainland from Puerto Rico and Hawaii is subject to USDA inspection for quarantined plant matter.
Puerto Rico may collect import duties only to the same degree it taxes the same goods produced domestically.
Puerto Rico receives cross-over subsidies, which generated approximately $371 million in 2008.
Per capita, median income, and GDP per capita.
Puerto Rico has a GDP per capita of $16,300 (2010 est.). Compared to the rest of the world they are ranked 73rd. Puerto Rico's GDP per capita has been declining in recent years ($18,100 (2008 est.), and $17,400 (2009 est.)). According to statistics from the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), its GDP per capita is the 10th highest in the Caribbean, behind the Bahamas ($30,400),Aruba ($25,300) Barbados ($25,000),Trinidad and Tobago($20,000),Antigua & Barbuda ($17,800) and British dependencies Cayman Islands ($43,800),British Virgin Islands($42,300) and Turks & Caicos($29,100).
In 2010 the median income in Puerto Rico was $19,370, which is just over half that of the poorest state (Mississippi, $37,838) and 37% of the nationwide average ($51,144). According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor of the United States, the mean annual salary of residents of Puerto Rico is $27,190, the lowest among U.S. territories continuously surveyed periodically by this institution. Guam has the second lowest mean salary to $31,840, closely followed Mississippi, a state, with $34,770. This spread in mean wages could be explained by a minimum wage law for certain industries that are capped to 70% of the federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="19283252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19283252" title="Dash and Will">
Dash and Will

Dash & Will are an Australian indie pop/pop rock duo formed in 2006, from Melbourne.
Career history.
Dash (Charlotte "Charlie" Thorpe) and Will (Josie De Sousa-Reay) first met in early 1999, at age nine. The pair both started grade four on the same day at the same new school, Preshil: The Margaret Lyttle Memorial School. Their original relationship was bitter, as Josie recalls the two had "hated each other for quite a few years". At age twelve, they began performing together and in year nine (age fourteen), Charlie and Josie were awarded a small financial grant to record a professional demo of their original songs.
The following year, in 2005, Josie's dad was talking to the father of one of the girl's classmates, Barry Palmer a Melbourne-based producer and former guitarist with Hunters & Collectors and Deadstar. Not long after, Palmer contacted the girls and asked if they would come into the studio for a chat and live performance. He then signed the duo to his music production company, Gigantically Small, and they would eventually sign to Mercury Records through Universal Music Australia.
Dash and Will headlined the 2008 Rock the Schools tour across New South Wales in May, as well as supporting Ben Lee, Matt Costa and Faker's Nathan Hudson. Their first single, "Pick You Up", was released in May 2008, and second single "Fighting Over Nothing" was released in October 2008.
Dash and Will supported British indie rockers The Kooks on their Australian tour in August and September 2008 as well as The Futureheads, End of Fashion and Van She. They were also on the bill to play the long-running summer festivals Homebake and Falls Festival, also playing on The Other Stage at Southbound in 2009.
In September 2008, the duo's version of The Easybeats' "Somethin' Wrong" was released on "Easy Fever", a compilation of The Easybeats' classic songs performed by Australian and New Zealand artists.
Dash & Will once again supported The Kooks on their second tour of Australia in January 2009, as well as supporting another UK band The Ting Tings. The duo found exposure through appearances on numerous Australian television programs, including children show "Saturday Disney" and music quiz shows "RocKwiz" and 'Spicks and Specks'. They also hosted four episodes of a music based show for kids, "The Go Show", on the Foxtel channel Nickelodeon.
They released their debut studio album, "Up in Something", in August 2009.
In May 2011, Dash and Will also supported Justin Bieber on his 'My World' tour in Australia.

</doc>
