<doc id="19186951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186951" title="Abdullah of Saudi Arabia">
Abdullah of Saudi Arabia

Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( "", Najdi Arabic pronunciation: , born 1 August 1924) is the King of Saudi Arabia. He ascended to the throne on 1 August 2005 upon the death of his half-brother, King Fahd.
Abdullah, like Fahd, was one of the many sons of Ibn Saud, the founder of modern Saudi Arabia. Abdullah has held important political posts throughout most of his adult life. In 1961 he became mayor of Mecca, his first public office. And, in 1962, he was appointed commander of the Saudi Arabian National Guard, a post he was still holding when he became king. He also served as deputy defense minister and was named crown prince when Fahd took the throne in 1982. After King Fahd suffered a serious stroke in 1995, Abdullah became the "de facto" ruler of Saudi Arabia until claiming the throne a decade later.
Abdullah is the sixth king of oil-rich Saudi Arabia, thus controlling 18% of the world's oil. As of 2013 the kingdom boasts a GDP of over $900 billion making it among the 20 richest countries worldwide. The kingdom has been categorized as a high-income economy along with high human development. Abdullah has during his regime maintained close relations with United States and Britain and bought billions of dollars worth of defense equipment from both states. Abdullah has also pushed toward more rights for women in the kingdom by giving them the right to vote and to compete in the Olympics. Furthermore, Abdullah successfully maintained the status quo during the waves of protest in the kingdom during the Arab Spring. In November 2013, a BBC report claimed that Saudi Arabia could obtain nuclear weapons at will from Pakistan due to a long-standing relationship.
The King has already outlived two of his crown princes. Conservative Interior Minister Nayef bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud was named heir to the throne on the death of Sultan bin Abdulaziz in October 2011, but Nayef himself died in June 2012. Abdullah then named the more liberal 76-year-old defense minister, Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, as crown prince. According to a 2001 report, Abdullah "has four wives, seven sons, and 15 daughters". To placate Saudi Islamists, the king did not allow U.S. Iraq War forces to use bases in Saudi Arabia. The king has a personal fortune estimated at US$18 billion, making him the third wealthiest head of state in the world.
Early life.
Abdullah was born on 1 August 1924. He is the tenth son of King Abdulaziz. His mother, Fahda bint Asi Al Shuraim was a member of Al Rashid, longtime rivals of the Al Saud. She was descended from the powerful Shammar tribe and was the daughter of former Shammar tribe chief, Asi Shuraim. She died when Abdullah was six. He has younger full-sisters.
Madawi al Rasheed argues that his maternal roots and his experience of an early speech impediment led to delay in his rise to higher status among the other sons of King Abdulaziz.
Commander of National Guard.
In 1963, Abdullah was made commander of Saudi National Guard (SANG). This post allowed him to secure his position in the House of Saud. SANG which had based on the Ikhwan became a modern army force under his command. Beginning by 1985, SANG also sponsors the Janadiriyah festival that institutionalized the traditional folk dances, camel races and tribal heritage.
Second Deputy Prime Minister.
King Khalid appointed Prince Abdullah as second deputy prime minister in March 1975, a reflection of being the second in line of succession to the Saudi throne. In other words, after this appointment, Prince Abdullah became the number three-man in Saudi administration. However, his appointment caused friction in the House of Saud. Then-crown prince Prince Fahd together with his full-brothers known as Sudairi Seven supported the appointment of their own full brother, Prince Sultan. Prince Abdullah was pressured to concede control of SANG in return for his appointment as Second Deputy Prime Minister. In August 1977, this caused a debate between hundreds of princes in Riyadh. Abdullah did not concede authority of SANG because he feared that would weaken his authority. 
Crown Prince.
On 13 June 1982 when King Khalid died, Fahd bin Abdulaziz became King, Prince Abdullah became Crown Prince the same day. He also maintained his position as head of the National Guard. During his years as crown prince, Abdullah bin Abdulaziz was described as a supporter of accommodation. He managed to group a large number of fringe and marginalized princes discontented with the prospect of the succession being passed among the Sudairi brothers one after the other. His control of the National Guard also was a key factor in his success in becoming crown prince. When King Fahd was incapacitated by a major stroke in 1995, Crown Prince Abdullah acted as "de facto" regent of Saudi Arabia.
In May 2001, Crown Prince Abdullah did not accept an invitation to visit Washington due to U.S. support for Israel in the Al Aqsa Intifada. He also appeared more eager than King Fahd to cut government spending and open Saudi Arabia up economically. However, Crown Prince Abdullah surprisingly pushed for Saudi membership in the World Trade Organization.
In August 2001, he ordered then Saudi Ambassador to the US, Bandar bin Sultan, to return to Washington. This reportedly occurred after Crown Prince Abdullah witnessed a brutality between an Israeli soldier and a Palestinian woman. He later also condemned Israel for attacking families of accused suspects.
In 2002, he developed an Arab peace initiative, commonly referred to as the "Abdullah plan", to achieve mutually agreed-on resolution of the Arab-Israeli conflict. The initiative was adopted at the League of Arab States's Beirut summit in March 2002.
On the second anniversary of the September 11 attacks, Crown Prince Abdullah wrote a letter to U.S. President George W. Bush, which ended with the following words:
"God Almighty, in His wisdom, tests the faithful by allowing such calamities to happen. But He, in His mercy, also provides us with the will and determination, generated by faith, to enable us to transform such tragedies into great achievements, and crises that seem debilitating are transformed into opportunities for the advancement of humanity. I only hope that, with your cooperation and leadership, a new world will emerge out of the rubble of the World Trade Center: a world that is blessed by the virtues of freedom, peace, prosperity and harmony."
By late 2003, after the Saudi Arabian branch of al-Qaeda carried out a series of bombings that threatened to destabilize the country, Crown Prince Abdullah together with other decision-making elites began to deal with political concerns. One of such moves was his project to promote more tolerance for religious diversity and rein in the forces of politico-religious extremism in the kingdom, leading to the establishment of National Dialogue. In the summer of 2003, Abdullah threw his considerable weight behind the creation of a national dialogue that brought leading religious figures together, including a highly publicized meeting attended by the kingdom's preeminent Shi'i scholar Hasan al-Saffar, as well as a group of Sunni clerics who had previously expressed their loathing for the Shi'i minority. ("See also" King Abdulaziz Center For National Dialogue)
King of Saudi Arabia.
Abdullah succeeded to the throne upon the death of his half-brother King Fahd. He was formally enthroned on 3 August 2005.
Domestic affairs.
King Abdullah's administration has realized various reforms in different fields.
In 2005, King Abdullah implemented a government scholarship program to send young Saudi men and women to Western universities for undergraduate and postgraduate studies. The program offered funds for tuition and living expenses up to four years. It is estimated that more than 70,000 students studied abroad in more than 25 countries. United States, England, and Australia are the top three destinations mostly aimed for by the young Saudi students. There are more than 22,000 Saudi students studying in the US, exceeding pre-9/11 levels. Public health engagement included breast cancer awareness and CDC cooperation to set up an advanced epidemic screening network that protected this year's 3 million Hajj pilgrims.
King Abdullah has implemented many reform measures. He has re-shuffled the Ministry of Education's leadership in February 2009 by bringing in his pro-reform son-in-law, Faisal bin Abdullah, as the new minister. He also appointed Nora Al Fayez, a US-educated former teacher, as deputy education minister in charge of a new department for female students.
He realized a top-to-bottom restructuring of the country's courts to introduce, among other things, review of judicial decisions and more professional training for Shari'a judges. He developed a new investment promotion agency to overhaul the once-convoluted process of starting a business in Saudi Arabia. He created a regulatory body for capital markets. He has promoted the construction of the King Abdullah University for Science and Technology (the country's new flagship and controversially-coed institution for advanced scientific research). He invested in educating the workforce for future jobs. The Saudi government is also encouraging the development of non-hydrocarbon sectors in which the Kingdom has a comparative advantage, including mining, solar energy, and religious tourism. The Kingdom's 2010 budget reflected these priorities—about 25 percent was devoted to education alone—and amounts to a significant economic stimulus package.
The response of his administration to homegrown terrorism was a series of crackdowns including raids by security forces, arrests, torture and public beheadings. He vowed to fight terrorist ideologies within the country. He made the protection of Saudi Arabia's critical infrastructure a top security priority.
His strategy against terrorism has been two-pronged: he attacked the roots of the extremism that fed Al-Qaida through education and judicial reforms to weaken the influence of the most reactionary elements of Saudi Arabia's religious establishment. He is also promoting economic diversification.
He decreed in August 2010 that only officially approved religious scholars associated with the Senior Council of Ulema would be allowed to issue fatwas. Similar decrees since 2005 were previously seldom enforced. Individual fatwas relating to personal matters were exempt from the royal decree. The decree also instructed the Grand Mufti to identify eligible scholars.
In light of the Arab Spring, Abdullah laid down a $37-billion programme of new spending including new jobless benefits, education and housing subsidies, debt write-offs, and a new sports channel. There was also a pledge to spend a total of $400bn by the end of 2014 to improve education, health care and the kingdom's infrastructure. However, Saudi police arrested 100 Shiite protesters who complained of government discrimination. Later during the 2011–2012 Saudi Arabian protests, in September 2011, the King announced women's right to vote in the 2015 municipal council elections, a first significant reform step in the country since the protests. He also stated that women would become eligible to take part in the unelected "shura".
In January 2012, King Abdullah dismissed the head of Saudi Arabia's powerful religious police, replacing him with a more moderate cleric, state news agency SPA reported without giving reasons. Abdullatif Abdel Aziz al-Sheikh, was named in place of Sheikh Abdulaziz al-Humain, to head the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice. King Abdullah, appointed Humain in 2009 to head the "mutaween" which ensures the strict application of the country's ultra-conservative version of Islam, as a step towards reforming it. Humain hired consultants to restructure the organisation, met local human rights groups and consulted professional image-builders in a broad public relations campaign. Under his leadership the commission also investigated and punished some out-of-control officers for misbehaviour.
In July 2012, Saudi Arabia announced that it would allow its women athletes to compete in the Olympics for the first time. Officials say the country's Olympic Committee will "oversee participation of women athletes who can qualify". The decision will end recent speculation as to whether the entire Saudi team could have been disqualified on grounds of gender discrimination. The public participation of women in sport is still fiercely opposed by many Saudi religious conservatives. There is almost no public tradition of women participating in sport in the country. Saudi officials said that, if successful in qualifying, female competitors would be dressed "to preserve their dignity". On 11 January 2013, King Abdullah appointed thirty women to the Consultative Assembly or Shura Council as well as modified the related law to realize that the female members of the assembly would be consisted of no less than 20 percent of 150 members.
In August 2013, the Saudi cabinet approved a law making domestic violence a criminal offence for the first time. The law calls for a punishment of up to a year in prison and a fine of up to 50,000 riyals (US$13,000). The maximum punishments can be doubled for repeat offenders. The law criminalizes psychological and sexual abuse, as well as physical abuse. It also includes a provision obliging employees to report instances of abuse in the workplace to their employer. The move followed a Twitter campaign. The new laws were welcomed by Saudi women's rights activists, although some expressed concerns that the law could not be implemented successfully without new training for the judiciary, and that the tradition of male guardianship would remain an obstacle to prosecutions.
Interfaith dialogue.
In November 2007, King Abdullah visited Pope Benedict XVI in the Apostolic Palace. He is the first Saudi monarch to visit the Pope. In March 2008, he called for a “brotherly and sincere dialogue between believers from all religions.”
In June 2008, he held a conference in Mecca to urge Muslim leaders to speak with one voice with Jewish and Christian leaders. He discussed and took approval of the Saudi Islamic scholars and the world's renowned Islamic scholars to hold the interfaith dialogue. In the same month, Saudi Arabia and Spain agreed to hold the interfaith dialogue in Spain. The historic conference finally took place in Madrid in July 2008 where religious leaders of different faiths participated.
He had never earlier made any overtures for dialogue with eastern religious leaders such as Hindus and Buddhists. The Mecca conference discussed an important paper on the dialogue with the followers of monotheistic religions highlighting the monotheistic religions of southeast Asia including Sikhism in the third axis of the fourth meeting titled "With Whom We Talk" presented by Sheikh Badrul Hasan Al Qasimi. The session was chaired by Ezz Eddin Ibrahim, advisor to the president of the United Arab Emirates for culture. The session also discussed a paper presented on coordination among Islamic institutions on Dialogue by Abdullah bin Omar Nassif, Secretary General of the World Islamic Council for Preaching and Relief and a paper on dialogue with divine messages, presented by Professor Mohammad Sammak – Secretary General of the Islamic Spiritual Summit in Lebanon.
In November 2008, he and his government were responsible for the "Peace of Culture" which took place at the United Nations General Assembly. It brought together Muslim and non-Muslim nations to eradicate preconceptions of Islam and Terrorism. It brought together world leaders, including former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair, Israeli President Shimon Peres, U.S. President George W. Bush, and King Abdullah II of Jordan.
In 2011, an agreement for the establishment of the King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz International Centre for Interreligious and Intercultural Dialogue in Vienna was signed between the governments of Austria, Spain and Saudi Arabia. The official opening of the centre was in November 2012. Foreign Minister Saud Al Faisal is its general secretary, while Austria's former Federal Minister of Justice Claudia Bandion Ortner is the deputy general secretary.
Arab common market.
King Abdullah called for the establishment of an Arab common market in January 2011. Saudi foreign minister, Saud bin Faisal, stated the Arab Customs Union would be ready by 2015 and by 2017 the common market would also be in place. There have been intensive efforts to link Arab countries with a railway system and an electricity power grid. Work on the power grid project has started in some Arab countries.
Aiding Syrian rebels.
Members of Abdullah's family were reported as being aides of the Syrian rebels. By May 2013, Saudis were the main backers of Syrian rebels.
United States.
In October 1976, as Prince Abdullah was being trained for greater responsibility in Riyadh, he was sent to the United States to meet with President Gerald Ford. He again traveled to the United States as Crown Prince in October 1987, meeting Vice President George H. W. Bush. In September 1998, Crown Prince Abdullah made a state visit to the United States to meet in Washington, D.C. with President Bill Clinton. In September 2000, he attended millennium celebrations at the United Nations in New York City. In April 2002, Crown Prince Abdullah made a state visit to the United States with President George W. Bush and he returned again in April 2005 with Bush. In April 2009, at a summit for world leaders U.S. President Barack Obama met him. In June 2009, King Abdullah hosted President Obama in Saudi Arabia. In turn, Obama hosted King Abdullah at the White House in the same month.
He showed great support for Obama's presidency. "Thank God for bringing Obama to the presidency," he said, adding that Obama's election created "great hope" in the Muslim world. He stated, "We (the U.S. and Saudi Arabia) spilled blood together" in Kuwait and Iraq and Saudi Arabia valued this tremendously and friendship can be a difficult issue that requires work but the U.S. and Saudi Arabia have done it for 70 years over three generations. "Our disagreements don't cut to the bone," he stated. He was the leading gift-giver to the U.S. president and his office in his first two years in office, his gifts totaling more than $300,000. A ruby and diamond jewelry set, given by the king and accepted by Michelle Obama on behalf of the United States, was worth $132,000. However, according to federal law, gifts of such nature and value are accepted "on behalf of the United States" and are considered property of the U.S. government.
He said that "it was a mistake" to limit access of Saudi citizens to the United States.
Iraq.
The Bush Administration ignored advice from him and Saudi foreign minister Saud Al Faisal against invading Iraq. However, other sources said that many Arab governments were only nominally opposed to the Iraq invasion because of popular hostility. Before becoming king, Prince Abdullah was thought to be completely against the U.S. invasion of Iraq; this, however, was not the case. Riyadh provided essential support to the United States during the war and proved that "necessity does lead to some accommodations from time to time." The King expressed a complete lack of trust in Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Al Maliki and held out little hope for improved Saudi-Iraqi relations as long as al-Maliki remains in office. King Abdullah told an Iraqi official about Al Maliki, “You and Iraq are in my heart, but that man is not.”
Iran.
In 2006, Iranian Supreme Leader Khamenei had sent his adviser Ali Akbar Velayati with a letter asking for King Abdullah's agreement to establish a formal back channel for communication between the two leaders. Abdullah said he had agreed, and the channel was established with Velayati and Saud Al Faisal as the points of contact. In the years since, the King noted, the channel had never been used.
In April 2008, King Abdullah told US ambassador to Iraq, Ryan Crocker and US General David Petraeus to "cut off the head of the snake". Saudi Arabia's ambassador to Washington, Adel al-Jubeir recalled the King's frequent exhortations to the US to attack Iran and to put an end to its nuclear weapons program." King Abdullah asserted that Iran is trying to set up Hezbollah-like organizations in African countries, observing that the Iranians don't think they are doing anything wrong and don't recognize their mistakes. He said the Iranians "launch missiles with the hope of putting fear in people and the world." The King described his conversation with Iranian Foreign Minister Mottaki as "a heated exchange, frankly discussing Iran's interference in Arab affairs." When challenged by the King on Iranian meddling in Hamas affairs, Mottaki apparently protested that "these are Muslims." "No, Arabs" countered the King, "You as Persians have no business meddling in Arab matters." King Abdullah said he would favor Rafsanjani in an Iranian election.
He told General Jones that Iranian internal turmoil presented an opportunity to weaken the regime—which he encouraged—but he also urged that this be done covertly and stressed that public statements in support of the reformers were counterproductive. The King assessed that sanctions could help weaken the government, but only if they are strong and sustained.
Bahrain.
In 14 March Saudi forces led troops into Bahrain to quell peaceful demonstrations. At the same time, the Saudis formed the Gulf Cooperation Council to coordinate efforts between different Gulf countries.
Guantánamo Bay.
In December 2010, leaked diplomatic cables published by WikiLeaks revealed that King Abdullah wanted all detainees released from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to be tracked through an implanted microchip, in a similar way to race horses. The King made the private suggestion during a meeting in Riyadh in March 2009 with John O. Brennan, the White House counter-terrorism adviser. Brennan replied that "horses don't have good lawyers" and that such a proposal would "face legal hurdles" in the United States. In the same cables, it was revealed that Abdullah also privately urged the United States to attack Iran to destroy its nuclear weapons program.
China.
Since King Abdullah's visit to Beijing in January 2006, the Saudi-Chinese relationship has focused predominantly on energy and trade. The king's visit was the first by a Saudi head of state to China since the two countries established diplomatic relations in 1990.
In late March 2011, King Abdullah sent Bandar, secretary general of the National Security Council, to China to gain its support regarding Saudi Arabia's attitude towards the Arab Spring. In turn, lucrative arm contracts were secretly offered to China by the Kingdom. Furthermore, King Abdullah believes that China as well as India were the future markets for Saudi energy.
Relations with other nations.
In a November 2009, the King was received by Nicolas Sarkozy who committed various diplomatic faux pas. The diplomatic relationship Jacques Chirac had with Saudi Arabia was not evident with Sarkozy. In January 2011, the Kingdom granted asylum to the ousted Tunisian leader, Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali, under conditions of no further political involvement. According to leaked cables, King Abdullah was more receptive than Crown Prince Sultan to former Yemeni President Saleh.
Saudi Arabia, by the endorsement of the Gulf Cooperation Council, sent 1200 troops to Bahrain to protect industrial facilities, resulting in strained relations with the United States. The military personnel were part of the Peninsula Shield Force which is stationed in Saudi Arabia but not affiliated with one country alone.
King Abdullah supported renewed diplomatic relations with the Syrian government and Bashar al-Assad. They met in Damascus on 7 October 2009. In addition, Assad attended the opening of King Abdullah University of Science and Technology in October 2009. However, in August 2011, King Abdullah recalled the Saudi Ambassador from Damascus due to the political unrest in Syria.
In December 2011, King Abdullah called on leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council to strengthen their alliance into a united "single entity" as they confront threats to national security. "I ask you today to move from a stage of cooperation to a stage of union in a single entity," King Abdullah said at the opening session of a GCC meeting in Riyadh in comments aired on Saudi state television. “No doubt, you all know we are targeted in our security and stability.”
Criticism.
On 16 February 2003, "Parade Magazine"'s David Wallechinsky rated King Fahd and Crown Prince Abdullah as the second worst dictator in the world. Most of this criticism stems from the fact that most of Saudi citizens live under a strict Wahhabist interpretation of Sharia law, which mandates the amputation of hands as a punishment for theft and floggings for crimes like drunkenness. Execution by public beheading is common for murder, rape, drug trafficking, and witchcraft, and Abdullah's policies towards the rights of women have also been criticized. In a slight rebuff to accusations of human rights violations, Saudi inmates of Najran Province sent the King well-wishes from jail and wished him a speedy recovery.
King Abdullah has also been criticized for his policies on religious freedom, which is reportedly non-existent, and the Saudi government allegedly has arrested Shiite pilgrims on the Hajj. On 24 January 2007, Human Rights Watch sent an open letter to King Abdullah asking him to cease religious persecution of the Ahmadi faith in Saudi Arabia. Two letters were sent in November 2006 and February 2007 asking him to remove the travel ban on critics of the Saudi government. Human Rights Watch has not yet indicated whether they have received any response to these letters.
On 30 October 2007, during a state visit to the United Kingdom, King Abdullah was greeted by protesters accusing him of being a "murderer" and a "torturer". Concerns were raised in the UK about the treatment of women and homosexuals by the Saudi kingdom and over alleged bribes involving arms deals between Saudi Arabia and the UK.
Succession to the throne.
King Abdullah's heir-apparent was his half brother Crown Prince Sultan until the latter's death on 22 October 2011. The title of Crown Prince then passed to Prince Sultan's full brother, Prince Nayef until his death in Geneva, Switzerland, on 16 June 2012, while undergoing medical tests for an undisclosed ailment. His third heir-apparent is Prince Salman who was named as Crown Prince on 18 June 2012.
In 2006, Abdullah set up the Allegiance Council, a body that is composed of the sons and grandsons of Saudi Arabia's founder, King Abdulaziz, to vote by a secret ballot to choose future kings and crown princes. The council's mandate was not to have started until after the reigns of both King Abdullah and late Prince Sultan were over. It was not clear what was to happen when Prince Sultan died before the end of Abdullah's reign, leaving a question as to whether the council would vote for a new crown prince, or whether Prince Nayef would automatically fill that position. Despite such concerns, Prince Nayef was appointed Crown Prince on 27 October 2011 after consultation with the Allegiance Council by Abdullah.
In November 2010, Prince Nayef chaired a cabinet meeting because of the deterioration of the King's health. During the same month, King Abdullah transferred his duties as Commander of the Saudi National Guard to his son Prince Mutaib. King Abdullah is credited with building up the once largely ceremonial unit into a modern 260,000-strong force that is a counterweight to the army. The Guard, which was Abdullah's original power base, protects the royal family. This was suggested as an apparent sign that the elderly monarch is beginning to lessen some of his duties.
Various positions.
King Abdullah was Commander of the Saudi National Guard from 1963 to 2010. He was Chairman of the Saudi Supreme Economic Council until 2009.
He is President of the High Council for Petroleum and Minerals, President of the King Abdulaziz Center For National Dialogue, Chairman of the Council of Civil Service, and head of the Military Service Council.
Personal life.
King Abdullah followed his father's (King Abdulaziz's) path in terms of marriage in that he married the daughters of the al Shalan of Anizah, al Fayz of Bani Sakhr, and al Jarbah of the Iraqi branch of the Shammar tribe. King Abdullah has had over 30 wives, and has fathered more than 40 children. One of his wives is the sister of Rifaat al-Assad's wife. He also married Jawahir bint Ali Hussein from Al Jiluwi clan, with whom he has a daughter, Princess Anoud and a son, Prince Saud.
He is 180 cm (5 ft 11 inches) tall.
Sons.
King Abdullah's eldest son Prince Khaled was deputy commander of the Saudi Arabian National Guard West until 1992. His second son Prince Mutaib is the commander of the National Guard. Prince Mishaal has been the governor of the Makkah Province since 2009. Prince Abdulaziz was the king's former Syrian adviser and has been deputy foreign affairs minister since 2011. Prince Faisal is the head of the Saudi Arabian Red Crescent Society. King Abdullah's seventh son, Prince Turki, who was a jet pilot at the Royal Saudi Air Force, is deputy governor of the Riyadh Province. The youngest son, Prince Badr, was born in 2003, when Abdullah was about 79 years old.
Daughters.
King Abdullah's daughter Princess Adila is married to Faisal bin Abdullah. She is one of the few Saudi princesses with a semi-public role, and a known advocate of women's right to drive. She is also known as "her father's public face." Another daughter, Princess Aliya, is the chairperson of the Social Service Program, a Jeddah based initiative. A third daughter, Princess Maryam, is a Europe-based doctor who leads a very private life. One of Abdullah's younger daughters, Princess Sahab, was born in 1993. Sahab bint Abdullah married Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa, son of Bahraini King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, on 6 June 2011. Princess Sahab is the daughter of the king from his wife of the Al-Jarbah tribe.
Health.
The King has curtailed his activities since June 2010 with no clear explanation. Diplomats said there has been uncertainty about the extent of his health problems since Abdullah canceled a visit to France. In a television appearance in which he was seen to use a cane, King Abdullah said he was in good health but had something "bothering" him.
From 2010 to 2012 King Abdullah had four back surgeries. The first two of the surgeries were in New York, one in 2010 for a slipped disk and a blood clot pressing on nerves in his back and a second to stabilize vertebrae in 2011. The third one was in Riyadh in 2011. And the last one was also in Riyadh on 17 November 2012.
In November 2010, his back problems came to light in the media. He had an "accumulation of blood" around the spinal cord. He suffered from a herniated disc and was told to rest by doctors. To maintain the Kingdom's stability, Crown Prince Sultan returned from Morocco during the King's absence. The King was admitted to New York-Presbyterian Hospital after a blood clot complicated a slipped disc and underwent successful back surgery. The lead surgeon was Muhammad Zaka, who probably removed the herniated disk and performed a lumbar fusion. He subsequently had another successful surgery in which surgeons "stabilized a number of vertebras". He left the hospital on 22 December 2010 and convalesced at The Plaza in New York City. On 22 January 2011, he left the United States and went to Morocco. He returned to the Kingdom on 23 February 2011.
King Abdullah left Saudi Arabia on "special leave" on 27 August 2012. "Al-Quds" reported that he had an operation at Mount Sinai Hospital, New York on or before 4 September 2012, following a heart attack. However, there was no official report on this alleged operation. Instead, it was officially announced that the King went on a private trip to Morocco, where he is known to go frequently. The King returned to Saudi Arabia from Morocco on 24 September. Nearly two months later, in November 2012, King Abdullah underwent another back surgery in Riyadh and left hospital on 13 December 2012.
Influence.
King Abdullah has been named as the most influential Muslim among 500 Muslims for the past 4 years. In December 2012, "Forbes" named him as the seventh most powerful figure in its list of the "World's Most Powerful People" for 2012, being the sole Arab in the top ten.
Honours and awards.
King Abdullah is recipient of a number of international high orders. Most notably, he is an honoured knight of the strictly Roman Catholic Order of the Golden Fleece (the Spanish branch), which has caused some controversy.
In April 2012, he was awarded by the United Nations a gold medal for his contributions to intercultural understanding and peace initiatives.
Wealth.
In 2011, "Forbes" estimated his and his immediate family's documentable wealth at , ranking him as one of the richest royals in the world.
Al Janadria Farm and stables.
King Abdullah is well trained and was expert on riding horses during his youth, he himself has stables and considers the largest in the Kingdom, with over 1,000 horses spread throughout five divisions led by his son Prince Mutaib bin Abdullah. The King owns Janadria Farm, the large complex located in the suburbs of Riyadh.
Casablanca Palace Complex.
For holidays the King has maintained a large palace complex with several residential compounds in Casablanca. It is equipped with two Heliports for security and visits and is surround by large mansions with a vast adjoining 133 acres area of lush vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="19186975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186975" title="2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race">
2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race

The Women's Points Race was one of the 6 women's events at the 2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, held in Copenhagen, Denmark.
20 Cyclists from 20 countries participated in the race. Because of the number of entries, there were no qualification rounds for this discipline. Consequently, the event was run direct to the final.
Final.
The Final and only race was run at 26:25 on September 28. The competition consisted on 100 laps, making a total of 25 km with 10 sprints.
"Elapsed Time"=33:51.700
"Average Speed"=44.297 km/h

</doc>
<doc id="19186995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19186995" title="Adam Messinger">
Adam Messinger

Adam "Messy" Messinger is a Grammy Award winning Canadian songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist currently based in Los Angeles, California. Besides his solo work, he is part of the writing and production duo The Messengers along with Nasri Atweh.
Career.
Born in Toronto, Messinger started playing the piano at age five, and proceeded to develop skills for a variety of instruments, including sax, bass, guitar, and drums/percussion. After being enrolled in the Claude Watson School for the Arts program from grade 4 through to 13, he attended the music program at York University in Toronto, where he was awarded the Oscar Peterson Scholarship for Jazz studies two years consecutively. He received Juno Award nominations in 2001 and 2006 for his work with a cappella group Cadence. He also co-wrote the winning RnB song in the 2002 John Lennon Songwriting Contest. He was won two GMA Canada Covenant Awards in 2005 and 2009 for his work with rap/ rock artist Manafest.
In recent years, his partnership with fellow Canadian singer/songwriter Nasri (now known as "The Messengers") has functioned as a writing and production team for such artists as Justin Bieber, Pitbull, Christina Aguilera, Chris Brown, Michael Bolton, JoJo, Kris Allen, Cody Simpson, Iyaz, Vanessa Hudgens, No Angels, Brandy and the New Kids On The Block. The Messengers work has resulted in two Grammy Award nominations for 2011 Best Pop Vocal Album - Justin Bieber "(My World 2.0)", 2011 Best Contemporary R&B Album - Chris Brown "(Graffiti)", and a win for 2012 Best RnB Album - Chris Brown "(F.A.M.E.)". As well, their collaboration between Justin Bieber and Rascal Flatts "That Should Be Me" won a 2011 CMT Music Award for Best Collaborative Video. 
Messinger has also done work with Grammy award winning songwriters, such as Diane Warren, Babyface, Dan Hill, Jorgen Elofsson, and Andreas Carlsson.

</doc>
<doc id="19187001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187001" title="Lovebug (Jonas Brothers song)">
Lovebug (Jonas Brothers song)

"Lovebug" is the second official single by the American teen pop band the Jonas Brothers that was released from their third studio album, "A Little Bit Longer", on September 30, 2008. LoveBug is featured on the album in Australia.
Music video.
Disney Channel featured the world premiere of the "Lovebug" music video on October 19, 2008 (8:55 p.m., ET/PT). An exclusive look at the making of the video was presented throughout the evening (8:00- 9:00 p.m., ET/PT) during episodes of "Hannah Montana" and "Wizards of Waverly Place".
Directed by Philip Andelman (who has directed music videos for John Mayer and Demi Lovato), is a period piece that depicts the love story between a young woman and a sailor as he is preparing to deploy to war. Kevin Jonas said that "The Notebook" was one of the inspirations for the video.
Kevin, Joe and Nick portray multiple characters, including members of a ballroom band. A sweeping dance number, vintage wardrobe and cars bring the Jonas Brothers’ vision to life. Camilla Belle and Josh Boswell also star.
In popular media.
The Jonas Brothers made a cameo in "" as cherubs. They sang a snippet of the song immediately after singing a cover of Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" from Titanic.
Chart performance.
"Lovebug" peaked at 49 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #37 on the Pop 100. It reached #45 on Canadian Hot 100.
The song was given a digital release in Australia and has peaked at #95..

</doc>
<doc id="19187002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187002" title="Kesh (designer)">
Kesh (designer)

Kesshia "Kesh" Kumari is an English artist based in Los Angeles.
Career.
Kesh was born and raised on the outskirts of London to a Malaysian father and Trinidadian mother. At age 17, she 
moved to London and began to design customized clothing for grime MC’s Jammer (rapper), Dizzee Rascal and members of Roll Deep. Her distinctive artwork lead to subsequent features in i-D Magazine and her role as fashion editor at SuperSuper Magazine. Simultaneously Kesh solidified her footprint in the emerging digital landscape: via the social network MySpace she began selling limited edition t-shirts of her artwork to an interconnected web of 77,000 friends - Kanye West among them.
As her position in the world of fashion and music continuously overlapped, Kesh became a key figure in London’s nu rave scene. In 2006 - 2007 she DJ’ed with Zezi Ifore and together formed The Coconut Twins. The DJ duo performed extensively throughout Europe, eventually parting ways as Kesh homed in on her artwork. After designing a London Fashion Week collection MAN for Topman, she moved to New York City and launched her second collection show at Anonymous Gallery. In 2009, she co-created Hennessy’s first artist-designed label with David Burrows (artist).
Kesh moved to Los Angeles in 2010 and set up her artistic sanctuary, the cave. She then released her first three independent prints: FETRINITE (300/300), VELENE (74/74) and THE EYE 3 COLOURWAYS (50/50), all of which sold out. Following her participation in Poland’s AYS Art Fair and an installation show at the W Hotel Paris, Kesh held her first independent show entitled ME.ME.ME in Los Angeles featuring 14 signed and framed 40x52 self-portraits. The event was broadcast live via the web and viewed by her thousands of followers across the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19187010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187010" title="Vashon High School">
Vashon High School

Vashon High School is a public high school located in St. Louis, Missouri that is part of the St. Louis Public Schools. When it opened in 1927, it was the second high school for black students in St. Louis. Since 1934, the school has won 14 state basketball championships – eight as a member of the Missouri State High School Activities Association and six as a member of the Missouri Negro Interscholastic Athletic Association.
History.
Designed by Rockwell M. Milligan, the school opened on September 6, 1927, and it was named in honor of two African-American educators: George Boyer Vashon, the first black graduate of Oberlin College, and his son, John Boyer Vashon. Located at 3026 Laclede Avenue, construction costs were slightly less than $1.2 million. Vashon was the second high school built for black students in the St. Louis Public Schools, after Sumner High School.
While at the Laclede Avenue location, Vashon's boys basketball program won six state titles as part of the Missouri Negro Interscholastic Athletic Association, in 1935, 1936, 1944, 1947, 1948, and 1949. Vashon was barred from joining the Missouri State High School Activities Association until 1949, and between 1949 and 1954, it was prohibited from participating in both MNIAA tournaments and MSHSAA state tournaments.
In June 1963, the school relocated to the Hadley Vocational-Technical High School building at 3405 Bell Avenue, and the original building became part of Harris–Stowe State University. The Bell Avenue building had been constructed in the early 1930s with large shop classrooms that were subsequently divided into classrooms and offices with partition walls, causing noise problems throughout the school. Its architectural design also strongly resembled a factory, and according to a local newspaper report, "the main school building, gym and auditorium make one think the people inside might be manufacturing cars or widgets." The move was accompanied by protests in the local community and a student march against the transfer. 
After the transfer, Vashon students were offered more vocational classes, including auto repair, fashion design, cosmetology, dry cleaning, woodworking, shoe repair, drafting, and commercial cooking. From 1974 to 2006, Vashon's boys basketball team was coached by Floyd Irons, a Vashon alumnus, who would become one of the winningest basketball coaches in Missouri history. Irons went on to coach the team through four state championships in the 1980s.
In 1990, the Board of Education considered several options to deal with both noise problems and facilities issues at Vashon; among the options were closure of Vashon, partial renovation, full renovation, or complete demolition and replacement. Ultimately the Board decided against closure and opted for partial renovation of the building; support from the school's alumni and the school's strong boys basketball program played a role in the decision to keep the school open. In 1994, the Vashon boys basketball team won another state championship under Irons.
In August 2002, Vashon moved again, to a new building at 3035 Cass Avenue designed by Kennedy and Associates and built at a cost of $47.3 million. The boys basketball team also saw a series of state championship victories in the 2000s, including wins in 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, and 2006. In 2005, the school's boys basketball program was ranked as the top program in the United States by USA Today.
In 2006, the "Riverfront Times", a local newspaper, published an investigative report that detailed extensive allegations of misconduct by Floyd Irons as coach at Vashon. The allegations eventually led the Missouri State High School Activities Association (MSHSAA) to strip Vashon of its 2001, 2002, and 2006 titles due to violations of MSHSAA rules on recruiting and eligibility. In July 2006, Irons was dismissed as coach and administrator at Vashon, and he was replaced as head coach by Anthony Bonner, a retired NBA player and Vashon alumnus. Bonner himself resigned in 2009.
Current status.
Activities.
For the 2011–2012 school year, the school offered 18 activities approved by the Missouri State High School Activities Association (MSHSAA): baseball, boys and girls basketball, cheerleading, boys and girls cross country, football, music activities, boys and girls soccer, softball, speech and debate, boys and girls tennis, boys and girls track and field, girls volleyball, and wrestling. In addition to its current activities, its students have won several state championships:
The school also has produced one individual wrestling state champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19187014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187014" title="Syrian Pearl Airlines">
Syrian Pearl Airlines

Syrian Pearl, Inc., operating as Syrian Pearl Airlines (), is a private airline based in Syria. Syrian Pearl is a joint venture between the state-run Syrian Arab Airlines, Cham Holding, Kuwaiti Aqeela, Aqeeq Aviation Holdings and the Dashti Group.
Destinations.
Syrian Pearl Airlines operates the following services (as of December 2012):
Fleet.
The Syrian Pearl Airlines fleet includes the following aircraft (as of 4 July 2009):

</doc>
<doc id="19187026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187026" title="V352 Aurigae">
V352 Aurigae

V352 Aurigae is a variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19187081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187081" title="Jeff Schaffer">
Jeff Schaffer

Jeff Schaffer is an American film and television director, writer, and producer.
Television.
Schaffer wrote several episodes of the sitcom "Seinfeld". He also served as executive producer during its ninth season. He has also held various other positions on the show such as program consultant, supervising producer and executive story editor.
Schaffer directed several episodes of "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and also served as executive producer for several episodes. Notably, Schaffer directed the finale episode of the seventh season, titled "Seinfeld", which featured a reunion of the original cast of "Seinfeld".
"The League" is a sitcom which was created by Schaffer and his wife Jackie Schaffer. It is written and directed by Schaffer.
Film.
Schaffer wrote and directed "EuroTrip", a 2004 teen comedy, and participated in the screenplay for the 2003 adaptation of the Dr. Seuss book "The Cat in the Hat".

</doc>
<doc id="19187091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187091" title="Wim Hofkens">
Wim Hofkens

Wim Hofkens (born 27 March 1958) is a former Dutch football player who played five games for the Dutch national side.
Hofkens is one of only six Dutch football players to be selected for the Dutch national team while never having played in the Dutch Eredivisie. The others capped players are Jordi Cruyff, Jerrel Hasselbaink, Tim Krul, Willi Lippens and Rob Reekers.

</doc>
<doc id="19187098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187098" title="2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's 500 m time trial">
2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's 500 m time trial

The Women's 500m Time Trial was one of the 6 women's events at the 2002 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, held in Copenhagen, Denmark.
18 Cyclists from 14 countries were due to participate in the race. The Final was held on September 26.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19187107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187107" title="Mimene toxopei">
Mimene toxopei

Mimene toxopei is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Papua on New Guinea.
The length of the forewings is 16–17 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19187108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187108" title="Termibus">
Termibus

Termibus is the main bus station of Bilbao (Basque Country, Spain) and it is located beside San Mamés Stadium. The bus terminal is linked to the "San Mamés" underground, tram and commuter rail station. 
Termibus is the starting point of the BizkaiBus A3247 bus line to the Bilbao Airport.
The station was built in the mid-1990s as a provisional one in the former site of a football field, in response to the high traffic congestion caused by construction works and to concentrate in one point the many private bus stations scattered throughout the city. As years passed, the number of passengers and bus companies grew, and the location of Termibus proved to be a very strategic one, so the station was greatly improved.
However, the initial plan was always to build the bus terminal in the Bilbao-Abando station, the main railway station of the city. Once this new station is complete, Termibus will be moved to its location.
Services.
The local bus services are provided by BizkaiBus and Bilbobus. There are national and international lines, to places like San Sebastián, Vitoria-Gasteiz, Pampelune, Santander, Oviedo, Madrid, Barcelona, Vigo, Paris or Brussels

</doc>
<doc id="19187131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187131" title="Cynicism (philosophy)">
Cynicism (philosophy)

Cynicism () is a school of ancient Greek philosophy as practiced by the Cynics (, ). For the Cynics, the purpose of life was to live in virtue, in agreement with nature. As reasoning creatures, people could gain happiness by rigorous training and by living in a way which was natural for humans, rejecting all conventional desires for wealth, power, sex, and fame. Instead, they were to lead a simple life free from all possessions.
The first philosopher to outline these themes was Antisthenes, who had been a pupil of Socrates in the late 5th century BC. He was followed by Diogenes of Sinope, who lived in a tub on the streets of Athens. Diogenes took Cynicism to its logical extremes, and came to be seen as the archetypal Cynic philosopher. He was followed by Crates of Thebes who gave away a large fortune so he could live a life of Cynic poverty in Athens. Cynicism spread with the rise of Imperial Rome in the 1st century, and Cynics could be found begging and preaching throughout the cities of the Empire. It finally disappeared in the late 5th century, although some have claimed that early Christianity adopted many of its ascetic and rhetorical ideas.
By the 19th century, emphasis on the negative aspects of Cynic philosophy led to the modern understanding of cynicism to mean a disposition of disbelief in the sincerity or goodness of human motives and actions.
Origin of the Cynic name.
The name Cynic derives (genitive: "kynos"). One explanation offered in ancient times for why the Cynics were called "dogs" was because the first Cynic, Antisthenes, taught in the Cynosarges gymnasium at Athens. The word "Cynosarges" means the place of the "white dog". It seems certain, however, that the word "dog" was also thrown at the first Cynics as an insult for their shameless rejection of conventional manners, and their decision to live on the streets. Diogenes, in particular, was referred to as "the Dog", a distinction he seems to have revelled in, stating that "other dogs bite their enemies, I bite my friends to save them." Later Cynics also sought to turn the word to their advantage, as a later commentator explained:
There are four reasons why the "Cynics" are so named. First because of the "indifference" of their way of life, for they make a cult of indifference and, like dogs, eat and make love in public, go barefoot, and sleep in tubs and at crossroads. The second reason is that the dog is a shameless animal, and they make a cult of shamelessness, not as being beneath modesty, but as superior to it. The third reason is
that the dog is a good guard, and they guard the tenets of their philosophy. The fourth reason is that the dog is a discriminating animal which can distinguish between its friends and enemies. So do they recognize as friends those who are suited to philosophy, and receive them kindly, while those unfitted they drive away, like dogs, by barking at them.
Philosophy.
Cynicism is one of the most striking of all the Hellenistic philosophies. It offered people the possibility of happiness and freedom from suffering in an age of uncertainty. Although there was never an official Cynic doctrine, the fundamental principles of Cynicism can be summarised as follows:
Thus a Cynic has no property and rejects all conventional values of money, fame, power or reputation. A life lived according to nature requires only the bare necessities required for existence, and one can become free by unshackling oneself from any needs which are the result of convention. The Cynics adopted Hercules as their hero, as epitomizing the ideal Cynic. Hercules "was he who brought Cerberus, the hound of Hades, from the underworld, a point of special appeal to the dog-man, Diogenes."
According to Lucian, "Cerberus and Cynic are surely related through the dog."
The Cynic way of life required continuous training, not just in exercising one's judgments and mental impressions, but a physical training as well:
None of this meant that the Cynic would retreat from society. Cynics would in fact live in the full glare of the public's gaze and would be quite indifferent in the face of any insults which might result from their unconventional behaviour. The Cynics are said to have invented the idea of cosmopolitanism: when he was asked where he came from, Diogenes replied that he was "a citizen of the world, ("kosmopolitês")."
The ideal Cynic would evangelise; as the watchdog of humanity, it was their job to hound people about the error of their ways. The example of the Cynic's life (and the use of the Cynic's biting satire) would dig-up and expose the pretensions which lay at the root of everyday conventions.
Although Cynicism concentrated solely on ethics, Cynic philosophy had a big impact on the Hellenistic world, ultimately becoming an important influence for Stoicism. The Stoic Apollodorus writing in the 2nd century BC stated that "Cynicism is the short path to virtue."
History of Cynicism.
The classical Greek and Roman Cynics regarded virtue as the only necessity for happiness, and saw virtue as entirely sufficient for attaining happiness. Classical Cynics followed this philosophy to the extent of neglecting everything not furthering their perfection of virtue and attainment of happiness, thus, the title "Cynics", derived from the Greek word "κύων" (meaning "dog") because they allegedly neglected society, hygiene, family, money, etc., in a manner reminiscent of dogs. They sought to free themselves from conventions; become self-sufficient; and live only in accordance with nature. They rejected any conventional notions of happiness involving money, power, or fame, to lead entirely virtuous, and thus happy, lives.
The ancient Cynics rejected conventional social values, and would criticise the types of behaviours, such as greed, which they viewed as causing suffering. Emphasis on this aspect of their teachings led, in the late 18th and early 19th century, to the modern understanding of cynicism as "an attitude of scornful or jaded negativity, especially a general distrust of the integrity or professed motives of others." This modern definition of cynicism is in marked contrast to the ancient philosophy, which emphasized "virtue and moral freedom in liberation from desire."
Influences.
Various philosophers, such as the Pythagoreans, had advocated simple living in the centuries preceding the Cynics. In the early 6th century BC, Anacharsis, a Scythian sage had combined plain living together with criticisms of Greek customs in a manner which would become standard among the Cynics. Perhaps of importance were tales of Indian philosophers, known to later Greeks as the Gymnosophists, who had adopted a strict asceticism together with a disrespect for established laws and customs. By the 5th century BC, the Sophists had begun a process of questioning many aspects of Greek society such as religion, law and ethics. However, the most immediate influence for the Cynic school was Socrates. Although he was not an ascetic, he did profess a love of Virtue and an indifference to wealth, together with a disdain for general opinion. These aspects of Socrates' thought, which formed only a minor part of Plato's philosophy, became the central inspiration for another of Socrates' pupils, Antisthenes.
Antisthenes.
The story of Cynicism traditionally begins with Antisthenes (c. 445–365 BC),
I have enough to eat till my hunger is stayed, to drink till my thirst is sated; to clothe myself as well; and out of doors not Callias there, with all his riches, is more safe than I from shivering; and when I find myself indoors, what warmer shirting do I need than my bare walls?
Diogenes of Sinope.
Diogenes of Sinope (c. 412–323 BC) dominates the story of Cynicism like no other figure. He originally went to Athens, fleeing his home city, after he and his father, who was in charge of the mint at Sinope, got into trouble for falsifying the coinage. (The phrase "defacing the currency" later became proverbial in describing Diogenes' rejection of conventional values.) Later tradition claimed that Diogenes became the disciple of Antisthenes, but it is by no means certain that they ever met. What is true is that Diogenes adopted Antisthenes' teachings and embraced the ascetic way of life, pursuing a lifestyle of self-sufficiency ("autarkeia"), austerity ("askēsis"), and shamelessness ("anaidei"a). There are countless anecdotes about his extravagant asceticism (sleeping in a tub), shameless behaviour (eating raw meat), and his biting satire ("bad people obey their lusts as servants obey their masters"), and although it is impossible to tell which of these stories are genuine, they do illustrate the broad character of the man, including an ethical seriousness.
Crates of Thebes.
Crates of Thebes (c. 365–c. 285 BC) is the third figure who dominates Cynic history. He is notable because he renounced a large fortune to live a life of Cynic poverty in Athens. He is said to have been a pupil of Diogenes, but again this is uncertain. Crates married Hipparchia of Maroneia after she had fallen in love with him and together they lived like beggars on the streets of Athens, where Crates was treated with respect. Crates' later fame (apart from his unconventional lifestyle) lies in the fact that he became the teacher of Zeno of Citium, the founder of Stoicism. The Cynic strain to be found in early Stoicism (such as Zeno's own radical views on sexual equality spelled out in his "Republic") can be ascribed to Crates' influence.
Other Cynics.
There were many other Cynics in the 4th and 3rd centuries BC, including Onesicritus (who sailed with Alexander the Great to India), and the moral satirists Bion of Borysthenes and Menippus of Gadara. However, with the rise of Stoicism in the 3rd century BC, Cynicism as a serious philosophical activity underwent a decline,
Cynicism in the Roman World.
There is little record of Cynicism in the 2nd or 1st centuries BC; Cicero (c. 50 BC), who was much interested in Greek philosophy, had little to say about Cynicism, except that "it is to be shunned; for it is opposed to modesty, without which there can be neither right nor honor." However, by the 1st century AD, Cynicism reappeared with full force. The rise of Imperial Rome, like the Greek loss of independence under Philip and Alexander three centuries earlier, may have led to a sense of powerlessness and frustration among many people, which allowed a philosophy which emphasized self-sufficiency and inner-happiness to flourish once again. Cynics could be found throughout the empire, standing on street corners, preaching about Virtue. Lucian complained that "every city is filled with such upstarts, particularly with those who enter the names of Diogenes, Antisthenes, and Crates as their patrons and enlist in the Army of the Dog," and Aelius Aristides observed that "they frequent the doorways, talking more to the doorkeepers than to the masters, making up for their lowly condition by using impudence." The most notable representative of Cynicism in the 1st century AD was Demetrius, whom Seneca praised as "a man of consummate wisdom, though he himself denied it, constant to the principles which he professed, of an eloquence worthy to deal with the mightiest subjects." Cynicism in Rome was both the butt of the satirist and the ideal of the thinker. In the 2nd century AD, Lucian, whilst pouring scorn on the Cynic philosopher Peregrinus Proteus, nevertheless praised his own Cynic teacher, Demonax, in a dialogue.
Cynicism came to be seen as an idealised form of Stoicism, a view which led Epictetus to eulogise the ideal Cynic in a lengthy discourse. According to Epictetus, the ideal Cynic "must know that he is sent as a messenger from Zeus to people concerning good and bad things, to show them that they have wandered." Unfortunately for Epictetus, many Cynics of the era did not live up to the ideal: "consider the present Cynics who are dogs that wait at tables, and in no respect imitate the Cynics of old except perchance in breaking wind."
Unlike Stoicism, which declined as an independent philosophy after the 2nd century AD, Cynicism seems to have thrived into the 4th century. The Emperor Julian (ruled 361–363), like Epictetus, praised the ideal Cynic and complained about the actual practitioners of Cynicism.
The final Cynic noted in classical history is Sallustius of Emesa in the late 5th century. A student of the Neoplatonic philosopher Isidore of Alexandria, he devoted himself to living a life of Cynic asceticism.
Cynicism and Christianity.
Jesus as a Jewish Cynic.
Some historians have noted the similarities between the life and teachings of Jesus and those of the Cynics. Some scholars have argued that the Q document, a hypothetical common source for the gospels of Matthew and Luke, has strong similarities with the teachings of the Cynics. Scholars on the quest for the historical Jesus, such as Burton L. Mack and John Dominic Crossan of the Jesus Seminar, have argued that 1st century AD Galilee was a world in which Hellenistic ideas collided with Jewish thought and traditions. The city of Gadara, only a day's walk from Nazareth, was particularly notable as a centre of Cynic philosophy, and Mack has described Jesus as a "rather normal Cynic-type figure." For Crossan, Jesus was more like a Cynic sage from an Hellenistic Jewish tradition than either a Christ who would die as a substitute for sinners or a Messiah who wanted to establish an independent Jewish state of Israel. Other scholars doubt that Jesus was deeply influenced by the Cynics, and see the Jewish prophetic tradition as of much greater importance.
Cynic influences on early Christianity.
Many of the ascetic practices of Cynicism may have been adopted by early Christians, and Christians often employed the same rhetorical methods as the Cynics. Some Cynics were actually martyred for speaking out against the authorities. One Cynic, Peregrinus Proteus, lived for a time as a Christian before converting to Cynicism, whereas in the 4th century, Maximus of Alexandria, although a Christian, was also called a Cynic because of his ascetic lifestyle. Christian writers would often praise Cynic poverty, although they scorned Cynic shamelessness: Augustine stating that they had, "in violation of the modest instincts of men, boastfully proclaimed their unclean and shameless opinion, worthy indeed of dogs." The ascetic orders of Christianity also had direct connection with the Cynics, as can be seen in the wandering mendicant monks of the early church who in outward appearance, and in many of their practices were little different from the Cynics of an earlier age.

</doc>
<doc id="19187135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187135" title="Philip F. Johndrow">
Philip F. Johndrow

Command Sergeant Major Philip F. Johndrow, United States Army is the Command Sergeant Major, U.S. Army Combined Arms Center and Command and General Staff College. He assumed responsibility on 15 May 2008. As Command Sergeant Major of Combined Arms Center, Johndrow oversees all enlisted matters within the scope of the United States Army Combined Arms Center, Command and General Staff College and the schools and centers of U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command.
Army career.
Education and academia.
His military education includes the Recruiters Course, Station Commanders Course (Honor Graduate and Iron Person Award), Battle Staff Course, Master Fitness Course (Honor Graduate), First Sergeants Course (Exceeded Course Standards), United States Army Sergeants Major Academy Class #51 (History Award and the John O. Marsh Award), and the Command Sergeants Major Course along with the Keystone Course
CSM Johndrow earned an associate's degree from Central Texas College, where he graduated with a 4.0 GPA. He also earned both a Bachelor of Arts degree in business administration and a Master of Business Administration degree from Trident University International with "summa cum laude" honors. He has two children and four grandchildren.
Military operations.
Command Sergeant Major Philip F. Johndrow was born in Oceanside,New York, and enlisted in the Army in February, 1979. He attended Basic and Advanced Individual Training as an Armor Crewman at Fort Knox, Kentucky. Johndrow was instrumental in testing the first M1 Abrams tank during its development stages.
CSM Johndrow has served in every enlisted leadership position in the Armor Branch in his 32 years of service, including Tank Commander, Platoon Sergeant, Operations Sergeant Major, First Sergeant, and Command Sergeant Major.
Previous duty assignments include 3rd Battalion, 8th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division at Fort Hood, Texas; United States Armor Center at Fort Knox, Kentucky; 2nd Battalion, 72nd Tank Regiment, 2nd Infantry Division at Camp Casey, Republic of Korea; 3rd Squadron, 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment at Fort Polk, Louisiana; 3rd Brigade, 1st Armored Division at Fort Riley, Kansas; and 1st Cavalry Division at Fort Hood, Texas. CSM Johndrow also served as a Tank Commander in Delta Company 4-8 Cavalry, 2 Brigade, 3rd Armored Division when the won the prestigious Canadian Army Trophy in 1987, this was the first and last time an American Team had ever won this trophy.
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Prior to coming to the Combined Arms Center, CSM Johndrow served as the
1st Cavalry Division Command Sergeant Major and was deployed to Iraq as the CSM for Multi-National Division Baghdad. He also served in Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) I&II with the 1st Armored Division, and in OIF III with the 3rd Infantry Division.
Decorations and badges.
He has earned many awards and distinctions throughout his career. These include the Bronze Star with “V” device and one oak leaf cluster, Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters, Army Commendation Medal with “V” device and six oak leaf clusters, Recruiters Badge with three sapphires, Combat Action Badge, and German Marksmanship Badge. He is also the recipient of the Order of Saint George.

</doc>
<doc id="19187138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187138" title="Anthony Freda">
Anthony Freda

Anthony Freda is a freelance illustrator whose work has been published in Time, "The New Yorker", "Rolling Stone", The New York Times, Esquire, and Business Week. Freda's paintings have hung in galleries such as the Society of Illustrators and The Puck Building in New York City at Gen Art's Summer Art Festival in 2002. Freda was trained at Pratt Institute and Tyler Art School in Rome, Italy. His works often include an element of social commentary.
Freda's paintings are an amalgamation of vintage found-objects, such as scraps taken from antique rulers, aging books, bits of metal, old barn wood, and forgotten souvenirs combined with detailed drawings and paintings that may be a mix of handwork with some computer manipulation.
Freda is an award-winning painter and illustrator producing contemporary works of commercial art. His work regularly appears in "Communication Arts", "American Illustration", and most recently in a book titled, "The 200 Best Illustrators Worldwide," published by Luerzer's Archive.
Freda's work was also shown prominently throughout a book published in 2008 by well-known animal rights activist Karen Dawn, whose column "Dawnwatch" goes out to fans across the country each week. The book, titled "Thanking the Monkey: Rethinking the Way We Treat Animals," was published by Harper Collins.
Other recent appearances of Freda's work were in national ad campaigns by Converse, Mini Cooper, and Rockport Shoe Company. Freda served as a judge for The Society of Illustrator's annual competition held in New York City in 2006, and his work has also appeared in several volumes of the society's annual publication highlighting the best of American illustration.

</doc>
<doc id="19187142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187142" title="NineSigma">
NineSigma

NineSigma is an open innovation services provider that connects organizations with external innovation resources to accelerate innovation in private, public and social sectors.
History.
Dr. Mehran Mehregany, Goodrich Professor of Engineering Innovation, Case Western Reserve University, founded NineSigma in 2000 on the premise that industry needed an effective means for broadcasting corporate needs to potential solution providers to stay ahead of the technology curve, similar to the methods employed by the U.S. Government research group, DARPA.
Company.
NineSigma global headquarters are in Cleveland, Ohio, with additional offices in Leuven, Belgium, Tokyo, Japan., Melbourne, Australia and Seoul, Korea.
Competitors.
Competitors offering similar services include IdeaConnection, Innocentive, Inpama.com, IXL Center, MillionBrains, Nottingham Spirk, Presans, Yet2.com and YourEncore.

</doc>
<doc id="19187144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187144" title="Parnara guttata">
Parnara guttata

The Common Straight Swift "(Parnara guttata)" is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in the Indomalaya ecozone, Eastern China and Japan. Its wingspan is about 40 mm. 
Common Straight Swift larvae feed on various grasses, including rice.

</doc>
<doc id="19187149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187149" title="Jean-Baptiste Macquet">
Jean-Baptiste Macquet

Jean-Baptiste Macquet (born July 2, 1983 in Dieppe, France) is a French rower. He competed for France at the 2013 World Rowing Championships in the Men's Eight, finishing in 6th place.

</doc>
<doc id="19187172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187172" title="OSAMI">
OSAMI

The European ITEA "2" research project OSAMI (Open Source AMbient Intelligence) targets open source common foundations for a dynamic service-oriented platform which is able to personalize itself in large diversity of cooperating Software Intensive Systems (SIS).
According to the vision of this project the relationship between humans, computers and electronic devices has evolved rapidly, defining technology eras with shifts in the related information technology (IT) business leadership. From the one-to-many relationship – computer versus human users – in the enterprise during the mainframe era in the 1960s, computers moved to the family environment with the personal computer (PC) in the 1980s. With the mobile phone, they established a personal one-to-one relationship ten years later.
The emergence of Ambient Intelligence is consequence of moving to a one-to-many relationship with phone complements, WiFi routers, gaming consoles, MP3 players, set-top boxes (STBs), TVs and infrastructures with impressive computing and storage capabilities. This environment is an enabler for a new concept of global and transversal platform that will exploit the real potential of the network affecting all business areas.
In this convergence process, the Ambient Intelligence can be defined as an automated service provider embedding the devices. The Ambient Intelligence platform will be able to personalise itself dynamically in devices according to the context (i.e. physical containers, user needs and environment). The consortium shares the vision of this platform emerging from a community process. The software infrastructure is progressively embedding users in a virtual world. In the long term, everyone will contribute as individual and community playing service-provider and consumer roles. This interaction will lead the evolution of the platform.
The global ITEA OSAMI project consists of a number of networked national sub-projects focussing on different areas from common technology foundations.

</doc>
<doc id="19187178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187178" title="Loverboy (Billy Ocean song)">
Loverboy (Billy Ocean song)

"Loverboy" was Billy Ocean's second single from his 1984 album, "Suddenly". It was produced by Keith Diamond and reached a chart high of number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, and number 15 on the UK Singles Chart in February 1985. It also reached the top spot of the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in the U.S., in an extended version. The track was released on the Jive label under the catalogue reference, JIVE 800.
The song gained a reputation in the first episode of the 1986 soap opera "Casualty" when nurse Charlie Fairhead drives into Holby A&E in 1986.
The song also featured in the sitcom Dear John where the character Kirk St Moritz played by Peter Blake can be seen dancing to the song in a highly amusing fashion.
Music video.
The music video was shot at Durdle Door and features a rider on horseback riding up the coast to bar in a cave reminiscent of the cantina scene in Star Wars interspersed with scenes of Billy popping out of what seems to be the phantom zone from Superman II to sing the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19187185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187185" title="Adrien Hardy">
Adrien Hardy

Adrien Hardy (born July 30, 1978 in Nîmes, France) is a French rower and Olympic gold medallist.

</doc>
<doc id="19187187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187187" title="Nicolas de Angelis">
Nicolas de Angelis

Nicolas de Angelis (born 1949) is a French guitarist.
Early years.
Born in Saint-Cloud, a west Parisian suburb along the shores of the Seine River, de Angelis studied guitar at the Paris Academy from the age of ten.
De Angelis started the guitar with a teacher from the Paris Academy who first inspired his great love of the instrument.
At sixteen he belonged to a small group of very talented French musicians, among them Michel Berger. 
From the age of eighteen, he lent his talent to many pop starts such as Julien Clerc, Sylvie Vartan and Fabienne Thibault, and soon became one of the most requested session musicians.
Song for Anna.
In 1981 he recorded his first solo LP, "Quelques Notes Pour Anna". This album achieved Gold record sales within a few weeks,and paved the way for his further successes.

</doc>
<doc id="19187200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187200" title="La Classe américaine">
La Classe américaine

La Classe américaine ("American Class"), also known as Le Grand Détournement ("The Great Détournement"), is a 1993 French television film, written and directed by Michel Hazanavicius and Dominique Mézerette. It consists exclusively of extracts of old Warner Bros. films, put together and dubbed with new lines so as to create an entirely new film.
Plot.
The film begins with the following lines appearing on screen, complete with deliberate spelling mistakes: "Attention! Ce flim n'est pas un flim sur le cyclimse. Merci de votre compréhension." ("Attention! This flim is not a flim about cyclign. Thank you for your understanding.")
The story begins with the death of George Abitbol (John Wayne), described as the classiest man in the world, somewhere near the fictitious atoll of Pom Pom Galli in the South Pacific. Reporters Dave (Paul Newman), Peter (Dustin Hoffman) and Steven (Robert Redford) investigate his death by going to meet people who knew him during his life in Texas. They mostly investigate his last words: this movie is a parody of "Citizen Kane". Pom Pom Galli was taken from the Wayne movie "The Sea Chase".
Production.
Warner Bros. had given the French film and television studio Canal+ Group the rights to use extracts of Warner Bros. films. Hazanavicius and Mézerette set about producing an entire film from cut-and-paste existing footage, and hired the usual French dubbers of John Wayne (Raymond Loyer) and Kirk Douglas (Roger Rudel) to dub them here too. "La Classe américaine", which lasts seventy-two minutes, incorporates scenes cut from about fifty films, including "All the President's Men", "Band of Angels", "Blood Alley", "Bullitt", "The Candidate", "Chisum", "The Cowboys", "The Crimson Pirate", and "When Time Ran Out".

</doc>
<doc id="19187213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187213" title="Socialist Party of Iran">
Socialist Party of Iran

The Socialist Party of Iran is a political party in Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19187221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187221" title="Sabera metallica">
Sabera metallica

Sabera metallica is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Papua on New Guinea.
The length of the forewings is ca. 15,5 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19187224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187224" title="I Love You (2007 Bengali film)">
I Love You (2007 Bengali film)

I Love You is a 2007 Bengali romance film by Ravi Kinagi. This movie has a similar plot to "Maine Pyar Kiya" (1989), directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya. The movie was actually inspired by the 2005 Telugu film, "Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana".
Plot.
The film is a love story between a rich boy and a poor girl. Although they have been friends for years, Indra and Shantanu have grown apart and have little in common. The widowed Indra is a poor engineer who lives in a humble house in the country. Shantanu is a rich man with a vast business empire, with little time for old friends. However, when Indra prepares to work abroad, he turns to Shantanu to solve a problem. Will Shantanu let Indra's sister Puja (Payel Sarkar) stay at his house? Shantanu cannot turn down his old friend's request, and Puja comes to live with Shantanu's family. At first country girl Puja is ill at ease in the huge mansion. She is befriended by Shantanu's son Rahul (Dev), who assures her that he has no romantic interest in her and that a boy and a girl can be platonic friends. The pair share outings and confidences, and all seems to be going well. Then Rahul takes Puja to a party put on by some of his rich friends. They humiliate Puja and accuse her of scheming to marry Rahul. Puja leaves in tears and distances herself from Rahul. At that point, Rahul suddenly realizes that he has fallen in love with her. With aid of his mother (who likes the unassuming Puja) and his comic friend Manohar, Rahul sets out to win Puja's heart.
He succeeds, but their romance is balked by Rahul's father Shantanu, who does not want his son to marry a poor nobody. He prepares to send Puja home in disgrace. At this unpropitious moment, Indra returns from overseas. Shantanu accuses him of plotting to match Rahul and Puja. Indra and Shantanu quarrel; Indra and Puja then return to their village.
Rahul refuses to accept the separation. He defies his father and is disinherited. He goes to Puja's village and begs to be allowed to marry her. Indra, angered by Shantanu's accusations, says that he will allow the marriage on one condition: Rahul must prove that he can support a wife by his own efforts.
Production.
The film was written, edited, and directed by Ravi Kinagi, and was a Shree Venkatesh Films production. The music was composed by Jeet Ganguly, and sung by Shreya Ghoshal and Shaan, with choreography by Naidu.
Critical reception.
The film got mixed reviews but was financially successful.

</doc>
<doc id="19187226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187226" title="Smart Wearable Systems">
Smart Wearable Systems

Smart Wearable Systems (SWS) are end-to-end integrated and connected systems characterized by the presence of the following key elements: 
Sensor nodes can monitor a.o. body location, motion & posture, body vital signs and local context. Actuator nodes can influence properties of the worn items, e.g. in order to protect the wearer from risks, or provide wearer with feedback/recommendations.
The concept of SWS can be seen as an extension and integration of the wearable electronics (wearable computers) and intelligent textiles concepts (e-textiles) from isolated to fully (web) connected systems thus enabling provision of a new category of products, services and solutions.
Examples of SWS application categories can be active safety, risks prevention, coaching, performance improvements, entertainment. For instance e.g. supervised continuous remote monitoring/co-ordination of workers exposed to specific risks, soldiers on the field, people with chronic cardiac diseases or e.g. fitness coach systems where assessment of fitness level as well feedback and improvement recommendations based on deviations from training plans are provided during or after the activity.
SWS applications are emerging a.o. in the sport, entertainment, healthcare, military domains.
The term Smart Wearable Systems has been referenced a.o. by the following authors (sorted, most recent first):

</doc>
<doc id="19187233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187233" title="Banta linnei">
Banta linnei

Banta linnei is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Papua on New Guinea.
The length of the forewings is ca. 18,5 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19187240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187240" title="Voldemārs Žins">
Voldemārs Žins

Voldemārs Žins (born 1905, date of death unknown) was a Latvian footballer who played for Olimpija Liepāja and Latvia national football team.
Club career.
Žins began playing football with LNJS Liepāja in the early 1920s but he be became really popular in Liepāja after he moved to Olimpija Liepāja in 1925. Olimpija was rapidly becoming one of the best football clubs in Latvia then with footballers like Rūdolfs Kronlaks, Ludvigs Dudaņecs, Kārlis Tīls and other future national team players in their top form. In 1925, Žins scored two goals as Olimpija devastated Cēsu SB 7-0 in the final match for the title of best provincial football club in Latvia.
Playing with Olimpija, Žins won the Latvian Higher League five times and became a three-time winner of the Riga Football Cup (the predecessor to the Latvian Cup).
After winning his fifth title with Olimpija in 1936 Žins retired from top level football together with team veteran Rūdolfs Kronlaks.
Although Žins was never the leading goalscorer for Olimpija (in his later years he usually scored around five goals in a season) he was always an integral part of the Olimpija attack.
Žins came out of retirement in 1941 when he played with the Tosmare football club.
International career.
In 1927, Žins played for the first time for the Latvia national football team and in his very first match for it his scored three goals becoming the first Latvian footballer to have scored a hattrick in an international match.
In total between 1927 and 1932 Žins scored five goals in ten matches for Latvia and his goal tally was best among the Olimpija footballers in the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19187245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187245" title="Pontefract Priory">
Pontefract Priory

Pontefract Priory was a Cluniac monastery dedicated to St. John the Evangelist, founded about 1090 by Robert de Lacy, and located in Yorkshire, England. It existed until the dissolution of the monasteries. The Church and buildings have been completely destroyed, but the site is still indicated by the name of Monk-hill.
History.
It was a dependency of the Abbey of la Charité-sur-Loire, which supplied the first monks. Two charters of the founder are given in William Dugdale. In a charter of Henry de Lacy, son of Robert, the church is spoken of as dedicated to St. Mary and St. John. These donations were finally confirmed to the monastery by a Bull of Pope Celestine (whether II or III is uncertain), which also conferred certain ecclesiastical privileges on the priory.
In the Visitation Records it had 16 monks in 1262, and 27 in 1279. At the latter date a prior of exceptional ability was in charge of the house, and he is commended for his zeal during the twelve years of his rule, which had resulted in a reduction of the monastery's debts from 3200 marks to 350. A later, undated, visitation return gives the average number of monks at 20. Duckett prints a letter from Stephen, Prior of Pontefract in 1323, to Pierre, Abbot of Cluny, explaining that he had been prevented from making a visitation of the English Cluniac houses, owing to the presence of the king and court at Pontefract, which prevented his leaving home. In the previous year (1322) Thomas, Earl of Lancaster had been beheaded at Pontefract, and his body buried in the priory church "on the right hand of the high altar". Rumour declared that miracles had been wrought at the tomb. This attempt to regard the earl as a martyr aroused the anger of Edward II of England, who impounded the offerings (Rymer, Foedera, II, ii, 726). However, not long after, a chantry dedicated to St. Thomas was built on the site of the execution and, in 1343, license was given to the prior and Convent of Pontefract "to allow Masses and other Divine Services" to be celebrated there.
Dissolution.
In the valor ecclesiasticus of 26 Henry VIII, the yearly revenue of the priory is entered as £472 16s. 10½d. gross, and £337 14s. 8½d. clear value. The last prior, James Thwayts, with seven brethren and one novice surrendered the monastery to the king, Henry VIII of England, 23 November 1540, the prior being assigned a pension of fifty pounds per annum.

</doc>
<doc id="19187267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187267" title="Dylife Gorge">
Dylife Gorge

The Dylife Gorge, located near Dylife, Powys, Mid Wales, was carved by the action (and aftermath) of the last Ice age. It is headed by the Ffrwd Fawr Waterfall.
Before the last Ice age, the River Twymyn did not flow through the valley. When the valley was filled by a glacier, the ice ground out a U-shaped glaciated valley. When the glacier that filled the valley melted the Twymyn started to run down the wide channel left behind and the fast flowing river further eroded the valley, cutting the V-shaped gorge as seen today.
The long-distance footpath Glyndŵr's Way (Welsh: Llwybr Glyndŵr) passes nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19187284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187284" title="Touched (Nadja album)">
Touched (Nadja album)

Touched is the debut full-length album by drone doom band Nadja, it was first released in May 2003 by Deserted Factory Records. This album was made when Nadja was still a solo effort of Aidan Baker's, prior to when Leah Buckareff joined Nadja in 2005.
The album was re-issued by Alien8 recordings on March 13, 2007, with extended songs (except in the case of 'Stays Demons'), and remastered with an untitled bonus track at the end of "Flowers of Flesh". The digital edition released via Bandcamp, however, considers the untitled track as part of 'Flowers of Flesh'.

</doc>
<doc id="19187292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187292" title="Spialia sertorius">
Spialia sertorius

The Red-underwing Skipper ("Spialia sertorius") is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in southern and central Europe and North Africa. This is a species of mountainous regions, being found in Europe at altitudes of up to 1400 m.
The wingspan is 22–26 mm. The butterfly flies from April to August depending on the location. There are usually two generations per year, adults of the second generation being smaller than those of the first.
This is a variable species but can usually be distinguished from similar species such as "Spialia orbifer" by the dark reddish-brown colour of the underside of the hindwing. The upper side of the wings are dark brown with small white spots.
The larvae feed on "Sanguisorba" (including "Sanguisorba minor"), "Rubus" (including "Rubus idaeus") and "Potentilla" (including "Potentilla verna").

</doc>
<doc id="19187313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187313" title="Carcharodus alceae">
Carcharodus alceae

The Mallow Skipper "(Carcharodus alceae)" is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Southern and Central Europe, northern Africa, and in Central Asia. The butterfly prefers warm and stony areas to settle on. It gets its nectar from herbaceous plants.
Mallow Skippers lay their eggs on different species of Mallow. The butterfly flies from April to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Malva sylvestris" and "Althaea officinalis".

</doc>
<doc id="19187317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187317" title="Pod banderą miłości">
Pod banderą miłości

Pod banderą miłości ("Under the Flag of Love") is a 1929 Polish romance film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187319" title="Bruno Côté">
Bruno Côté

Bruno Côté (August 10, 1940 – June 30, 2010) was a contemporary Canadian landscape painter.
Biography.
Bruno Côté was born in Quebec City in August 1940. His youth in a family where art held a strong significance encouraged the development of his artistic talents. He joined the family's publicity business in 1957. In 1978 he moved to Baie-Saint-Paul, where he held his first important solo exhibition. In 1980 he began to travel, painting landscapes in many different regions of Canada.
Bruno Côté is represented by art galleries across Canada. Such art galleries have been for example, in the Chateau Laurier hotel of Ottawa Canada. In 2008 the Canadian Parliament gave Côté's painting, The Portage Trail to the Parliament of Scotland to mark the opening of the Scottish Parliament Building.
Côté died on June 30, 2010 in Baie-Saint-Paul, after prostate cancer had metastasized.

</doc>
<doc id="19187334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187334" title="Niebezpieczny romans">
Niebezpieczny romans

Niebezpieczny romans is a 1930 Polish film directed by Michal Waszynski.

</doc>
<doc id="19187357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187357" title="Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia">
Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia

The Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia and his staff provide governors-general with the necessary support to enable them to carry out their constitutional, statutory, ceremonial and public duties. The position of Official Secretary was established in 1901, although only statutorily established in its modern form in 1984. It was abolished in 1927 after the Parliament moved from Melbourne to Canberra, but was recreated in 1931.
The support provided by the Office of the Official Secretary includes the organisation of, and advice relating to, their duties, hospitality for official functions, and administration of the Australian honours and Awards system. The Official Secretary is ex officio Secretary of the Order of Australia.
The Office also manages and maintains the official properties and associated heritage buildings and grounds, and opens the properties to members of the public for events sponsored by charitable institutions. The Official Secretary is supported in his role by program managers responsible for Executive Support, Household and Property, Organisation Services, and by the Director of the Honours Secretariat.
The best known Official Secretary is Sir David Smith, who served five governors-general between 1973 and 1990. He was Official Secretary to Sir John Kerr at the time of the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis. Following the dismissal of the Prime Minister Gough Whitlam and the swearing-in of the Leader of the Opposition, Malcolm Fraser, Smith read out the proclamation of the dissolution of Parliament, on the steps of the then Parliament House (now Old Parliament House) in Canberra, with Whitlam and a large crowd attending. The Official Secretary's office was referred to in Whitlam's famous address to the crowd:
At that time, the Official Secretary was an officer of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet, on secondment to Government House. The department held and processed all Government House's personnel and financial records. This lack of formal independence led some of Smith's critics to bad-mouth him in 1976 for having failed to keep Whitlam and his departmental head informed of Kerr’s thinking in the period leading up to Whitlam's dismissal. To put an end to these slurs, Smith resolved to secure some formal independence for himself, his office and staff. Sir John Kerr, Sir Zelman Cowen and Sir Ninian Stephen all agreed with him but urged a cautious delay. The right time finally arrived in 1984 under the Hawke government.
The 1984 amendment to the "Governor-General Act 1974" provided for the establishment of a statutory office of Official Secretary, to be appointed by the Governor-General-in-Council, to employ the necessary staff, and to hold office at the Governor-General’s pleasure. All personnel and financial records were transferred to Government House. Since 1985, an annual report of the Official Secretary is presented to both houses of parliament.
Some earlier Official Secretaries played significant political roles in their own right. Lord Hopetoun had brought his own private secretary, Captain Edward Wallington, who handled all his communications with London. The Australians resented an Englishman being in charge of official business. At that time, the payment of the Governor-General’s staff and the maintenance of the two official establishments in Sydney and Melbourne was at the governor-general’s personal expense. His successor Lord Tennyson was frugal by nature, and wanted some relief from this financial burden. The Prime Minister Alfred Deakin suspected that Tennyson was reporting on him to London and trying to interfere on matters of policy, such as the naval agreement between Britain and Australia. The Official Secretary would have been involved in these intrigues. He therefore proposed that the Governor-General's Official Secretary be paid for by the Australian government, as long as it was also able to appoint him. The British government objected (privately) because this would mean that the governor-general could not carry out what was seen in London as his broader role in supervising the Australian government. While Tennyson shared this understanding of his role, he nevertheless agreed to Deakin's proposal, and Parliament approved the arrangement in August 1902. However, the relations between the two men, which had been frosty, were not improved by this episode, and Deakin did not encourage Tennyson to seek an extension of his one-year term.
In 1916, George Steward, Official Secretary to Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson, founded and headed the Counter-Espionage Bureau, Australia's first secret service, whose agents pursued Industrial Workers of the World and Sinn Féin activists. Munro Ferguson was as unenthusiastic about these duties of his Official Secretary (whom he dubbed 'Pickle the Spy') and the unsavoury characters who consequently lurked about Government House as he was with the secret political work which Steward sometimes performed for Prime Minister Billy Hughes.
The longest serving Official Secretary was Sir Murray Tyrrell, who served six governors-general over 26 years, 1947-1973.
The current Official Secretary is Stephen Brady, who began duty on 5 September 2008 after the controversial removal of his predecessor, Malcolm Hazell, by incoming Governor-General Quentin Bryce.

</doc>
<doc id="19187358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187358" title="CEC European Managers">
CEC European Managers

CEC European Managers (also called "European confederation of executives & managers staff") is a European organisation that promotes and defends the interest of managers in Europe towards the European institutions.
Through its national member organisations and professional federations it represents 1.5 million managers in Europe.
CEC European Managers is one of the six cross-industry European social partners and take part to the European Social Dialogue.
CEC European Managers'office is based in the European area of Brussels.
CEC history.
Managers were among the first to understand the importance of organizing themselves on an international level.
In 1951 the French, German and Italian executive federations formed the CIC (International Confederation of Managers). In order to participate more actively in the European social dialogue and to be able to have a political influence on the unification process, this international federation founded the European one in 1989.
The CEC European Managers now unites 1,5 million executives and professionals in Europe, through its national organisations and European federations.
Since the late 1980s, CEC European Managers has been making its genuine and positive contribution as a social partner to the European integration.
Since the Maastricht Treaty, CEC has become an interlocutor for the European Commission and is consulted on new legislative initiatives.
Since July 1999 CEC European Managers is part of the employee delegation in the negotiations under the social protocol representing the interests of its members in these negotiations.
Mission.
CEC mission can be defined as follows:
- To strive for the European integration, allowing managers to fully take part to the EU project in every country;
- To contribute, with the other social partners, to a continuous research of a fairer balance between economic performance of enterprises and guarantee of incomes and social protection for the workforce. 
- To express and to defend needs and points of view of managers as European citizens about current topics such as women access to decision-making positions, mobility and lifelong learning, promotion of diversity and equal opportunities, active ageing, reconciliation of working and family life, sustainable development, environment protection.
Managers in Europe and in the World.
Though legally considered as employees, managers are expected to take over management’s responsibility for the workers and for the development of the company.
Managers assume essential duties which involve responsibilities, competences and professionalism in the management and implementation of corporate and institutional objectives. Leaders of this type share common sociological characteristics and interests. This is why the European Parliament expressly supported managers’ entitlement to a separate and independent representation not only on national but also on European level. This group of employees is steadily increasing with the continuing development of information and communications technologies and of new forms of labour organisation.
CEC values.
According CEC European Managers, the positive impacts of globalisation are indisputable. Simple maximisation of profit cannot be the only objective of businesses and of the European integration. Besides performance the respect of social obligations is an added value to keep business working in the long run.
Europe today is facing the challenge of keeping the economy competitive and of modernising the European social model in order to allow economic growth going hand in hand with good living conditions for the society as a whole. With regard to this the European managers are clearly in favour not only of the principle of performance and competition but also of the social market economy and a value-oriented way of conducting business.
Structure.
Team managing.
- Since 2012: Annika Elias (Sweden)
- From 2006 until 2012: Georges Liarokapis (France)
- From 1996 until 2006: Maurizio Angelo (Italy)
- From 1989 until 1996: Henry Bodes-Pagès (France)

</doc>
<doc id="19187359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187359" title="Incurvaria koerneriella">
Incurvaria koerneriella

Incurvaria koerneriella is a moth of the family Incurvariidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 12–16 mm. The moth flies from April to May depending on the location.
The larvae feed on European Beech, Oak and Tilia.

</doc>
<doc id="19187362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187362" title="Tom Taiwo">
Tom Taiwo

Thomas James William "Tom" Taiwo (born 27 February 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Hibernian as a midfielder.
An England under-17 international, he graduated out of the Chelsea academy to turn professional in 2008, having switched from the Leeds United Academy two years earlier. He never appeared for the first team, and instead enjoyed a brief loan spell at Port Vale, before he joined Carlisle United on a loan deal that was made permanent in January 2010. He played in two consecutive Football League Trophy finals for the club, as Carlisle were defeated in 2010, before they won the tournament in 2011. He joined Hibernian in September 2012.
Club career.
Tom was a student at St. Mary's Catholic High School, Menston. He joined Chelsea from Leeds United along with Michael Woods in a controversial move after Ken Bates accused Chelsea of tapping up the youngsters. Leeds received £5 million in compensation for the pair after threatening to take Chelsea to court. He broke his leg two days before he was due to make his youth team debut for the "Blues", and later stated his regret at leaving Leeds for Chelsea. His parents were accused of taking backhanders to influence his decision; Taiwo stated that these "false claims" were highly "upsetting" to him.
Taiwo joined League Two club Port Vale on a month's loan in August 2008. He made his debut, coming on as a substitute in the 61st minute, at home to Bournemouth, in the 3–1 win on 30 August. Vale sent him back to Chelsea in September after they decided not to extend his loan. Taiwo went on a trial with the Seattle Sounders of Major League Soccer in March 2009.
In July 2009, Carlisle United announced they had signed Taiwo on loan until the end of December. He impressed supporters with his "aggressive, tackle-heavy performances at the heart of the midfield." Taiwo scored his first goal for Carlisle in a 3–2 league victory over rivals Hartlepool United on 1 December. On 6 January 2010, Carlisle signed Taiwo from Chelsea permanently on a two-and-a-half-year contract, after paying the London club an undisclosed fee. He played a total of 35 League One games in 2009–10. He also featured in six of Carlisle's seven games in the Football League Trophy, including the final in front of 73,476 fans at Wembley, which ended in a 4–1 defeat to Southampton; he was a late substitute for captain Paul Thirlwell, with the "Blues" already 4–0 down.
He played five games of Carlisle's march to the Football League Trophy final in 2010–11; he also started the final against Brentford, which the "Cumbrians" won 1–0. In total he made 55 appearances in league and cup for Greg Abbott's side, scoring three goals. He scored three times in 41 games in 2011–12, as Carlisle finished eighth, missing out on the play-offs by a four-point margin. On 11 June 2012, Taiwo revealed he would not be signing a new contract with Carlisle, citing family reasons for his departure from Brunton Park. However Carlisle retained his registration and initially demanded a £200,000 transfer fee from other clubs – a prospect that ended a potential move to Yorkshire club Bradford City.
In September 2012, Taiwo signed a two-year contract with Scottish Premier League club Hibernian. "Hibs" manager Pat Fenlon said that he felt Taiwo was a quality signing, and would provide competition for central midfielders Jorge Claros and Gary Deegan. Speaking about his move, Taiwo stated his belief that the club could challenge for the league title. Carlisle manager Greg Abbott criticised Taiwo's move to Scotland, claiming it was a poor decision and that he had been badly advised. Taiwo made his "Hibs" debut on 6 October, in a 3–0 win over Dundee at Easter Road.
International career.
Although he has played for England at youth level, he is eligible to represent Nigeria through his paternal grandfather. He was named as a substitute in all of England's games at the 2007 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship, however he did not feature in the defeat to Spain in the final. He did though make it off the bench in the 1–1 draw with Belgium and the 1–0 semi-final victory over France.
Style of play.
Taiwo "has a reputation as a tough-tackling and wholehearted player".
Honours.
Carlisle United

</doc>
<doc id="19187365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187365" title="Słupia (disambiguation)">
Słupia (disambiguation)

The Słupia is a river in north-western Poland.
Słupia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187375" title="McNaught Syndicate">
McNaught Syndicate

The McNaught Syndicate (1922-1988) was an American newspaper syndicate founded in 1922. It was established by Virgil Venice McNitt (who gave it his name) and Charles V. McAdam. Its best known contents were the columns by Will Rogers and O. O. McIntyre, the "Dear Abby" letters section and comic strips, including "Joe Palooka" and "Heathcliff". It folded around 1988.
History.
Virgil McNitt (1881–1964) first tried his hand at publishing a magazine, the "McNaught Magazine", which failed. He then started the Central Press Association in Cleveland, Ohio.
In 1922, McNitt and Charles V. McAdam (1892–1985) transformed the Central Press Association into the McNaught Syndicate with headquarters in "The New York Times" building. Will Rogers' weekly column started in 1922 in 25 newspapers. By 1926, his daily column ran in 92 newspapers, and it reached 400 papers three years later, making him one of the best paid and most read columnists of the United States at the time. Writers syndicated by McNaught in those first years included Paul Gallico, Dale Carnegie, Walter Winchell and Irvin S. Cobb.
By the early 1930s, the McNaught Syndicate had a stable which included columnists O. O. McIntyre and Al Smith and at one time even syndicated a letter by Albert Einstein. From 1925 until 1951, Charles Benedict Driscoll was one of the editors and contributors for the syndicate.
Comic strips.
One of the first syndicated artists was Rube Goldberg. McNaught's line-up of comic strips included "Mickey Finn" and "Dixie Dugan". Ham Fisher's "Joe Palooka" was at first rejected by McNitt, but Fisher was hired as a salesman for the syndicate, offering McNaught's features to newspapers. After having sold his comic to 20 newspapers, McNitt had to change his opinion and added "Joe Palooka" to the syndicate, becoming one of the big successes for it.
From 1937 until 1939, many of the syndicate's comic strips were reprinted in the comic book anthology "Feature Funnies". In 1939, the syndicate hired Vin Sullivan, then editor of "Action Comics", to start a new comics publishing company, Columbia Comics, which would carry both new comics and reprints of McNaught syndicated comics like "Joe Palooka". The company existed until 1949 and is best remembered for their publication "Big Shot Comics".
Other successes included columns by Dale Carnegie and "Dear Abby" by Abigail Van Duren. At the time of McNitt's death in 1964, the syndicate was still led by McAdam, providing contents to 1,000 newspapers.
The syndicate continued columns and strips which were already successful when acquired, but it also was active in creating and suggesting new content, from the Will Rogers columns to comic strips like Don Dean's "Cranberry Boggs". In one case, McNitt supported a crossover between the comic strips "Joe Palooka" and "Dixie Dugan", a feat which was commented upon by "Editor & Publisher".
Their last success came with the comic strip "Heathcliff", which they syndicated from the start in 1973 until the late 1980s. "Heathcliff" appeared in some 1,000 newspapers, and the McNaught Syndicate became the production company for a few "Heathcliff" movies, including "" from 1986. By 1987, McNaught had only 24 features left, making it the tenth largest comic strip syndicate in the United States at that time. Probably in 1988, the syndicate eventually folded.

</doc>
<doc id="19187382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187382" title="Uwiedziona">
Uwiedziona

Uwiedziona is a 1931 Polish film directed by Michal Waszynski.

</doc>
<doc id="19187402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187402" title="R3B">
R3B

R3B is an acronym for "Reactions with Relativistic Radioactive Beams". 
It is the name of the forthcoming upgrade of the actual LAND experimental setup at the GSI (Gesellschaft fuer Schwerionenforschung), Darmstadt, Germany.
The R3B setup is part of the upcoming Facility for Antiprotons and Ions Research, FAIR, the future evolution of the GSI laboratory.
A large international collaboration including universities and research institutes is actively working on the realisation of the R3B experimental setup.
Actual status and future evolution.
At the GSI, ions of any element up to uranium are bunched together to form an ion beam and accelerated up to velocities close to the speed of light ("relativistic" velocity). By shooting the ion beams on a suited target, unstable nuclides ("radioactive" nuclei) are produced and separated with the magnetic spectrometer FRS, forming secondary radioactive beams (also called "rare isotope beams"). The relativistic radioactive beams are used to study the properties of unstable nuclides and to perform nuclear reactions that give insight into the fundamental properties of nuclear matter and nuclear force. These reactions are also essential in astrophysics, since they are expected to take place in stars and exploding stellar environments such as supernovae. At the GSI laboratory, nuclear reactions with relativistic radioactive beams are currently studied with the LAND detection setup, which includes among the other detectors the homonymous LAND. 
At FAIR, much higher intensities and velocities of the secondary beams will be achieved, also thanks to a more efficient magnetic spectrometer, the Super-FRS. The future R3B experimental setup will be adapted to the highest secondary-beam energies provided by the Super-FRS (resulting in different technical constrains with respect to the existing FRS).
Although the R3B experimental configuration is based on a concept similar to the existing LAND reaction setup, substantial improvement with respect to resolution and an extended detection scheme will be introduced. Additional detectors are foreseen for the detection of light (target-like) recoil particles and for the tracking of heavy-ion trajectories and precise momentum measurements (placing a high-resolution magnetic spectrometer behind the large-acceptance dipole). 
The R3B setup, once completed, will represent a versatile system of detectors with high efficiency, acceptance, and resolution for kinematically complete measurements of reactions with high-energy radioactive beams.
External links.
R3B Home Page
GSI
LAND
FAIR
Super-FRS

</doc>
<doc id="19187403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187403" title="HD 35519">
HD 35519

HD 35519 is a star in star clusters NGC 1912 (M38) and NGC 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="19187405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187405" title="Bezimienni bohaterowie">
Bezimienni bohaterowie

Bezimienni bohaterowie is a 1932 Polish romance film directed by Michal Waszynski.

</doc>
<doc id="19187406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187406" title="John L. Goldwater">
John L. Goldwater

John L. Goldwater (February 14, 1916 – February 26, 1999) founded (with Maurice Coyne and Louis Silberkleit) MLJ Comics (later known as Archie Comics), and served as editor and co-publisher for many years. In the mid-1950s he was a key proponent and custodian of the comic book censorship guidelines known as the Comics Code Authority.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Goldwater was born in East Harlem, New York on February 14, 1916 to Jewish parents. "His mother died giving birth to him... and his father succumbed to grief, abandoning his baby and dying soon afterward," leaving the orphaned John to be raised by a foster mother, Rose Ettinger. Distantly related to US Senator Barry M. Goldwater, in his youth, the teenage Goldwater hitchhiked his way west during the Depression, leaving "New York, hopping freight trains and bumming rides to the Midwest, where he worked for a time in Kansas as a news reporter. Assigned to school sports, he hung around with football teams, meeting the players and the girls they attracted, who would later supply him with ample comic material." A few years later, "he continued west to the Grand Canyon, where he worked at a lodge," from which he was dismissed for "socializing with the female help," his employers paid for him to travel to San Francisco, where he saved enough money (again working as a reporter) to travel by ship back to New York. On the boat, "he met two young women bound for the novitiate... oth fell for him, which later gave him the idea of the Betty-Veronica rivalry."
MLJ Comics.
Arriving back in New York, he gained employment at the docks, where his "experience with shipping" inspired him to both start his own company - Periodicals for Export, Inc. - and strike a deal with pulp/magazine publisher Louis Silberkleit to "buy his outdated issues at a penny each," which he then re-sold abroad. Finding success in his venture, Goldwater was soon joined by Silberkleit and Maurice Coyne to form their own publishing venture MLJ Comics (named after the first initial of each of the three individuals).
Silberkleit and Coyne, with (Timely/Marvel's) Martin Goodman, were among the earliest publishers of pulp magazines with their Columbia Publications publishing house, and others. In addition to having bought stock from them for his "Periodicals for Export" venture, Goldwater worked alongside the two of them for Paul Sampliner, Jack Liebowitz and Harry Donenfeld's Independent News - the distribution arm of National Periodicals, forerunner of DC Comics.
Inspired by the success of National's Superman and Batman (and hot on the heels of Goodman's Timely Comics publications), Goldwater and company published their first comic - "Blue Ribbon Comics" #1 - in November 1939, and soon after, in his role as editor, Goldwater helped devise the Shield as star of "Pep Comics", the Black Hood for "Top-Notch Comics", and Steel Sterling in "Zip Comics"."
Interviewed for the book "The Best of Archie" (1980), Goldwater recalls that he "thought of Superman as an abnormal individual and concluded that the antithesis, a normal person, could be just as popular," so "in 1941, just as the war was restricting paper supplies," the fledgling company began publishing such a character in the pages of "Pep Comics" #22: Archie Andrews.
Archie Comics.
In 1941, Goldwater, "inspired by the popular 'Andy Hardy' movies starring Mickey Rooney"
Calling the character Archie, the name echoing that of a schoolfriend, Goldwater - and series writer/artist Bob Montana with the surrounding cast supposedly "patterned after teen-agers he had met in the Midwest."
Success.
The success of the Archie line of comics, thought Goldwater, was because
At its peak, the Archie comic strip ran in 750 newspapers, while comics sales continue to sell millions of copies each year (from a height of c. 50 million) through grocery stores and newsvendors as well as tailored comics shops - Archie Comics' output is among the few still carried by the full range of venues.
The Archie line of comics (and related items) gave Goldwater a "multimillion-dollar fortune and publishing empire, Archie Comic Publications Inc. of Mamoroneck, N.Y.," a major rival to the comics industry's Superhero houses Marvel and DC Comics. Archie would feature not just in comic books and newspaper strips, but on radio, television and in film, as well as having his own "short-lived chain of Archie restaurants."
Goldwater ran Archie Comics until his retirement in 1983.
The Comics Code.
In 1954, with a public outcry against comics building on Fredric Wertham's book "Seduction of the Innocent" and the Estes Kefauver-led United States Senate Subcommittee on Juvenile Delinquency hearings, Goldwater helped found the "Comics Magazine Association of America, whose Comics Code Authority persuaded magazines to voluntarily weed out offensive copy as well as ads for guns, knives and war weapons." Goldwater served as president of the Comics Magazine Assoc. for 25 years, personally decrying such events as the 1971 United States Department of Health, Education and Welfare-sanctioned "Spider-Man" storyline dealing with the problems of drug addiction, which while talking of the evils of drugs still violated the code's guidelines by mentioning them at all. As a consequence, Marvel Comics writer and editor Stan Lee decided to defy the CCA and ran the offending story without the seal to considerable public approval which discredited the organization
Other roles.
Goldwater also found time to serve as President of the New York Society for the Deaf, and was actively involved as a National Commissioner of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, for "more than 50 years." In a 1999 notice placed in the "New York Times", he was described as a "Poet Laureate, listed in ["The"] "Who's Who of America"," and a member of both the "Old Oaks Country Club and the Friars Club."
Later life.
In 1973, Goldwater "licens Archie for evangelical Christian messages," despite his personal Jewish faith, feeling that the "sentiments were in line with his wholesome family message." The comics were written and illustrated by one of the Archie regulars, Al Hartley, and were published by Spire Christian Comics.
Ten years later, after Goldwater's retirement, the then-publicly traded Archie Comics company was acquired by Richard Goldwater (his son) and Silberkleit's son Michael, returning it to private ownership. In 2009, Goldwater's son Jonathan was named CEO of Archie Comics.
Goldwater died in New York on February 26, 1999, and was survived by his second wife and three sons: Richard (from his first marriage), Jonathan and Jared. He was also described as a "evoted brother of Dorothy Glaser and the late Jack." Donations were invited in his honor to the Anti-Defamation League.

</doc>
<doc id="19187410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187410" title="Setchellanthus">
Setchellanthus

Setchellanthus caeruleus is a species of pungent shrub with large blue flowers. It is placed alone in genus Setchellanthus, which is in turn placed alone in family Setchellanthaceae. It is endemic to Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19187421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187421" title="School of Social Work and Psychology (UEA)">
School of Social Work and Psychology (UEA)

The School of Social Work and Psychology is a department of the University of East Anglia, Norwich, England.
History.
The origins of the School can be traced back to 1975 when Professor Martin Davies was brought from Manchester to design and launch a new Graduate Programme in Social Work. As a result UEA welcomed its first 12 social work students in 1976. The School grew steadily, originally operating as a sector of the School of Economic and Social Studies. A new research degree was launched in 1983, and the School's first doctoral student graduated in 1984. In the late 1980s there began a series of collaborations with local authority and probation departments in East Anglia which lay the foundations for a burgeoning programme of postqualifying courses in social work.
In 1993 the School performed a key role in the development of health studies at UEA in the formation of the School of Health and Social Work. To support the development the Elizabeth Fry Building was built, which has been occupied by all social work and psychosocial sciences staff and students since January 1995. The School of Social Work became an entity in its own right in 1997 and was renamed the School of Social Work and Psychosocial Sciences in 2000, changing to the School of Social Work and Psychology in 2008 in recognition of the British Psychological Society approval of the BSc Psychology (formerly psychosocial sciences) degree programme. The School is also home to the Centre for Research on the Child and Family. Launched in 1996, the Centre provides a focus for internationally recognised research in this field. In 2006 the Centre hosted the Second International Conference on Adoption Research and the First International Conference on Children and Divorce, attracting delegates from all around the world.
In 1989, 1992, 1996 and most recently in December 2001, the School's research was recognised by the Higher Education Funding Council when social work at UEA was top-rated 5 on each occasion in the Research Assessment Exercise (RAE)}. External funding for research has been awarded by a range of organisations including the UK and Welsh Government, Economic and Social Research Council, NSPCC, Nuffield Foundation, and the Big Lottery.
The quality of the teaching received by social work students was also given the highest possible ranking by the Funding Council. This was consolidated in the first ever National Student Survey in 2005 where students on the School’s undergraduate programme ranked gave the course the best ranking for courses of its kind in the whole UK, a result which was repeated in the 2006 and 2007 National Student Survey.
The undergraduate Psychology programme (formerly Psychosocial Sciences) was launched in 1997, with the first cohort of students graduating in July 2000. The programme provided a new undergraduate degree focusing on the scientific study of human relations in a social context. The programme was able to draw on the teaching and research skills of existing members of faculty and to attract new appointments to strengthen the School's expertise in psychology. The BSc Psychology at UEA achieved accreditation from the British Psychological Society in 2008. The School currently has around 300 students studying psychology and 60 studying for a professional qualifying Masters or Bachelors degree in Social Work, with many more undertaking post-qualifying and research qualifications.
Key facts.
- 650 qualified social workers/probation officers graduated 1976-2006<BR>
- Current annual research income of around £350,000<BR>
- 25 members of academic staff and 7 research staff
Timeline.
1975 – First social work programme at UEA designed <BR>
1976 – First intake of social work qualifying students at UEA<BR>
1983 – MA by Research (Social Work) programme launched<BR>
1984 – First social work doctoral student graduates at UEA<BR>
1989 – Research Assessment Exercise result ‘5’<BR>
1992 - Research Assessment Exercise result ‘5’<BR>
1993 – School of Health and Social Work established<BR>
1995 – Last intake of probation officer trainees<BR>
1995 – Doctorate in Social Work (DSW) programme launched<BR>
1995 – Academic and support staff move to the new Elizabeth Fry Building<BR>
1996 – MA in International Child Welfare launched<BR>
1996 – Centre for Research on the Child and Family founded within the School<BR>
1996 - RAE result ‘5’<BR>
1997 – BSc in Psychosocial Sciences launched<BR>
1997 – School of Social Work created<BR>
2000 – School renamed School of Social Work and Psychosocial Sciences<BR>
2000 – First BSc Psychosocial Sciences graduates<BR>
2001 – Research Assessment Exercise result ‘5’<BR>
2001 – Social Work Graduate Trainee Scheme launched<BR>
2001 – First post qualifying Child Care Award students complete<BR>
2004 - MA in Child and Family Research launched (ESRC accredited)<BR>
2005 – National Student Survey results – best course of type in England (Psychosocial Sciences)<BR>
2005 – Social Evaluation Services initiative launched<BR>
2006 – BA in Social Work launched<BR>
2006 – National Student Survey results – best course of type in England (Psychosocial Sciences)<BR>
2006 – 30th Anniversary of first intake of social work students<br>
2008 - British Psychological Society accredits the BSc Psychology degree programme<br>
2009 - New MSc in Child and Family Psychology launched
Endorsements.
"UEA's pre-eminence in the area of Social Work was confirmed when it became the only department to receive top grades in both teaching and research."<BR>
"The Times Good University Guide, May 1996"
“We welcome this exciting development from the University of East Anglia because it stands to benefit people locally as well as nationally. Like all other social service authorities, Norfolk County Council faces a continuous uphill struggle to recruit and retain qualified social workers. So a new degree course on our doorstep provided by such a respected and well-regarded university, will be a very helpful contribution to our efforts.”<BR>
"Harold Bodmer, Director of Adult Social Services at Norfolk County Council on the new BA in Social Work, August 2005"

</doc>
<doc id="19187423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187423" title="The Eternal City (1915 film)">
The Eternal City (1915 film)

The Eternal City was a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Hugh Ford and Edwin S. Porter, produced by Adolph Zukor and based upon the novel and play of the sane name by Hall Caine. The film was released through the Paramount Pictures division of Famous Players-Lasky, and is based on the 1902 Broadway play that starred Viola Allen and Frederic De Belleville. The film is now considered lost. 
The movie, which starred Pauline Frederick in her debut film role, was remade as in 1923, directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Barbara La Marr, Bert Lytell, and Lionel Barrymore. 
Production notes.
The film was shot on location in London and at the Roman Forum, the Colosseum, and the Vatican gardens in Rome, Italy. Production was interrupted by World War I, and the remainder of the film was shot in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19187447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187447" title="Sound of the Desert">
Sound of the Desert

Sound of the Desert () is a 1932 Polish romantic film adventure directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187481" title="Aliff Shafaein">
Aliff Shafaein

Aliff Shafaein Safiee (19 April 1982) is a football player from Singapore that currently playing for Home United FC as a midfielder. He can be short but with his brilliant pace and style of play he can be dangerous for defenders. He has a nicknamed "The Little Master". He has only played one time for his country in 2003.
References.
http://www.safwarriors.com.sg/home/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=550:taking-aliff-from-the-champs-book&catid=3:match-reports&Itemid=34

</doc>
<doc id="19187501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187501" title="Sto metrów miłości">
Sto metrów miłości

Sto metrów miłości ("One Hundred Metres of Love") is a 1932 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187503" title="Plus One">
Plus One

Plus One may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187506" title="Charles Augins">
Charles Augins

Charles Augins is an American actor, dancer and choreographer for stage and screen. 
A native of Virginia, USA, in 1981 Augins choreographed Ray Davies's first musical "Chorus Girls", at the Theatre Royal, Stratford East, London. He won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer in 1991 for "Five Guys Named Moe". He had a small role in "Revenge of the Pink Panther" as "Vic Vancouver". He is probably best known to television audiences for playing "Queeg 500" in an episode of "Red Dwarf". He was also the choreographer for a dance scene in a later episode of the series. He choreographed for the movie "Labyrinth", as well as voicing for one of the puppets. In 1989 he appeared as himself in the Jeff Goldblum comedy film "The Tall Guy", directed by Mel Smith.
In addition, he has worked as a singer, performing backing vocals on records by artists such as Amii Stewart and even releasing a solo single, a cover of the Holland-Dozier-Holland composition "Baby I Need Your Loving" in 1982. 
He currently serves as Chair of the Dance Department of Duke Ellington School of the Arts in Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="19187519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187519" title="Social Liberal Party (Maldives)">
Social Liberal Party (Maldives)

The Social Liberal Party is a centre-left social liberal political party in the Maldives. The party was a splinter from the Maldivian Democratic Party, and faced a long battle to gain registration. It was finally registered by the courts on 4 May 2008.
The party's leader is Mazlan Rasheed. Its deputy leader is Hassan Latheef.
On 8 May 2011, Ibrahim Ismail, candidate for Social Liberal Party in Maldivian presidential elections 2008 joined MDP togethers with other key members, Hassan Latheef, Fayyaz Ismail, Ahmed Abdullah Afeef, Hassan Ismail, Hussain Ismail.

</doc>
<doc id="19187533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187533" title="Uwe Zötzsche">
Uwe Zötzsche

Uwe Zötzsche (born September 15, 1960) is a German former footballer. 
He played for Lokomotive Leipzig for eleven years, and later had spells with RC Strasbourg, Hessen Kassel and 1. FC Markkleeberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19187549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187549" title="His Excellency, The Shop Assistant">
His Excellency, The Shop Assistant

His Excellency, The Shop Assistant () is a 1933 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187566" title="Delaware and Hudson Railroad Bridge">
Delaware and Hudson Railroad Bridge

Delaware and Hudson Railroad Bridge can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187567" title="Dahr al-Wahsh">
Dahr al-Wahsh

Dahr al-Wahsh (also spelled Dahr al-Wahch) is a village in Lebanon, located to the east of Beirut. It has received attention as the site of an October, 1990 conflict termed the "Dahr al-Wahsh massacre" by Middle-East studies professor Mordechai Nisan. Interpretation and description of the event varies according to source.
In 2000, the Lebanese militia Guardians of the Cedars released a statement which included the following description of the event:
The people of the village of Dahr al_Wahch saw Syrian soldiers push a column of Lebanese prisoners who were walking in their shorts towards some unknown destination. A nun, a nurse at the governmental hospital of Baabda, saw the arrival of corpses and of the Red Cross ambulances. "I counted between 75 and 80, she explained. Most of them had a bullet in the back of their heads or in their mouth. The corpses still carried the mark of cords around their wrists." The rigidity of the corpses fixed their crossed arms behind their backs. They were naked, wearing only shorts. Some ten of them had their eyes gouged out, another ten had an arm or leg cut off. All had been shot in their heads. There can be no doubt about their execution. The Hraoui government announced that there had been no massacres.
Izzat Nweilati, in a paper published by the journal of the Syrian Human Rights Committee, describes the event as the result of a miscommunication, when Lebanese forces at Dahr al-Wahsh did not receive cease-fire orders from Michel Aoun and so attacked Syrian troops who were crossing a landmine field. With 150 of their own killed, the Syrians retaliated against the Lebanese for deviating against the "rules of war". Newilati, who indicates that then Defense Minister of Lebanon Albert Mansour described the event as a "double massacre", states that the corpses he found a day after the event had been "shot in the head while their hands were tied to their backs", most unclothed.
Lebanese-born Walid Phares of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies posits that the Lebanese attacked the Syrians as a matter of choice, refusing to surrender to Syrian invasion. He describes the battle as an "illustrious episode" in "a short war with terrorism", following which the Syrians tortured and executed soldiers and civilians as an act of revenge.

</doc>
<doc id="19187580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187580" title="Zhao Qi (Han Dynasty)">
Zhao Qi (Han Dynasty)

Zhao Qi (108–201) was an official who served as Minister Coachman during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history. He was the author of "Commentaries on Mencius" (孟子章句), one of the only major commentaries on Mencius from that period still in existence. He is also featured as a character in Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms".

</doc>
<doc id="19187585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187585" title="Rafael Aguilar">
Rafael Aguilar

Rafael Aguilar (Rafael Ricaurte) (1926 – 2 March 1995) was an Ecuadorian award-winning ballet dancer and choreographer.

</doc>
<doc id="19187604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187604" title="Dvanáct křesel">
Dvanáct křesel

Dvanáct křesel (, translit. Twelve Chairs) is a 1933 Polish-Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński and Martin Frič freely based on the Russian novel "Twelve Chairs" by Ilya Ilf and Evgeny Petrov.

</doc>
<doc id="19187613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187613" title="Shipston-on-Stour Rugby Football Club">
Shipston-on-Stour Rugby Football Club

Shipston-on-Stour Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Shipston-on-Stour Warwickshire.
Formed in 1963 by a group of teachers and old pupils from Shipston High School, the first squad came from wide across the region. During their first season, the 'Rams' were forced to be a nomadic club with no pitch of their own to use. Instead they relied on the facilities at the school and using some local pubs for post-match refreshments. 
In 1964 they were able to regularly put out two teams and with the help of a local farmer, had a pitch of their own to use. Located in the nearby village of Darlingscote the pitch soon became known as 'The Bowl'. By 1968 they were renting an old barn at the rear of The Bell Inn on Sheep Street and with the assistance of Whitbread Flowers they were able to use this structure as a club house. The club moved again in 1973 but with the help of the town's local inhabitants, the local council, the County Council, the RFU, Middlesex RFU and the players themselves a new plan for a Clubhouse and ground at Mayo Road was created.
The club moved yet again in 2000 although this time they stayed based at Mayo Road and moved next door to a purpose-built club house that had been funded with finance from a Sport England lottery grant. 
The club now runs four senior teams, a Veterans team, Colts team as well as Mini and Junior Rugby at eight different age groups. The 2002 season saw the first team run out at Twickenham for the Powergen Junior Vase Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19187625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187625" title="Poverty Alleviating Party">
Poverty Alleviating Party

The Poverty Alleviating Party is a political party in the Maldives. It was registered with the Election Commission on 5 September 2008.
The party's Interim Vice President is Ahmed Saleem of H Fashan.

</doc>
<doc id="19187635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187635" title="IPCC Fifth Assessment Report">
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report

The Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) will be the fifth in a series of such reports. The IPCC was established by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) to assess scientific, technical and socio-economic information concerning climate change, its potential effects and options for adaptation and mitigation.
The Fifth Assessment Report is now underway and is expected to be finalized in 2014. As has been the case in the past, the outline of the AR5 will be developed through a scoping process which involves climate change experts from all relevant disciplines and users of IPCC reports, in particular representatives from governments. Governments and organizations involved in the Fourth Assessment Report were asked to submit comments and observations in writing with the submissions analysed by the panel. The report will be delivered in stages, starting with Working Group I's report on the physical science basis, based on 9,200 peer-reviewed studies. The first document released was Working Group I's summary for policymakers on 27 September 2013.
Current status.
As of August 2011, the Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) was already under way. It will consist of three Working Group (WG) Reports and a Synthesis Report, to be completed in 2013 and 2014.
The AR5 will provide an update of knowledge on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of climate change.
More than 800 authors, selected from around 3,000 nominations, are involved in writing the report. Lead authors' meetings and a number of workshops and expert meetings, in support of the assessment process, have been held. A schedule of AR5 related meetings, review periods, and other important dates has been published.
On 14 December 2012, drafts of the Working Group 1 (WG1) report were leaked and posted on the Internet. The release of the summary for policymakers occurred on 27 September 2013. Halldór Thorgeirsson, a UN official, has warned that, because big companies are known to fund the undermining of climate science, scientists should be prepared for an increase in negative publicity at this time. "Vested interests are paying for the discrediting of scientists all the time. We need to be ready for that," he said.
Marking the finalization of the Physical Science basis Basis UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon addressed the IPCC at Stockholm on 27 September. He stated that "the heat is on. We must act". Jennifer Morgan, from the World Resources Institute said "Hopefully the IPCC will inspire leadership, from the Mom to the business leader, to the mayor to the head of state." US Secretary of State John Kerry responded to the report saying "This is yet another wakeup call: those who deny the science or choose excuses over action are playing with fire.".
Authors and editors.
In March 2010, the IPCC received approximately 3,000 author nominations from experts around the world. At the bureau session held in Geneva, 19–20 May 2010, the three working groups presented their selected authors and review editors for the AR5. Each of the selected scientists, specialists and experts was nominated in accordance with IPCC procedures, by respective national IPCC focal-points, by approved observer organizations, or by the bureau. The IPCC received 50% more nominations of experts to participate in AR5 than it did for AR4. A total of 559 authors and review editors had been selected for AR4 from 2,000 proposed nominees. On 23 June 2010 the IPCC announced the release of the final list of selected coordinating lead authors, comprising 831 experts who are drawn from fields including meteorology, physics, oceanography, statistics, engineering, ecology, social sciences and economics. In comparison to the Fourth Assessment Report (AR4), participation from developing countries was increased, reflecting the on-going efforts to improve regional coverage in the AR5. About 30% of authors will come from developing countries or economies in transition. More than 60% of the experts chosen are new to the IPCC process, which will bring in new knowledge and perspectives.
Working Group Reports of the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) are to be published during 2013
and 2014. These experts will contribute to the AR5, divided between the three working groups (WG) and also to the synthesis report to be published in 2014.
Climate change 2013: report overview.
On 23 June 2010 the IPCC announced the release of the final list of selected coordinating lead authors, comprising 831 experts. The working group reports are to be published during 2013 and 2014. These experts will also provide contributions to the Synthesis Report to be published in
2014.
The Fifth Assessment Report ("Climate Change 2013") will be released in four distinct sections:
Working group I contribution.
The full text of "Climate Change 2013: The Physical Science Basis" was released in an unedited form on Monday, 30 September. It is over 2000 pages long and cites 9200 scientific publications. The full, edited, report will be released online in January 2014 and published in physical form by Cambridge University Press later that year.
Summary for Policymakers.
A concise overview of Working Group I's findings was published as the "Summary for Policymakers" on 27 September 2013. The level of confidence in each finding was rated on a confidence scale, qualitatively from "very low" to "very high" and, where possible, quantitatively from "exceptionally unlikely" to "virtually certain" (determined based on statistical analysis and expert judgement). The principal findings were:
Models.
AR5 relies on the Coupled Model Intercomparison Project Phase 5 (CMIP5), an international effort among the climate modeling community to coordinate climate change experiments. Most of the CMIP5 and Earth System Model (ESM) simulations for AR5 WRI were performed with prescribed CO2 concentrations reaching 421 ppm (RCP2.6), 538 ppm (RCP4.5), 670 ppm (RCP6.0), and 936 ppm (RCP 8.5) by the year 2100. (IPCC AR5 WGI, page 22).
Predictions.
The summary also detailed the range of forecasts for warming, and climate impacts with different emission scenarios. Compared to the previous report, the lower bounds for the sensitivity of the climate system to emissions were slightly lowered, though the projections for global mean temperature rise (compared to pre-industrial levels) by 2100 exceeded 1.5 °C in all scenarios.
Other.
It is assumed that the 'Next Generation Earth System Models' (e.g. HadGEM2) will produce hundreds of terabytes to perhaps tens of petabytes of climate model data for analysis.
Climate model simulations in support of AR5 will use a different approach to account for increasing greenhouse gas concentrations than in the previous report. Instead of the scenarios from the Special Report on Emissions Scenarios the models are performing simulations for various Representative Concentration Pathways.
Public debate after the publication of AR4 in 2009 put the IPCC under scrutiny, with controversies over alleged bias and inaccuracy in its reports. In 2010, this prompted U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and IPCC chair Rajendra K. Pachauri to request that the InterAcademy Council (IAC) review the IPCC and recommend ways to strengthen its processes and procedures for the preparation of AR5. The IAC report made recommendations to fortify IPCC’s management structure, to further develop its conflict-of-interest policy, to strengthen the review process, to clarify the guidelines on the use of so-called gray literature, to ensure consistency in the use of probabilities for the likelihood of outcomes, and to improve its communications strategy especially regarding transparency and rapidity of response.

</doc>
<doc id="19187641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187641" title="Prokurator Alicja Horn">
Prokurator Alicja Horn

Prokurator Alicja Horn is a 1933 Polish film directed by Marta Flanz and Michał Waszyński. The film's art direction was by Jacek Rotmil.

</doc>
<doc id="19187643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187643" title="Tovaria">
Tovaria

Tovaria is a genus of herbs native to Jamaica and South America. There are two species, "T. pendula" and "T. diffusa". The genus is the only one in the family Tovariaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19187654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187654" title="Steve Convery">
Steve Convery

Steven "Steve" Convery (born 27 October 1972, in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Career.
Convery began his career with junior side Arthurlie, and won the Scottish Junior Cup with them in 1998, scoring a goal in the final. In the summer of 1998, he was part of the Junior revolution which swept through Clyde, being one of eleven players coming from the junior ranks to join the Bully Wee. Convery became a fan favourite during his time with Clyde, and his goals were vital in the team winning the Scottish Second Division championship in 2000.
His final few years at Clyde were disrupted by several injuries, and he left in 2003 to join Hamilton Academical, after making 139 appearances and scoring 26 goals in 5 years. He spent two years at Hamilton before returning to Arthurlie. He signed for Beith Juniors in 2006, and retired from the game in 2008 after a leg break in a match against his former team, Arthurlie. He made 15 starts and scored 3 goals in his time as a player at Beith. He is now a coach at Beith.

</doc>
<doc id="19187655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187655" title="Delaware and Hudson Railroad Bridge (Clinton County, New York)">
Delaware and Hudson Railroad Bridge (Clinton County, New York)

Delaware and Hudson Railroad Bridge is a pair of historic Warren Steel Truss bridges over the Ausable River at AuSable and Peru in Clinton County, New York. They were built by the American Bridge Company for the Delaware and Hudson Railway in 1913. The North Bridge is 156 feet in length and the South Bridge 173 feet. They are both 16 feet wide and 25 feet in height.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19187657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187657" title="Dhivehi Qaumee Party">
Dhivehi Qaumee Party

The Dhivehi Qaumee Party is a political party in the Maldives. It was registered with the Election Commission on 5 September 2008.
The party's 2008 Presidential candidate is Dr.Hassan Saeed. His running mate was Dr.Ahmed Shaheed.Dr.Hassan was the former attorney general of Maldives during Maumoon Abdul Gayoom's term. Shaheed was Foreign Minister during Maumoon term an he is now also Foreign Minister at Nasheed's cabinet. 

</doc>
<doc id="19187676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187676" title="Philippine Élisabeth d'Orléans">
Philippine Élisabeth d'Orléans

Philippine Élisabeth d'Orléans known as "Mademoiselle de Beaujolais" (Philippine Élisabeth Charlotte; 18 December 1714 – 21 May 1734) was the daughter of Philippe d'Orléans, duc d'Orléans (Regent from 1715 to 1723) and his wife, Françoise-Marie de Bourbon, the youngest legitimised daughter of King Louis XIV and his mistress, Madame de Montespan. As a member of the reigning House of Bourbon, and of the House of Orléans, Philippine Élisabeth was a Princesse du Sang. She died of smallpox at the age of nineteen.
Biography.
Philippine Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans was born at the Palace of Versailles. She was the fifth living daughter of her parents and was known as "Mademoiselle de Beaujolais" in her youth. Brought up in a convent with her younger sister, Louise Diane d'Orléans, she grew up in the era of the "Régence". She was named after her paternal grandparents, Philippe de France and Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate. One of eight children, she was the sister of:
Her paternal grandmother, Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate was warmly attached to her granddaughter and very devoted to her; she used to visit her almost every day at the Palais-Royal in Paris. Her maternal grandmother was Madame de Montespan, who had died in 1707, seven years before the birth of Philippine.
Betrothal.
Since 1715, Philippine Élisabeth's father was "de facto" ruler of France as the Regent for the child King Louis XV of France. In 1718, the War of the Quadruple Alliance broke out between France and Spain. In 1720, King Philip V of Spain wanted to make peace and proposed a triple marriage; his three-year old daughter, Infanta Mariana Victoria, would marry the fifteen-year old Louis XV, and his son and heir, Infante Luis, would marry one of the Regent's daughters, as would Infante Carlos.
It was decided that Philippine would marry "Infante Carlos", the younger of Philip V's sons. In 1726, her eleven-year-old sister arrived in Madrid.
Her future husband was expected to become the ruler of Tuscany as his half brother Luis was the heir to the throne of Spain being his fathers first son. The dowry, much like her older sisters the Princess of Asturias at 400,000 ecus given by the King of France, 40,000 by her father, and 50,000 in jewels by the King of Spain. There were also many gifts from the King Louis XV. The Regent and the Duke of Chartres travelled with her as far as Bourg-la-Reine, as they had done with Louise Élisabeth the year before. She was also escorted by her half-brother "Jean Philippe d'Orléans".
She arrived at Buytrago, a day's journey from Madrid; it was there that she met the royal family including King Felipe, Queen Isabel, her sister, the Prince of Asturias and her husband to be, Infante Carlos. Elisabeth Farnese later wrote to the Regent and his wife:
"" I believe, that you will not be displeased to learn of her first interview with her little husband. They embraced very affectionately and kissed one another, and it appears to me that he does not displease her. Thus, since this evening they do not like to leave one another. She says a hundred pretty things ; one would not credit the things that she says, unless one heard them. She has the mind of an angel, and my son is only too happy to possess her. . . . She has charged me to tell you that she loves you with all her heart, and that she is quite content with her husband."" And to the duchesse d'Orléans she writes : ""I find her the most beautiful and most lovable child in the world. It is the most pleasing thing imaginable to see her with her little husband : how they caress one another and how they love one another already. They have a thousand little secrets to tell one another, and they cannot part for an instant.""
The relationship with her sister, which had never been good, became more sour due to the young Philippine gaining all the attention of the Spanish court for her beauty and intelligence; something which never happened to Louise Élisabeth upon her arrival to the cold and formal Spanish court. Her engagement with Carlos was later dissolved, so she was called back to France in 1728.
The departure of Philippine was seen as a sad affair, unlike that of her older sister Louise Élisabeth who had never been popular at the court. The Dowager Queen and "Mademoiselle de Beaujolais" arrived at the frontier of France at the foot of the mountain of Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port. Onward they traveled, and despite what was expected, the two girls were unable to enter the town of Bayonne because their cousin, Louis Henri, Duke of Bourbon (and the Prime Minister) had failed to send orders to secure lodgings for his younger cousins. Their mother was obliged to send orders to make a suite of rooms at the Château de Vincennes where they arrived in June.
When her former fiancé became the Duke of Parma in 1731, the hopes of Philippine and her mother were revived into thinking that a marriage was still possible. Her mother approached the marquis de Bissy, who was the ambassador of France in Parma. Information that the Dowager Duchess of Orléans gained was that he had been "faithful" and that he had treasured a ring that had been given to him by Philippine. With the encouragement of Madame d'Orléans, the marquis went to Carlos himself and asked him his thoughts on a possible re-uniting of the young couple. The new Sovereign Duke said that he had wanted to marry young Philippine and he said to the Parmese minister to use any measure possible to secure his love's hand. The minister later said that he could not consent to help until he saw that there was no hostility on the side of Spain.
In 1733, the War of the Polish Succession broke out and caused international relations to shift. This war later made Carlos the ruler of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. Despite that, Philippine did not see the day her love would become the King; while living quietly at her mother's favourite residence, the "Château de Bagnolet" in Paris, she died of smallpox at the age of nineteen. Upon her death, the French writer Matthieu Marais wrote to President Bouhier:
"" Everybody is in tears, and I also; she was a charming princess.""
She was buried at the Val-de-Grâce convent in Paris on the day after she died.

</doc>
<doc id="19187677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187677" title="Khanasir">
Khanasir

Khanasir ( / ALA-LC: "Khanāṣir") is a village located in Syria's as-Safira District. It is one of twenty-four villages located in the Khanasir valley, an area with a total population of 11,000 people. 
The village is situated on the site of the ancient village of Anasartha, enclosed within ramparts in western Syria; Malalas records that it was a "kastron" (fortified hilltop settlement) that was designated a "polis" by the Byzantine emperor Justinian I. A "qanat" dating back to Byzantine times that served as the water source for the village remained operational well into the 20th century. According to Robert L. France, Byzantine-era remains of Anasartha "are visible on the street, in newly built walls, and inside residential houses," in Khanasir today. 
History.
Anasartha and its surrounding villages enjoyed a period of prosperity between the late 4th century and early 6th century, with the vast majority of the built houses and churches found in this region dating back to that period. The church in Anasartha itself dates back to 426 CE. 
The bishop of Anasartha built a 'refuge' in neighbouring Buz al-Khanzir in 506-507 CE.
While the "qanat" ceased to supply water to the village after the construction of pump wells in the area west of the Khanasir valley in 1975, the -long structure was described by Hamidé in 1959 as discharging 8 litres per second, irrigating a land area of . 
Epigraphic artifacts.
Anasartha is the site of a number of inscriptions into stone, or epigraphs. For example, there is an inscription dated to 425 CE marking the burial place of Queen Mavia, the leader of Tanukh tribal confederation who mounted a revolt against Roman rule in the late 4th century. Inscriptions dating to the late 6th and early 7th centuries include one on a lintel which reads: By the gifts of (his) majesty (the) city, despising the inroad of the barbarians, set up at its gates its benefactors, (the) Saviour Christ, (her) gloriously victorious sovereigns, (the) renowned (commander), the prefects of the praetorium, also ? its most holy bishop, (and the?) most glorious engineer, in the month Gorpieos (September), in the 906th (?) year, indiction 13. + Jesus Christ, Emmanuel. + God over all. Another inscription found on the gate to the city, reads: + (Phocas) and Leontia, our most pious sovereigns, O Lord protect! + A pious branch that sprang from noble stock, Gregory, the renowned, and adorned with the fruits of his virtue, presented to God this wall also, in sparing his own country (the expense). Indiction 8, in the 916th year.
Geoffrey Greatrex and Samuel N. C. Lieu write that building work continued in Anasartha in the seventh century and that these epigraphs provide evidence of Roman resistance to Persian invasions.
Reestablishment.
At the turn of the 20th century, Circassian immigrants from Manbij, northeast of Aleppo, settled in Khanasir, using old building materials from the site to reestablish the town.
Climate.
A marginal dryland environment, the rainy season in Khanasir falls between October and May with an average annual rainfall of 210 millimetres. Variability between years is high, with 50% of the years between 1929 and 2004 receiving over , and 25% receiving over .
July and August are the hottest months with an average daily maximum temperature of . The lowest average daily minimum temperature is in January. While the temperature can fall below at night in November and December, it hardly ever remains that low throughout the day.
Economy.
Like most of the rest of the villagers of the Khanasir valley, those living in Khanasir derive their income from diverse sources, with the majority working either as agriculturalists, pastoralists, or land-poor labourers. Agriculturalists make a per capita income of US$1.30 to $2 per day, supplementing their income from the growing of crops with the fattening of animals and waged labour. Some 40% of the residents of the Khanasir valley are agriculturalists and this sub-section of the population comprises the major land-owning group in the area. Pastoralists and herders migrate, earning a per capita income of $1 to 1.50 per day and often take up fattening to supplement their incomes. Land-poor labourers own some land, between and , but make their income by working on the land of others, earning less than $1 per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19187678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187678" title="Zabawka (film)">
Zabawka (film)

Zabawka is a 1933 Polish romantic drama film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187697" title="Fricis Laumanis">
Fricis Laumanis

Fricis Laumanis (13 June 1910 in Liepāja – 6 December 1981 in New Jersey) was a Latvian football defender who was the most capped footballer from Liepāja for the Latvia national football team before World War II next to Rūdolfs Kronlaks and Harijs Lazdiņš.
Football career.
Since his mid-teens Laumanis played with the youth squad of Olimpija Liepāja and in 1927 he first played for the senior team in a year when Olimpija won its first Latvian Higher League title, pushing out of the squad the club veteran Harijs Pikols. Laumanis played his first match in Latvian Higher League on 22 May 1927 as Olimpija beat Amatieris with 5-2 goals. However it took Laumanis some more time to establish himself as a regular first squad player for Olimpija - in 1927 and 1928 he only occasionally was selected to play for the first team, really securing his position in 1929 when Olimpija won its third title. In the 1930s Olimpija rarely played without Laumanis in the squad, in several seasons he played in all league matches for the side. Therefore it was quite a serious loss for the club when Laumanis was disqualified for a couple of months in the autumn of 1939 in form of a disciplinary measure, however after his return on field Laumanis once again became irreplaceable for Olimpija. Laumanis played with Olimpija until it was disbanded in 1940. Playing with Olimpija Laumanis won seven Latvian league titles and became a three time winner of the Riga Football Cup.
Laumanis played 18 international matches for Latvia between 1930 and 1939.
The last side that Fricis Laumanis played with in Latvia was Dinamo Liepāja in 1941, he didn't play for Olimpija when it was during the German occupation of Latvia during World War II. After the war Laumanis ended up in Germany which he left in 1949 for USA.
In America Laumanis continued playing football with amateur clubs winning the Pennsylvania state amateur football league title in 1952 playing with Philadelphia Latvian immigrants sports club, he also played with the United German Hungarian Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19187699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187699" title="The Bridge (band)">
The Bridge (band)

The Bridge is an American jam band. They are based out of Baltimore, Maryland and formed between 2001 and 2002. The band is known for their live performances, blending various elements of blues, folk, funk and bluegrass.
The Band.
The Bridge consists of Cris Jacobs on guitar and vocals, Kenny Liner on mandolin and vocals, Dave Markowitz on bass guitar and vocals, Patrick Rainey on the saxophone, Mike Gambone on drums, and Mark Brown on keyboards. The band has developed a strong following in the Maryland/Washington D.C. area, and as of Fall 2008 have toured much of the United States and parts of western Europe. They were awarded Baltimore's 'Best Band' and 'Best Album' by the Baltimore City Paper reader's poll in 2005. In 2008, they won the Jam Cruise 6 'vote to the boat' contest, earning a spot to play on the annual jam band cruise.
In 2002, they were briefly featured on the television show The Wire which is set in their hometown of Baltimore, Maryland.
The original line-up of the band consisted of Paul Weinberg on drums and Ryan Porter on bass. Porter and Jacobs went to high school together, where they were in a band called Big Fat. Markowitz and Weinberg were also in a high school band together named Black Eyed Susan.
On May 26, 2011, The Bridge announced they would be breaking up after their last live show, Thanksgiving Eve 2011.
On April 18, 2012, The Bridge announced they would be reuniting for one night at the 2012 All Good music festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19187726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187726" title="Muriel Kallis Steinberg Newman">
Muriel Kallis Steinberg Newman

Muriel Kallis Steinberg Newman (February 25, 1914 – August 22, 2008) was an American philanthropist who donated her extensive collection of Abstract Expressionist art to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Life and career.
She was born in Chicago, Illinois and as a youth took art classes at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and at University of Chicago.
Her first husband, businessman Jay Z. Steinberg, died in 1954, and she then was married to businessman Albert Hardy Newman from 1955 until his death in 1988.
In the 1940s she began purchasing works by Abstract Expressionists, including Jackson Pollock, Willem de Kooning, Robert Motherwell, Mark Rothko, Franz Kline, and Alexander Calder. Though a lifelong Chicago resident, Newman bequeathed most of her collection to the Met in New York.
Newman died in Chicago of natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="19187734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187734" title="Nahla">
Nahla

Nahla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187770" title="Richie McCusker">
Richie McCusker

Richard "Richie" McCusker (born 24 August 1970, in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Career.
In the summer of 1998, McCusker was part of the Junior revolution which swept through Clyde, being one of eleven players coming from the junior ranks to join the Bully Wee. He had previously played for Maryhill.
McCusker became a fans favourite at Clyde, and played a key role in helping the team win the Scottish Second Division championship in 2000. Injury meant McCusker lost his place in the team midway through the 2000-01 season, and he never really regained his place in the side. He left in November 2001, to return to former club Maryhill.

</doc>
<doc id="19187774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187774" title="Arita Station">
Arita Station


</doc>
<doc id="19187793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187793" title="Bajana">
Bajana

Bajana is a village in Tehsil Buxwaha in Chhatarpur district of Madhya Pradesh, India. The Pincode is 471311.

</doc>
<doc id="19187800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187800" title="The Suit and the Photograph">
The Suit and the Photograph

The Suit and the Photograph is a 1998 album by Michael Nyman with the Michael Nyman Band, recorded in 1995. On this album, Nyman is the composer, conductor, and producer, and wrote the liner notes. The album contains two works, "String Quartet No. 4" and "3 Quartets". The album is named for its cover photograph by August Sander, which Nyman had associated with the Michael Nyman Band since its inception in 1977. He cites a description of the photograph by John Berger, in an essay of sthe same title, describing that the suits deform the working class rural men just enough to "undermine physical dignity." Both of the pieces on the album originated in Japan. It is Nyman's second release on EMI and his 33rd in general, but is not designated part of a series, as EMI had done with Concertos. Said Nyman of EMI, "I didn't excite them, and they didn't excite me." Nyman's only further releases on EMI would be the UK edition of "Ravenous", featuring remixes by William Orbit, and "The Actors", both film scores.
String Quartet No. 4.
The "String Quartet No. 4" is based on "Yamamoto Perpetuo", a solo violin work, and the basis of "Strong on Oaks, Strong on the Causes of Oaks". The piece was written in 1994-5 for Camilli Quartet (headed by former Michael Nyman Band member Elisabeth Perry), who first performed it on April 21, 1995, and ultimately dedicated to the memory of Alan Bush, Nyman's composition teacher at the Royal Academy of Music after his death October 31 of that year. The main theme of the sixth movement became the basis for "Virgin on the Roof" in Nyman's score for "Carrington", which in turn was based on the String Quartet No. 3 with which Christopher Hampton had created a temp track.
Pwyll ap Siôn notes that the viola and second violin follow a different meter from that of the first violin. Essentially, "Yamamoto Perpetuo" was the basis only of the first violin's part in the Quartet, while the newly composed material goes in completely new directions, even to not matching meter.
3 Quartets.
"3 Quartets" was commissioned by the Arion-Edo Foundation of Japan. John Harle and Elisabeth Perry joined a group of Japanese musicians at the Globe Theatre, Tokyo for its first performance July 15, 1994, conducted by Michael Nyman.
It is a multi-section, multi-tempoed single-movement work for a string quartet, saxophone quartet, and brass quartet. This piece also worked its way into the "Carrington" film score—the opening fanfare became a leitmotif for Mark Gertler. The heart of the work is a soprano saxophone chorale, and the work closes with a brass chorale.
On the album, the Camilli Quartet joins the Michael Nyman Band for performance of the piece.
Personnel.
Camilli Quartet
Michael Nyman Band

</doc>
<doc id="19187802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187802" title="Dak galbi">
Dak galbi

Dak galbi, also romanized "dalk galbi", is a popular Korean dish generally made by stir-frying marinated diced chicken in a "gochujang" (chili pepper paste) based sauce, and sliced cabbage, sweet potato, scallions, onions, "perilla leaves", and "tteok" (rice cake) together on a hot plate. It is a local specialty food for the city of Chuncheon, Gangwon Province, where "dak galbi" originates. Because of its origin, the dish is also called "Chunchŏn dak galbi".
It is said that "dak galbi" appeared after the late 1960s as an inexpensive "anju" (food that is eaten while drinking) in small taverns, on the outskirts of the city to replace the comparatively expensive "gui" dishes which are grilled over charcoal. The dish has spread to Chunchŏn's main districts, where the livestock industry thrives and offers fresh ingredients with no need for refrigeration. There is a street known as "dak galbi golmok" (dak galbi alley) which has a high concentration of dak galbi restaurants. Due to the city's northern location, it is a common destination for conscripted soldiers on leave.
It is also a popular dish for university students who are on a low budget, as "dak galbi" is relatively cheap and served in abundance. It earned the nickname "commoners' galbi" or "university student's galbi" back in the 1970s. 
Despite the fact that its name means "chicken ribs", there is no rib meat in dak galbi. 
The city of Chunchŏn has held an annual autumn festival dedicated to "dak galbi" since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19187812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187812" title="The Way I See It">
The Way I See It

The Way I See It is the third studio album by American recording artist Raphael Saadiq, released on September 16, 2008, by Columbia Records. After releasing his 2004 album "Ray Ray", Saadiq continued working on other artists' projects and developed a partnership with audio engineer Charles Brungardt, who shared his fascination with historic recording techniques and equipment. In 2008, he returned from a vacation that inspired him to pursue classic soul and recorded "The Way I See It" with Brungardt at Blakeslee Recording Company, Saadiq's studio in North Hollywood. In an attempt to recreate the Motown aesthetic of the 1960s, Saadiq and Brungardt eschewed their past experiences with modern music production and studied and experimented with older recording techniques.
A traditional soul album, "The Way I See It" draws on the music of 1960s Motown Sound and Philadelphia soul. Its songs are two to four minutes long and incorporate characteristic elements of its source material, including Motown's grooves, driving rhythms, swinging bass, sweeping strings, bright melodies, and rhythm section tambourines. Saadiq's songwriting is characterized by generally romantic subject matter, positive exhortations, and straightforward, vulnerable lyrics. He described the album as a series of love songs about music and remaining faithful to it despite trends. Music writers compared Saadiq's slightly distorted, tenor vocals on the album to those of Motown artist Smokey Robinson.
Although it was initially overlooked by consumers, "The Way I See It" sold steadily and charted for 41 weeks on the US "Billboard" 200, peaking at number 19. It also charted in several European countries, including France, where it charted for 51 weeks. As of May 2011, the album has sold 282,000 copies in the United States. "The Way I See It" was well received by music critics, who praised Saadiq's musicianship, songwriting, and appropriation of 1960s soul music. It was an exemplary release of the classic soul revival at the time and earned Saadiq the highest international profile of his career. His extensive touring for the album in the US, Europe, and Asia expanded his repertoire as a solo artist and garnered him a newer, more diverse audience.
Background.
After releasing his second studio album "Ray Ray" in 2004, Saadiq continued working as a producer, composer, and instrumentalist on other recording artists' music. He was introduced to audio engineer Charles Brungardt through production and songwriting team Jake and the Phatman, who had worked on "Ray Ray". Brungardt interned at Blakeslee Recording Company, Saadiq's North Hollywood recording studio, and eventually became his principal sonic partner on projects. The two shared a fascination with historic recording techniques and equipment. They also studied the 2006 book "Recording The Beatles" together and had an interest in the knowledge of recording gear by engineers and technicians for English rock band The Beatles. Brungardt increased his engineering output, and in 2007, Saadiq enlisted him to engineer and mix English singer Joss Stone's studio album "Introducing Joss Stone", which Saadiq produced.
While vacationing in the Bahamas and Costa Rica in 2008, Saadiq observed people there listening to classic soul music and was inspired to pursue it as a musical direction for his next album. He recounted the experience in an interview for "Blues & Soul", saying that "I was like 'Wow, maybe I should tap into this vibe, because it’s actually what I LOVE!' ... I realised that, though you can hear it in many of the records I've done throughout my career, I'd never paid 100% attention to going in that direction before. So the difference this time is that I took a more focused route." As a part of Tony! Toni! Toné! during the late 1980s and 1990s, Saadiq had incorporated classic Motown influences in his songwriting for the group. He titled the album as a declaration to music listeners, saying that "this has always been me. This is what I really love, and everything you’ve heard from me before has been based on the roots of this music."
Before recording "The Way I See It", Saadiq signed to Columbia Records. Label executive Rick Rubin visited Saadiq's home studio and was impressed by his material there. He said of Rubin's visit and advice to him as a solo artist, "He told me to never box myself in. I just have to be myself. You've got to follow your own path. I've always gone down the road less traveled, but now I do it even more aggressively."
Recording.
After returning from his vacation, Saadiq started writing and recording "The Way I See It", which took four months. In an interview for "Sound on Sound", he discussed his comfort level when returning to Blakeslee Recording Company, saying "the music for this album flowed organically, naturally, and since I have my own studio I was able to perfect it and take my time to make it right. I was able to live with it day after day, and I think that had a lot to do with how the album turned out." He wrote the songs extemporaneously, often by playing guitar and improvising riffs. He subsequently sung them while playing each instrument one at a time, including guitar, bass, and basic piano parts that he planned to include on the recordings. He attributed this secluded approach to "the state of the industry" and idealized "bounc ideas off other people, do some writing with them, take the material to my band and say, 'OK, let's cut it,' with the orchestra already there. That's my dream. I'd crank records out weekly if I had staff writers like they did at Stax and Motown".
Saadiq recorded the album primarily at Blakeslee Recording Company. Additional sessions took place at Harmonie Park Studios in Detroit and The Music Shed Studios in New Orleans. While recording the album, he immersed himself in a composite character of classic soul singers from videos he watched, including Al Green, Gladys Knight & the Pips, the Four Tops, and the Temptations. He recorded his vocals with only Brungardt present in the studio, a preference he felt prevented him from "looking for answers from somebody who may not really know." Saadiq said of the process, "I tend to record complete takes, and if something isn't quite right but it's got a feel that I know I can never ever capture again, I'll leave it, even if it's flat. I mean, there are flat parts on my record, because it's not about perfection, it's about the soul." He recorded background vocals for all songs. Saadiq played most of the instruments for the album, including drums, guitar, piano, sitar, and bass guitar, his instrument of choice throughout his career. He viewed the bass playing of James Jamerson as an integral part of Motown's recordings and cited it as the inspiration for his own bass sound on "The Way I See It".
Saadiq worked with other musicians, including Joss Stone, percussionist Jack Ashford, string arranger Paul Riser, multi-instrumentalist Bobby Ozuna, singer CJ Hilton, and recording artist Stevie Wonder. Ashford and Riser were members of The Funk Brothers, a group of session musicians for Motown Records during the 1960s. Ashford played tambourine, vibraphone, bells, and shakers on songs such as "100 Yard Dash", "Love That Girl", and "Staying in Love". Ozuna, one-half of Jake and the Phatman, co-produced and co-wrote three songs and played several instruments, including bongos, tambourine, and drums. Hilton co-wrote "Never Give You Up" and played its drum and keyboard parts. Wonder's contribution of a harmonica solo on the song was impromptu, as Saadiq reached out to Wonder after recording the song's vocal parts with the improvised line, "I'd like to invite Mr. Stevie Wonder to my album. Come on, Stevie!" After having the idea recommended to him by rapper Q-Tip, Saadiq also reached out to Jay-Z to record a featured rap for a remix of "Oh Girl"; it was included on the album as a bonus track.
Production.
"The Way I See It" was engineered by Saadiq, Gerry Brown, James Tanksley, and Brungardt, who also mixed the album with Saadiq. Saadiq and Brungardt both liked to layer multiple instruments and, prior to recording, had contemplated techniques such as sampling and drum programming. However, they ultimately found live instrumentalists more dynamic and challenged themselves to reproduce older music productions and the Motown aesthetic of the 1960s. To familiarize themselves with vintage recording techniques, they studied Mark Lewisohn's 1988 book "The Complete Beatles Recording Sessions", books about Motown Records, and images of the label's studio personnel, setup of instruments, and microphone placement. They also studied Motown EQs to achieve a tone they found adequate for songs' rhythm guitar parts. Saadiq says that he had to disregard "about 85 to 90 percent of the new techniques", adding that "People used to take recording very seriously. They used to wear lab coats at Abbey Road. So I got serious with what I was trying to do, both mentally and physically." Brungardt said of his approach to the production in an interview for "Mix":
Saadiq's studio integrated modern equipment such as a Pro Tools digital workstation and an SSL 9000 mixing console, and featured various vintage gear, including Saadiq's 1960s Ludwig drum kit and a kick-drum mic purchased from Abbey Road Studios. In the studio, Saadiq and Brungardt experimented with techniques and equipment. They wanted the songs to have slower attacks like older recordings, as producers in the past did not have advanced compressors, audio tools that manipulate the dynamic content of signals and affect certain sounds in a recording's mix. Their production applied tube preamps and tube compressors, with the former used as a front end for Pro Tools. For Saadiq's vocals, a Shure SM57 dynamic microphone was used to thicken and distort his voice as a way of embellishing his characteristically clean delivery, while Brungardt employed a compressor and a Pro Tools plug-in during the mix. Saadiq sought a certain "edge" for his vocals and an unpolished sonic element for the album. They also tried recording tracks to cassette tapes in order to produce a grittier, older sound. Brungardt used a FilterBank plug-in when mixing the album to uncompress vocals and roll off high-end sound from tracks.
Although they wanted to reproduce an older sound, Saadiq and Brunghardt also wanted to capture more of the bass and drum parts to add a louder, modern element to the mix. They applied a more basic approach to miking the instruments and utilizing the outboard gear, using a Neumann U 47 for guitars, alternating overhead microphones for Saadiq's drum kit, a combination of dynamic and condenser mics for the kit's bass drum, and Amplex tape machines for extra warmth to the kit. Brungardt used various standard mics for the snare drum to achieve a more solid cracking sound, rather than capturing the drum's overall tone. Their miking of the guitars' amps was adapted from "The Complete Beatles Recording Sessions", and as Brungardt recounted, "It really gave us warmth and character. It allowed the amp to breathe and we got the tones of the amp along with the room. For me, that really opened things up so that I could play with the live room, using different reverbs to get a sound." For Saadiq's bass, they used a DI unit to connect a microphone preamplifier, increased the gain on a plug-in for less compression, and adjusted the low-end tones with an equalizer plug-in.
Music and lyrics.
"The Way I See It" has a traditional soul style fashioned after the 1960s Motown Sound and Philadelphia soul. It is a departure from Saadiq's previous work with neo soul, which bears a hip hop influence. J. Gabriel Boylan of "The New York Observer" said that Saadiq expands further beyond his work as a producer for other recording artists, for whom he encouraged a "classic aesthetic, heavy on organic sounds and light on studio magic, deeply indebted to the past and distrustful of easy formulas". BBC Music's Chris Jones interpreted Saadiq's use of 1960s soul as the album's source material to be a reflection of "America's most recent great political and cultural shift ... the first true post-Obama expression of hope in record form." Saadiq viewed his rootsy direction as a response to the state of popular music and found it analogous to modern politics: "You force so many terrible things on people, they get tired of it. We have a black president now."
Songs on the album emulate Motown's grooves, driving rhythms, tight drumming, tambourines in the rhythm section, guitar melodies, layered vocal arrangements, and durations of two to four minutes. They also feature bright melodies, swinging bass, sweeping strings, and snare drums that emit reverb. Cameron Carrus of "The Lawrentian" said that the most hook-oriented riffs are played on the bass and guitar, which blend "the low with the high", and cited "Keep Marchin", "Love That Girl", and "Staying in Love" as examples. Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" viewed that Saadiq follows the example of 1960s Motown artists such as Marvin Gaye, Smokey Robinson, Stevie Wonder, and Holland–Dozier–Holland, the label's songwriting and production team. Robert Christgau wrote that the album shares Holland–Dozier–Holland's "bright, swift, clearly hooked aesthetic". Saadiq sings in a tenor voice, which is slightly distorted as a result of the album's post-production. Music critics compared his singing on the album to that of Smokey Robinson.
Saadiq's songwriting is characterized by straightforward romanticism, positive exhortations, pining ballads, and message songs. Christgau interpreted Saadiq's persona on the album to be "a romantic who stays true to the deliberate simplicity" of the song titles, but "never threatens to assume the fetal position if he doesn't get the extreme cuddling he craves." Patrick Varine of the "Observer-Dispatch" asserted that Saadiq deviates significantly from contemporary R&B lyrics: "there are no thinly-veiled food-sex metaphors or pimp fantasies". His songwriting also paraphrases classic soul lyrics and, on the album's slower songs, expresses tightly coiled emotions. "The Boston Globe" staffer Sarah Rodman commented that Saadiq "clutches at the very romantic heart of Motown soul-pop". Saadiq said that some songs were written about his life experiences. He described the album as "basically a series of love songs about music, how falling in love can be easy, but staying true to it can be tricky." He elaborated on this interpretation in an interview for the "Chicago Tribune": "You have to watch out for those curves. Trendy music comes out, and how do you stay true to what you love? I’m not saying everything has to sound like a '60s record to stay true, but you should never take the relationship lightly."
Songs.
"Sure Hope You Mean It" features slightly off-beat percussion, lazy snare rolls, tambourine shakes, and lyrics about a man who awaits a sign of approval from the woman he admires: "I want to take control, but you've got to let me know." Music critics compared it to Marvin Gaye's 1964 song "How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved by You)". "Keep Marchin" has prominent bass and guitar riffs, and lyrics evoking socially-conscious and positive sentiments. It is composed in the vein of the soul music of the African-American Civil Rights Movement, such as Sam Cooke and the Staple Singers. Gail Mitchell of "Billboard" compared the song to the music of Curtis Mayfield and the Impressions' 1968 song "We're a Winner". Saadiq said that "Keep Marchin" reminds him of his experience striving in the music industry.
"Big Easy" features lively piano and percussive, New Orleans-style brass. It is sung from the point of view of a man in New Orleans who reacts to Hurricane Katrina and looks for his lost lover: "Somebody please tell me what's going on. They say them levees broke, and my baby's gone." J. Gabriel Boylan of "The New York Observer" remarked that the song "manages to cast Hurricane Katrina as the villain in a romance, tearing lovers apart." Its composition employs a blissful sound and disheartening lyrics, a songwriting technique similar to that of Holland–Dozier–Holland. Saadiq was inspired to write "Big Easy" after watching the 2006 documentary film "When the Levees Broke". He explained its upbeat composition in an interview for "All Things Considered", saying that "in New Orleans, when they mourn, they really celebrate and have a great time. I wanted to give it that same spirit." 
According to Saadiq, "Just One Kiss" "could be about a girl, but I'm really talking about music and what it did for me. That one guitar line, that certain drum beat, how it turned my life into a ball of gold." The song features cinematic strings, bright xylophone, and a rolling crescendo. The ballad "Calling", featuring Mexican balladeer Rocio Mendoza, draws on Motown's late 1950s R&B roots and doo-wop music, and incorporates Latin style guitar, and Spanish language lyrics. "Staying in Love", an uptempo rhythm and blues song, was written by Saadiq after he thought of an ex-girlfriend. Saadiq sings with a reserved delivery on the Philly soul-styled "Oh Girl", which features subtle strings, a slow sitar riff, and crooning harmonies. Critics compared its music to the Delfonics and the Stylistics. 
Incongruous with its 1960s-inspired sound, "Let's Take a Walk" has sexually forward lyrics and come-ons, which the narrator uses to bluntly proposition his love interest. The midtempo "Never Give You Up" is fashioned in Motown's early 1970 sound and, unlike other songs on the album, incorporates more contemporary soul elements. "Sometimes", which was inspired by Saadiq's upbringing in a tough neighborhood in Oakland, is about dealing with the fatigue of universal hardships when they are worsened by the burden of racism. The line "now I know what they meant by 'keep your head to the sky'" makes reference to Earth, Wind & Fire, whose music Saadiq immersed himself in while growing up. Saadiq said of the song's message, "That's just giving dap to my moms and grandmother and the people who raised me in the neighborhood to let them know its easy but not as easy as it seems all the time and sometimes we have to back up and cry but I'm just giving thanks to the people that helped me along the way."
Release and packaging.
Prior to the album's completion, Saadiq previewed songs in May 2008 to music journalists and industry types at the Sony Club in New York City. He also planned a grassroots marketing strategy for the album, which evolved from Saadiq's difficulty with Columbia record executives to promote the album and their idea of issuing its songs as vinyl records. He felt that "nobody at the label knew" him and said of the difficuly in an interview for "The Dallas Morning News", "They had this record that I turned in that sounded like a '60s record. 'What the hell do we do with this record?' It was quality. There was not a lot of marketing and promotion, but they knew I had the credibility so you don't just throw it in the garbage ... I don't mind being a slow burn because that's actually a better road to take. I have to go in one more time and prove myself again because I am starting over again."
In the week leading up to its release, Saadiq made promotional appearances at V-103's For Sisters Only, the International Soul Music Summit, and the Uptown Restaurant & Lounge in Atlanta. He also performed songs from the album on "VH1 Soulstage". "The Way I See It" was released by Columbia both on CD and as a collector's edition box set with 7-inch vinyl singles. In the United Kingdom, the album was issued with two bonus tracks—a "Euro version" of "Big Easy" and the song "Come On Home". In 2009, Saadiq travelled to Europe for promotional television appearances and press for the album.
The album's packaging adheres to a retro aesthetic with its crimson-tinted cover's font and 1960s Columbia Records logo. The packaging's photography was taken by Norman Seeff. The cover photo shows Saadiq singing into a microphone with his arms raised and wearing a suit, tie, and thick-rimmed glasses, a look similar to that of Temptations singer David Ruffin. The photo was taken at a show in 2006 at Sweet's Ballroom in Oakland, in which Saadiq performed Marvin Gaye's 1965 song "Ain't That Peculiar". He said of the photo, "That picture set the tone for the whole album ... Me singing that song, me wearing that suit, it said everything that this album should be." Music journalist Greg Kot wrote that the album cover "evokes the dramatic portraits and color schemes of old-school jazz and soul albums. Think Ray Charles on Atlantic, Sonny Rollins on Blue Note, Sam and Dave on Stax ... With arms raised, he looks like he's testifying as much as singing."
Commercial performance.
"The Way I See It" was largely overlooked by consumers upon its release. The album debuted at number 19 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 23,000 copies in the week of October 4, 2008. Nonetheless, it was Saadiq's highest-charting album in the United States at the time, and by November, had steadily sold 76,919 copies. In the week of August 8, 2009, it re-entered the chart at number 101 and had sold 215,000 copies. By November, the album had sold 242,000 copies. It ultimately charted for 41 weeks on the "Billboard" 200, serving as the longest chart-run of Saadiq's career. As of May 2011, "The Way I See It" has sold 282,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
The album also charted in several countries in Europe. In France, it debuted at number 171 on the SNEP's record chart on November 29, 2008. The album charted for 51 weeks, peaking at number 13 in the week of February 24, 2009, before exiting the chart on July 24, 2010. "The Way I See It" charted for one week at number 75 on the UK Albums Chart.
Five singles were released from the album—"Love That Girl" on August 5, 2008, "100 Yard Dash" on March 30, 2009, "Never Give You Up" on May 27, "Let's Take a Walk" on August 7, and "Staying in Love" on October 5. "Love That Girl", "Never Give You Up", and "Staying in Love" all charted on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, peaking at number 45, number 26, and number 74, respectively.
Critical reception.
"The Way I See It" received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 79, based on 20 reviews. Caroline Sullivan of "The Guardian" called it "impeccably wrought" and said that Saadiq executes it "beautifully". Andy Gill of "The Independent" called it "one of the year's most impressive and engaging albums" and stated, "few have managed to retro-fabricate that classic sound so accurately, nor in as many subtle variations." Will Hermes, writing in "Rolling Stone", said that the album "evokes classic Northern soul without sounding slavish." Maiya Norton of "Vibe" called it "a breezy medley of soul music that is a unique alternative to his previous work." Allmusic's Andy Kellman stated, "Here's where a modern master, backed by living and breathing session musicians ... masters the masters with startling accuracy."
"The Observer"s Steve Yates praised Saadiq's "fine way with a simple lyric", and Kitty Empire found it "both feather-light and substantial", writing that "unlike most modern records, Saadiq's tunes gather weight the deeper in you go". Clover Hope of "The Village Voice" said that Saadiq's "approximations" are "slick", but made unique through his "tell-tale tenor". MSN Music's Robert Christgau commended him for "stay within the parameters of a genre he inhibits from the inside out" and stated, "Singing with the obliging malleability of last Temptation Dennis Edwards, emoting with the sweet specificity of miracle worker Smokey Robinson, he goes Motown with so much joy in one-man-band craft he'll not only convince the girl he's sweet-talking that this is forever, he'll convince you." In his review for "Blender", Christgau said that the album lacks filler.
In a mixed review, Addi Stewart of "Now" felt that Saadiq's singing lacks "a subtle soulful substance". Christian John Wikane of PopMatters found the songs "too derivative" and stated, "One’s total enjoyment of the album depends on their appreciation of classic soul and R&B and whether such appreciation is contingent on absolute authenticity." "Q" said that it lacks a "fresh approach" to elevate it from a simple homage. Sputnikmusic's Tyler Munro called it "an album caught in a time-lapse" that will "at least awaken the world to Saadiq's talent as a vocalist, instrumentalist and producer."
Accolades.
"The Way I See It" was included in critics' year-end top albums lists. It was named one of the top-10 best albums of 2008 by the "Los Angeles Times" and "The Wall Street Journal", and was ranked number 29 by "Blender", number nine by the "Houston Chronicle", number five by "Exclaim!", number seven by "The Irish Times", number one by NPR, number five by "The Observer", number 48 by "Rolling Stone" and "Uncut", number 34 by "State", number three by "Time Out", and number two by "USA Today". Sarah Rodman of "The Boston Globe" named it the ninth-best album of 2008 and called it "a pointed and tuneful reminder that classic can also mean timeless." Robert Christgau ranked the album number 13 on his list and found it to be a "painstakingly retro , whose miracle isn't replicating the Motown Sound but writing consistently charming and catchy songs in that style".
"The Way I See It" was voted number 18 on "The Village Voice"s Pazz & Jop albums list; their singles list had six of the album's songs voted in, including "100 Yard Dash" at number 114 and both "Love That Girl" and "Big Easy" at number 250. Nate Chinen of "The New York Times" included "100 Yard Dash" in his top-five singles list for 2008. The album was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best R&B Album, presented at the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009. "Love That Girl" was nominated for Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance, and "Never Give You Up" was nominated for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
Tour.
Saadiq toured for about two years to promote "The Way I See It", performing in venues throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia. He was originally apprehensive at the prospect of touring extensively, having toured minimally as a solo act. He reconsidered at the advice of his rhythm guitarist Rob Bacon, which he recounted in an interview for the "Los Angeles Times": "The money was just OK, so I was like, 'I don't know – I could probably stay home and find something better,' But then Rob reminded me, 'You know, all those cats you love, that's exactly what they did. Little Richard? He played 10 shows a day at the Apollo.' I said, 'OK, let's go.'" To complement his songs' style, Saadiq adopted a vintage soul image and, having studied footage of classic soul groups and album sleeves, donned old-fashioned attire and performed R&B dance moves at shows. He wore a yellow tailored suit, while his nine-piece backing band wore black suits. The band included a horn section and backup singer Erika Jerry.
Before the album's release, Saadiq had toured Europe during the summer in 2008. In November and December, he served as a supporting act for John Legend. He also opened for Seal and the Dave Matthews Band. Throughout his touring in the US and Europe, Saadiq played various music festivals, including Austin City Limits, Bonnaroo, Lollapalooza, South by Southwest, Voodoo Experience, Bumbershoot, Outside Lands, and Pori Jazz. In February 2009, he performed at the Harvard Club of Boston as part of the music television series "Live from the Artists Den". On June 25, he played the Blue Note Tokyo in Japan. His performance at the Bataclan in Paris on July 11 was filmed and released as a DVD, entitled "Live in Paris", in 2010.
After a stretch of summer festival performances in 2009, Saadiq embarked on another leg of concerts during November and December, with Melanie Fiona, Janelle Monáe, and Anjulie as supporting acts. The tour featured dates in North America, but Saadiq also performed at the Paradiso in Amsterdam on November 13. He continued touring for the album into 2010, including performances at the JazzReggae Festival in May, the Essence Music Festival in July, and a headlining performance at Central Park SummerStage in August.
Legacy.
Classic soul revival.
"The Way I See It" was an exemplary release of the classic soul revival during its peak in 2008. The music scene was marked by similarly retro-minded work from mainstream artists such as Amy Winehouse and Adele, independent acts such as Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings and Mayer Hawthorne, and older artists attempting comebacks such as Al Green and Bettye LaVette. Music journalist Oliver Wang cited Saadiq's album, along with Solange Knowles' 2008 album "Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams", as one of the "retro-soul" efforts that were released by contemporary R&B artists as the music scene peaked in popularity. Wang wrote that "The Way I See It" "showcased a mastery of any number of past R&B styles, including those out of Memphis, Muscle Shoals, Philadelphia, New Orleans, and of course, Detroit." Estelle said of the album in a 2008 interview, "Every song is like a different era of Motown ... Everything sounds exactly like it did back in the day. Not to take away from Amy, but this is the real shit."
Music writer David Nathan cited "The Way I See It" as the "contemporary album that was the closest to authentically recreating the great soul music sound of the late '60s and early '70s." Rob van Alstyne of "The A.V. Club" found it "so retro in sound that the uninformed listener could easily assume it was recorded more than 40 years ago". Andrew Dansby of the "Houston Chronicle" prefaced that "retro is dangerous territory for a musician" and that it can be either "briefly intriguing" or "rote facsimile". Of Saadiq's album, Dansby stated, "There's a true-believer urgency to Saadiq's songs here – the compact construction, the gritty sincerity of the vocals – that, more than the fact that the songs are originals, sells it as something new and not a retread. His form is time-tested and he infuses it with an energy that suggests it's not a brittle antique." Critic Ken Tucker found the album distinct from other soul revival music: "You can reproduce variations on melodies and rhythm, but without an emotional commitment, it's all tedious pandering to baby boomers. For Raphael Saadiq, there's a glowing vibrancy in soul music that allows him to work out themes and ideas."
Saadiq's career.
The album earned Saadiq the highest international profile of his career. In promoting "The Way I See It", he broadened his audience demographic and expanded his repertoire as a touring artist. His extensive touring in the US and Europe garnered the attention of younger, white audiences who were not exposed to his previous solo albums and work with Tony! Toni! Toné!. "The Press of Atlantic City" wrote that the album "brought in a whole new generation of Saadiq fans, with songs such as '100 Yard Dash' striking a chord with even ironic teenagers." According to Gail Mitchell of "Billboard", "The Way I See It" helped Saadiq reach "the major-market hipster crowd, music supervisors and festival bookers." He also attained a following among Japanese audiences. Saadiq's touring for the album influenced his approach for recording his next album, "Stone Rollin"', in 2011, as he noted the louder, raw sound and general feeling of performing live. It also continued his partnership with Charles Brungart, who assisted Saadiq in recording "Stone Rollin".
Saadiq called "The Way I See It" "the culmination of a lifetime of experiences informed by the music I grew up on." Kristal Hawkins of "The Village Voice" said that he "hit his artistic maturity" with the album. Robert Christgau remarked on its place in his solo career, "In 1996, Saadiq turned the climactic Tony! Toni! Toné! album into a virtuoso history lesson. Six years later, he tried to dazzle Maxwell in his own reflected glory. Six years later yet again, he outd himself with a fearless return to retro." Elton John, a fan of Saadiq's music since his beginnings with Tony! Toni! Toné!, said that he was "blown away" by "The Way I See It", citing it as "my album of the year – a soul record of the highest quality." He subsequently called Saadiq to congratulate him for the album and ask him to play at his AIDS Foundation Academy Award Party in 2009. In an interview for "Blues & Soul", Saadiq elaborated on the album's impact on his career: "before that record – after I'd been in Tony Toni Tone! and Lucy Pearl – most people had thought 'Oh well, he's a producer now. He’s never gonna be an artist, he's not gonna put the time in' ... "The Way I See It" showed them that yes, I could put the time in still and be an artist!"

</doc>
<doc id="19187826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187826" title="André Schei Lindbæk">
André Schei Lindbæk

André Schei Lindbæk (born 1 November 1977) is a Norwegian football player who last played in Germany for Rot-Weiss Essen. He formerly played for Nordstrand, Drøbak/Frogn, Abildsø, Kongsvinger, Skeid, Molde, Numancia, Viking, Las Palmas, Landskrona, FH, Køge and Start.

</doc>
<doc id="19187841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187841" title="Co mój mąż robi w nocy">
Co mój mąż robi w nocy

Co mój mąż robi w nocy ("What Is My Husband Doing Tonight?") is a 1934 Polish musical comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187847" title="Caesarsboom">
Caesarsboom

Caesarsboom (Dutch: Caesar's Tree) is a very old tree whose precise age is unknown but is believed to be over 2000 years in age. The ancient tree grows in Lo, a town in Lo-Reninge, a municipality of the West Flanders region of Belgium. Its species is "Taxus baccata", common name European Yew. The tree is designated a national monument of Belgium.
According to a long-held local legend, Julius Caesar stopped at this tree during his military campaign in the area en route to " Britannia" in 55 BC, tied his horse to it, and took a nap in the shadow of its foliage. According to one source, although the road passing by the tree might date from the era of Imperial Rome, it is not likely that Julius Caesar came to this area. 
The tree grows beside the last extant city gate, of four medieval arches built in the 14th century (and restored both in 1852 and 1991); at the time the town was less than 400 meters in diameter. Caesarsboom stands adjacent to a house called ""Het Damberd"" ("The Draught-board House") which written sources from 1499 show once housed the oldest of the four breweries which used to exist in the town of Lo. 

</doc>
<doc id="19187854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187854" title="KITI">
KITI

KITI or Kiti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187859" title="Akaniaceae">
Akaniaceae

Akaniaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Brassicales. It comprises two monotypic genera of trees, "Akania" and "Bretschneidera" native to southern East China, Vietnam, Taiwan, and eastern Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19187869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187869" title="Maple Street Historic District">
Maple Street Historic District

Maple Street Historic District can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187878" title="Parade of the Reservists">
Parade of the Reservists

Parade of the Reservists (Parada rezerwistów) is a 1934 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187891" title="L'Alezane">
L'Alezane

L'Alezane (1975–1979) was a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. The daughter of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Dr. Fager, her dam, Northern Willow, was a daughter of breeder E. P. Taylor's great international sire, Northern Dancer.
L'Alezane was purchased as a yearling by prominent Quebec businessman and major Thoroughbred racing stable owner, Jean-Louis Levesque. Conditioned for racing by future Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame trainer Yonnie Starr, at age two L'Alezane followed a similar path as owner Levesque's U.S & Canadian Hall of Fame filly La Prevoyante had undertaken three years earlier by competing in both Canada and the United States. A winner of three important stakes races in each country, L'Alezane's 1977 performances earned her the Canadian Champion Two-Year-Old Filly title, and joined La Prevoyante in being voted Canadian Horse of the Year honors.
Much was expected of L'Alezane at age three but she did not achieve the results anticipated. Although she did win the Selene Stakes, she finished second in Canada's top race for three-year-old fillies, the Woodbine Oaks, and was third in a field with colts in her country's most prestigious race, the Queen's Plate.
L'Alezane returned to racing in 1979 but suffered an injury that led to the valuable future broodmare having to be euthanized.

</doc>
<doc id="19187899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187899" title="1996 Croatian Indoors">
1996 Croatian Indoors

The 1996 Croatian Indoors was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Dom Sportova in Zagreb in Croatia and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. It was the inaugural edition of the tournament and was held from January 29 through February 4, 1996. Goran Ivanišević won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19187900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187900" title="KIVY">
KIVY

KIVY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187901" title="History of the National Park Service">
History of the National Park Service

Since 1872 the United States National Park System has grown from a single, public reservation called Yellowstone National Park to embrace over 450 natural, historical, recreational, and cultural areas throughout the United States, its territories, and island possessions. These areas include a diverse varieties of areas —National Parks, National Monuments, National Memorials, National Military Parks, National Parkways, National Recreation Areas, National Seashores, National Scenic Riverways, National Scenic Trails, and others.
Beginnings.
National Parks 1864-1891.
Catlin’s vision had no immediate effect. In the east, romantic portrayals of nature by James Fenimore Cooper and Henry David Thoreau and painters Thomas Cole and Frederick Edwin Church began to compete with prevailing view of wilderness as a challenge to overcome. Slowly unspoiled nature and spectacular natural areas of the West became better known, the idea of saving such places became of interest.
In California, several state leaders sought to protect Yosemite Valley. In 1864, Sen. John Conness of California sponsored an act to transfer the valley and nearby Mariposa Big Tree Grove to the state so they might “be used and preserved for the benefit of mankind”. President Abraham Lincoln signed this act of Congress on June 30, 1864. California was granted the valley and the grove on condition that They would “be held for public use, resort, and recreation...inalienable for all time.”
The Yellowstone country was first "officially" explored by David E. Folsom, Henry D. Washburn, and Ferdinand Hayden in 1869-71. A myth evolved that near the end of the Washburn expedition, discussion around the campfire lead several of the members to suggest that the area be set aside for public use and not allowing it to be sold to private individuals. This myth was successfully exploited by National Park advocates but eventually debunked by historians. An early ally in promoting a public reservation was the Northern Pacific Railroad Company. They were seeking major destinations for their route through Montana. In an effort to reduce poaching and other misuse of the park, the U.S. Army established a fort in the area in 1881 and began park protection, establishing a pattern that would be continued by later park rangers.
In 1875, Mackinac National Park was created on a resort island in Lake Huron in Michigan, the second national park. As at Yellowstone, the army garrison at Fort Mackinac were in charge of supervising and improving the park. The fort and the national park were turned over to state control in 1895.
U.S. cavalry units took up a position in California-controlled Yosemite Park in 1891 and took over some management duties. In 1906 the park was completely taken into federal control.
National Monument line I, 1906-1916.
Early emphasis had been on the creation of National Parks, there was another movement seeking to preserve the cliff dwellings, pueblo ruins, and early missions throughout the west and southwest. Often local ranchers would try to protect these ruins from plunder, but pot-hunters vandalized many sites. The effort began in Boston and spread to Washington, New York, Denver, and Santa Fe, during the 1880s and 1890s. Rep. John Fletcher Lacey of Iowa and Senator Henry Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts, created the Antiquities Act of 1906.
The Antiquities Act of 1906 was designed to protect antiquities and objects of scientific interest on the public domain. It authorized the President, "to declare by public proclamation historic landmarks, historic and prehistoric structures, and other objects of historic or scientific interest" that existed on public lands in the United States. The Act declared these sites to be National Monuments. It prohibited the excavation or removal of objects on Federal land unless the a permit had been issued by the appropriate department. Between 1906 and 1933 three Federal agencies, the Departments of Interior, Agriculture and War, initiated and administered separate groups of National Monuments.
President Theodore Roosevelt signed the Antiquities Act on June 8, 1906. As early as 1889 Congress authorized the President to reserve the land on which the well known Casa Grande Ruin was located. In 1904, Dr. Edgar Lee Hewett made a review of all the Indian ruins on Federal lands in Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, and Utah. He recommended many sites for protection. Based on Hewett’s report and many individual request and reports from throughout the west, between 1906 and 1916 the Interior Department recommended and Presidents Roosevelt], William Howard Taft, and Woodrow Wilson proclaimed twenty National Monuments
On September 24, 1906 President Theodore Roosevelt proclaimed Devils Tower as the first National Monument. Devils Tower is a Wyoming landmark, a high tower of rock, visible for nearly . It has been a guidepost and a religious site. In December of that year, three more National Monuments were created. El Morro, New Mexico is a wayside in the rugged desert lands used by Indians settlers and travelers for centuries as a watering hole and a place to leave their marks. The site includes prehistoric petroglyphs and hundreds of inscriptions from 17th century Spanish explorers and 19th century American emigrants and settlers. Montezuma Castle, Arizona, is one of the best preserved cliff dwellings. Petrified Forest, Arizona, is world renowned for its petrified wood, Indian ruins and petroglyphs. Three of these original National Monuments later became the core of National Parks. Mukuntuweap became Zion, Sieur de Monts grew into Acadia, and Petrified Forest which was expanded by Congress to become a National Park of the same name. Three of the smaller areas were later abolished, those being Lewis and Clark Caverns, Shoshone Cavern, and Papago Saguaro.
Mineral Springs line, 1832-1916.
In 1902 the Federal Government purchased 32 mineral springs near Sulphur, Oklahoma, from the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians. The Sulphur Springs Reservation was placed under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior who shortly acquired some additional land. In 1906 Congress created Platt National Park which included the Sulphur Springs Reservation.
Establishment and growth, 1916 - 1933.
Forty-four years after the establishment of Yellowstone, President Woodrow Wilson created the National Park Service on August 25, 1916. For years J. Horace McFarland, President of the American Civic Association; Secretaries of the Interior Walter Fisher and Franklin K. Lane; Presidents William Howard Taft and Woodrow Wilson; Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr.; Representatives William Kent and John E. Raker of California; Senator Reed Smoot of Utah; Stephen T. Mather and Horace M. Albright had been seeking the creation of separate agency to manage the National Parks and Monuments.
Reorganization of 1933.
On June 10, 1933, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 6166 which consolidated all National Parks and National Monuments, National Military Parks, the eleven National Cemeteries, National Memorials, and the National Capital Parks into a single National Park System. The National Park Service was directed to oversee all of these areas.
There were three significant results of this action:
National Capital Parks line, 1790-1933.
President George Washington engaged Major Pierre Charles L'Enfant to design the new capital city. The L'Enfant Plan proposed a city of beauty. The plan was designed around a series of boulevards, parks and The Mall. Additionally, L'Enfant envisaged a Congress Garden and a President's Park; embellished with statues, columns, or obelisks; grand fountains; an equestrian statue of Washington; a Naval Column; and a zero milestone.
Rock Creek Park was authorized on September 27, 1890, two days after Sequoia and three days before Yosemite. Congress carried over some of the language of the Yellowstone Act into all three acts. Like Yellowstone, Rock Creek Park was "dedicated and set apart as a public park or pleasure ground for the benefit and enjoyment of the people of the United States," where all timber, animals, and curiosities were to be retained "in their natural condition, as nearly as possible." Though not a ‘National Park’, Rock Creek Park is a major urban park of the nation.
National Memorials line, 1776-1933.
The Continental Congress climaxed its commemorative actions in August 1783 by resolving "that an equestrian statue of General Washington be erected where the residence of Congress shall be established." The equestrian statue of Washington is executed by Clark Mills, placed in Washington Circle on Pennsylvania Avenue, and dedicated in 1859.
When the centennial of Washington's birth came in 1832 with no satisfactory monument to in the National Capital, George Watterston, Librarian of Congress, and other civic leaders organized the Washington Monument Society, to erect an appropriate monument from private subscriptions. In 1848 Congress transferred a site on the Mall to the Society, and the cornerstone of the Washington Monument was laid on July 4. Slow progress was made worse by the Civil War. When the nation's first centennial came around in 1876 the Washington Monument was only a third completed. The United States Congress passed legislation authorizing the transfer of the Monument and site to the United States for completion and maintenance as a National Memorial. The Washington Monument was dedicated on February 21, 1885.
In 1933 these National Memorials were added to the National Park System and the National Memorial function assigned to the National Park Service, except Perry's Victory Memorial, which was administered by a commission until it was added to the System in 1936. Also, the fiscal functions of the Mount Rushmore National Memorial Commission were assigned to the National Park Service in 1933 and the Memorial itself in 1938.
National Military Parks line, 1781-1933.
The line started on October 29, 1781 when the Continental Congress authorized the first official on-site battlefield monument. It resolved: "That the United States in Congress assembled, will cause to be erected at York, in Virginia, a marble column, adorned with emblems of the alliance between the United States and His Most Christian Majesty; and inscribed with a succint narrative of the surrender..."
In 1823 in Boston; Daniel Webster, Edward Everett, and other prominent citizens formed the Bunker Hill Battle Monument Association to save part of the historic field and erect on it a great commemorative monument. The cornerstone was laid on June 17, 1825. During the Revolutionary Centennial years, 1876–83, Congress appropriated federal funds to match local funds for Revolutionary battle monuments, and through this means imposing monuments were erected at Bennington Battlefield, Vermont; Saratoga, Newburgh, and Oriskany, New York; Cowpens, South Carolina; Monmouth, New Jersey; and Groton, Connecticut. Of these, Cowpens is now a unit in the National Park System, and Bunker Hill, Bennington, Oriskany, and Monmouth are National Historic Landmarks.
April 30, 1864, in the midst of the Civil War, Pennsylvania chartered the Gettysburg Battlefield Memorial Association to commemorate "the great deeds of valor... and the signal events which render these battlegrounds illustrious." This association was among the earliest historic preservation organizations in the country. By 1890 it had acquired several hundred acres of land on the battlefield including areas in the vicinity of Spangler's Spring, the Wheatfield, Little Round Top, and the Peach Orchard as well as the small white frame house General Meade had used as headquarters.
With interest and support from both North and South Congress decided to go beyond the former battlefield monument concept to authorize the first four National Military Parks — Chickamauga & Chattanooga in 1890, Shiloh in 1894, Gettysburg in 1895, and Vicksburg in 1899. These areas were not selected at random but constituted, almost from the beginning, a rational system, designed to preserve major battlefields for historical and professional study and as lasting memorials to the great armies of both sides.
The National Military Park System was approaching maturity under the War Department in 1933 when all these battlefields were transferred to the National Park Service to become a significant and unique element in the National Park System.
All of the exhibits are permanent,and will always be shown in the museum.
National Cemetery line, 1867-1933.
William Saunders planned Gettysburg National Cemetery. He enclosed it with a massive stone wall, the lawns were framed by trees and shrubs. The graves were laid out in a great semicircle, state by state, around the site for a sculptured central feature, a Soldier's National Monument. The Soldier's National Cemetery, as it was then called, was dedicated by President Abraham Lincoln on November 19, 1863. The speaker's platform occupied the site set aside for the Soldier's National Monument, then awaiting future design. The immortal words of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address gave this spot a historical and patriotic association. Gettysburg National Cemetery became the honored property of the nation on May 1, 1872, now a century ago.
Congress recognized the importance of honoring and caring for the remains of the war dead by enacting general legislation in 1867 which provided for a system of National Cemeteries developed by the War Department. Eleven of the National Cemeteries established under that authority were added to the National Park System in 1933. The act of 1867 also provided authority for preserving an important battlefield of the Indian wars when, on January 29, 1879, the Secretary of War designated "The National Cemetery of Custer's Battlefield Reservation."
National Monument line II, 1910-1933; War Department.
The Antiquities Act of 1906 authorized the President to proclaim National Monuments not only on western public lands but on any lands owned or controlled by the United States. Between 1906 and 1933 successive Presidents proclaimed ten National Monuments on military reservations;
The authority to proclaim National Monuments on military reservations is still valid, no others have been proclaimed. Instead, historic but obsolete fortifications are declared surplus by the United States Department of Defense and transferred to the National Park Service, the States, or other political subdivisions following Congressional authorization.
National Monument line III, 1907-1933; Department of Agriculture.
Between 1907 and 1933, six presidents proclaimed 21 National Monuments on National Forest lands administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture:
The first two National Monuments in the Department of Agriculture were Lassen Peak and Cinder Cone, created within Lassen Peak National Forest, California, on May 6, 1907, to preserve evidence of what was then the most recent volcanic activity in the United States south of Alaska. In 1916 these two monuments formed the nucleus for Lassen Volcanic National Park.
Fourteen of the other Department of Agriculture National Monuments were established to preserve "scientific objects". Moved by a report of plans to build an electric railway along its rim, President Theodore Roosevelt proclaimed Grand Canyon National Monument on lands within the Grand Canyon National Forest, Arizona, on January 11, 1908. In 1919 the National Monument became the nucleus of Grand Canyon National Park.
The authority to proclaim National Monuments on National Forest lands is still valid, only two others have been created between the Reorganization of 1933 and 1974. Both were placed under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service, Cedar Breaks, Utah, (August 22, 1933), and Jackson Hole, Wyoming, (March 13, 1943).
Growth, 1933-1966.
By mid-century, a great and growing backlog of deferred park maintenance and development projects, posed vast new problems for the Service and System. It was an era marked by the dramatic inauguration and prosecution of Mission 66, the emergence of a national "crisis in outdoor recreation," creation of the Outdoor Recreation Resources Review Commission and the Bureau of Outdoor Recreation, and mounting national concern for better preservation of America's vanishing wilderness.
Between the Reorganization of 1933 and the Reorganization of 1964, 1 102 areas were added to the System as defined today, increasing the total number from 137 to 239 The distribution of the new areas among categories is significant. Of the new additions, 11 were "Natural Areas", increasing their number from 58 to 69 or 19%. Seventy-five were "Historical Areas", increasing their number from 77 to 152 or 96%. Fifteen were "Recreation Areas", increasing their number from one to 16, or 1500%. It is clear that during this period the growth rate for Natural Areas noticeably diminished from previous levels and by comparison with the rate for other categories, even though very important additions of natural lands were still being made. On the other hand the growth rates for Historical and Recreation Areas accelerated sharply. It took the Service a generation, from 1933 to 1964, to assimilate these 102 diverse new areas and the 71 areas added by the Reorganization of 1933 and incorporate them securely into one National Park System.
Natural areas, 1933 - 1966.
Jackson Hole, had been talked of as a possible addition to Yellowstone as early as 1892, and from 1916 onward the Service and Department of the Interior actively sought its preservation in the National Park System. It was John D. Rockefeller, Jr., however, who rescued Jackson Hole. In 1926 he visited the area and discovered the cheap commercial development, on private lands, in the midst of superlative natural beauty. There were dance halls, hot dog stands, filling stations, rodeo grand stands, and billboards, blocking the view of the Teton Range.
President Roosevelt's proclamation unleashed a storm of criticism which had been brewing for years among western members of Congress. Rep. Frank A. Barrett of Wyoming and others introduced bills to abolish the monument and to repeal Section 2 of the Antiquities Act containing the President's authority to proclaim National Monuments. A bill to abolish the monument passed Congress in 1944 but was vetoed by President Roosevelt. The Presidented noted in his veto that Presidents of both political parties, beginning with Theodore Roosevelt, had established ample precedents by proclaiming 82 National Monuments, seven of which were larger than Jackson Hole. The proclamation was nevertheless also contested in court, where it was strongly defended by the Departments of Justice and Interior and upheld. A compromise was worked out and embodied in legislation approved by President Harry S Truman on September 14, 1950. It combined Jackson Hole National Monument and the old Grand Teton National Park in a "new Grand Teton National Park" containing some , with special provisions regarding taxes and hunting. It also prohibited establishing or enlarging National Parks or Monuments in Wyoming in the future except by express authorization of Congress.
Historical areas, 1933 - 1966.
-five Historical Areas were added to the National Park System between 1933 and 1964, including nine National Historic Sites and one International Park in non-federal ownership. Areas represented nine historic themes: I. "The Original Inhabitants" (6); II. "European Exploration & Settlement" (12): III. "Development of the English Colonies", 1700-1775 (2); IV. "Major American Wars" (10): V. "Political and Military Affairs" (16); VI. "Westward Expansion" 1763-1898 (15); VII "America At Work" (9): VIII "The Contemplative Society" (0); IX "Society and Social Conscience" (5).
Much of this would not have happened without the Historic Sites Act of 1935, a logical follow-up to the "Reorganization of 1933". On November 10, 1933, President Franklin D. Roosevelt invited his friend and neighbor, Major Gist Blair, to give consideration "to some kind of plan which would coordinate the broad relationship of the Federal Government to State and local interest in the maintenance of historic sources and places throughout the country.
The Act declared "that it is a national policy to preserve for public use historic sites, buildings and objects of national significance for the inspiration and benefit of the people of the United States'." This new and greatly broadened national policy has been the cornerstone of the Federal Government's historic preservation program ever since 1935, reaffirmed both in the Act of October 26, 1949, which created the National Trust for Historic Preservation, and in the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966. To carry out the policy, the Act assigned broad powers, duties and functions to the Secretary of the Interior to be exercised through the National Park Service, among them:
The Act established an Advisory Board on National Parks, Historic Sites, Buildings and Monuments.
In 1948 Congress authorized another major urban project, the Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia, the most important historical area in the United States, embracing Independence Hall and Square, Congress Hall, Carpenters Hall, and many other sites and buildings associated with independence and the establishment of a government under the Constitution. The method of analyzing complex urban problems was used in Boston, where it led to authorization of Minute Man National Historical Park in 1959 and other sites, including the Bunker Hill Monument, Faneuil Hall, and the Old Boston State House. A commission was established for New York City, where a complex of urban monuments were added, including Federal Hall, Castle Clinton, Grant Memorial, Hamilton Grange, Theodore Roosevelt's Birthplace, and Sagamore Hill to the previously authorized Statue of Liberty National Monument, whose boundaries were extended to include Ellis Island.
The Historic American Buildings Survey was organized in 1933 upon the initiative of Mr. Charles E. Peterson of the National Park Service in cooperation with officials of the Library of Congress and the American Institute of Architects. Since 1933 the HABS has gathered more than 30,000 measured drawings, 40,000 photographs, and 13,000 pages of documentation for more than 13,000 of the Nation's historic buildings.
The Inter-Agency Archaeological Salvage Program was organized by the National Park Service in 1946 at the request of the Committee for Recovery of Archaeological Remains to coordinate the salvage of irreplaceable pre-historic and historic Indian artifacts from projected reservoir sites in river valleys throughout the United States, before flooding. This program, which has been conducted for a quarter of a century in cooperation with the Smithsonian Institution and universities, museums, and research institutions throughout the country, has enormously deepened knowledge of American prehistory.
Recreation areas, 1933 - 1966.
The Service responded to the emerging social and economic forces of the New Deal era, by expanding its cooperative relationships with the States, securing enactment of the comprehensive Park, Parkway and Recreation Area Study Act of 1936, and initiating four new types of Federal park areas — National Parkways, National Recreation Areas, National Seashores and Recreational Demonstration Areas. By the end of this period, fifteen of the over 50 such areas remained under the administration of the National Park Service. Because they had much in common, they were collectively designated Recreation Areas in the Reorganization of 1964.
National Parkways
National Seashores
Recreational Demonstration Areas
Reservoir-related Recreation Areas
The origin of Recreation Areas as a category in the National Park System stemmed in important part from widened responsibilities assigned to the Service beginning in the 1930s. A central feature of these new responsibilities was administration of hundreds of Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) camps located in State Parks. The National Park Service had actively encouraged the state park movement ever since Stephen Tyng Mather helped organize the National Conference on State Parks at Des Moines, Iowa, in 1921. It was natural for the Service to be asked to assume national direction of in state parks when that program was launched in 1933. Fortunately for the Service an exceptional administrator, Conrad L. Wirth, was available to lead this complex nationwide program. It was a large and dynamic undertaking, at its peak involving administration of 482 CCC camps allotted to state parks employing almost 100,000 enrollees on work projects guided by a technical and professional staff numbering several thousand.
As this program got under way it became painfully evident that in the 1930s most states lacked any kind of comprehensive plans for state park systems. In 1941 the Service published its first comprehensive report, "A Study of the Park and Recreation Problem in the United States", a careful review of the whole problem of recreation and of national, state, county, and municipal parks in the United States. Interrupted by World War II, Director Wirth arranged for these studies to be resumed with the inception of Mission 66, and a second comprehensive report was published in 1964 entitled "Parks for America, A Survey of Park and Related Resources in the Fifty States and a Preliminary Plan". Numerous land planning studies of individual areas, river basins, and regions accompanied and supported these comprehensive reports. The four new types of Federal Recreation Areas added to the System between 1933 and 1964 were generally consistent with recommendations in these studies.
National Parkways.
During World War II Congress extended the National Capital parkway network by authorizing the Suitland Parkway to provide an access road to Andrews Air Force Base, and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway, whose initial unit provided access to Fort George G. Meade.
The Colonial Parkway in Virginia was the first authorized by Congress beyond the District of Columbia vicinity. It provided a landscaped roadway link between Jamestown Island, Colonial Williamsburg, and Yorktown Battlefield as part of Colonial National Monument, authorized in 1930.
A new era for National Parkways began with authorization of the Blue Ridge and Natchez Trace Parkways during the 1930s. These were not fairly short county or metropolitan parkways serving a variety of local and national traffic but protected recreational roadways traversing hundreds of miles of scenic and historic rural landscape. These different National Parkways started out as public works projects during the New Deal and were transformed into units of the National Park System.
Following President Roosevelt's election Congress quickly enacted the National Industrial Recovery Act of 1933 to stimulate the economy. Among other provisions it authorized the Public Works Administrator, Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes, to prepare a comprehensive program of public works. Senator Harry F. Byrd of Virginia, aided by others, seized the opportunity to propose the construction of a scenic roadway linking Shenandoah and Great Smoky Mountains National Park as a public works project.
The Blue Ridge Parkway is considered by many to be a Service triumph in parkway design, providing the motorist with a serene environment conducive to leisurely travel and enjoyment while affording him many insights into the beauty, history, and culture of the Southern Highlands. The parkway, sometimes called a grand balcony, alternates sweeping views of mountain and valley with intimate glimpses of the fauna and flora of the Blue Ridge and close-up views of typical mountain structures, like Mabry's Mill, built of logs by pioneers and still operating.
The Natchez Trace Parkway is the second major National Parkway, a projected roadway through a protected zone of forest, meadow, and field which generally follows the route of the historic Natchez Trace from Nashville, Tennessee, to Natchez, Mississippi. The Old Natchez Trace was once an Indian path, then a wilderness road, and finally from 1800 to 1830 a highway binding the old Southwest to the Union. The parkway was completed in 2003 with the final link south of Nashville, Tenneesee. The parkway links historic and natural features including Mount Locust, the earliest inn on the Trace, Emerald Mound, one of the largest Indian ceremonial structures in the United States, Chickasaw Village and Bynum Mounds in Mississippi, and Colbert's Ferry and Metal Ford in Tennessee.
Recreational demonstration areas.
Among many other features, the National Industrial Recovery Act authorized federal purchases of land considered submarginal for farming but valuable for recreation purposes. By 1936, 46 projects containing had been set up in 24 different states, mostly near metropolitan centers, to provide outdoor recreation for people from crowded cities. It was intended from the beginning that most of these projects would be turned over to states and cities for operation and in 1942 Congress provided the necessary authority. By 1946 most of the conveyances had been completed. The National Park Service retained Catoctin Mountain Park, site of Camp David, but 4,500 of its acres were transferred to Maryland. Prince William Forest Park (formerly Chopawamsic) was retained as a unit administrated by National Capital Parks.
Some recreational demonstration lands were also added to Acadia, Shenandoah, White Sands, and Hopewell Village. Now largely forgotten, recreational demonstration projects left several permanent marks on the National Park System and illustrated again the ability of the Service to help meet changing social and economic conditions in the nation.
Reservoir-related Recreation Areas.
Lake Mead was the first National Recreation Area. The Boulder Canyon Project Act, passed in 1928, authorized the Bureau of Reclamation to construct Hoover Dam on the Colorado River. Work began in 1931 and the dam, highest in the Western Hemisphere, was completed in 1935. The next year, under provisions of an agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation, the National Park Service assumed responsibility for all recreational activities at Lake Mead.
Coulee Dam National Recreation Area (now called Lake Roosevelt National Recreation Area) was established in 1946, under an agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation patterned after Lake Mead. Construction of Grand Coulee Dam began in 1933 and the dam went into operation in 1941. It impounds a huge body of water named Franklin D. Roosevelt Lake, long with of shoreline.
Although Millerton Lake, California, Lake Texoma, Oklahoma-Texas, and the north unit of Flaming Gorge, Utah-Wyoming were administered by the Service for a time, the first was subsequently turned over to the State of California, the second to the Army Corps of Engineers, and the last to the Forest Service.
Three more National Recreation Areas established during the 1950s are still in the National Park System today. Shadow Mountain, adjoining the west entrance to Rocky Mountain National Park, embraces the recreational features of Lake Granby and Shadow Mountain Lake, two units of the Colorado-Big Thompson Project. Glen Canyon was established in 1958 to provide for recreational activities on Lake Powell formed behind Glen Canyon Dam on the Colorado River, one of the highest dams in the world. The Whiskeytown-Shasta-Trinity National Recreation Area, California, was established by Act of Congress in 1962. The National Park Service, however, administers the recreational facilities only at Whiskeytown Reservoir, while the Forest Service takes care of similar, more extensive facilities at Shasta and Trinity.
By 1964, application of the National Recreation Area concept to major impoundments behind Federal dams, whether constructed by the Bureau of Reclamation or the Corps of Engineers, appeared to be well accepted by Congress. Eight more reservations of this type were authorized as additions to the National Park System between 1964 and 1972.
National Seashores.
The first seashore recreation survey in the mid-1930s resulted in a recommendation that 12 major stretches of unspoiled Atlantic and Gulf Coast shoreline, with of beach, be preserved. World War II intervened and no action occurred before 1954. Then only one of the proposed areas was created: Cape Hatteras National Seashore, North Carolina. All but one — Cape Cod — had become commercial developments. A new shoreline surveys resulted in several major reports including Our "Vanishing Shoreline" (1955); "A Report on the Seashore Recreation Survey of the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts" (1955); "Our Fourth Shore, Great Lakes Shoreline Recreation Area Survey" (1959); and "Pacific Coast Recreation Area Survey" (1959). By 1972 fruits of this program included eight National Seashores and four National Lakeshores of which the first four were authorized before 1964.
The National Seashore concept reached the Pacific Coast in 1962 with authorization of Point Reyes, California, embracing more than forty miles of shoreline including historic Drakes Bay, Tomales Point, and Point Reyes itself. The National Seashore concept reached the Gulf Coast in 1962 also with authorization of Padre Island, Texas. This great shore island stretches for along the Texas coast from Corpus Christi on the north almost to Mexico on the south, and varies in width from a few hundred yards to about three miles (5 km). There is some private development at each end of the island.
The second 50 years; 1966-2016.
The 1960s brought about public awareness of America's natural and historical wealth. The Johnson Administration became the start of a 'park's for people' mindset. Director Hartzog has been the superintendent of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in St. Louis and was a supporter of public involvement and publicly accessible parks. It was the second 50 years that saw a significant increase in parks accessible to the general populations.
Redwood amendment.
‘Congress declares that the national park system, which began with establishment of Yellowstone National Park in 1872, has since grown to include superlative natural, historic, and recreation areas in every major region of the United States, its territories and island possessions; that these areas, though distinct in character, are united through their inter-related purposes and resources into one national park system as cumulative expressions of a single national heritage; that, individually and collectively, these areas derive increased national dignity and recognition of their superlative environmental quality through their inclusion jointly with each other in one national park system preserved and managed for the benefit and inspiration of all the people of the United States; and that it is the purpose of this Act to include all such areas in the System and to clarify the authorities applicable to the system. Congress further reaffirms, declares and directs that the promotion and regulation of the various areas of the National Park system, as defined in section Ic of this title, shall be consistent with and founded in the purpose established by section I of this title (the Organic Act provisions), to the common benefit of all the people of the United States. The authorization of activities shall be construed and the protection, management, and administration of these areas shall be conducted in light of the high public value and integrity of the National Park System and shall not be exercised in derogation of the values and purposes for which these various areas have been established, except as may have been or shall be directly and specifically provided by Congress.’ (16 USC Ia-I)
National Heritage Area.
Heritage areas were first established to identify regions having a common cultural impact on the development of the United States. The Potomac Heritage National Scenic Trail in the Virginia, Maryland and District of Columbia was established on March 28, 1983. Fourteen areas exited by November 12, 1996. Initially, all the heritage areas were in the east and northeast. Today, they exist from coast to coast. The entire State of Tennessee has been designated as the Tennessee Civil War Heritage Area
Urban recreation areas.
During the Richard Nixon presidency, public parks expanded with the creation of the two gateway parks. Golden Gate National Recreation Area in San Francisco became the western book end to Gateway National Recreation Area in New York City. Both were specifically created to serve these two major urban areas and create open space, rather than to preserve a specific scenic or cultural value.
Clinton years (1993-2000).
President Bill Clinton added 19 new units to the National Park System during his eight years in the White House.
Bush years (2001-2008).
President George W. Bush approved/created seven new units of the national park service during his eight years. In that period he also approved the deauthorization of the Oklahoma City National Memorial in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Obama years (2009-date).
President Barack Obama has approved three new National Park Units since taking office in January 2009 (through December 2010). As of January, 2011, five parks have been authorized by Congress with the intention of adding them to the National Park system upon land acquisition or monument completion. The National Park Service will end furloughs, known as sequestration, for US Park Police on June 1, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19187902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187902" title="Maple Street Historic District (Addison, New York)">
Maple Street Historic District (Addison, New York)

Maple Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Addison in Steuben County, New York. The district contains 42 contributing buildings (39 residences and three churches), two contributing structures (public squares), 23 contributing outbuildings (carriage houses, sheds, wellhouse, outhouse, garages), and four contributing objects (stone hitching posts). The district encompasses Addison's most prestigious residential enclave whose buildings face inward toward Curtis Square, Maple Street, and Wombough Square. It includes Church of the Redeemer, also listed on the National Register. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19187916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187916" title="Pieśniarz Warszawy">
Pieśniarz Warszawy

Pieśniarz Warszawy is a 1934 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187928" title="Ahmed Nadeem">
Ahmed Nadeem

Ahmed Nadeem (born 26 October 1976) is a United Arab Emirati cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium pace bowler, he has played for the United Arab Emirates national cricket team since 1997, including seven first-class and eight List A matches. He has represented his country in three ICC Trophy tournaments and three ACC Trophy tournaments.
Cricket career.
Born in Abu Dhabi in 1976, Ahmed Nadeem first played for the UAE at the 1997 ICC Trophy in Kuala Lumpur, his first match being against West Africa. It would be three years before he next played for them - the 2000 ACC Trophy in the UAE. He also played in that tournament in 2002 and 2004.
In 2001, he played in the 2001 ICC Trophy in Ontario and in the Hong Kong Cricket Sixes, a tournament he also played in the following year. In 2003, he played for an Emirates Cricket Board team in four matches against Pakistan A, and made his first-class and List A debut in 2004. His first-class debut was against Malaysia in the Intercontinental Cup and his List A debut was against Canada in the ICC 6 Nations Challenge.
He played for the UAE in the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland, also playing three matches against England A, matches in the 2005 Intercontinental Cup against Hong Kong and Nepal and an ACC Fast Track Countries Tournament match against Hong Kong.
After being absent from the team in 2006, he played for them in 2007, playing four Intercontinental Cup matches, including two against Scotland. He also played an ACC Premier League match against Malaysia and against a Scotland XI and twice against a Canadian Invitation XI, which was his last appearance for his country to date.
Cricket statistics.
In his seven first-class matches, Ahmed Nadeem has scored 143 runs at an average of 14.30 with a top score of 34 for the UAE against Hong Kong. He has taken 17 wickets at an average of 23.52 with best innings bowling figures of 5/84 for the UAE against Scotland. In List A cricket he has scored 71 runs at an average of 14.20 with a top score of 24 for the UAE against the USA and taken twelve wickets at an average of 22.33 with best innings bowling figures of 5/32 also for the UAE, against the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19187945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187945" title="List of composers of Caribbean descent">
List of composers of Caribbean descent

This is a list of composers of Caribbean descent. The Caribbean is a region consisting of the Caribbean Sea, its islands (most of which are enclosed by the sea), and the surrounding coasts. The region is located southeast of the Gulf of Mexico and North America, east of Central America, and to the north of South America. The Caribbean has produced many notable composers, who have contributed in a variety of ways to the history of Western classical music. 

</doc>
<doc id="19187949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187949" title="Hickory Grove, Horry County, South Carolina">
Hickory Grove, Horry County, South Carolina

Hickory Grove is an unincorporated community in Horry County, South Carolina, United States, along South Carolina Highway 905. Hickory Grove is located west of Conway and east of Longs.

</doc>
<doc id="19187957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187957" title="Church of the Redeemer (Addison, New York)">
Church of the Redeemer (Addison, New York)

The Church of the Redeemer is an historic Episcopal church and parsonage located at 1 Wombaugh Square in Addison, Steuben County, New York. The complex includes a Carpenter Gothic style board and batten church constructed in 1859. It is included in the Maple Street Historic District.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. The Church of the Redeemer is still an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Rochester. The Rev. Canon Donald Evans is the current rector.

</doc>
<doc id="19187960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187960" title="Love, Cherish, Respect">
Love, Cherish, Respect

Love, Cherish, Respect (Kocha, lubi, szanuje) is a 1934 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19187969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187969" title="Branding agency">
Branding agency

A branding agency is a type of communication expert which specializes in creating and launching brands as well as rebranding. Branding agencies create, plan and manage branding strategies, independent of their clients. Branding agencies may also handle advertising and other forms of promotion.
A branding agency is not to same as marketing agency. Branding is the process of developing the company's brand; including the name, identity system and messaging platform. The brand message is then applied to marketing campaigns and collateral, which are intended to spread that brand message.
As with advertising agencies, typical branding agency clients come from all sectors including businesses and corporations, non-profit organisations and government agencies. Branding agencies may be hired to produce a brand strategy or, more commonly, a brand identity, which can then be output via a branding campaign, which is a type of marketing campaign.
Branding agencies create branding materials that define who a company is to their customers, differentiate the company from competitors, and communicate the unique value the company provides. 
References.
Branding agency also gets into understanding the philosophy and culture of the company and communicating it to the customers and more importantly the employees. For this each and every communication point, office space is to be utilised.

</doc>
<doc id="19187970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187970" title="Scarpetta">
Scarpetta

Scarpetta can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187979" title="2001–02 Greek Cup">
2001–02 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 2001–02 was the 60th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
Final.
The 60th Greek Cup Final was played at the Athens Olympic Stadium "Spyridon Louis".

</doc>
<doc id="19187985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187985" title="KJCS">
KJCS

KJCS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19187986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187986" title="Dein Perry">
Dein Perry

Dein Perry (b. Newcastle, Australia) is an award-winning Australian actor, dancer and choreographer best known for his work with "Tap Dogs" and the Sydney 2000 Olympics.
Early life and career.
Perry grew up in Newcastle. He received dance lessons from the age of four. He left school at the age of sixteen to work as a steel fitter and turner, before moving to Sydney a year later to pursue dance After achieving success as a tap dancer, he moved into choreography and directing.His shows often feature the 'steel cities' of Newcastle and his Australian youth.
Sydney 2000 Olympics Opening Ceremony.
Perry choreographed a tap dance segment of the Sydney 2000 Olympics Opening Ceremony. The dance troupe was led by "Bootmen" and "Tap Dogs" dancer Adam Garcia. 
Awards.
Perry won the Laurence Olivier Award for two consecutive years (in 1995 and 1996). At the time he was the youngest person to do so. 

</doc>
<doc id="19187990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187990" title="Akiva Govrin">
Akiva Govrin

Akiva Govrin (, born 12 August 1902, died 26 June 1980) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister between December 1963 and January 1966, and was the country's first Minister of Tourism.
Biography.
Born in the Podolia region of the Russian Empire (today in Ukraine), Govrin was one of the founders of the HeHalutz movement in Ukraine. He made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine in 1922, and worked at Haifa Port and as a construction worker in Jerusalem, where he was one of the founders of the Jerusalem Workers' Council.
In 1925 he became a member of the actions committee of the Histadrut, and headed its unions department between 1943 and 1949. In 1949 he was elected to the Knesset on Mapai's list and was appointed chairman of the Labor committee. He was re-elected in 1951, 1955, 1959 and 1961. On 1 December 1963 he was appointed Minister without Portfolio, and when Levi Eshkol formed a new government in December 1964, Govrin became the country's first Minister of Tourism. 
Although he retained his seat in the 1965 elections, he was left out of the new cabinet. He lost his seat in the 1969 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19187991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187991" title="Autism Anglia">
Autism Anglia

Autism Anglia is an organization and registered charity that provides services to those affected by autism in Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk and Cambridge. It began life in 1973 when two sets of parents discovered there was no specialist autism services for their newly diagnosed children. Its first establishment (Doucecroft School) opened in 1977 and it opened adult services in 1983 when the original children grew up and it was realized that there was no specialized adult autism provision for them. 2008 The Essex Autistic Society took over the Norfolk Autistic Community Housing Association and the Norfolk Autistic Society and changed the name of the new charity to Autism Anglia to better reflect the enlarged area of operation. In 2013 Autism Anglia took over the Cambridge based charity East Anglian Autistic Support Trust (EAST).
Its head office is in Colchester, Essex, and it has local offices in Dereham, Norfolk. Autism Anglia provides education, care and support to people with autism from all across the United Kingdom. It also provides Further Education services, Adult Residential, Supported Living, Outreach and Family Support.
In October 2007 with encouragement and support from the three county police forces Autism Anglia introduced an Alert Card scheme in Essex, Suffolk and Norfolk. The card provides an easy and discrete way of explaining the holder's possibly unusual behaviour. In March 2009 the scheme was extended into Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire with the support of the local police forces. The cards are designed to be easily identifiable to emergency services and offer some simple advice, the person’s name and emergency contact details.
Either directly through its schools, adult residential homes, adult day centres, supported living, outreach services or indirectly through its family support teams, Autism Anglia now provides help to over 5,000 people with autism and their families in East Anglia. It also provides training and support to police and other emergency services to develop a better understanding of autism spectrum conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="19187994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187994" title="New Kids on the Block (TV series)">
New Kids on the Block (TV series)

New Kids on the Block is an animated television series featuring the adventures of the New Kids on the Block. The series lasted a season from 1990–1991 on ABC. Beginning the following year, The Disney Channel showed the series in reruns from October 12, 1991 to 1993.
Though the group appeared in live action clips, the voices of the New Kids were done by other voice actors, due to licensing reasons. "You Got It (The Right Stuff)" was the opening theme, while an instrumental version of "Step by Step" was the closing theme.
Plot.
The series focuses on the group's misadventures along with their managers, who are based on their real-life manager Maurice Starr.
Episodes.
1: "The New Kid In The Class" (September 8, 1990)
2: "Sheik of My Dreams" (September 15, 1990)
3: "In Step...Out of Time" (September 22, 1990)
4: "Cow-A-Bunka" (September 29, 1990)
5: "Kissed, Missed and Double D'ist"
6: "D'ist Dream Date"
7: "Hot Dog"
8: "Overnight Success"
9: "The Legend of the Sandman"
10: "New Heroes On The Block"
11: "New Kids on The Old Block"
12: "The New Kids Off The Wall"
13: "Rewind Time"
14: "Christmas Special" (December 14, 1990)*

</doc>
<doc id="19187997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187997" title="Bungee trampoline">
Bungee trampoline

A bungee trampoline (also known as a bungy trampoline) is an attraction at many fairs, vacation resorts and several summer camps. There are many different designs of bungee trampolines, but most operate in the same fashion. The participant puts on a bungee trampoline harness and is then hooked to several bungee ropes. Those ropes are attached to poles or bars reaching an average of fifteen feet above the trampoline platform. As the participant jumps higher and higher the bungee ropes are moved up the poles allowing the participant to reach heights and do flips and other maneuvers that would otherwise be impossible on a regular trampoline.
A bungee trampoline is a mechanical amusement attraction which contains a support structure of 3 to 8 m in height or 10 to 26 feet, a pulley system to anchor and retract bungee cords, a trampoline the jumper will bounce on, a harness to attach the jumper to the cords and structure, and a winch—either electric or manual—to put tension on the bungee cords by pulling on them through the pulleys.
Bungee trampolines are used at fairs, malls, summer-winter camps, at the beach, and for amusement and birthday party rentals. Some cruise ships have bungee trampolines on board. There are different models that range in ease of use and also in ease of setup. Some are on trailers and have single trampoline mats, some are doubles, and then there are the four, five and six versions.
All bungee Trampolines operate under the same principle. The participant puts on a bungee trampoline harness according to his/her waist size, and depending on the person's weight he/she hooked to the relative number of bungee ropes. Those ropes connect to a climbing rope which goes through a pulley system connected to the highest point on the jump structure and after connecting to an electric winch or manual winch. As the participant gains momentum, the operator puts more tension on the bungee ropes by using the hand controller to re-coil the winch and retract the rope, allowing the participant to reach heights as high as the structure or higher and do flips and other maneuvers that would otherwise be impossible on a regular trampoline for untrained people. There are hydraulic models along with winch models depending on the age and manufacturer of the unit.
Recently bungee trampolines have also been combined with spider towers, zip-lines, rock climbing walls, and other amusement equipment, to offer more entertainment options.

</doc>
<doc id="19187999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19187999" title="The Money List">
The Money List

The Money List is a revival of the American version of The Rich List, which lasted just one episode in its original American run. The game show premiered on June 13, 2009 on GSN with Fred Roggin serving as host. It is produced by 12 Yard.
Pilot episodes were taped in London between August 27 and 30, 2008 on the set of the British version, "Who Dares Wins". The rules and format are the same as the show which aired on Fox, but the top prize is $50,000, the same top prize amount used in the New Zealand and British versions.
"The Money List" is the first GSN original in the network's 15-year history to feature returning champions, a fact which received unanimous praise from critics.
It is unknown if the show will continue since the show has been removed from GSN's website.
However, the first three episodes are currently displayed on the GSN video page. The online game is also still displayed and playable.
Gameplay.
Two teams of strangers are paired up. Both teams sit in soundproof pods. When the pods are blue, they can hear what is happening outside; when it is red, they cannot.
The list subject is read out, and the host turns one pod red. The other team then makes a bid on how many right answers they can give. Their pod then turns red, and their opponents can either increase the bid or dare them to play. This process continues until one team is dared.
If the bidders make their bid, they win the list. If they make a mistake, then their opponents win the list. The first team to win two lists plays for the money.
If both teams win a list, a penalty shootout-style tiebreaker is played. The sound remains on in both pods, and the host reads out the subject for the round. The first team gives an answer, and if it is on the list, the opponents must give a correct answer or lose the game. If the first team gives a wrong answer, their opponents can win with a correct response.
Money List.
The winning team is given another list subject. The money that can be won is as follows:
At each level, the contestants may quit with the money they have accumulated; making a mistake at any point ends the game and nullifies any winnings from it. If a team quits or successfully gives all 15 answers, the money they have achieved is banked and can no longer be lost. There is no limit to the amount of money a team can accumulate or the amount of games they can play, as long as they continue to win front games.
Past lists.
Notes: Gary McCullers & Debbie Bernfeld became the first Money List team to give out an entire list, where they correctly answered all the US states with an Ocean Coastline, which there are 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19188001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188001" title="Black Pearl (1934 film)">
Black Pearl (1934 film)

Black Pearl ("Czarna perła") is a 1934 Polish romantic crime drama directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19188007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188007" title="Children, Incorporated">
Children, Incorporated

Children, Incorporated (CI) is a non-profit 501(c)(3) international child sponsorship organization based in Richmond, Virginia.
Children, Incorporated was founded in 1964 by Jeanne Clarke Wood, daughter of the noted philanthropists Dr. and Mrs. J. Calvitt Clarke. After personally witnessing the deprivation of children in Guatemala, Ms. Wood began writing letters and seeking assistance for the 95 children she met on her journey. This became the first Children Incorporated project.
Thanks to past and current supporters around the globe, Children Incorporated now has over 300 projects in 23 countries which serve over 15,000 children annually. To date, over 250,000 children have been provided opportunities for growth and education and experienced the support and encouragement Children Incorporated programs provide.
Children Incorporated envisions a world in which each and every child has the education, resources, and opportunity to build a better life.
Sponsorship Model.
How does it work?
Children Incorporated relies on donors and individual sponsors to provide opportunities to children around the world. Sponsorship provides an underprivileged child with basic necessities such as food, clothing, healthcare and education. For just $28a month, supporters can help to break the cycle of poverty and give a child hope for a brighter tomorrow.
As an international non-profit, Children Incorporated partners with other organizations that already have structure in areas of need. Affiliating with established orphanages, schools and childcare centers that have the staff to manage programs on a volunteer basis. By partnering with these organizations Children Incorporated is able to reduce administrative needs and stay true to its Vision. Over 300 volunteer coordinators drive programs throughout the United States and 22 foreign countries.
Noted Donors & Recognition.
Children, Incorporated’s most noted donor is poker professional, Barry Greenstein. Greenstein has chosen CI as his primary recipient of poker winnings and has donated over $1.5 million to the organization.
Dr. Richard Carlson also wrote about Children, Incorporated in two books in his Don’t Sweat the Small Stuff series. The two books, one of which was a New York Times Best Seller, are attributed as having encouraged over 4,000 individuals to sponsor a child through Children, Incorporated.
In 2012, singer/songwriter Rosanne Cash headlined the Richmond Folk Festival to commemorate her 25 years of sponsorship with the organization and raise local awareness.

</doc>
<doc id="19188009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188009" title="CJ de Villiers">
CJ de Villiers

Cornelius Johannes du Preez de Villiers, also known as CJ de Villiers (born 16 March 1986) is a South African cricketer. He is a tall (6'4") right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler, who plays for Free State and Titans cricket teams.
Career.
de Villiers made his first-class debut in 2006, scoring a total of 49 runs and taking one wicket for Free State in a match against Namibia. He followed 19 wickets in his debut season with a haul of forty in 2007–08, which left him as the sixth highest wicket-taker of the season.
In 2008 de Villiers played in South Africa A's unofficial Test series against Sri Lanka A, taking 5 for 36 during Sri Lanka's first innings in the second match.

</doc>
<doc id="19188015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188015" title="1997 Croatian Indoors">
1997 Croatian Indoors

The 1997 Croatian Indoors was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Dom Sportova in Zagreb in Croatia and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. It was the second editio of the tournament and took place from January 27 through February 2, 1997. Goran Ivanišević won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19188017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188017" title="Wipeout (2009 Australian game show)">
Wipeout (2009 Australian game show)

Wipeout, presented on air as Wipeout Australia, is an Australian game show, which is based on the U.S. game show of the same name. The game show premiered on the Nine Network on Tuesday 3 February 2009 at 7:30 pm for an initial run of eight episodes. The show was produced by Endemol Southern Star. The show is currently being re-aired on GO!, a Nine Network multi-channel.
Production.
Potential contestants had to fill out a 14 page application and attend auditions in Sydney, which were held on 2 August 2008. The 160 successful contestants then participated in the filming of the series over a period of one week starting 2 October 2008 at the international "Wipeout" obstacle course, located in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Post-Production began in Sydney in November 2008.
Presenters.
On 8 September 2008, it was announced that Kelly Landry has been given the on-location reporter role on the show. She is the only one of the three presenters to actually talk with contestants and observe their attempts to complete the various stages of the "Wipeout" course.
James Brayshaw, a sports presenter for the Nine Network, and actor Josh Lawson were announced as the two co-hosts on 26 November 2008. Brayshaw and Lawson provide commentary from within a studio setting.
Format.
"Wipeout Australia"'s format follows that of its American forerunner, although the initial number of contestants who compete in the first (Qualifier) round is 20, rather than 24. "(The UK version, "Total Wipeout" also begins with 20 rather than 24, and began broadcasting a month before its Australian counterpart in January 2009.)" Thus only eight competitors do not advance, rather than the half who are eliminated in the US show. Most of the competitors dress up in a costume and act like they are that person.
The twelve fastest competitors to complete the Qualifier advance to the Sweeper round, wherein they attempt to maintain their balance on a 3m-high metal pole while a rotating "Sweeper" arm tries to unseat them. After six players fall into the water, the remaining six advance; the sweeper arm continues to rotate however, with the last contestant standing winning a A$1,000 bonus.
The remaining six contestants then compete in the Dizzy Dummy round, where they are spun on the titular dummy and then required to navigate a short assault course. One player advances, and the remaining contestants are re-spun until the four finalists have been selected.
The dizzy dummy had been replaced with the Dreadmill, where contastants must try to walk through the treadmill to complete certain task with obstacles.
These four enter the Wipeout Zone, and attempt to complete the major final course in the fastest time. The winner is awarded A$20,000 in prize money.

</doc>
<doc id="19188019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188019" title="Korihait">
Korihait

Korihait (former Uudenkaupungin Urheilijat (UU)) is a Finnish basketball team from Uusikaupunki. It was formed in 1898 and has won one Finnish Championship (1990) and two Finnish Cups (1986, 1988). In 1994 UU had financial problems and it went to bankruptcy. After that Korihait took UU's place in the highest league.

</doc>
<doc id="19188029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188029" title="Cherry Grove Beach, South Carolina">
Cherry Grove Beach, South Carolina

Cherry Grove Beach, sometimes known as Cherry Grove, is neighborhood of the city of North Myrtle Beach in Horry County, South Carolina, United States. It lies along SC 9 and SC 65. The Cherry Grove Pier is a popular landmark of Cherry Grove. It was built early in the 1950s. It has weathered many hurricanes, and was remodeled and lengthened in 1999 after Hurricane Floyd. In 1968 Cherry Grove Beach merged with Windy Hill Beach, Ocean Drive Beach, and Crescent Beach to form the city of North Myrtle Beach. CGB is on the upper East side of NMB.

</doc>
<doc id="19188035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188035" title="1999–2000 Greek Cup">
1999–2000 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1999–2000 was the 58th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
Tournament details.
Totally 56 teams participated, 18 from Alpha Ethniki, 18 from Beta, and 20 from Gamma. It was held in 6 rounds, included final. An additional round was held between first and second, with 4 matches, in order that the teams would continue to be 16.
This year came back the phase of groups in the First round, after its provisional three-year suppression. Until quarter-finals, all matches were single. The most interesting round was Second ("Round of 16"), after drawing of Olympiacos against PAOK and Aris against Panathinaikos, with the home teams to take the qualification with difficulty.
Final was contested by AEK Athens, that had eliminated inter alia Olympiacos, and Ionikos, for first and unique until now time in their history, having favourable draws in their course to the Final, but also after a very difficult qualification from First round in the goals difference, after triple equivalence in standings with Leonidio and Panetolikos. However, the win with score 8–0 against Nafpaktiakos Asteras in quarter-finals was remarkable.
AEK Athens were awarded easy and rightly in their 12th win of competition. In remarkables of the Final was a goal of Demis Nikolaidis with hand, and while the result was still 0–0, that finally cancelled. Referee Giorgos Douros did not see that and allocated it, in order to correct afterwards his decision, after an indication of himself Nikolaidis.
First round.
The phase was played in a single round-robin format. Each win would gain 3 points, each draw 1 and each loss would not gain any point.
Group 9.
Marko and Neapoli qualified without matches in the Additional Round.
Second round.
Matches were held on 12 January 2000.
Quarter-finals.
First legs were held on 9–10 February–16th-17th 2000. Second legs on 1st-2 March-8th-9th.
Semi-finals.
First legs were held on 12 April 2000 and second were held on 19th.
Final.
The 58th Greek Cup Final was played at the Athens Olympic Stadium "Spyridon Louis".

</doc>
<doc id="19188044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188044" title="Vologne">
Vologne

The Vologne is a river of the Vosges department in France. It is tributary of the Moselle River. Its source is in the Vosges Mountains, on the northwestern slope of the Hohneck. It flows through the lakes of Retournemer and Longemer, and passes the villages of Xonrupt-Longemer, Granges-sur-Vologne, Lépanges-sur-Vologne and Docelles, finally flowing into the Moselle in Pouxeux.
Geography.
The Vologne flows through the lakes of Retournemer and lac de Longemer before receiving the Jamagne, a spillway of lake Gérardmer. It flows by Granges-sur-Vologne, receives the Corbeline, the Neuné (south of Bruyères) and the Barba at Docelles, then flows into the Moselle at Jarménil, 10 km upstream of Épinal. It is 50 km long and its Drainage basin has an area of 369 km².
Hydrology.
The Vologne is a substantial river, as a result of its neighbours in the region of the Vosges Mountains. Its flow rate has been observed for a period of 40 years at Cheniménil, a locality in the Vosges department situated slightly before its confluence with the Moselle. The river's watershed at that point is 355 km² (almost the entire watershed, which is 369 km²).
The interannual mean flow rate, or discharge of the Vologne at Cheniménil is 9.70 m³/s. 
The Vologne exhibits quite marked seasonal variations in flow rate, as is often seen in Eastern France, with winter-spring high water bringing the monthly flow rate to a level between 10.9 and 14.6 m³/s from November to April inclusive with a maximum in February. The low water for July to September brings the average monthly flow rate down 3.89 m³/s in August. Nonetheless these are only averages and there are significant fluctuations over short times.
Mean monthly flow rate (in m³/s) measured at the Cheniménil hydrological station - data calculated over 40 years 
At low water, the 3-year low instantaneous flow rate can drop to 0.99 m³/s in the case of a dry five-year period, which is low but normal for Eastern French regions.
Flooding of the Vologne can also be significant. Thus the maximum instantaneous flow rate recorded was 143 m³/s on 9 April 1983, while the maximum daily average flow rate was 108 m³/s the following day. The instantaneous maximal flowrate 2 (IMFR2) et IMFR5 metrics were 61 and 85 m³ respectively. The IMFR10, or flow rate calculated from the ten-year flood, is 100 m³/s, the IMFR20 is 120 m³/s and the IMFR50 was 140 m³/s. These values are of the order of a fifth of the those of the Meurthe, and thus comparable when one takes into account the respective extents of their watersheds. It also appears from this that the floods of April 19 discussed above were of the order of 50-year floods, i.e. which might be expected to occur twice per century.
The Vologne is a very substantial river despite the relative smallness of its basin. The rainfall of the Vosges region which feeds it is also very significant. The runoff curve number in its watershed is 868 mm annually which is very high, almost three times the ensemble average over France, and almost twice the French basin of the Moselle (445 mm at Hauconcourt). The specific flow rate reaches 27.4 litres per second per square kilometre of basin.
Water quality.
In 2006, the Rhine-Meuse water agency assigned the Vologne's water analysed at the level of Jarménil, a quality rating of 1B, or "bonne" (good) during each of the years in the ten-year period 1997-2006, except in 2002, when the river achieved level 1A, or "très bonne" (very good). In 2006 a slightly excessive level of ammonium (NH+) ions were observed, but with an oxygen saturation of 79% (or 7.9 mg/l) the oxygenation was sufficient.
History and economy.
Until the beginning of the 20th century, the famous "pearls of the Vologne" were harvested. Their harvest is attested from the 16th century. The pearls, rather small, were prized by the bourgeoisie and the nobility up until the 19th century, at which time their rarity caused interest to wane. Pearl fishing was regulated and overseen by ""gardes-perles"" watchers. The name of lordly residence which dominates Cheniménil, the "Château sur Perle", refers to the old pearl industry.
The molluscs which produce these pearls are called freshwater pearl mussels (scientific name "Margaritifera margaritifera"). They measure about 11 by 5 cm and have a life expectancy of about 80 years. This substantial lifetime gives rise to a very slow regeneration rate for the population, which in turn explains the quasi-disappearance of the species owing to fishing, certainly, but also to the pollution of the river by textile factories. 
The textile industry itself has now almost disappeared, and while this is a cultural, economic and social setback, it has afforded the Vologne a steady improvement in water quality over recent years. Its high trout population density won it the right to hold certain rounds of the World Fly Fishing Championships in July 2002. 
The upper Vologne valley is a popular destination for tourism in the Vosges department. Places to visit there, aside from the lakes, include the "Saut des Cuves" cascade on an ancient glacial lock, and the "Pont des Fées" (Fairies' Bridge) built in 1763.
The Vologne is classed as a "cours d'eau de première catégorie" (category 1 watercourse) over the whole of its length.
Grégory Villemin.
On 16 October 1984, the body of a four-year old, Grégory Villemin, was found in the Vologne near Docelles. The case was highly publicised in France and became known as the "Affaire Grégory". In 2012 the case had not yet been solved.
Environmental protection.
The site known as "de la Vallée de la Vologne" has been protected since 8 December 1910. Only the part within the commune of Granges (about 4.5 km) benefits from protection. This valley is flanked by two steep slopes rising from 250 to 300  which are covered from the base to the summit with ancient trees, enormous rocks or scree. The Vologne flows at the foot of the valley, past naturally growing trees and dark rocks which line its route. The river, the railway line and the road occupy the bottom of the valley, whose width, at certain places, is no more than 20–25 m; the slopes are so close to each other that the sun can barely penetrate.

</doc>
<doc id="19188046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188046" title="Take Back the City">
Take Back the City

"Take Back the City" is a song from alternative rock band Snow Patrol's fifth album "A Hundred Million Suns". It was released as the lead single from the album on different dates in October 2008, depending on the region. The lyrics were written by Gary Lightbody and the music was composed by Snow Patrol. The song has positive lyrics, and is about the Lightbody's love for Belfast. The song has been officially remixed once, by Lillica Libertine, and it appeared as a b-side to the single.
The single received mixed reviews, and was generally not considered Snow Patrol's return to form. Critics were generally displeased with how similar the song sounded to the songs on the band's previous album "Eyes Open", when the band was claiming that the new album was a departure from their earlier work. The lyrics, though, were praised for their depth. The single was quite successful in the charts, charting in the Top 5 in Ireland and Top 10 in the UK. The single also appeared in the Top 40 in a further five countries. Furthermore, it topped the Triple A chart in the United States, a feat which would later be achieved by "Crack the Shutters".
Background.
At the time of the release of the album, SP.com posted a section featuring lead singer and lyricist Gary Lightbody discussing the new songs, which was initially a Lightbody interview to RTÉ. About "Take Back the City", he said that though the song was inspired by Belfast and Northern Ireland in general, it applied to every other city and the relationship its inhabitants have with it. He said that it's "about the reasons why I grew up confused by my country and the reasons now why I love it so". Lightbody, who grew up in Belfast added that our native place has a big hand in what we became. Lightbody has also mentioned that the "rawness of the song came from Hansa and Berlin".
In an interview to Q in November 2008, Lightbody commented that the song was about his love for the place (Belfast) rather than the conflicts that have taken place. He shed light on the lyrics. The lyric "All these years later and it's killing me/Your broken records and words" refers to the city's past and the phrase "broken records and words" is a metaphor for "the politicians saying no". Lightbody added the after-effects of the past could still be seen in the city, but it's advancing rapidly, and it's a "fully functional, vibrant, European city these days". The phrase "pick a side, pick a fight, but get your epitaph right" is about how Lightbody doesn't understand why the conflict was taking place. He didn't understand why anyone would want to fight. He added that "I'm not fighting anyone for anything, because I don't hate anyone". "I love this city tonight, I love this city always/It bares its teeth like a light, and spits me out after days" is about the city's buzzing music scene. Lightbody revealed that he was always discovering new bands. The lyric "Tell me you never wanted more than this/And I will stop talking now" was a kind of lyric Lighbody said would be present in every song he'd write. He said that the song becomes a "modern love story in the blink of an eye" because of it. He further commented that the whole album was about being in love, and admitted it was a change in style for him.
In another interview for "The Sunday Times", Lightbody stated that the "song's spiky solo and chunky chord work were inspired by old Tom Petty and Cars records". He added that though the band preferred to write about current events, they seldom liked to "luxuriate in the past". Bruce Springsteen was also an influence, as the band were listening to his work at the time of recording the album.
Promotion and release.
The band organized a competition for fans in the United States to make a video about their city, with guitarist Nathan Connolly appearing in a video announcing the competition. Videos were to be uploaded to a group specially created for the competition on YouTube. One person could enter one video only, and to do this, a space of one month was provided - from 10 November 2008 12:01 a.m. PST to 10 December 2008 11:59 p.m. PST. The band/label selected the winners, who were notified through phone/e-mail.
The single was first played on the air on Zane Lowe's radio show on BBC Radio 1. Snow Patrol appeared on Channel 4's show T4 to perform the song on 5 October. A day after the single was released in the UK, the band appeared on Later... with Jools Holland, to perform a few tracks for the then upcoming album (including "Take Back the City"). The show saw the band appear alongside Tom Jones, Eliza Carthy, Norma Waterson and Friendly Fires. Additionally, the song made it to BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 2's A list, and subsequently got played twenty times a week. The song was released as a downloadable track for the Rock Band series. The song has also been featured on the Gossip Girl episode "Chuck in Real Life", which aired on 20 October 2008. The track featured on the compilation "Now That's What I Call Music! 71".
The song was released digitally worldwide through iTunes, with a digital single released on 5 October. The single was released on the German iTunes on 10 October. Physically, the single was released in Ireland, Germany and Belgium on 10 October, in the UK and Rest of Europe on 13 October, and in Australia on 11 October. The single was released in two formats, CD and 7" Vinyl and saw a limited release. They were made available in shops for a week, and could be purchased from the online SP store or HMV. The 7" single had two versions, one containing a live version of "Set the Fire to the Third Bar" and the other containing a "Lillica Libertine Remix" of "Take Back the City" as a b-side. At the SP store, all three singles could be bought as a bundle for £5. The CD single was backed by the previously unreleased b-side "The Afterlife". In the Netherlands, the single was released on 17 October.
Music video.
The video is stop-motion shots of London skyscrapers and Gary Lightbody walking through the city streets, taken by the band's photographer Cedric, which are interspersed with scenes of the band performing the song on their instruments, filmed in the Millennium Mills. In a 'making of' video, Lightbody is heard saying that it "may be their best video yet".
Track listing.
Live track featuring Miriam Kaufmann recorded at Mencap's Little Noise Sessions at the Union Chapel, London on 25 November 2007.
Reception.
"Take Back the City" received generally mixed reviews. Daily Music Guide's James Brindle reviewed the single negatively and gave it 2 stars out of 5. He wrote that (the song) feels like Snow Patrol has run out of ideas, and the song sounded like a "re-hash" of "You're All I Have". He criticized the hook for being "average" and called the lyrics bland. He also called Lightbody's vocals banal and "more grating than usual". Yahoo! Music's Julian Marszalek wasn't too pleased either, calling the band "daddies of glum-rock". He noted the song was a faster-paced song than the band's previous work, and declared that "Gary Lightbody discovers his guitar can still be played in a vaguely meaningful manner while making a distorted noise." He went on to say the band "have discovered the majesty of rock", though "not in a Metallica kind of way", and "certainly not in the kind of way that'll clear the dinner party this will end up inevitably soundtracking, but in a nice, sensible, tuneful and tasteful way." He awarded the single 5 stars out of 10. Alex Fletcher of Digital Spy gave the single 3 stars out of 5. He wrote "it attempts to unite the group's new-found love for all things epic and U2-ish with their scruffier indie roots." He felt the guitar was predictable, but praised the lyrics for their depth, citing "It bares its teeth like a light and spits me out after days" as an example. musicOMH's Ryan Helfland was generally pleased with the song, though he had his criticisms. He felt the track was "a continuation of, as opposed to a departure from, the band's commercially viable (yet, at times, predictable) material on über-hit "Eyes Open"." But he also felt that "it conjures images of fans a-plenty bouncing along with the tune's pulsating rhythm, which should be gracing arena scoreboards shortly." He also said the single would likely be succeeded by "a fit-for-primetime television ballad", and "Snow Patrol are likely on the precipice of spectator domination."
However, there were reviewers that welcomed the song. "Billboard"'s Sven Phillip reviewed the single very positively. He said that the "guitar-driven anthem begins humbly, with Bowie-ish vocals dancing over a new wave-infused folk-rock beat." He praised the build up to the refrain, and felt that it was "delivered with the kind of understatement that makes melody-focused U.K. acts so exciting." "NME" reviewed the single positively as well, awarding it 7 stars out of 10. It called the song "pleasing" for being "more of a glammy power-rock ballad in the vein of '80s unit-shifters Starship or Roxette", rather than being "their typical dewy-eyed simperer." It also said that "you won't admit to liking it". The "Sunday Mail"s Avril Cadden reviewed the single positively as well, awarding it 3 stars out of 5, but called it "nothing new or unexpected". But she felt it had "a good tune that will keep their star shining brightly and get lots of radio play." She called the chorus "big" and felt that Gary Lightbody's vocals were "affective".
The single was successful on the charts, charting in ten countries around the world. Its highest peak was #4 in Ireland, where it spent a total of one week. Additionally, it spent ten weeks on the Irish Charts. In the UK, the single hit #6 as their fifth UK Top 10 single and stayed in the charts for eight weeks. The single is also notable for topping the Triple A chart in the United States. The next single taken from the album, "Crack the Shutters" would go on to achieve the same feat. The single hit the Top 40 in a further five countries: Australia, Belgium, New Zealand, Austria and Sweden. Till date, the single has spent a total of sixty-seven weeks on record charts around the world.
Use in "We're Backin' Belfast" Campaign.
In January 2013, Lightbody authorised the use of "Take Back the City" as the theme song for "Backin' Belfast", a marketing campaign to encourage shoppers and diners to return to Belfast city centre after seven weeks of the Belfast City Hall flag protests.
The campaign was supported by local politicians, business owners and local media. #backinbelfast and #takebackthecity were reportedly retweeted over 1.2 million times. Stephen Magorrian, Managing Director of Botanic Inns noted, "There were a lot of people in the city saying to me that they came in because of the campaign."
Lightbody told "The Belfast Telegraph" afterwards, in response to his involvement, "I do get defensive because a lot of people have a very warped idea of what Northern Ireland is because they only see the negative stuff."

</doc>
<doc id="19188051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188051" title="Réunion National Park">
Réunion National Park

Réunion National Park () is a national park on the island of Réunion, an overseas department of France located in the western Indian Ocean region. Established on 5 March 2007, the park protects the endemic ecosystems of Les Hauts, Réunion's mountainous interior. The park's core zone and part of its buffer zone were designated a World Heritage site in 2010, under the name "Pitons, cirques and remparts of Reunion Island".
Planning for the park.
Proposals to create a regional natural park were first raised beginning in 1992. Three years later, the Réunionnaise Environmental Charter and the Regional Development Plan formally established the principle that a park should be created in Les Hauts. The concepts of sustainable development were central to these proposals, which explicitly intended to combine protection of Réunion's natural and cultural heritage with promotion of economic development.
On 6 November 2000, the Minister of the Environment and Regional Planning Dominique Voynet launched the process to create a national park on Réunion. Subsequently, on 7 February 2001, a working agreement was signed to guide efforts toward establishing the park.
After an intense period of studies, debates, dialogue, and negotiations, the steering committee issued its report on 12 March 2003. "The Les Hauts National Park Project" outlined ambitions and principles for the creation of a "national park for a new generation". It was shortly before the final public hearing at the end of 2006 that the working name of Les Hauts National Park was dropped in favor of Réunion National Park.
The park officially came into existence on 5 March 2007 through a decree taken after advice by the Council of State, with a formal inauguration on 9 July. In its final form, the new national park incorporated two pre-existing nature reserves:
Park mission.
Réunion National Park's core mission is to safeguard the island's endemic species, in contrast to Guiana Amazonian Park in French Guiana, which was established at the same time, but in order to protect the biodiversity within its boundaries. The number of endemic species on the island is triple that of Hawaiʻi, and four times that of the Galapagos.
Management.
Budget and structure.
The park began with a budget of €2 million in its first year. As its activities expand, the budget is slated to progressively increase to €8 million. Park headquarters is at La Plaine-des-Palmistes.
The park is governed by an administrative council composed of 88 members. The administrative council elects 15 from among its members to serve as an executive committee. They are advised by a scientific council composed of 18 members and 5 outside experts. Plans additionally call for the creation of an economic, social, and cultural council.
Management issues.
The park administration has supported exploration for geothermal power sources on the Plaine des Sables, against the advice of the scientific council and despite the fact that the park may soon be proposed as a World Heritage Site.

</doc>
<doc id="19188052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188052" title="Darren Murray">
Darren Murray

Darren Murray (born 25 January 1974, in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Career.
Murray began his senior career with Cowdenbeath. He had a short spell with Maryhill, and in the summer of 1998, he was part of the Junior revolution which swept through Clyde, being one of eleven players coming from the junior ranks to join the Bully Wee. He was a key figure in the team which won the Scottish Second Division championship in 2000.
Murray left Clyde in 2001 in order to join the police.

</doc>
<doc id="19188057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188057" title="Paisley by-election, 1948">
Paisley by-election, 1948

The Paisley by-election, 1948 was a parliamentary by-election held on 18 February 1948 for the British House of Commons constituency of Paisley in Scotland. 
The election was a straight fight between Douglas Harold Johnston for Labour and James McCormick, a National candidate with the support of the Conservative Party and the Liberal Party, with Johnston emerging the winner by 6,545 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19188068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188068" title="Police Chief Antek">
Police Chief Antek

Police Chief Antek (Antek policmajster) is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19188094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188094" title="Jumhooree Party">
Jumhooree Party

The Republican Party ("Jumhooree party") is a political party in the Maldives. The party was founded by a group of MPs on May 26, 2008, and grew quickly, rapidly overtaking the Maldivian Democratic Party to become the largest opposition party in the Majlis.
The party's leader is Ahmed Nashid. Its 2008 presidential candidate is businessman and former finance minister Qasim Ibrahim.

</doc>
<doc id="19188104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188104" title="Frank Wilbert Stokes">
Frank Wilbert Stokes

Frank Wilbert Stokes, also known as Frank Stokes, Frank W. Stokes and F. W. Stokes (November 27, 1858–1955) was an American sketch artist and painter who specialized in illustrations of arctic and antarctic themes. A large collection of his works is now in the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Biography.
Stokes was born in Nashville, Tennessee, USA in 1858.
He studied art at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts under Thomas Eakins. Later on Stokes spent nine years in England and France where he in Paris studied at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts under Jean-Léon Gérôme, the Académie Colarossi under Raphaël Collin and the Académie Julian under Gustave Boulanger. Besides classical training in style and technique he also was influenced by impressionist style.
Stoke participated in expeditions to northern Greenland under Robert Peary during 1886 and 1892 - 1894.
In 1902 he joined the "Antarctic" on the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Otto Nordenskjöld.
In 1909 and 1910 Stokes completed mural decorations at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City.
During 1925 - 1926 he joined the Amundsen-Ellsworth expeditions.
Stokes had a number of exhibitions during his career, some which were held at the "Brooklyn Institute Museum of Arctic and Antarctic Pictures" in 1894, the "Art Institute of Chicago" February 27 through March 16, 1900 and in "New York City" December 21 through January 22, 1925-1926.
Stokes died in New York City, New York in 1955.
Works by Stokes.
Sketches (selected)
Oilpaintings (selected)

</doc>
<doc id="19188115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188115" title="Market Street Historic District (Corning, New York)">
Market Street Historic District (Corning, New York)

Market Street Historic Districtis a historic district located at Corning in Steuben County, New York.
It was originally listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and its boundaries were increased in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19188116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188116" title="São Sebastião do Paraíso">
São Sebastião do Paraíso

São Sebastião do Paraíso is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2010 was 64,980 people living in a total area of 822 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of São Sebastião do Paraíso. It became a municipality in 1870. The city and surrounding area are famous for the growing of high-quality coffee. It also ranks high in the country for its quality of life.
Location.
The city center of São Sebastião do Paraíso is located at an elevation of 991 meters in a fertile region between the state boundary of São Paulo and the great reservoir of Furnas. Neighboring municipalities are: São Tomás de Aquino (NW), Capetinga (N), Pratápolis (NE), Fortaleza de Minas (E) Jacuí (SE), Monte Santo de Minas (S), Itamogi, Santo Antônio da Alegria and Altinópolis (SW), and Patrocínio Paulista (W).
Statistical Micro-region.
São Sebastião do Paraíso is a statistical micro-region consisting of 14 municipalities: Arceburgo, Cabo Verde, Guaranésia, Guaxupé, Itamogi, Jacuí, Juruaia, Monte Belo, Monte Santo de Minas, Muzambinho, Nova Resende, São Pedro da União, São Sebastião do Paraíso, and São Tomás de Aquino. In 2000 the population was 245,490 inhabitants living in a total area of 5,159.70 km².
Geographical Facts.
Altitude 
Temperature
'"Average annual rainfall: 
1,690mm
Terrain
Main Rivers 
Distances
Demographics.
Ethnic Origin.
"Source: Censo 2000"
Economic activities.
Industry is the main economic activity of the municipality and is mainly centered in the production of surgical material, clothing (mainly lingerie), and leather goods, from tanning to the manufacture of shoes. In 2005 384 transformation industries employing 6,165 workers. Other sectors were the retail sector employing 4,693 workers, public administration employing 1,307, and health services employing 878 workers. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$577 million, with 63 from taxes, 343 million reais from services, 104 million reais from industry, and 68 million reais from agriculture.
The region is a major producer of coffee and milk products. There were 968 rural producers on 55,000 hectares of land, meaning that the size of the landholdings was relatively small. Approximately 8,400 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee (13,000 hectares), sugarcane, figs, peaches, citrus fruits, rice, beans, and corn (15,000 hectares). There were 44,000 head of cattle, of which 16,000 were milk cows (2006).
There are 9 banks (2007): Banco ABN AMRO Real, Banco do Brasil, Bradesco, HSBC Bank Brasil S/A, Caixa Econômica Federal, Banco Itaú, Banco Mercantil do Brasil, ParaísoCred, and Credipar.
In the vehicle fleet there were 14,848 automobiles, 1,237 trucks, 1,264 pickup trucks, 135 buses, and 3,650 motorcycles (2007).
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 24 public health establishments and 24 private establishments which included 29 health clinics and 4 hospitals with 325 beds (2005). Educational needs of 14,100 students were met by 32 primary schools, 7 middle schools, and 30 pre-primary schools. 
In higher education there were 2 schools: Faculdade de Ciências Económics, Administração, e Contabilidade de São Sebastião do Paraíso - FACEAC, and Universidade de Alfenas - UNIFENAS - São Sebastião do Paraíso.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$324.00 was above the state average of R$276.00 and above the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19188134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188134" title="Natalia Boyarskaya">
Natalia Boyarskaya

Natalia Boyarskaya (born 27 February 1983) is an Russian professional racing cyclist. She represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Boyarskaya broke away from the main peloton in the road race and managed to build up a lead of 59 seconds, but had to stop when she couldn't see which way to choose. She was eventually caught and went on to finish 40th, and three days later she finished 16th in the time trial.
Palmarès.
2002

</doc>
<doc id="19188136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188136" title="Ionel Gane">
Ionel Gane

Ionel Tersinio Gane (born 12 October 1971) is a Romanian football manager and former footballer who currently manages Romanian side Corona Brașov in Liga I.
Playing career.
Born in Drănic, Gane played professionally in Romania for Universitatea Craiova, Electroputere Craiova, Dinamo Bucureşti, Rapid Bucureşti, and Argeş Piteşti; in Spain for CA Osasuna; in Switzerland for FC St. Gallen and Grasshopper Zürich; in China for Tianjin Kangshifu; and in Germany for VfL Bochum.
He also represented Romania at international level.
Coaching career.
In July 2009, he started working as assistant coach for FC Braşov. He was also an interim coach for FC Universitatea Craiova, during which time the club played a match against FC Dinamo Bucharest.
In September 2013, he became head coach of newly promoted in Liga I Corona Brașov.

</doc>
<doc id="19188139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188139" title="ABC miłości">
ABC miłości

ABC miłości ("ABC of Love") is a 1935 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19188143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188143" title="2006 PBZ Zagreb Indoors">
2006 PBZ Zagreb Indoors

The 2006 PBZ Zagreb Indoors was a men's tennis tournament held on indoor hard courts. It was the 3rd edition of the event (and the first since 1997, when the tournament was known as the "Croatian Indoors"). It was part of the ATP International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour. It took place at the Dom Sportova in Zagreb, Croatia from January 30 through February 6, 2006. Ivan Ljubičić won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19188156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188156" title="University American College Skopje">
University American College Skopje

The University American College Skopje (UACS) is a university established in 2005 in the Republic of Macedonia.
Infrastructure and technology.
The University has invested heavily in technology, furniture and other supporting infrastructure to enable smooth operation of the plant to foster greater understanding and learning amongst all students.
The premises of UACS encompass 4,000 m2.
As the student body enlarges, more facilities are allocated for their use and constant investment is needed to provide quality education for the student body. The University Library is constantly procuring new books for the student body, as well as the local community. The exclusive contract which was struck for right to purchase books from Pearson, Prentice Hall and their subsidiaries, has allowed students at UACS to purchase quality textbook at reasonable rates.
Library resources.
The library of UACS has 1500 titles or 6500 books.
Since 2008, the Library of UACS started with publishing. The first book which was issued is "Osnovi na Statistika" by Evica Delova, and after that UACS library has continued with publishing of other books: "Makroekonomija" by Tome Nenovski, "Decentralizacija na vlasta vo Republika Makedonija" by Sapuric Zoran, "Kon Univerzitetite od Tretata Generacija" by Hans Vizema, "Zivotna sredina I oddrzliv razvoj" by Zoran Sapuric, and others. Besides these books, the library has published a number of readers and scripts (23) and eight books in electronic form, according to the rules laid down by the home library (NUL) in Macedonia, which also contained in the Rules of Publishing UACS.
Student council.
The Student Council helps share students’ ideas, interests, and concerns with the teachers and principal. It also helps students raise funds for school wide projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19188158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188158" title="Gonzalo Nin Novoa">
Gonzalo Nin Novoa

Gonzalo Nin Novoa is a Uruguayan administrator, serving as chief of staff to the Vice President of Uruguay, Rodolfo Nin Novoa, serving in that office from 2005 to 2010.
Role and publicity.
Although not overtly a political figure, Gonzalo Nin Novoa has attracted wide media exposure regarding a number of issues. These issues include defence procurement and expense claims. Ostensible colleagues in the ruling government coalition, including Juan Domínguez, and others, became involved in hostile, public discussion of various activities of the Nin brothers, exemplifying some of the diversity and strains which existed within that coalition.
Defence procurement issues.
Gonzalo Nin Novoa's close identification with defence procurement issues, in a manner with which Leftist deputies in the ruling government coalition had reservations, left the Defence Ministry, led until March 2008 by Minister Azucena Berruti, with dilemmas and challenges. These included those of loyalty to President of Uruguay Tabaré Vázquez while being aware than many on the Uruguayan Left harboured little empathy with business issues relating to defence procurement.

</doc>
<doc id="19188176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188176" title="Jaśnie pan szofer">
Jaśnie pan szofer

Jaśnie pan szofer is a 1935 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19188193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188193" title="Arthur Markham (cyclist)">
Arthur Markham (cyclist)

Arthur Matthew Markham (1845 – 19 June 1917) was an English cyclist who won the first formal cycle race held in Britain
Biography.
Markham won what is said to be the first formal cycle race held in Britain. It was in a meadow at Brent Reservoir, known locally as the Welsh Harp, in north-west London on Whitsun Monday, 1 June 1868. Markham received a silver cup from the licensee of the Old Welsh Harp Hotel, William Perkins Warner, who had sponsored the race. In another source, Warner is named as Jack.
Markham opened a bicycle shop at nearby 345 Edgware Road in 1872. He had another in Station Approach, Shepherds Bush, London. Markham listed his occupation as an engineer in the 1881 census, his sister, Helen D. Markham was aged 23 and listed as a "bicycle maker".
The race was held the day after what is often referred to as the world's first race, in the park at St Cloud west of Paris. It was won by another Englishman, James Moore. His grandson, John, believes Moore is buried near the reservoir.
Markham used his winnings to take a coach to Bath where on 27 June 1868 he took part in another race and beat a rider called Abrahams, considered the favourite. Markham was a strong swimmer and saved a man from drowning in the River Avon, although it's not clear if this was on the same trip. The Royal Humane Society awarded him a parchment in recognition of his bravery, on 21 October 1868.
In 1878 Markham was a co-defendant in a court case about fraudulent velocipede races. In his summing up of a complex and entertaining case, the Lord Chief Justice said:
Markham has also been described as a professional runner. His son, A. G. Markham, broke the Road Records Association unpaced tricycle record for 100 miles with 5h 57m 22s in 1903. He was captain of the Bath Road Club in west London.

</doc>
<doc id="19188203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188203" title="Paisley by-election, 1961">
Paisley by-election, 1961

The Paisley by-election, 1961 was a parliamentary by-election held on 20 April 1961 for the British House of Commons constituency of Paisley in Scotland. 
The election was caused by the appointment of the sitting Labour member Douglas Harold Johnston as a Senator of the College of Justice, a judicial post. The candidates were John Robertson for the Labour Party, John Bannerman for the Liberals and G R Rickman for the Conservatives. Robertson held the seat for Labour with a reduced majority of 1,658 from the Liberal candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="19188204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188204" title="Craig Cranmer">
Craig Cranmer

Craig Cranmer (born 21 February 1968, in Johnstone) is a former Scottish footballer.
Career.
Craig Cranmer was a youth player with Duntocher Boys Club his local team in the city of Glasgow Scotland from 1976 to 1986 during which time they won the Scottish Juvenile Cup and the Scottish Youth Football Cup at Hampden Park. He joined Dumbarton F.C. in 1987 until 1989 making 27 first team appearances. He then joined Partick Thistle for a season but left without making a first team appearance before joining Albion Rovers for season 1991-92 making 13 first team appearances. After a break due to work commitments he joined Pollok Juniors where he made over 120 first team appearances and scored over 20 goals. During his time at Pollok he won The Scottish Junior Cup in 1997 and was capped for Scotland Juniors in 1998 at the International Tournament in Sligo, Ireland. He joined second division Clyde in 1998 until 2002 making over 100 appearances and scoring 7 goals. He left Clyde in March 2002 due to work commitments and retired from football. Scorer of two goals on the day Clyde clinched the Second Division title against Arbroath,"Boomer" had been struggling to train due to work commitments and felt that it was unfair to take a wage from the club. The Club later said on their website that they were full of praise for the manner in which Craig had handled the situation and considered what was best for the Club. They went on to say that Craig had always been a popular player and had left the Club with the good wishes of all the Clyde Supporters.

</doc>
<doc id="19188211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188211" title="Wilfried Lemke">
Wilfried Lemke

Wilfried Lemke (born on 19 August 1946) currently serves as United Nations Secretary-General’s Special Adviser on Sport for Development and Peace. He was appointed to the position by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 18 March 2008. 
Lemke has acquired extensive experience in sports and politics. Previously, he had acted as the Senator for the Interior and Sport and the Senator for Education and Science in the German State of Bremen. He had also managed Werder Bremen for 18 years, and had been in charge of fundraising and initiation of relief projects in the Commonwealth of Independent States and Eastern Europe. 
As Special Adviser on Sport for Development and Peace, Lemke is responsible for heading the efforts of the UN system in promoting understanding and support for sport as an instrument for development and peace as well as encouraging dialogue, collaboration and partnership. Since the International Year of Sport and Physical Education in 2005, United Nations Member States have better understood the role of sport in development and peace in their national legislation and policies.
The United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) is based at the United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) and has a liaison office within the Department of Economic and Social Affairs at New York Headquarters. On August 2010, the UNOSDP was honoured by the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) with the 2010 Monaco Charity Award.
Mr. Lemke obtained his degree in sport and educational sciences from Hamburg University. In September 2010, he has been awarded the title of Honorary Professor at the University of Western Cape, South Africa.
Mr.Lemke is today an Ambassador for Peace and Sport, a Monaco-based international organization, committed to serving peace in the world through sport.

</doc>
<doc id="19188214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188214" title="Eydon Road Halt railway station">
Eydon Road Halt railway station

Eydon Road Halt was a railway station on the link line between the Great Central Railway and the Great Western Railway's Birmingham - London line, leaving the Great Central at Culworth Junction to connect with Banbury Junction. The station opened in 1913 and closed in 1956.
History.
In 1893, the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (MS&LR) obtained Parliamentary approval for the extension of its line from Annesley in Nottingham to London. The final section of the extension saw the line connect with Metropolitan Railway's line at Quainton Road before returning to MS&LR metals at Finchley Road and continuing to Marylebone. Negotiations with the Metropolitan regarding running rights over its line came to deadlock prompting Sir William Pollitt, the MS&LR's general manager, to reach agreement with the Great Western Railway in March 1896 for a route to London via Banbury which would avoid the Metropolitan.
The link line, which ran for a distance of 8.25 miles, was opened without formality on 1 June 1900. The route had no intermediate stations but soon became an important freight route with 60,796 wagons exchanged between the MS&LR (now known as the Great Central) and the Great Western within the first six months of operation; by 1904 this figure had risen by 50%. Two passenger services each way were initially provided by the Great Western, with the Great Central later supplementing this service with three additional trains in each direction. The link was subsequently used for cross-country services, including Aberdeen to Penzance, Oxford to Leicester and Newcastle to Bournemouth.
In 1913, a halt was opened on the line at Eydon Road near Culworth and was in fact closer to the village than the Culworth station on the Great Central's main line, which was nearer Moreton Pinkney. Serving a rural area, the halt closed in 1956, and the last services to use the line ran in September 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19188235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188235" title="Chalcombe Road Halt railway station">
Chalcombe Road Halt railway station

Chalcombe Road Halt was a railway station on the link line between the Great Central Railway and the Great Western Railway's Birmingham - London line, leaving the Great Central at Culworth Junction to connect with Banbury Junction. The station, which served the nearby Northamptonshire village of Chacombe, opened in 1911 and closed in 1956.
History.
In 1893, the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (MS&LR) obtained Parliamentary approval for the extension of its line from Annesley in Nottingham to London. The final section of the extension saw the line connect with Metropolitan Railway's line at Quainton Road before returning to MS&LR metals at Finchley Road and continuing to Marylebone. Negotiations with the Metropolitan regarding running rights over its line came to deadlock prompting Sir William Pollitt, the MS&LR's general manager, to reach agreement with the Great Western Railway in March 1896 for a route to London via Banbury which would avoid the Metropolitan.
The link line, which ran for a distance of , was opened without formality on 1 June 1900. The route had no intermediate stations but soon became an important freight route with 60,796 wagons exchanged between the MS&LR (now known as the Great Central) and the Great Western within the first six months of operation; by 1904 this figure had risen by 50%. Two passenger services each way were initially provided by the Great Western, with the Great Central later supplementing this service with three additional trains in each direction. The link was subsequently used for cross-country services, including Aberdeen to Penzance, Oxford to Leicester and Newcastle to Bournemouth.
The line crossed the Northamptonshire–Oxfordshire county boundary five times between and ; at its closest approach to Chacombe, it was on the Oxfordshire side of the boundary, within the parish of Cropredy. A small halt (situated between Chacombe and Coton Farm) was opened on 17 April 1911 and named Chalcombe Road Halt. Serving a rural area, the halt closed on 6 February 1956, and the line itself closed on 4 September 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19188238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188238" title="Karen Bruce">
Karen Bruce

Karen Bruce is a director and award winning choreographer.
Recent work includes direction and choreography of Midnight Tango, choreography on Strictly Come Dancing 2011/12/13, and on the second series of So You Think You Can Dance for the BBC. Karen won an Olivier Award for her Choreography of Pacific Overtures at the Donmar Warehouse and Best Choreographer at Premios del Teatro Musical for her work on Saturday Night Fever. She is notable for her acclaimed choreography for the Take That musical, Never Forget, directing and choreographing the UK productions of Footloose The Musical and Fame on tour and in the West End.
Karen is represented by www.cmplimited.com
Theatre credits include.
As Director / Choreographer: Midnight Tango (Director/Choreographer, west end and UK tour 2010/2011/2012/2013; Strictly Come Dancing – The Professionals (UK tour); Footloose The Musical (West End/ UK tour/ South Africa); Saturday Night Fever (Associate director/ choreographer, West End/ UK tour/ Australia/ Singapore/ Korea/ South Africa/ Spain); Fame (Shaftesbury Theatre/ UK tour); The Wedding Singer (UK tour) and Oliver! (Bermuda).
As Choreographer.
PACIFIC OVERTURES (Donmar Warehouse, Olivier Award Best Choreographer); NEVER FORGET (Savoy Theatre/ UK tour); THE PRODUCERS (Stage Entertainment, Spain); BRIGHTON ROCK (Almeida); FAR PAVILIONS (West End); ANNIE GET YOUR GUN (No 1 UK tour); DR DOLITTLE (UK tour); A CHORUS LINE and SWEET CHARITY (both Sheffield Crucible with SWEET CHARITY winning the TMA Best Musical award); CHESS (Budapest); Opening Ceremony at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
External links.
represented by www.cmplimited.com

</doc>
<doc id="19188245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188245" title="Wacuś">
Wacuś

Wacuś is a 1935 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19188268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188268" title="Southside Historic District">
Southside Historic District

Southside Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19188272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188272" title="Aquatots">
Aquatots

The Aquatots was the name given to American children Russell "Bubba" Tongay, Jr. and his sister Kathy Tongay due to their ability to complete daring swimming feats at a very young age during the early 1950s. He was 7 years old and she was 6 when Kathy was killed by her father in 1953.
Beginning.
Russell Tongay, the children's father, began training Kathy and Bubba at a very young age. "Time" magazine reported, in 1953, that by ten months old Kathy could swim 20 feet deep. By the time the children were 17 months old, according to "Time", they were swimming a quarter-mile per day.
In 1950, Russell Tongay staged a public swim by his children in the Mississippi River, 22 miles away from St. Louis. Russell followed in a boat while his children swam the river. Kathy, age 2, swam five miles and Bubba, age 4, swam the entire 22 miles to St. Louis. This swim was recorded by gathered reporters and served as a national introduction for the Tongay children. Russell Tongay then announced his children would swim the English Channel.
Following the Mississippi River swim, Russell Tongay began to actively promote the children as an entertainment act. Bubba would leap from a 30 foot diving platform and swim underwater with hands and feet bound before audiences. Eventually, the family moved to Miami where they continued as an act and were promoted by their father, who bragged of their diet, which consisted of all baby food.
Europe.
The Tongays arrived in Europe in June 1951 but the act was regarded more as abuse than entertainment, and both the British and the French governments forbade the Tongays from swimming the Channel. Upon their arrival in London the entire family was placed under "technical arrest" and argued with the British Home Office to allow the swim. Letters to the editor and a general sense that the swim was exploitative had caused Home Secretary James Chuter Ede to say: "I cannot help thinking that swimming the Channel at that early age is rather a severe test even for an infant prodigy."
Initially the Home Office was going to expel the Tongays from the country, but the next day, an office declared they could stay for one month provided the children did not swim for profit. Although the "London Daily Mail" had offered the children a $20,000 prize for the stunt, and there had been much publicity surrounding their exploits, the Tongays eventually gave up and returned to the United States.
The publicity surrounding the Aquatots continued to increase after they returned from Europe. The children were featured in newsreels and made a cameo appearance in the 1952 film "Skirts Ahoy!", starring Esther Williams.
End of the Aquatots.
In May 1953, Kathy Tongay attempted to complete a one-and-a-half layout dive from a height of 33 feet at Miami's Macfadden-Deauville Pool. Her attempt failed and she ended up bellyflopping. Afterward, she complained of back pain. Russell Tongay then took her to the Treasure Isle Pool, a pool the children trained at five days a week. A lifeguard at the pool later reported that Kathy was badly bruised and ill. Her father fed her some baby soup and told her to get into the water. The same lifeguard later stated she was crying and did not swim for long. By noon, the Tongays returned home where Kathy went into convulsions and died by 6 p.m. Homicide detectives stated that Kathy was apparently beaten and had died from a ruptured intestine, internal bleeding and an infection.
Russell Tongay was charged with second degree murder. He was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to ten years hard labor. Bubba would later become a beach patrol officer in Miami Beach during his adult years.

</doc>
<doc id="19188274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188274" title="Bozhin Laskov">
Bozhin Laskov

Bozhin Georgiev Laskov (; (15 February 1922 – 2 April 2007) was a Bulgarian association football player who played as a striker, noted for his tall stature, impressive physique and great heading. In addition, Laskov was a professional doctor and a trained Eastern Orthodox priest. After 1946, he lived and worked in Czechoslovakia and is counted among Bulgaria and Slovakia's best footballers of the era.
Biography.
Laskov was born in the village of Lokorsko, today administratively part of Sofia. He graduated from the Sofia Seminary, from where his nickname Popeto (Попето; "the little priest") stems. His youth team was FC Pobeda from the Sofia neighbourhood of Orlandovtsi, for which he played in 1939–1940. In 1940, Laskov moved to PFC Levski Sofia and featured for their senior team between 1941 and 1946 as their number 9 striker. Laskov appeared in 56 Bulgarian Championship matches, scoring the remarkable 40 goals. In 46 Bulgarian Cup matches, he scored 21 times; he also appeared in 9 international games, scoring 5 goals, as well as 35 other games with 24 goals on his name. During his stay with Levski, Laskov won the Bulgarian Championship twice (in 1942 and 1946), the Bulgarian Cup three times (in 1942, 1946 and 1947) and the Sofia Championship four times (in 1942, 1943, 1945 and 1946). For the Bulgaria national football team, his tally stands at 8 matches and 2 goals. At the 1946 Balkan Cup in Tirana, Albania, he was proclaimed the best footballer of the Balkans. Reportedly, "France Football" also deemed him the best footballer in Europe later on.
On 15 February 1946, Laskov immigrated to Brno, Czechoslovakia, where he studied medicine at the Masaryk University and played for SK Židenice, the modern 1. FC Brno. In 1947, he moved to Bratislava, where he married a Slovak beautician and was granted Czechoslovak citizenship. In Bratislava, he played for ŠK Slovan Bratislava between 1947 and 1952, winning the Czechoslovak First League in 1949, 1950 and 1951. In Czechoslovakia, he has also played for FK Inter Bratislava (then "Cervena Hviezda") and TTS Trenčín players, until 1960. In the Czechoslovak Championship, he played a total of 169 games, of which 98 (with 48 league goals) for Slovan; he also featured in 3 games for the Czechoslovakia national football team. He was awarded several fair play prizes in Czechoslovakia. Later on, he worked as a manager, managing FK Inter Bratislava, FC Spartak Trnava and Trenčín. He also served as a professional physician specialized in otolaryngology and was an active member of the Bulgarian Association in Slovakia.
Laskov died in Bratislava on 2 April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19188277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188277" title="IBRA Radio">
IBRA Radio

IBRA Media (IBRA Radio) is an international Christian broadcasting and media group founded in 1948 by Lewi Pethrus in Sweden. IBRA broadcast Christian programs to more than 100 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19188278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188278" title="Michiel van Lambalgen">
Michiel van Lambalgen

Michiel van Lambalgen (born 6 November 1954, Krimpen aan den IJssel) is a professor of Logic and Cognitive Science at the Institute for Logic, Language and Computation and the Department of Philosophy, University of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
In the 1980s van Lambalgen did research in randomness, but after some time felt the subject was "too abstract". Then in the 1990s he moved to artificial intelligence, where he picked up the methodology for studying cognition. In 1999 he spent a sabbatical with Keith Stenning at the University of Edinburgh where he learned about the psychology of reasoning. His research interests include philosophy and the foundations of mathematics, reasoning with uncertainty, the psychology of reasoning, and the cognitive semantics of natural language.

</doc>
<doc id="19188289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188289" title="Southside Historic District (Corning, New York)">
Southside Historic District (Corning, New York)

Southside Historic District in Corning, New York is a historic district. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19188295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188295" title="Ricky Van Shelton discography">
Ricky Van Shelton discography

Ricky Van Shelton is an American country music artist. His discography comprises nine studio albums, two Christmas albums, six compilation albums, and twenty-seven singles. Of his singles, twenty-six have charted on "Billboard" country singles charts in the U.S., including twelve Number Ones.

</doc>
<doc id="19188304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188304" title="Allan Grant (footballer)">
Allan Grant (footballer)

Allan Grant (born 1 July 1973, in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Career.
Grant began his career with junior side Maryhill. In the summer of 1998, he was part of the Junior revolution which swept through Clyde, being one of eleven players coming from the junior ranks to join the Bully Wee. He was a key figure in the team which won the Scottish Second Division championship in 2000.
In his final season at Clyde, he only played one game, due to injury. He left the club in the summer of 2002, and rejoined former club Maryhill. In 2003, he returned to the senior game for a season to join Stranraer.Allan then went back to Maryhill for a third spell before joining Bellshill athletic.Injury forced Allan to retire from football in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19188305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188305" title="Liberty Street Historic District">
Liberty Street Historic District

Liberty Street Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19188311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188311" title="Jakub Feter">
Jakub Feter

Jakub Feter (born May 3, 1987) is a Polish football player who plays for Lech Rypin as a midfielder. He played in the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada.
Career.
Club.
He began his playing career at Szkoły Mistrzostwa Sportowego in Łodz. After 2 seasons in the 4th division with LKS Bałucz and UKS SMS Bałucz, Feter was bought in 2007 by UKS SMS Łódź.
International.
He also was called up for the U-20 tournament in Jordan, before playing in the 2007 U-20 World Cup in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19188329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188329" title="Scoil na mBráithre Chríostaí Cill Chainnaig">
Scoil na mBráithre Chríostaí Cill Chainnaig

Scoil na mBráithre Críostaí Kilkenny is a voluntary secondary boy's school in the heart of Kilkenny, Ireland.
It has over 600 pupils and 50+ staff members. It provides an education with the Junior Certificate, the Transition Year Option, the Leaving Certificate Vocational Programme(L.C.V.P) and the Leaving Certificate Programme.

</doc>
<doc id="19188331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188331" title="Paisley by-election, 1891">
Paisley by-election, 1891

The Paisley by-election, 1891 was a parliamentary by-election held on 1 June 1891 for the British House of Commons constituency of Paisley in Scotland. It was caused by the death of the constituency's sitting Liberal Member of Parliament William Boyle Barbour who had held the seat since the 1885 general election.
Result.
The seat was held for the Liberals by William Dunn, a Paisley born, self-made, merchant banker.

</doc>
<doc id="19188335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188335" title="Álvaro Cervera">
Álvaro Cervera

Álvaro Cervera Díaz (born 20 September 1965 in Santa Isabel, Spanish Guinea) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a winger, and the current coach of CD Tenerife.

</doc>
<doc id="19188374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188374" title="Konrad Osterwalder">
Konrad Osterwalder

Konrad Osterwalder (born June 3, 1942) is a Swiss mathematician and physicist, former Undersecretary-General of the United Nations, former Rector of the United Nations University (UNU), and Rector Emeritus of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich ETH Zurich.
United Nations University.
Rector Osterwalder was appointed to the position of United Nations Under Secretary General and United Nations University Rector by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon May 2007 and served until 28 February 2013. He succeeded Prof. Hans van Ginkel from the Netherlands to be the fifth Rector of the United Nations University.
He is credited with turning United Nations University into a world leading institution, ranked #5 & #6 in two categories according to the 2012 Global Go to Think Tank Rankings. He was responsible for ensuring that UNU's charter was amended by the United Nations General Assembly in 2009 allowing the United Nations University to grant degrees, introducing UNU's degree programmes and creating a new concept in education, research and development by introducing the twin institute programmes. A concept that is changing the way that development, aid and capacity building is approached both by developed countries and developing and least developed countries.
Bologna Process.
In March 2000, following the Bologna Declaration by 28 European Education Ministers, the European University Association and the Comite de Liaison within the National Rector's Conference convened the Convention of European Higher Education in salamanca Spain, hereinafter referred to as the "Salamanca Process"with the aim of discussing the Bologna Declaration and delivering an overall, univocal response to the Council of Ministers. Professor Osterwalder, Rector of ETH, was chosen by the conference as the Rapporteur of the Salamanca Process and the voice of Higher Education institutions. The meeting concluded with a declaration and a report that led to the basis of Higher Education reform within the Bologna process and the EU. In addition, the two conveners of the conference formed the European University Association.
Life and career.
Konrad Osterwalder was born in Frauenfeld, Thurgau, Switzerland, in June 1942. He studied at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule; ETH) in Zurich, where he earned a Diploma in theoretical physics in 1965 and a Doctorate in theoretical physics in 1970.
After one year with the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, New York University, he accepted a research position at Harvard University in 1971. He remained on the faculty of Harvard for seven years, and was promoted to Assistant Professor for Mathematical Physics in 1973 and Associate Professor for Mathematical Physics in 1976. In 1977, he returned to Switzerland upon being appointed a full Professor for Mathematical Physics at ETH Zurich.
During his tenure at ETH Zurich, Rector Osterwalder served as Head of the Department of Mathematics (1986–1990) and Head of the Planning Committee (1990–1995), and was founder of the Centro Stefano Franscini seminar center in Ascona. He was appointed Rector of ETH in 1995 and held that post for 12 years. From November 2006 through August 2007, he also served concurrently as ETH President pro tempore.
On 1 September 2007, Rector Osterwalder joined the United Nations University as its fifth rector. In that role, he held the rank of Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Rector Osterwalder's research focused on the mathematical structure of relativistic quantum field theory as well as on elementary particle physics and statistical mechanics. During his long and distinguished career, he has been a Visiting Fellow/Guest Professor at several prominent universities around the world, including the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques (IHES; Bures-sur-Yvette, France); Harvard University; University of Texas (Austin); Max Planck Institute for Physics and Astrophysics (Munich), Università La Sapienza (Rome); Università di Napoli; Waseda University; and Weizmann Institute of Science (Rehovot, Israel).
Osterwalder–Schrader theorem.
The Osterwalder–Schrader theorem states that Schwinger functions that satisfy certain properties can be analytically continued into a quantum field theory.
Suppose Euclidean path integrals satisfy reflection positivity formally. Let "F" be any polynomial functional of the field "φ" which does not depend upon the value of φ("x") for those points "x" whose "τ" coordinates are nonpositive. Then
Since the action "S" is real and can be split into "S"+, which only depends on "φ" on the positive half-space, and "S"− which only depends upon "φ" on the negative half-space, and if "S" also happens to be invariant under the combined action of taking a reflection and complex conjugating all the fields, then the previous quantity has to be nonnegative.
Career achievements.
Rector Osterwalder career encompasses service on many advisory boards, committees and associations including as==
Awards and prizes.
Rector Osterwalder has been a recipient of many honours and prizes including:

</doc>
<doc id="19188375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188375" title="Wycliffe and the Last Rites">
Wycliffe and the Last Rites

Wycliffe and the Last Rites (1992) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley featuring his series detective Charles Wycliffe.
Synopsis.
The vicar of Moresk, a quiet Cornish village, is shocked by the discovery of a woman's corpse sprawled across the church steps, raising suspicion that a Satanic ritual has taken place in the grounds. Wycliffe slowly becomes convinced that the murder is an expression of hatred for the whole community, instead of just the victim herself.
When another slaying strikes the area, he develops a theory about who the killer could be; but can he prove it?

</doc>
<doc id="19188385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188385" title="Hawaii v. Standard Oil Co. of California">
Hawaii v. Standard Oil Co. of California

Hawaii v. Standard Oil Co. of Cal., 405 U.S. 251 (1972), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court which held that Section 4 of the Clayton Antitrust Act does not authorize a U.S. state to sue for damages for an injury to its general economy allegedly attributable to a violation of the United States antitrust law.

</doc>
<doc id="19188386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188386" title="Walkin' the Dog">
Walkin' the Dog

"Walkin' the Dog" is a song written by Shelton Brooks in 1916. Written for the Dancing Follies of 1916, its chorus is: 

</doc>
<doc id="19188398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188398" title="Scott McHarg">
Scott McHarg

Scott McHarg (born 16 June 1974, in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Career.
In the summer of 1998, McHarg was part of the Junior revolution which swept through Clyde, being one of eleven players coming from the junior ranks to join the Bully Wee. He stayed for 8 months at Clyde, before joining Partick Thistle in February 1999. He went on to play for Dumbarton, before returning to the juniors to sign for Shotts Bon Accord. Scott then signed for Petershill Juniors and is currently coaching with the team following his retirement due to knee problems.
Scott also coaches young people throughout Glasgow in his role with coaching and groupwork company A&M Training.

</doc>
<doc id="19188404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188404" title="Liberty Street Historic District (Bath, New York)">
Liberty Street Historic District (Bath, New York)

Liberty Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Bath in Steuben County, New York. It contains 76 commercial, residential, ecclesiastical, and civic structures in the historic core of the village. The southern part of the district is centered on Pulteney Square, a three-acre village green containing landscaped gardens, walkways, benches, fountains and a gazebo. It was one of two village greens laid out in 1793. A broad range of building types, styles, and uses dating from about 1819 to 1930 characterize the district. It is covered in Bath Village MRA. See also US Post Offices in New York State,1858-1943,TR.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19188405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188405" title="Maldives National Congress">
Maldives National Congress

The Maldives National Congress is a political party in the Maldives.
The party's interim leader is Mohamed Naeem.

</doc>
<doc id="19188413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188413" title="Miguel de Souza">
Miguel de Souza

Juan Miguel I. de Souza (born 11 February 1970 in Newham) is an English footballer. Highly-experienced striker who signed for Ryman Premier side St Albans City in August 2002.
Began his career as a youth player with Clapton FC. He progressed through the ranks at The Old Spotted Dog Ground before moving to Charlton Athletic and signing professional forms. He also played in the Football League at Birmingham City and then had successful spells at both Wycombe Wanderers and Peterborough United. Spent the 2001–02 season at Farnborough Town following earlier Conference stints at Rushden & Diamonds and Boston United. Appointed player/coach of St Albans City in May 2004.
Left City for a brief spell at Boreham Wood before moving onto Dulwich Hamlet.
Joined Leyton Orient's youth set up in 2009 coaching the under 16's side before taking on the role of Academy Recruitment Manager in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19188421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188421" title="Greg Holmes (tennis)">
Greg Holmes (tennis)

Greg Holmes (born August 29, 1963, in Covina, California) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. He won one doubles title on the ATP Tour and reached his career-high singles ranking of World No. 22 in February 1985.
In 1989 Holmes defeated Todd Witsken 5–7, 6–4, 7–6(5), 4–6, 14–12 in the second round at Wimbledon, a match that was the longest men's singles match at Wimbledon timed at 5 hours 28 minutes until the epic Isner–Mahut match in 2010. During his seven-year career he twice beat Jimmy Connors and had wins over Andre Agassi, Aaron Krickstein, and Tim Mayotte.

</doc>
<doc id="19188423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188423" title="Swimming World High School Teams of the Year">
Swimming World High School Teams of the Year

Swimming World Magazine has named the Swimming World High School Teams of the Year since 1971 when it honored Santa Clara as the top boys public school in the United States. Since then, the program has expanded.
1 In 1987, Swimming World Magazine began honoring an overall combined national champion for both boys and girls titles. The school in bold is the combined champion for that year.
2 Swimming World Magazine also awards annual high school swimmer of the year titles. 2000 marked the first time that a team winner also had the individual winner. These teams are bold italics.
3 2005 marked the only time two teams have tied for the combined award, as noted in the girls items.

</doc>
<doc id="19188440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188440" title="Christ the King Catholic Secondary School">
Christ the King Catholic Secondary School

Christ the King, often referred to as CtK is a Catholic secondary school in Georgetown, Ontario, Canada. The school was established and began classes in September 2002. Its students are required to wear school uniforms. The school competes in the Golden Horseshoe Halton Sports Division, and their teams are known as the Jaguars. The Jaguars quickly developed a strong rivalry with the Georgetown District High School Rebels. CtK began a Specialist High Skills Major Arts Program in 2009.
Facilities.
Christ the King features:
Arts program.
Christ the King as a secondary school is known for its arts program, starting its Specialist High Skills Major Arts Program in 2009. Classes include visual, musical (vocal & instrumental), dramatic arts (including dance), as well as music theatre. Christ the King has also put on a number of theatrical productions. In more recent years CtK has chosen musicals such as Annie, Grease, and Little Shop rather than play's. Also the music theatre class puts on a Cabaret early each calendar year.
The Irene McCauley Theatre for the Performing Arts.
The Irene McCauley Theatre is where CtK's theatrical productions are held. Christ the King was built with a live performance theatre consisting of approximately 350 seats. Although some seats are removed or added to meet a productions' needs. In 2007 the theatre's name was changed in honour of Irene McCauley, a former trustee of the Halton Catholic District School Board to which she worked at for 26 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19188448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188448" title="Stephen Mear">
Stephen Mear

Stephen Mear (born 1964) is an English dancer and choreographer best known for his award-winning work in musical theatre. In 2005, Mear and co-choreographer Matthew Bourne won the Laurence Olivier Award for "Best Choreography", for their work on the new West End musical "Mary Poppins". This production later transferred to Broadway in 2006, being nominated for the Tony Award for "Best Choreography" in 2007. Most recently, Mear choreographed the new Broadway musical of Disney's "The Little Mermaid" (2007–08). In recognition of his achievements, in 2007 Mear was the recipient of a Carl Alan Award, an award voted for by leading dance organisations in the United Kingdom. In 2010, Stephen Mear won a Laurence Olivier Award for best Theatre Choreographer for his work on Hello Dolly at the Open Air Theatre, Regent's Park, he was also a choreographer for "So You Think You Can Dance (UK)", in the category broadway.
His partner is dance teacher Mark Smith, who is deaf. Mear was co-choreographer for "Mary Poppins", created the entire "sign language" combination/idea for the show's hit musical number "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", because of the knowledge of sign language he had.

</doc>
<doc id="19188456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188456" title="Deportes Ovalle">
Deportes Ovalle

Club Deportes Ovalle is a Chilean football club who currently play in the fourth level of Chilean football, the . The club's stadium is the Estadio Municipal de Ovalle.
Their main rivals are Deportes La Serena and Coquimbo Unido.

</doc>
<doc id="19188465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188465" title="Broad Arrow, Western Australia">
Broad Arrow, Western Australia

Broad Arrow is a ghost town in Western Australia, located 38 km north of Kalgoorlie and 633 km east of Perth, Western Australia. It is on the Kalgoorlie to Leonora Road.
History.
Initially called Kurawah, gold was first discovered there in 1893 which triggered a gold rush in the region north of Kalgoorlie. The Broad Arrow Goldfield was gazetted on 11 November 1896, and in 1897 the municipality of Kurawah was declared.
The town derives its name from the markers, in the shape of a broad arrow, left on the ground by a miner, Reison, who left them to direct his friends who were following him to a gold discovery he had made. His mine was also named "Broad Arrow".
Extensions to the Eastern Goldfields Railway line from Kalgoorlie to Menzies was begun in August 1897, and reached Broad Arrow on 6 November the same year. The railway station included a passenger platform.
At its peak the town had 15,000 residents, eight hotels and two breweries as well as a stock exchange. Other facilities included a hospital, three churches, Salvation Army Hall, a chemist, two banks, police station with resident magistrate, a mining registrar, a post office, a cordial factory, six grocery stores and two draperies, and blacksmith and bakers' shops. The town was the administrative centre for smaller settlements in the area including Ora Banda, Smithfield, Black Flat, White Flag and Grant's Patch.
A dam was built for the Public Works Department in Broad Arrow in 1897. 
The population of the town was 337 (218 males and 119 females) in 1898.
By the 1920s the gold had run out and the town had been abandoned. 
The movie Nickel Queen was filmed there in 1971, using the town's remaining hotel, the Broad Arrow Tavern. The Tavern remains open for travellers today and is noted for having almost every wall covered with handwritten notes from past visitors. In recent years the area has had renewed life with mining companies re-establishing operations, like the Paddington Gold Mine.

</doc>
<doc id="19188466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188466" title="Helen Gregory">
Helen Gregory

Helen Gregory (born 1946) is a prominent historian, author and retired public servant in and of Brisbane, Queensland Australia and its surrounds.
She holds a BA (Hons) from the University of Queensland and is a former adjunct professor of that institution.
In 1969 Helen Gregory was the first Queensland woman to be offered a Rotary Overseas Postgraduate Scholarship, but was unable to take up the award. 
In the mid 1970s she was a consultant historian to the private and government sectors, and is believed to be the first graduate historian in Queensland to use her training in this way, demonstrating that privately commissioned histories could be undertaken without sacrificing academic standards or ethical integrity. She was the founder of the Brisbane History Group and the Professional Historians' Association (Queensland), the professional association which promotes the interests of consulting historians in Queensland, and maintains standards of practice. As well as commissioned history, Ms Gregory is the author or co-author of many academic articles and studies and several entries in the Australian Dictionary of Biography.
Ms Gregory became the first Chair of the Queensland Heritage Council in 1992, and subsequently became Director, Cultural Heritage in the Queensland Government's Environment and Heritage department (later renamed the Environmental Protection Agency, the first woman to be appointed to a senior executive position in that department.
In 2005 and subsequent years, Ms Gregory has been a judge of the History Book Award for the Queensland Premier's Literary Awards. In 2006 Ms Gregory was a member of the independent panel that suggested the name for the Eleanor Schonell Bridge to the Lord Mayor of Brisbane and in November 2007 she was appointed to the board of trustees of Newstead House, one of Queensland's oldest and most important cultural heritage sites.
Books.
Works by Helen Gregory include:

</doc>
<doc id="19188469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188469" title="Paisley by-election, 1884">
Paisley by-election, 1884

The Paisley by-election, 1884 was a parliamentary by-election held on 15 February 1884 for the British House of Commons constituency of Paisley in Scotland. It was caused by the resignation of the constituency's sitting Liberal Member of Parliament William Holms who had held the seat since the general election of 1880 when he was returned unopposed.
Result.
The seat was held for the Liberals by Stewart Clark, a local thread manufacturer.

</doc>
<doc id="19188470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188470" title="Ecological forecasting">
Ecological forecasting

Ecological forecasting uses knowledge of physics, ecology and physiology to predict how ecosystems will change in the future in response to environmental factors such as climate change. The ultimate goal of the approach is to provide people such as resource managers and designers of marine reserves with information that they can then use to respond, in advance, to future changes, a form of adaptation to global warming.
One of the most important environmental factors for organisms today is global warming. Most physiological processes are affected by temperature, and so even small changes in weather and climate can lead to large changes in the growth, reproduction and survival of animals and plants. The scientific consensus 
is that the increase in atmospheric greenhouse gases due to human activity caused most of the warming observed since the start of the industrial era. These changes are in turn affecting human and natural ecosystems.
One major challenge is to predict where, when and with what magnitude changes are likely to occur so that we can mitigate or at least prepare for them. Ecological forecasting applies existing knowledge of how animals and plants interact with their physical environment to ask how changes in environmental factors might result in changes to the ecosystems as a whole.
Forecasting examples.
Biodiversity.
Using fossil evidence, studies have shown that vertebrate biodiversity has grown exponentially through Earth's history and that biodiversity is entwined with the diversity of Earth's habitats. 
Temperature.
Forecasts of temperature, shown in the diagram at the right as colored dots, along the North Island of New Zealand in the austral summer of 2007. As per the temperature scale shown at the bottom, intertidal temperatures were forecast to exceed 30°C at some locations on February 19; surveys later showed that these sites corresponded to large die-offs in burrowing sea urchins.

</doc>
<doc id="19188481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188481" title="List of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre characters">
List of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre characters

The Sawyers (renamed the Hewitts in the reboot and its prequel) are a large, Southern American family of cannibalistic butchers and serial killers in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" franchise, who live in the Texas backwoods, where they abduct, torture, murder, and eat stranded motorists. The family uses booby traps and man-traps, such as bear traps and spike traps, to capture or kill victims, as the family engages in human hunting also. The family also owns a gas station, where they sell the meat from the victims as barbecue and chili. It has been confirmed in the crossover comic book series "Jason vs. Leatherface", and in various interviews and commentaries on the original films, that the Sawyer family did engage in inbreeding, something that was heavily implied in , though in the recent remake continuation of the new Texas Chainsaw Massacre comics and the film ', the Hewitt family were only implied at having engaged in the act of inbreeding, first in the Wildstorm comics and again in , when a captive named Chrissie confronts the Hewitts about it. As seen in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", ', the remake & , the family (both Sawyer and Hewitt) are fond of leaving bodies in mass body pits or mass graves in various parts of Texas. The inspiration for the family was real killer Ed Gein, whom the film makers also based Leatherface on, this being confirmed on the audio commentary for "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" by director Tobe Hooper.
The Sawyer Family.
Jedidiah "Jed" Sawyer / Leatherface.
Leatherface, the "de-facto" main antagonist of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" films, appeared in every single one. He is a deformed, intellectual disabled, overweight, cross dressing, cannibal serial killer who uses a chainsaw to kill his victims. He was portrayed by Gunnar Hansen in the original 1974 film, Bill Johnson in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", R. A. Mihailoff in "Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III", Robert Jacks in "Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation", Sam McKinzie, and Dan Yeager in "Texas Chainsaw 3D". Famous horror actor Kane Hodder also played the stunt double Leatherface in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre III. Also famous stuntman himself and fellow horror icon Tom Morga played Leatherface in Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 during the opening car chase. Leatherface is portrayed as being "severely intellectually disabled and mentally disturbed", and often uses butchering tools, like meat hooks, to slaughter his victims. He lives with a family of fellow cannibals, who are often abusive and violent towards him. Despite their abuse of him, Leatherface does what ever his family orders him to do. The character was loosely inspired by serial killer Ed Gein, who also wore the skin of his victims, cross dressed and was possibly a cannibal.
The character was originally portrayed by Gunnar Hansen. His real name is unknown, although older brother Chop Top calls him "Bubba" in the second movie and in Texas Chainsaw 3D, his name is Jedidaiah. While Chop Top is most likely using this colloquial word for "brother" affectionately, it is possible that "Bubba" is Leatherface's proper name. In the latter case, assuming that his surname is Sawyer as with his older brothers, his full name would be Bubba Sawyer. In the third film he is only referred to as Junior by his family with his first name not being stated. In the fourth film Leatherface is called "Leather" by his relatives. In the original film, Leatherface isn't ever seen without one of his human-flesh masks on. Whereas many horror movie villains are sadistic or evil; Leatherface is in fact intellectually disabled and most of the time is merely following the orders of his family. Hansen has stated that Leatherface is "completely under the control of his family. He'll do whatever they tell him to do. He's a little bit afraid of them". Tobe Hooper has argued on the documentary "The Shocking Truth" that Leatherface is a 'big baby' and kills in self-defense because he feels threatened, pointing out that in the first film Leatherface is actually frightened of all the new people entering his house. Leatherface is also mute, besides from making bizarre, baby-like gibberish and screams, which his family somehow understands.
The people Leatherface kills are later butchered and processed by his father Drayton Sawyer, into barbecue and chili, which are sold by Drayton Sawyer at his gas station. Aside from Leatherface and Drayton, the Sawyer clan includes several more brothers, Nubbins, Chop Top, Eddie/Tex, Tech/Tinker, Alfredo, W.E. and Vilmer, as well as Grandpa, Grandma/Great-Grandma, Mama and Leatherface's daughter (real names unknown).
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 is a direct sequel to the 1974 film, but is more campy and over the top than the original. Tobe Hooper said on "The Shocking Truth" that he wanted to expand on the dark comedy in the original film, an element that he felt no one truly picked up on. In this film, Leatherface develops a "crush" on one of his victims, and in one scene, skins off the face of her friend (while alive) and places it on her to hide her from the rest of his family. At the end of the film, he apparently dies in an explosion after being impaled with a chainsaw in a fight with the uncle of his previous victims from the first film, who also causes Sawyer brother Drayton to dentonate a hand grenade, which apparently kills off the rest of the Sawyer family. Though Leatherface appears to have survived, as he is later seen in ' and '. Leatherface's brother Chop Top also appears to have survived, as he was planned to be featured in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre prequel "All American Massacre", which reveals that Chop Top was imprisoned after the events of part 2, though both Drayton and Grandpa appear to have died in the explosion, as Drayton is never seen again and Grandpa is shown to be a preserved corpse kept and treated by Leatherface and the remaining members of his family in part 3, although a living character very similar to Grandpa appears in part 4, he is a mute elderly man dressed in black referred to as "Grandfather", who sits at the family dinner table, though he is able to move around much better than Grandpa, which is seen when his apparent grandson Vilmer snaps and attacks fellow Sawyer brother W.E. with a hammer, Grandfather awakes from his motionless state and walks away from the dinner table while holding a kitchen knife.
, is the second sequel in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" film series. The film was made as a reboot & a sequel, so it can be took either as a direct sequel or possibly taking place in its own continuity, though several references are made to the previous two films, including Leatherface having a knee brace from his chainsaw accident at the climax of part 1, brother Alfredo owning a gas station and truck labeled "Last Chance Gas" (the name of fellow brother Drayton's station in part 1), a Drayton Sawyer quote from part 2 "The saw is family", the family's last name remaining Sawyer from the previous film and several characters from both earlier films (Leatherface, Grandpa and Stretch, a former radio dj, now a reporter, who escaped the family in Part 2) were included. He is affectionately called "Junior" by the members of his family. The filmmakers attempted to make the series darker and grittier as with the original, but interventions from the MPAA quashed their vision and had them tone it down and change the ending. An uncut version was released in 2003. Leatherface has different, more extended family and a daughter in this film, possibly from a rape. A four issue comic series based on the film, entitled "Leatherface" was also created; notably, portions of the comics are narrated by and shown from Leatherface's point of view. In a documentary on the special edition dvd of Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III, writer David J. Schow referred to the Sawyers as a homicidal SWAT team, with Leatherface as their enforcer. Leatherface's change in family was most likely because of his other family members' deaths in the previous film, as Grandpa is seen to be a preserved corpse in this film and it has been mentioned by director Jeff Burr on the audio commentary for part 3, that after Leatherface's previous family died, Leatherface moved in with distant relatives, possibly cousins, though in the film they are presented as his mother, Mama, and his brothers, Tinker, Tex and Alfredo, with Leatherface also having an unnamed daughter and an unseen relative named W.E. Sawyer who was executed for the crimes committed by Leatherface and the Sawyer family (The Hitchhiker, Drayton & Grandpa) back in 1973 (In this universe, W.E. Sawyer is Drayton Sawyer, as shown in the first film. There is a sign at the gas station that says "W.E. Slaughter", which not only gives the cook's original name, as well as the family name 'Slaughter', it was an inside joke to hint at the cook's involvement 'WE Slaughter'). Burr also offers the idea of an alternative universe as a possible explanation for the changes in the film, a universe which rewrites major events of the first two films, while at the same time retaining certain characters and events from the prior films. The character of Mama implies that she and Grandpa had an incestuous relationship, which in turn led to the murderous Sawyer family. Sawyer brother Alfredo's character was originally the character of Chop Top, but later evolved into the character of Alfredo, this also being revealed on the audio commentary. The film also features a line of Drayton Sawyer's from the previous film ("The saw is family"). In this film Leatherface appears much more aggressive and violent than in previous installments, a trait intentionally added, as it is explained on the audio commentary for this film that Leatherface was in a childlike mode in the first two films and now he has reached the rebellious teen mode.
Texas Chainsaw 3D is a direct sequel to the 1974 original film and starts immediately after Sally Hardesty's escape. Sheriff Hooper arrives right after the extended Sawyer family gather to the house with shotguns, in which the sheriff demands Drayton hand over Leatherface. Drayton attempts to justify his and "Jed's" actions by arguing that the characters from the first film were trespassing, but ultimately the family agrees to give him "Jed", with Drayton scolding him for letting Sally escape. Just as they prepare to send Leatherface out to Sheriff Hooper, a group of townspeople led by Burt Hartman shoot up the house, killing nearly all of the Sawyer clan before burning the house down with a Molotov cocktail.
Killing all but "Leatherface", his cousin Loretta Sawyer and her illegitimate baby (Edith Sawyer) who managed to evade the fire. Loretta, wounded via a gunshot, attempts to receive help from one of the townspeople, who kills her and retrieves her baby "Edith". Leatherface, who was believed to have died in the fire was hidden and cared for by wealthy "Verna Sawyer Carson" (sister to his father Drayton), who did so out of obligation and his protection from the town (now out for her for being "a Sawyer").
Twenty years later, Verna dies and leaves her vast estate to her estranged granddaughter Edith, who has been raised as "Heather Miller". Heather travels to Newt, Texas to collect her inheritance, ultimately resulting in each of her friends being murdered after Leatherface is unleashed by Darryl, a hitchhiker who attempts to rob the mansion before being bludgeoned to death by Leatherface. Heather is briefly captured by Leatherface, but escapes as he kills her friend, Kenny, leading to a chase into the town's carnival, where Leatherface relinquishes his attack after being confronted by a police officer.
Another cop is sent to search the house under orders of Burt Hartman (now the mayor), but is murdered by Leatherface, who attacks him with an axe before peeling away his face. Burt then lures Leatherface by tying up Heather inside the old family Slaughterhouse. Leatherface prepares to kill Heather, but stops upon noticing she has their family birthmark. Before he is able to free her, he is attacked by Burt and one of his associates. Ultimately, Heather aids her cousin, who proceeds to kill Hartman by pushing him into a meat-grinder.
Leaving together, both Heather and Leatherface go home to the mansion, where she reads Verna's letter, informing her that if she takes care of Jed, he will in turn protect her.
In a post credits scene, Heather's abusive adoptive parents arrive at the mansion, discussing how they greedily plan to split her assets. However, Leatherface opens the door, with his chainsaw in hand.
Drayton Sawyer (Old Man / The Cook).
Drayton Sawyer, is portrayed by Jim Siedow in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2" where he served as the main anatagonist and by Bill Moseley in "Texas Chainsaw 3D".
In all of his appearances, Drayton is an antagonist and appears to be the head of the Sawyer Family. He is the older brother (the father in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 3D") of Leatherface and the rest of the family. A mentally unstable and murderous cannibal, Drayton, along with his family of fellow cannibals and serial killers, lives in the backwoods of Texas, preying upon travelers, whom he and his relatives capture and devour, selling some of their meat to unwary people in chili at his restaurant/gas station. He also gets mad at Leatherface for ruining the house. Drayton's name wasn't mentioned until the second film, the first simply referred to him as "the Cook" and "the Old Man". Like his younger brother Nubbins, Drayton seems to be suffering from a mental disorder, probably schizophrenia or multiple personalities, as he is seen enjoying the torture of his family's victims, but at one point he flips personalities and is disgusted by the torment as his more empathic side surfaces. His personality disorder has been discussed by Tobe Hooper several times, like on the audio commentary for Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2. Drayton often bickers with the rest of his brothers and is abusive towards them. Although Drayton appears to be the head of the household, his brothers often mock and antagonize him and his authority.
Drayton Sawyer makes his debut appearance in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", in which he first appears as the mild-mannered, middle-aged proprietor of the Last Chance Gas Station, a rural Gulf gas station and barbecue shop (with an unnamed car door window washer as an employee), where a group of teenagers stop for fuel while passing through the area. When he learns that the teenagers destination is an abandoned house near his property, he casually advices the youths against going around there. Drayton's malevolent nature is revealed later in the film, when he beats Sally Hardesty (Marilyn Burns) unconscious and captures her after she approaches him seeking help when her friends disappear and her brother Franklin (Paul A. Partain) is killed by Leatherface. Having been chased by Leatherface previously, she is highly hysterical after her shocking experience. Taking Sally to his home, Drayton torments her alongside his brothers, Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) and Nubbins (Edwin Neal), before deciding to let the family patriarch, Grandpa (John Dugan), kill her. When Grandpa proves too decrepit to kill Sally with a hammer, Drayton, Nubbins and Leatherface attempt to aid him, but only succeed in losing grasp on Sally, who flees out a window. Drayton is the only one of the three active members of the family who does not pursue Sally, choosing instead to stay behind with Grandpa. The more humane side of Drayton is revealed when he states "I just can't take no pleasure in killing" after Nubbins accuses him of doing nothing but cooking for the family while he and Leatherface do all the killing, which explains why Drayton beat and captured Sally rather than killing her.
In "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", Drayton reappears, now he and his family are living in an abandoned amusement park in Dallas (called Texas Battle Land), due to the intense police investigation sparked by the events of the first film, with what remains of his family, Leatherface (Bill Johnson), Chop Top (Bill Moseley) and Grandpa (Ken Evert). Now a two-time award-winning chili cook selling his meat at a Chilli Cook-off (dismissing the bones and teeth as peppercorns), Drayton appears far more unhinged than in the previous film, happily joining in on his family's murderous frenzies, which previously disturbed him somewhat. In public, Drayton displays a folksy & happy personality, but alone with his family, he displays his deranged mental disease & is very abusive with them. Drayton presumably dies, off-screen, at the end of the film, when, during the fight between Leatherface and Lieutenant "Lefty" Enright (Dennis Hopper), he is accidentally struck by Leatherface and the hand grenade he is holding (planning to commit suicide and destroy the hideout with) explodes prematurely. In this film, Drayton also rambles about the plight of the small business man and how crooks, politicians and movie stars don't pay taxes, yet he and his poor family have to.
The only reference of Drayton made in "" was when Sawyer brother Tinker gives a large chromed chainsaw he crafted to Leatherface as a gift, on the saw's blade he engraved a quote of Drayton's from the second film ("The saw is family"). In this film, it says that a man by the name of W.E. Sawyer took the blame for Leatherface's crimes, and was executed in 1981. Many believe that in this alternate universe, W.E. Sawyer is the Cook, as originally intended in the first film. The sign at the gas station says "W.E. Slaughter", W.E being the Cook's first name and Slaughter being last. The name was intended to hint at his involvement in the killings, 'WE Slaughter'.
Drayton was originally set to be the grandfather in the "", but when Jim Siedow turned down the role, director Kim Henkel replaced Drayton as the grandfather and turned the character into Grandpa from the earlier films, though the character is still referred to as "Grandfather".
In Topps Comics' 1995 comic miniseries "Jason vs. Leatherface", Drayton, only identified by the name Cook Slaughter, appears as a main character. After Leatherface and the Hitchhiker bring Jason Voorhees, the main antagonist of the "Friday the 13th" franchise home, Drayton befriends him and inducts him in as an unofficial member of the Sawyer family.
The comics expand on Drayton's back story, revealing that, though he aspires to gain fame and fortune using his culinary skills in the city, he stays in the Texan backwoods due to a vow he made to his younger sister Velma on her deathbed, promising he would always look after her children, the Hitchhiker and Leatherface. The comics imply that he is both their father and uncle and they were merely adopted and treated by him as brothers: they suggest that Leatherface and Hitchhiker were born of incest between Drayton and Velma Sawyer as they refer to Velma as having been both their sister and mother. The comics also portray Drayton as much more apathetic and lax towards his relatives murdering of people, with him, at one point, stating that he wishes the Hitchhiker and Jason, who had just delivered to him a freshly killed couple, had brought him some children as well ("their meat's so much more tender..."). At one point in the comics Drayton even attacks Jason with a meat cleaver and helps dispose of his body, which the Sawyer brothers dump into a lake. Drayton is also seen wearing an apron which reads "Kiss the Cook" throughout the series.
Bill Moseley, the actor who portrayed Chop Top, portrayed Drayton in the opening scene of "Texas Chainsaw 3D". When Sheriff Hooper arrives at the Sawyer house from which Sally escaped earlier that day, Drayton comes out with a shotgun and tries justifying his family's actions by arguing that the characters from the first film were trespassing. Drayton is accompanied by Grandpa, two older male relatives named Boss Sawyer and Bear Sawyer, four unidentified gunmen and a younger woman named Loretta, who holds a baby named Edith-Rose Sawyer. Boss tries convincing Drayton to give Leatherface, whose real name is Jedidiah, to Hooper. Drayton argues that Jed is family, but Boss retorts that "the boy is simple," to which Bear agrees. Drayton gives in, and Boss informs Hooper that they are bringing out Jed. Drayton goes to Leatherface's room and scolds him for attracting the police. Before he can be brought out, local residents of Newt led by Burt Hartman, arrive and burn down the house. Drayton is apparently shot to death. In 2012, Edith-Rose, who survived, was adopted, and renamed Heather Miller, walks through the Sawyer cemetery at her grandma Verna's house, and one of the gravestones has Drayton's name on it.
Nubbins Sawyer (The Hitchhiker).
Nubbins Sawyer (called "the Hitchhiker" in the credits) appears in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and in the first sequel, "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2". Edwin Neal portrays him as a mentally unstable and murderous cannibal and grave robber; he lives with his equally depraved family, the Sawyers, in the back roads of Texas, capturing, torturing and feasting on unwary travellers. Though sadistic and violent, he is generally one of the least threatening characters in the movie, being not very intelligent, and behaving erratically. The character also has a bizarre speech impediment and a large birth mark on the side of his face. His speech impediment came from the actor who portrayed him, Edwin Neal, who played the hitchhiker as someone who suffered from schizophrenia.
The Hitchhiker first appears in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" walking along a road, where he is picked up by a group of friends traveling through the area, who feel sorry for him having to walk in the heat. The group ask him what he was doing out there and he tells them that he was "over at the slaughterhouse" where he and "his brother" and "his grandfather" used to work and shows them pictures of him and his family killing the cattle while telling them a story about how headcheese comes from the cows there when their heads are melted, all the while attempting to get them to drop him off at his home and even inviting them to dinner. The Hitchhiker soon begins acting erratically after being given back the photographs by the disgusted travelers, slashing his own hand with a pocket knife; after Franklin Hardesty (Paul A. Partain) refuses to buy a picture he took of him, the Hitchhiker sets the photo on fire and slashes Franklin's arm with a straight razor before being kicked out of the van. The Hitchhiker briefly chases after the van, kicking, yelling and smearing a bloody hand print on it, but soon relinquishes his attack on it.
The film later identifies Nubbins as one of the brothers of the main villain of the film, Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) and of Drayton Sawyer (Jim Siedow), as well as one of the family members of an mentally unstable and murderous family of cannibals. It's also revealed that he was the one responsible for the grave robbings mentioned at the beginning of the film. Together, they torment Sally Hardesty (Marilyn Burns), Franklin's sister whom Drayton had captured. Eventually deciding to kill Sally, Nubbins, Drayton and Leatherface are at first content to allow their highly regarded Grandpa (John Dugan) to do so, but when Grandpa proves unable to kill Sally with a hammer, the Hitchhiker and his brothers become impatient and over-eager in trying to help him, the Hitchhiker forgets to keep a hold on Sally, allowing her break free of their grasp and jump out a nearby window; as Sally flees, the Hitchhiker and Leatherface give chase to her, with the Hitchhiker catching up to her on a road. While slashing Sally with a knife, the Hitchhiker meets his demise when he is run over by an 18-wheeler.
In "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", the Hitchhiker appears only as a macabre puppet-like corpse: his family has reassembled him after the events of the first film, and his twin brother, Chop Top (Bill Moseley) carries him around and treats him as if he were still alive. At one point, Drayton refers to him as Nubbins, indicating that is his name. The Hitchhiker's corpse is presumably destroyed when a hand grenade, accidentally set off by Drayton and the film's secondary protagonist, Lieutenant "Lefty" Enright (Dennis Hopper), blows up the family's hideout with the Hitchhiker's body in it. In the ', another Sawyer brother, Alfredo, appears to be very similar to his brother Nubbins, like the hitchhiker, Alfredo has a speech impediment and he also uses an old polaroid camera to shock people. Also, in this movie Nubbins has another brother, Tex/Eddie, who hitchhikes. In the ', another Sawyer brother named Vilmer practices self-mutilation like the Hitchhiker. In the original script for the Texas Chansaw Massacre 4, Vilmer's character was originally the Hitchhiker, but when Edwin Neal turned down the role, his character was replaced with Vilmer.
In the "Jason vs. Leatherface" Topps Comics' miniseries, Nubbins the Hitchhiker (bearing only a minor resemblance to his film counterpart and without his name mentioned) appears as a main character. Encountering Jason Voorhees (the main villain of the "Friday the 13th" franchise) in the woods near the Sawyer house, the Hitchhiker, after seeing Jason non-lethally disarm Leatherface after a brief skirmish and decapitate a man he and Leatherface were chasing, befriends him and takes him home, where Jason is inducted as an unofficial member of the family by Drayton. After a fight happens between Jason and the family, the Hitchhiker "kills" Jason by bashing him in the head with a hammer.
The miniseries expands upon the Hitchhiker's character, revealing that he owns a pet dog named Sparky (whom he killed by shooting in the head and treats as if it were still alive) and that he creates furniture and sculptures out of corpses (another possible reference to Ed Gein, upon whom "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" series is loosely based). The miniseries also showed the extent of the Hitchhiker's abuse of Leatherface whom the Hitchhiker constantly bullies for little or no reason (although he apparently respects Leatherface's prowess at frightening and killing people, as he laments to Jason). The comics also hint that the Hitchhiker, as well as Leatherface, were born of incest, with Drayton's younger sister Velma being implicated as being their sister and mother. The Hitchhiker is also seen driving a tow truck and working at the family gas station, where he sabotages motorists' automobiles. He then informs his family and they attack the newly stranded people. The Hitchhiker's bizarre birth mark also changes shape several times throughout the comics, at one point it takes the form of a swastika and a lightning bolt. After "killing" Jason, the Hitchhiker's brother Drayton (called Cook Slaughter in the comics) implicates that the Hitchhiker killed his own cousin named Emery with a two-by-four after a losing a game of checkers, to which the hitchhiker replies "He shouldn't have laughed at me".
Grandfather Sawyer.
Grandfather Sawyer appears in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", and its sequel "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", portrayed by John Dugan and Ken Evert, respectively, and appears in more of the franchise than any other character besides Leatherface. He is a supercentenarian, former butcher/slaughterman and implied mass murderer. Director Tobe Hooper stated on the audio commentary for "Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2" that Grandpa is kept alive by drinking the blood of his family's victims.
Snippets of Grandfather's history prior to the events of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" films occur throughout the series; it is revealed that Grandfather was originally a worker at a slaughterhouse whose skills at killing and butchering cattle were unmatched. After new technology was implemented in abattoirs, Grandfather quit his job due to "the shame" (not being able to cope with the noises the machines are making). Grandfather later apparently settled down with the unnamed Grandma and began a family, the cannibalistic Sawyers (how they became cannibalistic is never revealed, though it is implied that they resorted to cannibalism in order to survive starvation, because the family was already poor when Grandpa and the rest of his family quit working).
In "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", the 124-year-old Grandfather (John Dugan) appears as a somewhat minor character, initially thought to be already dead; he is first seen briefly during Leatherface's chase scene, Sally approaches him seeking help but assumes he is dead when she sees how old he is. Later after heroine Sally Hardesty (Marilyn Burns) is captured by his grandchildren, Drayton (Jim Siedow), Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) and the Hitchhiker (Edwin Neal), Grandfather is taken from the second floor of the house and brought to her by them. Leatherface proceeds to slash Sally's finger and forces it into Grandpa's mouth, so he can suck her blood (proving that he is, in fact, alive), an event that causes Sally to fall unconscious. Some time after Sally is awakened, Drayton, Leatherface and the Hitchhiker decide to allow Grandpa to end her life through the use of a hammer; due to his advanced age, Grandpa is largely incapable of using the hammer efficiently and continues to drop it. The hassle that ensues with Grandfather's continued dropping of the hammer and his grandchildren's over-eagerness to help him allows Sally to break free of the Sawyer family and jump out a window, though he and Drayton do not attempt to follow her.
Grandpa (Ken Evert), now 137 years old, later appears in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", inhabiting an abandoned theme park named the "Texas Battle Land" with what remains of his family; when the film's heroine, Vanita "Stretch" Brock (Caroline Williams), is captured by his grandson Chop Top (Bill Moseley), Grandpa is brought forth to kill her (in the same way he tried to do to Sally) with help from Chop Top, unlike in the first film here he actually lands a hit though he succeeds in only causing a minor head wound to her with a sledgehammer (and a second wound caused by an impatient Drayton). When Lieutenant William "Lefty" Hardesty Enright (Dennis Hopper), the film's male protagonist, engages in a chainsaw duel with Leatherface (Bill Johnson), Grandfather attempts to aid his grandson by throwing a hammer at his opponent, only to hit Leatherface instead and subsequently fall to the floor (which alludes the first film's climax). Grandfather apparently meets his demise when a grenade, accidentally set off by an injured Drayton (Jim Siedow), Lefty and Leatherface, detonates in close proximity to him.
In "", which has connections to "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", Grandfather appears only as a decayed corpse kept and treated as if he were alive by Leatherface (R. A. Mihailoff) and his new extended family who regularly pour blood into his mouth to "feed" him; when one of the film's protagonists, Benny (Ken Foree), opens fire on the Sawyer house with an automatic rifle, Grandfather's body takes several shots to the chest and one to the face, but the body is left for the most part intact. On the special documentary on Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III, director Jeff Burr mentions that Grandpa is "on his way out" meaning that the corpse of Grandfather still might have some life in him. Also in this film, the character of Mama mentions that she castrated both herself and "Papa", referring to Grandfather, implying an incestous relationship between the two.
In the 1994 film "", a minor character very similar to Grandpa, referred to as "Grandfather" (Grayson Victor Schirmacher), appears as a member of the Sawyer family. The character might, in fact, be Grandpa, as the film possibly takes place in its own continuity. In Tobe Hooper's "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", Grandpa was also credited as "Grandfather".
In the 1991 "Leatherface" comics by Northstar Comics, which are based upon "Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III", Grandfather appears, though he is portrayed as extremely different in this appearance than in others; instead of the solitary and silent figure he is usually shown as, this version of Grandpa is depicted as a rambling old man with a habit of telling non-linear stories, he also seems to be much younger and more in shape than in the films (he still seems to be much more sane and harmless than the rest of the family though) and appears largely oblivious to his surroundings. It is also revealed by the character Mama that Grandfather isn't biologically related to the featured version of the Sawyer family and that he was abandoned as a child and subsequently adopted into it.
Grandfather also appears throughout the 1995 "Jason vs. Leatherface" comic miniseries by Topps Comics; in the comics, Grandfather acts as essentially nothing more than a background character and has little interaction with any other characters, mostly appearing only in dinner scenes. Also of note, a picture depicting a much younger Grandfather is found by Jason Voorhees in the attic of the Sawyer house.
John Dugan reprised his role in "Texas Chainsaw 3D", in which Grandfather is shown sitting inside the Sawyer house with his relatives as they are confronted by Sheriff Hooper. He is present when the residents of Newt burn down the Sawyer house and kill the family members inside.
"Chop Top" Sawyer.
Chop Top is one of Leatherface's many brothers. Chop Top also has the same bizarre birth mark as his twin brother Nubbins, except Chop Top's is on the other side of his face. He appears in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2" as one of the film's villains and is portrayed by Bill Moseley. Chop Top is also in the habit of scratching around his metal plate with a heated clothes hanger; he then eats the dead skin he has picked off. Both director Tobe Hooper and actor Bill Moseley state that if he scratches in the right spot, Chop Top will instantly "get off". It is explained by Tobe Hooper that Chop Top was in Vietnam at the time of the first film. It is in Vietnam where Chop Top receives his head wound by a "lucky gook with a machete". Chop Top has pale skin, like an albino. Tobe Hooper stated on the audio commentary for "Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2" that Chop Top's character was originally that of the Hitchhiker, who had a metal plate grafted onto his skull after the events of the 1974 "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and was referred to as "Plate-Head", but the character later evolved into his twin, Chop Top.
Chop Top is a deranged and sadistic individual who gleefully murders people when given the chance. He possesses a "hippie"-like mentality and view on life, stating that "music is his life" and revealing that he is a fan of the bands Iron Butterfly and Humble Pie. Chop Top often remarks about Ho Chi Minh and napalm, as he is a Vietnam veteran, and he also talks about having flashbacks from the war. Chop Top adorns himself in a variety of tattered, multi-color clothing. In "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", Chop Top first appears alongside Leatherface (Bill Johnson) driving a pick up truck. Together they attack a pair of drunk motorists who are in a smaller car on a bridge. Chop Top and Leatherface kill the two men, not realizing that their attack on the drivers was being recorded at a radio station the two drunken men had called using a car phone prior to the attack. When DJ Vanita "Stretch" Brock (Caroline Williams) plays the recording of Chop Top and Leatherface's attack on the drivers over the radio, the two brothers break into the radio station with the intention of killing Stretch, but the brothers' plan is not carried out. Leatherface, having become infatuated with Stretch, tricks Chop Top into believing he has killed her. When the two leave the station they take an injured co-worker of Vanita's with them.
When Chop Top and father Drayton (Jim Siedow) discover that Stretch is still alive after finding her in the Sawyer family's home in an abandoned amusement park called the Texas Battle Land, which Chop Top bought using government checks, the brothers hold her captive and decide to let the decrepit patriarch of the Sawyer family, Grandpa (Ken Evert), kill her with Chop Top's help. Vanita is saved when protagonist Lieutenant "Lefty" Enright (Dennis Hopper) arrives and engages Leatherface in a chainsaw duel. The battle between the Sawyers and Lefty reaches a climax when a hand grenade, accidentally set off by Drayton, explodes and kills Grandpa, Lefty, Drayton and possibly Leatherface, as well as presumably destroying the puppet-like corpse of Nubbins Sawyer.
Narrowly escaping the grenade explosion, Chop Top follows Vanita to the top of the Matterhorn attraction in the Texas Battle Land, which the Sawyers converted into a shrine known as "Chainsaw Heaven". Slashing Vanita and himself several times with a straight razor, Chop Top apparently meets his end when Vanita stumbles upon the mummified corpse of Great-Grandma Sawyer and tears a chainsaw out of the corpse's abdomen. In the ensuing struggle, Chop Top is sent plummeting into the ruins of Texas Battle Land.
Though Chop Top does not appear in the 1991 "Leatherface" by Northstar Comics, a reference to him is made through the use of his catchphrase "Lick my plate!", seen spray-painted on the side of Alfredo Sawyer's Last Chance Gas Station. In , the original script had the character of Alfredo as his brother Chop Top, but due to copyrights he evolved into the character of Alfredo. This was revealed on the film's audio commentary. In this film he also has another brother named Tech/Tinker, who is a fellow hippie and music lover (as seen in the comics based on the film). Tech has an unnatural metallic body piece like his brother, though in his case it is a hook hand instead of a head plate & he also drives a large pick up truck, which is similar to the truck owned by Chop Top has in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2, although Tech seems to have suped his truck up, basically making it into a monster truck.
"All American Massacre" is an unreleased film directed by William Hooper, son of Tobe Hooper. The film was to serve as a prequel to the original "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" series. The film was to feature Chop Top who had been captured and placed into a psychiatric prison. Memories of how his family became killers and cannibals were to feature in the film, as he was interviewed by a tabloid television journalist. Bill Moseley portrays Chop Top in the film's trailer.
Grandmother Sawyer.
Grandfather's wife, she died an unspecified time before the first films events, although her obese corpse has been preserved by the family and was originally kept in the attic of the Sawyer ranch. Her corpse also appears in the comic book series Jason vs. Leatherface.
Great Grandma Sawyer.
The Cook, Chop Top, Nubbins and Leatherface's other grandmother. It is revealed in the audio commentary on "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", by Tobe Hooper, that she is in fact "Great-Grandma Sawyer". First mentioned by Drayton in the second film, who states "Oh Great Grandma in chainsaw heaven!"; her skeletal corpse is later seen in chainsaw heaven - actually a macabre shrine hidden in the amusement park where the remaining Sawyers live in the second film.
W.E. Sawyer (Not seen, never mentioned in the film and unknown character).
In the third film, it is mentioned at the beginning of the opening prologue, that a person named "W.E. Sawyer", was arrested in 1973 and charged with the murders of various characters of the original film, the attempted murder of Sally Hardesty, and even of being Leatherface himself. Looks like it might be the brother of Leatherface. He died in the gas chamber in 1981.
According to the original 1974 film's art director Robert A. Burns on the audio commentary for the special edition DVD, that the gas station/bbq stand owned by Jim Siedow's character the Old Man, was named "W.E. Slaughter's" by Tobe Hooper & Kim Henkel.
Edward "Tex" Sawyer.
A hitchhiking cowboy and brother of Leatherface, Edward (simply referred to by the shortened name Eddie) completely despises his real name - for unknown reasons - and prefers to be called "Tex", and goes into a rage when referred to by his true name. Tex is also seen wearing a female's cooking apron and painted fingernails, leading to the possibility that he is sexually ambiguous. Tex is portrayed as the most normal looking family member, which helps in his family's capturing of victims, who believe Tex to be a regular person, however, when enraged Tex becomes highly psychotic. Film writer David J. Schow likened him to Norman Bates on the film's audio commentary. In the rated and unrated versions, Tex is killed when set ablaze by survivalist Benny, after Tex attacks him with an ax. In the alternate ending, Tex is set on fire, but survives, and then is killed when Michelle pushes him into a spike trap. Tex (never referred to as Eddie or Edward) is portrayed as one of the more sane members of the family in the Leatherface comics, actually showing some level of remorse for his actions. Tex is killed in the comics by Michelle, who beats and disembowels him with the very knife he was planning to butcher her with. Co-star William Butler claims that his friend, fellow actor Viggo Mortensen's characterization for Tex was as a sexually ambiguous killer who looked normal, but could snap at any moment. He is portrayed by Viggo Mortensen.
Tinker "Tink" Sawyer.
Another brother of Leatherface and easily one of the least sane members of the family, he has a transradial prosthesis hook in place of a right hand for unknown reasons and an affinity for machines, chrome and technology. As he goes by two different names his real name remains unknown. Tech often makes devices to assist his family in the slaughtering of people, he also drives a very large, suped up pick up truck, which is basically a monster truck. One of the devices Tech makes is an extra large chromed out chainsaw for his brother Leatherface, engraved on the blade, a sort-of tribute and reference to his late brother Drayton, the reference being a quote of Drayton's from the second film ("The saw is family"), another invention of Tech's is a swinging sledgehammer machine which quickens the family's slaughter methods, something brother Tex is grateful for (as he personally dislikes the "hit to the head business"). Tech also calls one of the main characters, Benny, an African-American, a "darkie", "brotha" and refers to him as "dark meat", leading to the possibility that he is a racist. Tech also tries to discipline his brother Leatherface by throwing his brother's walkman into the oven, however, this plan backfires when Leatherface forces Tech to retrieve it with his good hand. In both the rated and unrated versions as well as the alternate ending Tech is wounded, possibly fatally, when Benny opens fire on the families' house with an automatic rifle, blasting two of Tech's fingers off, as well as an ear. He appears to have died after the shooting, as he is heard saying to his brother Tex that he would be in Hell for breakfast. In the Leatherface comics, Tech is depicted as a former party loving hippie, like his brother Chop Top from "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", and is fixated with classic rock music and a "Chrome Machine God" he believes controls everything. He also mentions taking quaaludes and hash and lush and the purest lysergic acid ever come from Hashbury. Tech is fatally injured in the comic by being shot repeatedly by Benny, later dying in Leatherface's (who admired Tech, who was his favorite brother) arms. Like his brother Drayton Sawyer, Tech appears as the head of the family household, this role is also explained by writer David J. Schow on the audio commentary for the "Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III", in which he refers to Tech as the "brains" of the operation. He is portrayed by Joe Unger.
Alfredo Sawyer.
Another brother of Leatherface, he appears to be highly demented and perverted and suffers from a speech impediment and heterochromia. He wears a tattered jumpsuit and drives an old pickup truck. Alfredo is also seen kissing a decapitated head, which implies that he has engaged in necrophilia. At the same time he kisses the head, he mentions that he had a girl in Tupelo, but that she had to "go down below", implying that Alfredo has murdered women outside the state of Texas. He often rants and complains about having to clean up for his family, which includes tossing body parts into the bogs and swamps surrounding his family's home, he also bickers with his brother Tex, who explains that after Alfredo lost his job at the local slaughterhouse, he became insane. In one of his bizarre rants, Alfredo refers to his brother Leatherface as "stupid fuck-face". Alfredo also runs the Last Chance Gas Station, which he apparently inherited from his eldest brother Drayton, after his death in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2". In "", Alfredo serves as the film's antagonist and is killed when, attacking Michelle with a sledgehammer in his pickup truck, she grabs his shotgun lying on the truck's floor and blasts him, his last words being "What are the chances a brainless bitch like you knows how to use that thing?". It is revealed by his brother Tex, that Alfredo worked at the slaughterhouse, but like the rest of his family, he lost his job and went insane. The Leatherface comics depict Alfredo - drawn with an eye patch for unexplained reasons - as even more perverted, insane and dangerous than his film counterpart. Alfredo is killed in the comics' final issue, being forced underwater and drowned by Michelle. Alfredo appears similar in character to his brothers Nubbins and Chop Top, whom he was based on. Also in the Leatherface comics, Alfredo references his brother Chop Top, as Chop Top's famous line "Lick my plate!" is seen spray painted on Alfredo's gas station. He is portrayed by Tom Everett.
Anne Sawyer.
The mother of Leatherface and the rest of the Sawyer brothers, Anne is a bitter, aged woman who uses a wheelchair full-time and also has an electronic voice box, possibly from a tracheotomy. When Benny begins to blast the families' house with an automatic rifle, Anne dies after taking several shots to the chest as Tech watches on in horror. Anne role is expanded upon in the Leatherface comics, which depict her as a stereotypical kindly old woman, capable of speaking under her own power and is also shown to be more dangerous than in the film. Mama meets her demise in the comics when her face is smashed in by Benny, who she was holding at gun point, using his automatic rifle. In the film, Anne mentions that she neutered herself and Grandfather, which implies that the two had an incestuous relationship. She is portrayed by Miriam Byrd-Nethery.
Babi Sawyer.
Babi and the daughter psychotic of Leatherface, apparently conceived from the rape of one of his victims; she carries around a dead infant as a doll, which she refers to as "Sally" (a possible reference to Sally Hardesty). In both the rated and unrated versions, her fate is unrevealed. In an alternate ending, she's seen at the end in the back of the Sheriff's car, probably arrested, however, her hands weren't cuffed. In the comics based on the film, no reference is made to Jane being Leatherface's child, with her appearing to be just another one of his relatives, possibly Leatherface, Tex, Tink, and Alfredo's younger sister. She is portrayed by Jennifer Banko.
Vilmer Slaughter.
Vilmer Slaughter features as a fictional character and main antagonist in the 1994 film "": actor Matthew McConaughey portrays him.
The series presents Vilmer as a rage-filled, psychopathic sadist and head of a family of serial killers, which includes two brothers: the excitable W. E. Slaughter and the chainsaw-wielding transvestite known only as Leather (who is never addressed as Leatherface in the film). Vilmer is accompanied by his lover Darla, a married woman who, while independently minded, often suffers abuse at Vilmer's discretion. Vilmer and his family live in an old dilapidated farmhouse. Vilmer drives around in an unidentified rural Texas town in his tow truck hunting down fresh victims to bring back to his house. He wears a custom-built mechanical leg brace made from a hodgepodge of hoses, metal rods and electrical devices. He operates the brace's locomotive controls with several television remote controls, which he keeps tucked away inside of his pants pocket. The nature of Vilmer's leg injury is never revealed, but according to Walter, he has been shot and run over several times throughout his life. The leg brace itself can be used as a weapon, as it is very powerful, though his main weapon is a Buck knife. Vilmer is seen to share several common traits with his other crazed siblings, besides the general insanity that runs in his family. Vilmer practices self mutilation like his brothers the Hitchhiker and Chop Top, and Vilmer, like brother Tech/Tinker, and Chop Top for that matter, uses a truck to terrorize people and has an unnatural, man-made, metallic accessory on his body (in this case it's Vilmer's robotic leg, like Chop Top's metal plate and Tech's hook hand). Vilmer's mother Mama and his brother Leatherface also have unnatural accessories in the , Mama is a full-time wheelchair user and has an electrical voice box, Leatherface has a metal knee brace on, to presumably help his leg injury from the first film. Whether or not these traits were intentional or accidental has never truly been elaborated on, though they likely are somewhat intentional, as Vilmer was originally set to be the Hitchhiker, but when Edwin Neal turned down the role, the character became Vilmer. Vilmer also works for a shady powerful group called the Order of the Illuminati, which according to Darla, conducts numerous political assassinations, including the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Vilmer is killed by a low flying plane while he and Leather chase after a victim.
W.E Slaughter.
W.E. Slaughter appeared in "Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation". He was portrayed by Joe Stevens.
In the 1994 film "Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation", a character named W.E. Slaughter appears as a main antagonist. A relative of the Slaughter family, W.E., like them, is an agent for a powerful shady government organization who has the family forcibly employed for the purpose of terrorizing society. His fate in the film is left ambiguous, as his head is bashed with a hammer by the increasingly unstable Vilmer Slaughter and he does not appear again, leading to the possibility the attack could have killed him, or at least incapacitated him.
Despite his somewhat stereotypical redneck appearance and general insanity, the W.E. Slaughter (who's full name is never given), appearing in this film is depicted as being highly cultured, continually quoting famous historical figures and works of literature, even while torturing people. He often bickers with Vilmer's wife Darla, stating that before she entered the family, it was W.E. who "put things together", referring to the murders. W.E. appears to own a gas station/country store and an old pickup truck. Walter also favors a cattle prod while torturing people, and his brother Leatherface for that matter. During dinner, W.E. is seen talking to his mute Grandfather about the decline of family values. 
According to the original 1974 film's art director Robert A. Burns on the audio commentary for the special edition DVD, that the gas station/bbq stand owned by Jim Siedow's character the Old Man, was named "W.E. Slaughter's" by Tobe Hooper & Kim Henkel.
Darla (unknown surname whether she is even married into or part of the Sawyer/Slaughter family).
Vilmer's apparent girlfriend or wife (who routinely suffers abuse and domestic violence at his hands). Darla is one of the more sane members of the family; she appears highly disgruntled under Rothman and Vilmer's control and is hinted at once having a normal life, making references to another husband living elsewhere. She also informs a group of teens (her family would later capture) that she had breast implants, and after W.E. Slaughter comes to assist her in kidnapping a fleeing hostage, Darla admits to owning a gun. In the movie Darla also speculates that her lover Vilmer is from outer space and that either Vilmer or his employers has implanted a device in her head which will kill her. Darla is also the one who explains the Sawyers' backstory to their captive Jenny, telling her that the family belong to a secret group, which has been assassinating people for hundreds of years, including John F. Kennedy. She is portrayed by Tonie Perensky.
Bear Sawyer.
Bear Sawyer appears in the opening scene of "Texas Chainsaw 3D", portrayed by David Bell. He stands with a shotgun alongside Boss Sawyer inside the Sawyer house when Sheriff Hooper arrives. He agrees with Boss' suggestion that they should just give Jedidiah (Leatherface) to the sheriff. He even comments that Leatherface is retarded. He is burned to death by the residents of Newt led by Burt Hartman, along with other relatives in the house.
Boss Sawyer.
A member of the Sawyer family who appears in the beginning of "Texas Chainsaw 3D" portrayed by Gunnar Hansen, who portrayed Leatherface in the first film. Boss sits inside the Sawyer house with a shotgun when Sheriff Hooper arrives to arrest Leatherface. Boss tries to convince Drayton that they should just give up Leatherface. When Drayton argues that he is family, Boss retorts that Leatherface is "simple" and not right "for a Sawyer." Drayton gives in, and Boss yells out to Hooper that they are bringing him out and asks that "Jed gets a good lawyer." Before they can bring out Jedidiah, however, residents of Newt led by Burt Hartman arrive and burn the Sawyer house to the ground, killing Boss and other relatives.
Verna Sawyer Carson.
Verna Sawyer Carson is Drayton's sister and the mother of Loretta Sawyer and grandmother of Edith Sawyer aka Heather Miller. She is portrayed by Marilyn Burns, who also portrayed heroine Sally Hardesty in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre".
Loretta Sissy Sawyer.
Loretta Sawyer is the birth mother of Edith Rose Sawyer/Heather Miller. She is portrayed by Dodie L. Brown in "Texas Chainsaw 3D".
Edith Rose Sawyer / Heather Miller.
Heather Miller is the main protagonist in "Texas Chainsaw 3D" and also the long lost cousin of Jed Sawyer / Leatherface. She is portrayed by Alexandra Daddario. On August 19, 1973, she is shown as a baby when the townspeople of Newt, Texas led by Burt Hartman against the sheriff's horror shoot out the house killing nearly all the Sawyers and burn down their house with a Molotov cocktail. Killing all but "Leatherface", Loretta Sawyer and her illegitimate baby (Edith Sawyer) who managed to sneak out, Loretta shot and dying is found by one of the townspeople who takes baby Edith for his own and immediately kills Loretta with a kick to the head.
On September 29, 2012, Verna dies, leaving her vast estate to Edith Sawyer, now "Heather Miller" who she tracked down years before but decided would be safer away from Newt, Texas. Heather, angry at her abusive adoptive parents, decides to go to Newt with her friends and discover her history. Heather enters the mansion and starts looking around, until Leatherface comes out and kills her friends. He chases Heather all the way to a carnival.
She is captured by Burt Hartman (now the mayor) and used as bait for Leatherface. When he finds her, he discoveres Heather is his cousin thanks to a mark on her chest in the shape of the Sawyer family's symbol and immediately tries to save her from Burt Hartman's vendetta. He is caught and beaten brutally by Burt Hartman and Ollie (another one of the men that killed his family). Heather decides that Leatherface is her best chance of survival and saves him. After Hartman's death they walk back home were Heather reads the letter left by Verna stating the mansion and all the money is hers and warning her about the danger of being a Sawyer and that downstairs lives her only surviving relative "Jed". It also says to take care of him and that he will protect her. She decides to stay by going down to the cellar and taking Jed's tray to make him dinner.
In a post credits scene, Heather's abusive adoptive parents, come to the house in an attempt to weasel her inheritance. They wait by the door until Leatherface comes out with his chainsaw to kill them.
Error in film: According to the events of the story, Heather would have been born around 1972 to 1973. Her grandmother dies in 2012, making her 39–40 years old. The actress who plays Heather/Edith, however, looks much younger and is actually only 27 years old.
The Hewitt Family.
Thomas Brown Hewitt / Leatherface.
In the remake series, Leatherface is named Thomas and lives with his adoptive family, the murderous Hewitts, he is portrayed by Andrew Bryniarski. In this series his family never refers to him as Leatherface, but by his real name. He is also seen taking off his skin masks, which never happened in the original series. His face is revealed to be disfigured by a facial disease. His remake family, the Hewitts, includes his mother Luda Mae, his uncle Monty, his older brother/"uncle" Sheriff Hoyt, and three other members, whose roles have never been explained, like his apparent sister Henrietta, the Tea Lady, a morbidly obese, older woman obsessed with tea, who lives with Henrietta in a small trailer on the Hewitt property and a possible nephew named Jedidiah, a little boy who does not take part in his family's evil exploits. In this series, Leatherface is more of a sadistic serial killer who wants revenge on teenagers than a baby-like retard under his family's control, which the original series portrayed him as. Leatherface/Thomas and his family use torture murder and cannibalism as their modus operandi. The Hewitts also live in a different home than the Sawyers, who lived on a farm, whereas the Hewitts live on an old plantation. Also, the young children and babies taken from victims are kept by Henrietta and the Tea Lady, who raise them up as Hewitts. In the comics based on this series by Wildstorm, Leatherface has two more cousins, the demented Ezekial "Zeke" Hewitt and his simple minded, childlike brother Shiloh Hewitt. In "", Leatherface's first known murder is that of his abusive boss, however this murder is different from others he will later commit, as this murder was a crime of passion, but it is Leatherface's psychotic brother/uncle Sheriff Hoyt who later introduces Leatherface and the rest of his family to the art of murder, which according to the end of Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning, claims the lives of thirty-three people. Unlike the first four films he is not shown as a cross dresser.
The Butcher.
An unnamed character (simply called "The Butcher") similar to the Hitchhiker in both mannerisms and appearance appears in the one-shot comic book "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: Cut!" by Wildstorm, which takes place in the remake continuity of the films. A member of the Hewitt family and brother to Leatherface and an unnamed, Drayton Sawyer-esque character (simply called "The Cook"), the Hitchhiker look-alike utilizes a sledge hammer and bolt stunner as his weapons. In the comic, the character terrorizes and murders two members of a group of teenagers seeking to make an amateur film about the Hewitt family murders, and near the end of it, aids his siblings in slaughtering the film project's director in a manner similar to livestock.
Sheriff Hoyt / Charlie Hewitt Jr..
Charlton "Charlie" Hewitt, Jr., a.k.a. Sheriff Winston Hoyt appears as Leatherface's foster brother in the 2003 remake of the 1974 film "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and its prequel "". He is portrayed by Golden Globe nominee Ronald Lee Ermey.
A POW during the Korean War, Charlie Hewitt is forced into cannibalism to survive, as rations are extremely scarce. Each week, someone has to be killed and eaten. Charlie apparently grows to like the taste of human flesh and later introduces the grisly practice to his family, the Hewitts, who also start to like the taste of human meat.
Charlie, armed with a shotgun, shoots and kills the local sheriff, Winston Hoyt at point-blank range during the sheriff's attempt to apprehend his adopted brother, Thomas for murdering his boss at the meat factory. Charlie then takes on the identity of the murdered sheriff, who was the last member of law enforcement left in Travis County. He uses this new identity to lure teenagers off the road where they meet Leatherface and his family to be killed and eaten. As he guides his family's killing spree, Charlie/Hoyt himself becomes a serial killer and begins to use torture murder as he and his family capture victims they have hatred for. Hoyt is arguably one of the driving forces behind Leatherface's cannibalism and murders, assuring Thomas that the butchery of human beings is no different from the slaughterhouse: "Meat is meat, and bone is bone". Later, Hoyt is present during Leatherface's first chainsaw murder, urging him to go forward and cheering him on at the same time. A gruff, perverse, foul mouthed, mean-spirited bully, who often uses false arrest and police brutality (usually with his police baton) on young adults, whom Hoyt hates and looks at as dope smoking, hippy protesters. Hoyt not only makes no effort to conceal his contempt for everyone around him, he seems to revel in it. For example, when he is called to investigate the suicide of a young girl in the first film, he leers at the corpse and cracks jokes about his predilection for "copping a feel" on dead female bodies. He's killed in the remake when the only survivor, Erin runs him over repeatedly in his own police car while escaping from the Hewitts. Hoyt, like the rest of his relatives, has a sick sense of family pride and a strong hatred of outsiders. Apparently, either due to the complicated relationship between Hoyt and Leatherface, or the fact that Hoyt does not accept him as a "true" brother because of them not being biologically related, Hoyt views Leatherface as his nephew rather than his brother. In the Texas Chainsaw Massacre comics, Hoyt refers to himself as "Uncle Charlie" and encourages a young Leatherface's murderous impulses, "Uncle" Charlie even shoots and kills a bully who Leatherface recently attacked and was skinning/flaying alive, after the bully assaulted Leatherface earlier at a swimming hole. Father Charlie's only criticism being that Thomas needs to "learn how to fix 'em proper", Charlie then takes the body and dumps it in a lake. In the prequel, Hoyt refers to Leatherface as his nephew, as does the real sheriff, though both Hoyt and Leatherface view Luda Mae as their mother, and Monty as their uncle. Also, it is revealed in the deleted and additional scenes with audio commentary on the prequel, that Hoyt was supposed to be the Uncle figure in Leatherface's life. Charlie/Hoyt is apparently named after his father, as his mother Luda Mae refers to him as "Junior", and his father, Charlie Sr., is implied at being a farmer, as Hoyt quotes him as saying that "if you want to be a good farmer, you have to keep your livestock clean, a clean goat is a happy goat".
Hoyt also appears in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre comics and is the main character in the comic "Hoyt by himself" which reveals more about his time in the war revealing that during a mission he was captured by a man named Sergeant Chow (the main villain of the book) Chow locks Hewitt up in a POW camp and feeds him the remains of several dead prisoners there, causing his addiction to human meat, one day Hewitt kills Chow with the bone of one of the prisoners he ate before using his shotgun to escape the camp, he goes defunct and returns home to the Hewitt house where he convinces his family who are too poor to buy any food to commit to homicidal cannibalism. In Avatar Press' The Texas Chainsaw Massacre comics, set between the events of the first film and The Beginning, Hoyt regularly appeared, most often having unwary travellers venture to the Hewitt home where he and family would butcher them. Hoyt is depicted as exceedingly sadistic in the comics, regularly mocking and torturing victims to the point of mutilating them, justifying his actions under a "they got what they deserved"-esque pretense, as shown when he forces an escaped convict and drug dealer to snort cleaning chemicals. Of note, the Avatar Press comics have Hoyt referred to by the name Junior by his family. In the Wildstorm comics, a character very similar to Hoyt appears, he is named "Hank" and is a murderous slaughterhouse worker. When a cameraman and newswoman came to interview him and other butchers about the murderers, he gave them a graphic tour of the slaughterhouse, showing them various animals being killed and how the meat was rendered. Later, when one of their crew went missing, the two went back inside only for Hank to reappear and attack them. After knocking them both out with a cattle-prod, Hank proceeded to torture and ultimately murder the cameraman in the same exact way that the animals were prepared (by slitting the throat and letting the blood drain, and then tossing him into a vat of scalding hot water before 'rendering' the meat) while the newswoman watched. The newswoman managed to escape, with Hank in hot pursuit. He was stopped dead in his tracks by FBI Agent Baines, the uncle of Pepper (one of Leatherface's victims from the remake film). Believing Hank to be responsible for his niece's death, Baines managed to find a stray chainsaw and engaged the slaughterman in a chainsaw duel. Although Baines was wounded by Hank's weapon, Baines gained the upper hand and managed to dismember and ultimately kill Hank. Although Hank is never identified as Hoyt, he did bear a strong resemblance to the character leading some to believe that he was in fact the sheriff from the remake films. When artist Wes Craig was asked, he responded by saying while he wouldn't confirm whether or not Hank was Hoyt, that the similarity between the two characters was indeed intentional. " I don't really want to say if that was Hoyt or not, it might have been him, might have been his twin, who knows (okay I know but I'm not telling). But yes it was supposed to look like Hoyt. " said Craig.
The Cook.
A character very similar to Drayton Sawyer, in both appearance and mannerisms, appears in the Wildstorm comics continuation of the remake series, though his specialty is not chili, but ribs. He is referred to as The Cook (real name unknown), and is one of the modern members of the Hewitt family. He lives in the Hewitt household in Travis County with Leatherface and an unnamed butcher. As his title suggests, he specializes in food preparation and often attends the annual "Meatfest" event. At Meatfest, the Cook offers guests a sampling of his "Texas beef ribs", which are presumably made from people, not cattle. In the comic "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: Cut!", which took place in 2007, the Cook met an amateur film maker named Mike who wanted to make a movie based on the famous Hewitt murders of 1974. The Cook invited Mike and his three colleagues to the Hewitt house though they were unaware that he was actually one of the cannibal family members. The Cook's family members, the Butcher and Leatherface killed the four film enthusiasts whereupon they were taken into the family slaughter room. The Cook was last seen attending Meatfest '08, once again serving up his special ribs.
Luda Mae Hewitt.
Luda Mae Hewitt appeared in the 2003 remake and its prequel, "". She was portrayed by Marietta Marich. She is the head of the Hewitt family and the main antagonist of the remake continuity.
Luda Mae Hewitt is the matriarch of the Hewitt family and the mother of Sheriff Hoyt. She found the young baby who would later become Leatherface abandoned in a dumpster, and took him in to raise him as her son, naming him Thomas Brown Hewitt.
Luda Mae runs a local butcher shop in Texas, selling meat from the people her son Hoyt captures and her adoptive son Thomas kills and cuts up, and is the first member of Leatherface's family that the teenaged protagonists meet in the first film. Unlike in the original 1974 film, in which Leatherface's family was somewhat abusive to him, Luda Mae is fiercely protective of him. Part of her hatred towards the teenagers is due to the abuse that her deformed, mute, intellectually disabled son suffered as a child at the hands of bullies. On the commentary for the DVD release the writers revealed a cut plotline that, prior to the prequel's continuity, involved Leatherface's abusive father locking him in a woodshack for three years. Once her husband dies, Luda Mae vows that she had stood by long enough and decides to look after her son and take responsibility for his shortcomings. Though Luda Mae states that she "never had a little girl", she appears very close to the character of Henrietta, leading to the possibility that she is her mother, or at the very least related. She also appears very close to the obese character of the Tea Lady. Like the other members of her clan, Luda Mae has a deranged sense of family pride.
Marich has commented that "Luda Mae is the matriarch of what I like to call the 'killer brood'. I always make up a personal history of characters I play, so I suspect that Luda Mae was a homeless young woman who had to make her own way during the Depression. When she finds Thomas, she takes him home, even though he's disfigured and hideously ugly, and protects him as much as possible from the cruel people he encounters and the world at large. That's her main purpose, and the only reason Luda Mae sticks around". In the prequel, she, with the rest of the Hewitt family, are discovered to be cannibals, something only implied in the first film. Like the mother of real killer Ed Gein (whom Thomas is based on), Luda Mae appears to have religious fanatic beliefs, which are seen when the Hewitts inform a captive that their murders are redemption for the victims' sins, and when Luda Mae demands that Hoyt say grace before every meal. Luda Mae is also seen still wearing her wedding ring.
Luda Mae is a prominent character in Wildstorm Comics's continuation of the movies. With the family exposed after the events of the first film, the comics finds the Hewitt family living in a series of tunnels in the sewers of Travis County. In the comics Luda Mae has become, perhaps in light of Sheriff Hoyt's death, more of a leader figure to the family than she was in the films. She exhibits more depravity as well (at one point snapping a victim's neck to prepare dinner) but still believes what she does is necessary for her family's survival, and that outsiders don't understand what she's been through and have no right to judge her.
Luda Mae also appears in the one-shot "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: About a Boy". Taking place in Leatherface's teenage years, the story has a concerned teacher named Mr. Hanson meeting with Luda Mae. Hanson tells her about evidence of Thomas' various problems, such as disturbing drawings in his notebooks and skins made from animals he has caught and killed himself. Throughout the conversation, Luda Mae remains apathetic, stating that "There's nothing wrong with my boy". When the frustrated teacher threatens to contact the city about Thomas, Luda Mae retaliates, bashing in the teacher's head with a shovel and killing him, once again proclaiming that there was nothing wrong with her son.
Henrietta Hewitt.
The apparent daughter of the Tea Lady, though her exact relationship to the Hewitt Family is unknown. Prior to the events of the 1973 Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Henrietta lived in a trailer with her corpulent tea-drinking mother (name unknown) not far from the Hewitt residence. In the 2003 movie Henrietta adopted/stole an infant from a woman who committed suicide, but the child was later rescued by Erin Hardesty. Henrietta appears as a sickly, homely girl in a dirty house coat and slippers. In the Wildstorm comics, Henrietta along with her mother the Tea Lady, drug and raped FBI agent Henkel. It was her hope that Henkel would leave her pregnant with child. Henrietta is present when a grenade explodes in her family's secret hideout. She is not present in the novelization of the 2003 remake, but instead her character has been replaced by the Tea Lady, whose name is revealed to be Henrietta. She is portrayed by Heather Kafka.
Monty Hewitt.
Monty Hewitt is Luda Mae Hewitt's brother and the uncle of Leatherface and Sheriff Hoyt. He is featured in the 2003 remake and its prequel. Monty is portrayed by Terrence Evans in both movies.
Monty Hewitt (also known as Old Monty) appears as a bitter, lecherous old man with two amputated legs, who permanently uses a wheelchair. After Sheriff Hoyt kills a biker's girlfriend, the biker seeks revenge on the Hewitts and attacks Monty by shooting him in the leg with a .357 magnum. As a bit of impromptu "surgery", Hoyt orders Leatherface to remove the wounded leg with his chainsaw. Leatherface accidentally nicks Monty's second leg, so Hoyt tells him to remove that as well to lower the risk of infection, and for "balance". Before his accident, Monty worked as a tow truck driver, which is seen in the .
Old Monty has an unnamed pet dog and is the third member of Leatherface's family to meet the stranded teenagers in the first film who eventually become Leatherface's victims (the first being Luda Mae and the second being Jedidiah Hewitt) and he is the one to first summon the killer by repeatedly tapping his cane against the floor. His exact role in the family is still unclear, with various people on the film speculating that he is either Luda Mae's husband or brother (or both), though Luda Mae and her children act like it is her brother. In "" (2006) Monty shows he has hardly any interest in killing innocent people and also claims he wants nothing to do with it. Yet later on Monty seems to have become a lot more bitter and hateful towards outsiders. It is also implied in the films and comics, that over time Monty became more of a sexual predator/paraphiliac as his family's killing spree began to increase. In the novelization of the 2003 remake, Old Monty is presented as Thomas Hewitt's father and Luda Mae's husband, the nature of his leg injury is also different from the one shown in the 2006 prequel, in the novel, a young Leatherface chops his abusive father's legs off with a cleaver, however it states in the novel that Monty sees his son's actions as the proudest moment of his raising of the boy.
In "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" comics by Avatar Press, set between the events of the remake and prequel, Monty appears as a prominent character; the Avatar Press comics depict Monty as somewhat more depraved and vicious then the films, with the 2006 miniseries "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Grind" having him strangle a girl to death and later attempt to rape the girl's foster sister, who escapes by punching Monty in the head repeatedly after freeing herself from the restraints he has her in.
Jedidiah Hewitt.
The youngest and most sane member of the murderous Hewitt family. Jedidiah is also the grandson of Luda Mae Hewitt and the brother of Leatherface/Thomas Hewitt. He is also Sheriff Hoyt's son. Though he was witness to the atrocities committed by his elder family members, Jedidiah had yet to develop the sense of depraved family pride that governed the actions of his kindred. In the 2003 film Jedidiah helps Erin and Morgan escape the Hewitt's home. His one known act of violence was in the Wildstorm comics, when in defense of his grandmother, Jedidiah stabbed FBI agent Hooper through the chest, then split his head open with a meat cleaver after the agent tried to arrest Luda Mae and the rest of Jedidiah's family. It is stated on the audio commentary for the remake that Jedidiah was supposed to be the child one of the Hewitts' victims. This may be supported by the fact that he does not appear in the prequel, "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning." In the novelization of the remake, Leatherface murders his nephew with his chainsaw after Jedidiah helps Erin escape the family. This was omitted from the film since it was considered to be too violent. He is portrayed by David Dorfman.
Tea Lady Hewitt.
The most mysterious member of the Hewitt clan. She is Luda Mae's younger sister. Almost nothing is known about her, including her real name. The Tea Lady (so named due to her fondness, and seeming obsession with tea) lived in a trailer with her daughter Henrietta not far from the Hewitt household. The Tea Lady is morbidly obese and is often seen sitting down, although she is able to walk. In 1973, the Tea Lady had a brief encounter with Erin Hardesty, which ended with the two women drink spiking the girl with drugged tea. The Tea Lady also has a good relationship with the Hewitts, Henrietta and Luda Mae are very close friends, leading to the possibility that they are related. In the Wildstorm comics, the Tea Lady appears more deranged than she was in the movies. The Wildstorm comics also portray the Tea Lady as suffering from a type of dementia, as she is seemingly unaware of the actions of those around her. Though she bears witness to the Hewitt family's macabre actions, she neither condones nor condemns them. Along with Henrietta, the Tea Lady drugged and raped FBI Agent Henkel. The Tea Lady was also present when a hand grenade belonging to another federal agent named Baines exploded in the Hewitt's secret underground grotto. The Tea Lady was very close to the blast, but it remains unknown whether or not she survived the explosion. In the novelization of the 2003 remake, the Tea Lady is named Henrietta and lives by herself, she is also presented as Leatherface's older sister. She is portrayed by Kathy Lamkin.
Shiloh Hewitt.
Shiloh Hewitt is the brother to Ezekiel "Zeke" Hewitt and a cousin to Leatherface. He appears in the Wildstorm Comics as a distant member of the family. He also appears to be mentally deficient, possibly due to inbreeding. He and his brother try to capture victims with his cousins, and also steal a vehicle that Leatherface hides in. He and Zeke later are present when the FBI infiltrates the Hewitt Family's hideout beneath the sewers. During the fight, a grenade is thrown at him and his brother and he throws himself on it, blowing him to shreds.
Zeke Hewitt.
Ezekiel "Zeke" Hewitt is the brother of Shiloh and a cousin to Leatherface. He appears in the Wildstorm Comics as a distant member of the family. He is smarter than his brother, but still lacks sanity. He is a cannibal and very vicious to the victims of his family. With his brother, Zeke kidnaps several victims and drives a truck that Leatherface hides in. During the infiltration by the FBI, Zeke is killed by a grenade that his brother tried to cover.
Adam Hewitt.
Adam is Henrietta's husband and cousin, though dead, he is the mentioned in the Wildstorm Comic "Cain and Abel" as the father of her sons, Cain Hewitt, Jr. and Abel Hewitt, Jr. There is no mention to how he died, only that he would have loved to meet his children.
Cal Hewitt.
Cal Hewitt is the uncle to Cain and Abel Hewitt, and a cousin to Leatherface. He is shown in the comic, "Cain and Abel" helping Abel Hewitt, Jr. hunt and kill Humans for their meat. He is shown to be vicious and remorseless, even going so far as to rape a victim in front of his nephew. He is later killed by the police.
Cain Hewitt-Warner.
The twin brother to Abel Hewitt, Jr. and a nephew/cousin to Leatherface. He appears in the comics "Cain and Abel" being the son of Henrietta and Adam Hewitt. In the comics, Henrietta left to find food for her children, but was caught in some trouble and she lost him. He was found and adopted by a normal family who renamed him Cain Warner. However, as he grew, he had a type of shared feeling with his twin brother, when hunting and doing other things. He eventually grew up to become a police officer, but after finding out who his family were and that he had a brother, he rejoined the family.
Abel Hewitt, Jr..
Abel was the twin brother to Cain Hewitt-Warner, the son of Henrietta Hewitt, and a nephew/cousin to Leatherface. He appears in the comics "Cain and Abel" being the son of Henrietta and Adam Hewitt. In the comics, Henrietta left to find food for her children, but was caught in some trouble and she lost Cain. Abel grew up with a shared feeling with his brother, especially during hunting. He was taught how to become a killer by his uncle Cal Hewitt. Eventually, he was found by his brother to be hiding out with the family and convinced him to rejoin the family. He later had a child with his cousin and named him Cain Hewitt III.
Clem Hewitt.
Clem Hewitt is an older member of the Hewitt Family, possibly another son of Luda-Mae Hewitt. He appears in the Wildstorm Comics.
Lyle Hewitt.
Lyle is a member of the Hewitt Family and a cousin to Leatherface. He appears in the Wildstorm Comics.

</doc>
<doc id="19188489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188489" title="NetMusicZone Records">
NetMusicZone Records

netMusicZone Records is a record company based in Bad Hindelang, Germany. They are distributed by Rough Trade Distribution. Notable artists include Anne Clark and the Klaxons.

</doc>
<doc id="19188490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188490" title="Cyrill Demian">
Cyrill Demian

Cyrill Demian (1772–1847)of Armenian origin, made his living as an organ and piano maker, with his two sons Karl and Guido, in Mariahilfer Straße No. 43 in Vienna, Austria. On May 6, 1829, Cyrill and his two sons presented a new instrument to the authorities for patent - the accordion. The patent was officially granted on May 23, 1829.
Modern References.
Garfield Comic Strip - March 30, 1999 
[http://images.ucomics.com/comics/ga/1999/ga990330.gif]
Demian's Accordion Description.
Its appearance essentially consists of a little box with feathers of metal plates and bellows fixed to it, in such a way that it can easily be carried, and therefore traveling visitors to the country will appreciate the instrument.
It is possible to perform marches, arias, melodies, even by an amateur of music with little practice, and to play the loveliest and most pleasant chords of 3, 4, 5 etc. voices after instruction.
The First Accordion Debate.
The advent of the accordion is the subject of debate among researchers. Many credit Christian Friedrich Ludwig Buschmann, as the inventor of the accordion, while others give the distinction to Cyrill Demian an Armenian from the Romanian city of Gherla (ancient Armenopolis) living in Vienna, who patented his Accordion in 1829, thus coining the name. A modification of the Handäoline, Demian’s invention comprised a small manual bellows and five keys, although, as Demian noted in a description of the instrument, extra keys could be incorporated into the design. Numerous variations of the device soon followed.
The Accordion Assembly.
1st - In a box 7 to 9 inches long, 3½ inches wide and 2 inches high, feathers of metal plates are fixed, which were known for more than 200 years as Regale, Zungen, Schnarrwerk, in organs.
2nd - With bellows fixed to the above box and its 5 claves fixed below, even an amateur of music can play the loveliest and most moving chords of 3, 4 and 5 voices with very little practice.
3rd - Each claves or key of this instrument allows two different chords to be heard, as many keys are fixed to it, double as many chords can be heard, pulling the bellows a key gives one chord, while pushing the bellows gives the same key a second chord.
4th - As this instrument can be made with 4, 5 and 6 or even more claves, with chords arranged in alphabetical order, many well known arias, melodies and marches, etc. may be performed similar to the harmony of 3, 4 and 5 voices, with satisfaction of all anticipations of delicacy and vastly amazing comfort in increasing and decreasing sound volume.
5th - The instrument is of the same size as the attached illustration, with 5 claves and 10 chords, not heavier than 32 to 36 Loth Loth = approx. 16 g, MW, only if there are more chords will it become longer and some Loths heavier, so it is easy and comfortable to carry and should be a welcome invention for travelers, country and parties visiting individuals of both sexes, especially as it can be played without the help of anybody.
Bellows
With the cover of the bellows, the entire instrument may be doubled, in order to play more chords or more single tones, in this case, keyboard, the bellows remain in the middle, while each hand controls in turn, either the claves or the bellows.
The above mentioned duplication of the instrument or adding more chords, would not make anything better to anybody, or give something new, as only the parts would increase, and the instrument more expensive and heavier. The instrument costs 12 to 16/M M, the difference in price results in a more elegant or worse-looking appearance.
"We think that it is the most excellent innovation, that with one claves, a complete chord can be played." 
References.
"Britannica Online Encyclopedia : http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/157064/Cyrill-Demian"
"The Classical Free-Reed, Inc. Demian's Accordion Patent : http://www.ksanti.net/free-reed/history/demian.html"
"Garfield of the day : http://www.listen-project.de/garfield/index.php?date=30.03.1999"

</doc>
<doc id="19188504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188504" title="Ras Gharib">
Ras Gharib

Ras Gharib ( "" ) is a municipality in the Red Sea Governorate, Egypt, situated on the African side of the Gulf of Suez. It is the second-largest city in the governorate after Hurghada, and one of the leading centers of petroleum production in Egypt, having housed the main operations for first the Anglo-Egyptian Oil Company (a branch of Royal Dutch Shell) and then the Egyptian national petroleum company. For a time it was the capital of the Red Sea Governorate.

</doc>
<doc id="19188516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188516" title="Finmere railway station">
Finmere railway station

Finmere was a railway station on the former Great Central Main Line which ran between and London Marylebone. It was opened in 1899 and served the nearby village of Finmere. The station was closed 1963 and the line through it was closed in 1966.
History.
Construction and opening.
Finmere station was on the Great Central Railway, the last English main line to be built in 1899 and the first to be closed in 1966. The section of the line between Brackley and Quainton Road was to be constructed by Walter Scott & Co., civil engineers from Newcastle-upon-Tyne at a cost of £420,000. The construction of the section through Finmere necessitated considerable earthworks, the remains of which can still be seen today. To the north, a cutting of 180,000 cubic yards had to be excavated, while to the south the railway crossed an embankment which required the excavation of nearly 200,000 cubic yards. The earthworks were required as a consequence of the Great Central's policy to eliminate level crossings on the London Extension, regarding them as a source of danger, inconvenience and cost. This resulted in the construction of bridges for crossings both large and small, including a timber overbridge to the north of Finmere for the convenience of the local Grafton Hunt.
Opened in March 1899, Finmere typified the Great Central's style of station which was reached "via" a flight of steps leading up from the centre of a road underbridge, each track having a separate bridge span. A house was provided for the stationmaster and land set aside for the future provision of railway cottages. At a distance of from Marylebone and from Finmere village, the station had a small goods yard with a cattle pen, coal staithes and a goods store. The station was originally named ""Finmere for Buckingham"", but as Buckingham was away and served by the LNWR's Buckingham station, it was hardly convenient to alight at Finmere in order to reach the historic county town. Traps waited under the shelter of the road underbridge to ferry passengers to their destinations. Local entrepreneurs soon took advantage of the railway's presence to launch new ventures - a livestock market was opened on land adjacent to the station by Paxton & Holiday, while construction of the Shelswell Inn began in May 1900. A further bonus for the railway was the opening of Stowe School in 1923; situated a short distance across the nearby fields, the school's nearest station was Finmere and it provided a useful form of transportation for staff and pupils alike.
Operations.
The station became a popular alighting place for day-trippers from London and two or three special services ran on Sundays bringing as many as fifty or sixty excursionists to the area who often found they had to walk the four miles to Buckingham in the absence of local conveyances. A slip coach service to Buckingham was introduced in 1923 to take advantage of the wealthy and prominent commuters who were now living in the area; these included Admiral Roger Keyes and Captain Ferrass Loftus who both lived at Tingewick, the banker L. Fleischmann of Chetwode Manor and Charles William Trotter, a director of the LNER who lived at Barton Hartshorn Manor. A slip coach on the 18.20 from Marylebone reached Finmere at 19.28, the guard releasing the last carriage as the service approached the station and this carriage braking as it entered Finmere which enabled expresses to continue without stopping. After setting down at Finmere, slip coaches were worked forward to Woodford. The fastest service to Marylebone from Finmere in 1922 took one hour and nine minutes on an express which only stopped at Aylesbury, although the first service of the day took slightly longer, departing at 07.59 and not arriving in Marylebone until 09.48.
Decline and closure.
Although the station saw regular use during the Second World War due to its proximity to military camps and airfields, patronage began to decline after the war in the face of increased competition from buses and the private motorcar. Eventually, the only really busy periods came at the start and end of the school terms at Stowe. Proposals to close the station circulated by the British Transport Commission in 1961 and Finmere Parish Council joined with Oxfordshire County Council in objecting to closure. It subsequently closed to passenger traffic in March 1963, goods facilities being withdrawn a year later. After the station closed trains continue to pass through it until closure of the Great Central Main Line in September 1966.
Present day.
The twin road overbridge has survived, although in an overgrown state.

</doc>
<doc id="19188531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188531" title="1996 Croatian Indoors – Singles">
1996 Croatian Indoors – Singles

Following are the results of the 1996 Croatian Indoors – Singles competition. The 1996 Croatian Indoors was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Dom Sportova in Zagreb in Croatia and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from 29 January through 4 February 1996.
Goran Ivanišević won in the final 3–6, 6–3, 6–2 against Cédric Pioline.

</doc>
<doc id="19188547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188547" title="Denny Mundee">
Denny Mundee

Denny William John Mundee (born October 10, 1968 in Swindon) is an English former professional footballer. 
Mundee began his career as an apprentice with Queens Park Rangers, but turned professional in August 1986 on joining his hometown side Swindon Town. He failed to make the Swindon first team and was released, joining Bournemouth. He had a spell on loan with Salisbury City and also spent part of the 1988-89 season on loan to Yeovil Town. In September 1989, he joined Torquay United on loan, playing nine league games. He left Bournemouth on a free transfer in 1993, signing for Brentford that August. He moved to Brighton & Hove Albion on a free transfer in October 1995.
He was one of five players released by Brighton in December 1997 and tried to join Dorchester Town. However, with his contract still held by Brighton he was twice listed for this Dorchester debut, but unable to play. He joined Salisbury City later that month. He subsequently moved to Clevedon Town and in February 1998 moved to Bath City. He was released by Bath City at the end of the 1997-98 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19188548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188548" title="Andy McClay">
Andy McClay

Andrew "Andy" McClay (born 26 November 1972, in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Rutherglen Glencairn.
Career.
McClay began his career with junior side Maryhill. In the summer of 1998, he was part of the Junior revolution which swept through Clyde, being one of eleven players coming from the junior ranks to join the Bully Wee. He was captain of the team which won the Scottish Second Division championship in 2000. McClay was a fans favourite at Clyde, but he was very injury prone, playing only 18 games in his final three seasons with the club.
McClay left Clyde in 2002, and returned to former club Maryhill, before joining Pollok.

</doc>
<doc id="19188555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188555" title="Psalm (Paul Motian album)">
Psalm (Paul Motian album)

Psalm is the fifth album by Paul Motian to be released on the ECM label. It was released in 1982 and features the first recordings by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano, along with Ed Schuller and Billy Drewes.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The eight compositions by drummer Paul Motian on this ECM release (which is available on CD) are rather dry and none caught on as future standards. But the playing by Motian's sidemen (tenors Joe Lovano and Billy Drewes, bassist Ed Schuller and especially the remarkable guitarist Bill Frisell) uplifted the music and gave this group a strong personality of its own. Although the results are not all that memorable, the music should please adventurous listeners. ".

</doc>
<doc id="19188562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188562" title="Gossip Girl">
Gossip Girl

Gossip Girl is an American teen drama television series based on the book series of the same name written by Cecily von Ziegesar. The series, created by Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage, originally ran on The CW for six seasons from September 19, 2007 to December 17, 2012. Narrated by the omniscient blogger "Gossip Girl," voiced by Kristen Bell, the series revolves around the lives of privileged young adults on Manhattan's Upper East Side in New York City.
The series begins with the return of Upper East Side it girl Serena van der Woodsen (Blake Lively) from a mysterious stay at a boarding school in Cornwall, Connecticut. Blair Waldorf (Leighton Meester), whom creators describe as the queen at the center of their chess game, is a longtime friend and occasional rival of Serena's, and the queen bee of Constance Billard School's social scene. The story also follows Chuck Bass (Ed Westwick), the bad boy of the Upper East Side; "golden boy" Nate Archibald (Chace Crawford), Chuck's best friend and Blair's boyfriend for many years. However, their relationship had been rocky ever since Serena left for boarding school. Other characters of the turbulent Manhattan scene: Dan Humphrey (Penn Badgley), Dan's best friend Vanessa Abrams (Jessica Szohr), and Dan's sister, Jenny Humphrey (Taylor Momsen).
The success of "Gossip Girl" led to adaptations outside the United States. The show has received numerous award nominations, winning 18 Teen Choice Awards. The CW officially renewed "Gossip Girl" for a sixth and final season on May 11, 2012. The final season, consisting of 10 episodes, premiered on October 8, 2012, and ended on December 17, 2012.
Production.
Development.
The "Gossip Girl" book series was originally supposed to be adapted into a film starring Lindsay Lohan with head "Gilmore Girls" creator Amy Sherman-Palladino. When the film project did not get off the ground, Stephanie Savage and Josh Schwartz took over the project to create a television series. As of October 2006, Schwartz was working on the pilot. He said: "I was very skeptical. I don't want to do "The O.C. NYC". But I thought the books were smart. The characters are worldly in a way that Orange County kids aren't." The characteristics for each character in the pilot were based on the first "Gossip Girl" book. In January 2007, the show was given the green light by The CW.
Production team.
"The O.C." creator Josh Schwartz and fellow writer Stephanie Savage have served as the show's executive producers throughout the series' run, followed by Bob Levy and Leslie Morgenstein of Alloy Entertainment, who were assigned in aiding the adaptation of the novels into the series. Following the success of "Gossip Girl", "Gilmore Girls" co-producer, John Stephens was approached by Schwartz and Savage, having previously worked with him on "The O.C.", and hired him as an executive producer. Joshua Safran, who started as a writer/consulting producer before becoming co-executive producer, was later added as an executive producer. On April 24, 2012, it was announced that he would leave the show at the end of the fifth season to be the new showrunner of NBC's now-cancelled musical series "Smash". To fill in Safran's void, co-executive producer Sara Goodman was promoted to executive producer for the sixth season. Alexandra Patsavas who worked with Schwartz on "The O.C." was in charge of the music. Eric Daman was at the head of the costume department; he previously had assisted Patricia Field on "Sex and the City".
Casting.
Featuring nine regular speaking roles, the majority of the ensemble cast was assembled from February to April 2007. Leighton Meester and Blake Lively - who started auditioning in December 2006 - were the first two actresses to be chosen in February for the lead roles of Blair Waldorf and Serena van der Woodsen, respectively. Penn Badgley, who had previously worked with Stephanie Savage on "The Mountain", Taylor Momsen, Chace Crawford, Kelly Rutherford and Connor Paolo also auditioned successfully and landed roles in the series in March, as did Florencia Lozano who appeared only in the pilot, and was replaced by Margaret Colin. Badgley had initially turned down the part of Dan. Actors for the roles of Chuck Bass and Rufus Humphrey were found in April when English actor Ed Westwick, and Matthew Settle were cast. Westwick first read for the role of Nate but was then asked to try Chuck. As rumors swirled about the impending cancellation of "Veronica Mars", it was revealed at The CW's 2007 Upfronts on May 17, 2007 that Kristen Bell had narrated the pilot, thus making her the title character of another show on the network. Jessica Szohr was signed on to portray the recurring role of Vanessa Abrams and received regular status during the fourteenth episode of the first season. Kaylee DeFer joined the series in the eighteenth episode of the fourth season and was promoted to series regular for the show's fifth season.
At the conclusion of the fourth season, Momsen, who went on an indefinite hiatus during the season while retaining regular billing, and Jessica Szhor both left the show. Throughout the series' run, Connor Paolo consistently declined to elevate his recurring role of Eric van der Woodsen to regular status, citing personal reasons for his decision. After becoming a regular on the ABC series "Revenge", Paolo confirmed his departure from "Gossip Girl" in August 2011.
As the show progressed, numerous recurring guest stars appeared in the show. Michelle Trachtenberg signed on to portray Georgina Sparks. The role had previously been offered to Mischa Barton who passed. Francie Swift and Sam Robards took the parental roles of Anne and Howard Archibald, respectively. Caroline Lagerfelt portrayed Celia "CeCe" Rhodes, Serena and Eric's grandmother and Lily's mother. Sebastian Stan made several appearances as Carter Baizen throughout the show's first three seasons.
Filming locations.
Primarily filming in New York, "Gossip Girl" has been declared by "New York Magazine" as the "Most Restauranty Show Since "Sex and the City"," citing the pilot episode filming locales such as the Japanese restaurant, Geisha, the Campbell Apartment where Nate and Serena were filmed having sex and the New York Palace Hotel bar Gilt. Other New York City landmarks and well-known establishments were filmed throughout the first season. "Victor/Victrola" filmed the fictional infamous Chuck Bass burlesque club, Victrola, at The Box Manhattan, a sister club to The Box Soho in London. The fictional Constance Billard-St.Judes School, based on novel writer Cecily Von Ziegesar's alma mater, Nightingale-Bamford used external shots of the Museum of the City of New York.
The second season premiered at the Hamptons and began filming in mid-June. The season premiere opening montage showed a scene at Cooper's Beach that was instead filmed in Rockaway Beach followed by an elaborate white party. For the sixth episode of the season, Columbia University was used to film the Yale campus, an episode that followed disappointment from Yale fans due to its erroneous portrayal of the admissions process and reliance on Ivy League university stereotypes. During the season's seventh episode, the Brooklyn Inn is integrated into the show. Remaining true to its New York locations, the show filmed at the Russian Tea Room.
The fourth season premiered on September 13, 2010 with the first two episodes filmed in Paris. "New York Magazine" revealed several locations shot at the French University, La Sorbonne in the Latin District (or Quartier Latin) of Paris on July 5. Other locations include the Musée d'Orsay, the Eiffel Tower, the Gare du Nord, Avenue Montaigne. and Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Columbia University became the primary filming location for the first few episodes of the season following the Paris story arc.
The fifth season premiered on September 26, 2011 with the first two episodes filmed in Los Angeles, California.
Because of its location in New York, executive producer Stephanie Savage said "We were quickly told it would be too expensive, too complicated" at the beginning of the series. She told it had been proposed to shoot in a Los Angeles studio that would recreate Central Park but they eventually filmed the series in New York. Savage explained their choice to film there: "There's no New York City on TV, or there wasn't when we started making the pilot, except what you could see in the background behind the dead bodies on cop shows. We've never seen the city from the point of view of teenagers. It felt like a world with high stakes for young people." Schwartz added: "What's funny about these teenagers is they grew up watching "Sex and the City", even though it wasn't about them. And I think they've probably incorporated that into how they mythologize New York. I fought really hard to shoot the show in New York because we want New York to be a character in the show." Many scenes were filmed in the Empire Hotel on the Upper West Side.
Episode format.
Each episode begins with the home page of the Gossip Girl website with Serena's picture from the pilot episode. Afterward, a recap of events relevant to the upcoming narrative is shown, which ends again with the home page of the website, only this time with a picture from other character(s) with a text about a recent event connected with the picture.
The narrator is Gossip Girl, voiced by Kristen Bell. She begins the recap with the sentence "Gossip Girl here, your one and only source into the scandalous lives of Manhattan's elite," and ends the recap with whispered voices saying "Where has she been?" "Serena" then the voice of Gossip Girl says: "And who am I?! That's one secret I'll never tell. You know you love me.. XO XO Gossip Girl."
During each episode, there is always an event taking place, whether small or large. Joshua Safran explained, "we structure it show so that every week, the episode leads to an event. I feel like it is much like a procedural."
Cultural references.
All of the episodes' titles are based on the name of a film or a novel. For example, episode "The Wild Brunch" evokes western film "The Wild Bunch" and "Seventeen Candles" "Sixteen Candles". Episode "All About My Brother" refers to Pedro Almodóvar's "All About My Mother" while "Pret-a-Poor-J" came from "Prêt-à-Porter". "There Might Be Blood" took its title from 2007 film "There Will Be Blood". "The Serena Also Rises" was titled after novel "The Sun Also Rises". Episode "Easy J." was titled after Emma Stone's hit movie "Easy A". Episode "The Age of Dissonance," which was titled after Edith Wharton's novel "The Age of Innocence", saw a high school production of the novel taking place. Also "The Blair Witch Project" (horror movie) into an episode called "The Blair Bitch Project."
Joshua Safran said, "we draw from classic works like "Les Liaisons Dangereuses" and "The Great Gatsby" as much as we do from pop culture."
Product placement.
"Gossip Girl" is known for its product placement. The show had a contract with Verizon Wireless for its first five seasons; all the characters were seen with phones chosen by the brand until the deal ended by the sixth season. During their contract, Verizon Wireless offered exclusive "Gossip Girl" content and created a website where ringtones of the songs featured on the show could be downloaded. In the summer of 2008, executives of VitaminWater approached The CW for a placement deal. During the second season, the drinks were mentioned several times in dialogues. The partnership helped pay the costs of shooting on location in the Hamptons. An HP TouchPad was prominently displayed in an episode of the sixth season. According to OneNewsNow.com, other sponsors have included Procter & Gamble, L'Oreal, Target and Johnson & Johnson, which allowed the series to earn $28.2 million in ad dollars in 2007.
Cast and characters.
The first episodes of the first season included the original concept from the books, mainly following the lives of the five wealthy and privileged teenage characters in their high school years. Serena van der Woodsen (Blake Lively) is often described as the 'it girl'. It is revealed that she has had a scandalous past that continues to haunt her throughout the show and she is notorious for her many on-again, off-again relationships with countless male characters as well as for her rebellious drive outs. Dan Humphrey (Penn Badgley) is an outsider who becomes a part of the turbulent Manhattan scene, an aspiring writer and fairly straight-arrow guy with a good heart and morals. Blair Waldorf (Leighton Meester) is the beautiful Queen Bee of Constance Billard School's social scene, as well as Serena's best friend and occasional rival. Nate Archibald (Chace Crawford) is the perfect "Golden Boy" of the Upper East Side, always being fought over by the prominent female characters, and deals with a lot of issues that compromise his "perfect" life. Chuck Bass (Ed Westwick) serves as the show's antihero, being a womanizer and party lover with a troubled life and past that provide a hidden vulnerable side.
Besides the five regulars cast members mentioned above, three more characters appeared in the pilot episode. Jenny Humphrey (Taylor Momsen) is Dan's younger sister, who desperately tries to become the next queen bee, a goal that eventually makes her realize the true values of life; Lily van der Woodsen (Kelly Rutherford) Serena's mother; and Dan and Jenny's father Rufus Humphrey (Matthew Settle). They share a romantic past that follows them throughout the show and eventually leads to their marriage. The Humphrey family is centered upon as they explore life on the 'Upper East side', Dan trying to look after his little sister as she discovers the party scene.
Vanessa Abrams (Jessica Szohr), enters the show in its first season as Dan's past love, but still close friend, and becomes a series regular after the 14th episode. Other characters include Eric van der Woodsen (Connor Paolo), Serena's kind and compassionate brother, who comes out late in the first season and becomes very close with Jenny. Georgina Sparks (Michelle Trachtenberg) is an occasional antagonist in the show, with a recurring role. Carter Baizen (Sebastian Stan) appears as Chuck's enemy with a romantic interest in Serena.
Kaylee DeFer plays Ivy Dickens, an actress from Miami who is hired by Lily's sister, Carol Rhodes (Sheila Kelly), to portray her daughter, Charlie Rhodes, to access her trust fund. Ella Rae Peck plays the real Charlie Rhodes, who goes by the name of Lola.
Many characters appear as guest stars as parents and other relatives of the main cast. Eleanor Waldorf-Rose (Margaret Colin) and Harold Waldorf (John Shea) appeared as Blair's divorced parents, with Cyrus Rose (Wallace Shawn) as Eleanor's husband and Blair's stepfather. Dorota Kishlovsky (Zuzanna Szadkowski) is Blair's loyal maid. Anne Archibald (Francie Swift) and Howard "The Captain" Archibald (Sam Robards) are Nate's estranged parents, while William van der Bilt I (James Naughton) and William "Tripp" van der Bilt III (Aaron Tveit) are Nate's manipulative grandfather and cousin, respectively. Bartholomew "Bart" Bass (Robert John Burke) is Lily's late husband and Chuck's demanding father, and Jack Bass (Desmond Harrington) is Bart's brother and Chuck's manipulative uncle. Celia "CeCe" Rhodes (Caroline Lagerfelt) is Serena's grandmother and Lily's mother and Gabriela Abrams (Gina Torres) is Vanessa's mother. Introduced in Season 4 is Blair's new boyfriend/fiance, Prince Louis of Monaco (Hugo Becker).
Series overview.
Season 1: 2007–2008.
The first season's main focus is Serena's sudden return to the Upper East Side following her mysterious disappearance. Initially, Serena's one night-stand with Nate Archibald, boyfriend to Serena's best friend Blair Waldorf, was thought to be Serena's reason to leave. However, near the end of the season, the cunning Georgina Sparks, Serena's former friend, arrives on the Upper East Side, revealing that the night Serena slept with Nate didn't end there—Serena went to meet Georgina at the Stanhope Hotel and a man died in her presence under the influence of drugs, while being taped. The season also revolves around Serena's relationship with outsider Dan Humphrey; Blair's relationship with Nate and her affair with his best friend Chuck; brief romance between Serena's mother and Dan's father; Blair and Jenny's mentor-protege relationship; and the arrival of Dan's former best friend Vanessa Abrams. The season ends with the revelation of Serena's secret, causing the break up of Dan and Serena, and Chuck leaving Blair at the airport while she finds a new fun summer fling, before leaving for Europe. The pilot episode of the show follows the first book in the Gossip Girl series, but after that the show starts to separate itself from the books with different story lines.
Season 2: 2008–2009.
The second season mainly explores the senior year of the characters with the premiere at the Hamptons and primarily focused on the relationship between Blair and Chuck, who were labeled "the heart of "GG"" by "People" magazine. At first, both characters negate their feelings for one another, and go through random schemes and manipulations.
The first half of the season deals with Serena's growing prominence as a socialite which draws the attention of Blair as their friendship is tested when the character of Poppy Lifton (Tamara Feldman) arrives, a socialite who inadvertently drives a wedge between Serena and Blair after inspiring Serena to take her place in the spotlight during the early episodes of the season. Nate faces the aftermath of his father's criminal past and pursues a relationship with Vanessa, who becomes further entangled into the world of the Upper East Side. Jenny reignites her rebellious nature by pursuing a career as a fashion designer, thereby challenging Rufus' skills as a parent while Dan's friendship with Nate and relationship with Serena slowly transforms him from a social outcast to an insider. The show finished its first half during the first week of December, with the shocking death of Bart Bass.
The second half of the season reveals the impact of Bart's death, causing a significant change of character direction for Chuck that subsequently leads to the growth of Rufus and Lily's relationship, the revelation of the two having a son together, and contributing to the decline of Dan and Serena's relationship. John Shea reprised his role as Harold Waldorf during a Thanksgiving episode and becomes entangled in Blair's striving ambition of attending Yale. Desmond Harrington entered the series as Chuck's manipulative uncle, Jack Bass. Feldman returned to the season with Armie Hammer as Serena's new love interest, Gabriel Edwards. Michelle Trachtenberg returned to the role of Georgina Sparks and filmed her scenes during February, also adjoining her character's return to the second season mystery.
A backdoor pilot for a spin-off premiered in May, but was not picked up by The CW to the limited number of spots available on their fall line-up.
As the storylines progressed, the role of "Gossip Girl" is slightly decreased. She continues to run her blog, but she keeps the ultimate information for herself, sending it in the final episode as the last blast, where Serena decides to find out who "Gossip Girl" really is, but ultimately fails. The season finale ended with a well-received kiss between Blair and Chuck.
Season 3: 2009–2010.
The third season focuses on Blair, Dan and Vanessa getting into New York University along with movie star Olivia Burke (Hilary Duff), whom Dan starts dating; Nate getting into Columbia University; Serena taking a year off from school; Jenny becoming Queen Bee at Constance; and Chuck running Bass Industries, along with now adoptive mother Lily van der Woodsen. The first couple of episodes feature part of the summer vacation, respectively the week before the start of University classes and school. The role of "Gossip Girl" is slightly decreased throughout the season.
Many guest stars were cast throughout the season including Joanna García as Bree Buckley, a love interest for Nate; "America's Next Top Model" creator Tyra Banks as Ursula Nyquist, a larger than life actress whom Serena served as a publicist for a short time; William Baldwin as William van der Woodsen, Serena and Eric’s father, Lily’s ex-husband and Rufus’ long-time rival; and cameos by Lady Gaga, Tory Burch, Jimmy Fallon, Plastiscines, Georgina Chapman and Sonic Youth.
The ninth episode of the season caused a significant amount of controversy. Parent groups urged The CW not to air the episode as it contained a threesome. The preview for the episode revolved around an "OM3" theme. CW ignored these requests and announced that it was going to air the episode as planned.
Robert John Burke, who played Chuck's father, Bart Bass, returned for "A Christmas Carol" themed episode in December, while Desmond Harrington returned as Chuck's uncle Jack with a major storyline affecting Chuck and Blair's relationship again and involving Chuck's estranged mother Evelyn Bass Fisher (Laura Harring).
The season focused hugely on Jenny Humphrey's development and downward spiral. She spends a good part of the season alienating herself from Eric, her former best friend, and chasing after Nate, who has his heart set on Serena. At the end of the season, due to her one night stand with Chuck Bass, and new drug dealing habit, Jenny's father and Lily send her to Hudson, New York, to live with her mother. Other story lines include: Blair and Chuck's attempt and ultimate failure at having a successful relationship; Dan and Vanessa moving from friends to something more; and Serena's attempts to find herself through a new job and brief love affairs with Carter, Nate's married cousin Tripp, and eventually Nate himself.
Season 4: 2010–2011.
Season four's main mystery revolves around Juliet Sharp (Katie Cassidy), a secretive girl with an agenda against Serena involving her past. The second half of the season builds on the complications of Serena's new found relationship with her former teacher Ben, Chuck trying to regain control of Bass Industries from Russell Thorpe (Michael Boatman), and Dan and Blair's growing friendship. The season also focuses on Lily's past betrayals coming back to haunt her; Chuck and Blair's tumultuous relationship after their break up; Dan and Vanessa's deteriorating friendship; and the arrival of Serena's cousin Charlie Rhodes (Ella Rae Peck) to the Upper East Side. By the end of the season, Blair has ignored Chuck, Dan has told Vanessa they are no longer friends, and Serena is on that single grind.
The first two episodes of the season took place with Serena, Blair, and Chuck in Paris. While in Paris, Blair meets Prince Louis Grimaldi, to whom she later becomes engaged at the end of the season.
Taylor Momsen, who plays Jenny Humphrey, was absent for the majority of the season but made appearances in "Easy J," "Juliet Doesn't Live Here Anymore," "The Witches of Bushwick," and "Gaslit."
Season 5: 2011–2012.
The series was renewed by The CW for a fifth season on April 26, 2011.
On May 9, 2011, it was announced that Taylor Momsen and Jessica Szohr would not be back as series regulars, although both have been invited back as guest stars. Kaylee DeFer plays a character named Ivy Dickens who is being paid by Lily's sister, Carol Rhodes (Sheila Kelley), to impersonate her daughter, Serena's cousin Charlie Rhodes (Ella Rae Peck). She was also promoted to series regular status for season 5.
The season began in Los Angeles when a re-energized Chuck and Nate decided to pay Serena a visit. Chuck has a newfound philosophy and says "yes" to everything, even death defying stunts. Serena continues to work on the movie set, and is offered a full-time job at the end of the episode. Nate begins an affair with an older woman, Diana Payne, who may have an ulterior motive for being with Nate. Back in New York, Dan learns that Vanessa has published one chapter of his novel, and Blair continues to plan her wedding to Louis, and she also learns she is pregnant. After realizing she still had feelings for Chuck, Blair and Chuck decide to go away together, but their car crashes. As a result of the crash Blair loses her baby, Chuck nearly dies, and Blair eventually marries Louis. The season also focuses on Nate running online gossip site "NYSpectator", Blair and Dan's friendship turning into a relationship, Chuck's quest to find his real parents which leads him to discover that his father, Bart, is still alive, and the effects of CeCe's death on Lily and her marriage to Rufus. At the end of the season, Blair makes a choice between Dan and Chuck, and Lily makes a choice between Rufus and Bart. Serena is seen leaving town while Dan decides to write a new book about the Upper East Side, with the help of Georgina.
Season 6: 2012.
On May 11, 2012, it was announced "Gossip Girl" would return for a shortened sixth and final season, which premiered on October 8, 2012. During the CW upfronts, network president Mark Pedowitz said the number of episodes had not yet been decided and could consist of 10, 11, or 13 episodes with a retrospective, meaning it would end before Christmas.
The season premiered with 0.78 million viewers tuning in, marking a series low for the show. The following week, there was a further drop in viewership, with only 0.76 million viewers, once again breaking the record for series-low ratings.
On October 29, 2012, the episode "Portrait of a Lady Alexander" was postponed due to the impact of Hurricane Sandy on the Eastern Seaboard. Widespread power outages led to the decision of pushing the new episode back a week and re-airing the previous episode, "Dirty Rotten Scandal."
On December 17, 2012, the series broadcast its finale on U.S. television on the CW network. Actress Kristen Bell, the narrator of the series during all seasons makes a cameo as herself (but is not revealed as Gossip Girl). Several former "Gossip Girl" cast members appear in the finale, including Jessica Szohr, who played Vanessa Abrams, and Katie Cassidy, who played Juliet Sharp. Former series regulars Connor Paolo (Eric van der Woodsen) and Taylor Momsen (Jenny Humphrey), each appear also with one line a piece.
Season 6 begins with Chuck and Blair who part ways after making a pact that they will unite once they both achieve their individual goals. Chuck goes on his way to try to regain Bass Industries from his father who stole it from him while Blair tries to find herself and her individuality by taking over her mother’s company. Serena pursues a relationship with someone older and who happens to have a 17 year old daughter, Sage who will do anything to try to split them up. Nate focuses on trying to get the Spectator to become successful and dates Sage. Meanwhile Dan focuses on completing his second book with Georgina’s help. In the end after a surprising turn of events Blair Waldorf (Leighton Meester) and Chuck Bass (Ed Westwick) get married. In the final moments the series speeds forward five years later where Chuck and Blair are revealed to have had a child and Nate Archibald appears successful and is rumored to be running for Mayor of New York. The show ends with the wedding of Serena van der Woodsen and Dan Humphrey. It's a small ceremony, in what looks like Blair and Chuck's home together, where Lily is with Serena and Eric's father, William, and Rufus seems to be happy with another woman (musician Lisa Loeb, who guest-starred in the first season) along with Dorota, Nate, Jack Bass and Georgina (who are now together), Jenny and Eric. During the finale, it was revealed that Dan was Gossip Girl.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Gossip Girl" initially received mixed reviews. Due to the show's pedigree as an adaptation of "The New York Times" bestselling novel series, the show was considered to be one of the more anticipated new shows of the 2007–2008 television season. An August 2007 survey by OTX, a global media research and consulting firm, placed the show on the list of top ten new shows that viewers were aware of. Though the pilot was the recipient of many positive reviews from publications such as "Variety", "The Washington Post", "San Francisco Chronicle" and the "Boston Globe", other reviewers described it as a guilty pleasure rather than an hour's worth of must-watch television. Metacritic gave it a score of 54, based on the reviews of 26 different publications.
Toward the conclusion of the first season, Janet Malcolm of "The New Yorker" criticized the show for its deviations from the novels. She has stated that the series was, "related to the original only in the names and outlines of the characters." She further asserted that, "Without von Ziegesar's fast, mocking commentary to propel them, the TV episodes are sluggish and crass—a move from Barneys to Kmart." However, author Cecily von Ziegesar has expressed support for the show, noting that all of her major plot points were present in the pilot.
As the show continued its first season, the response became considerably more positive, and by the second season critical response was favorable. Metacritic gave the new season an improved score of 71. "Summer's been good to this girl," claimed "Entertainment Weekly", who awarded the series its highest grade of "A." "The New York Daily News" claimed the show had found its footing by stating "It knows exactly what it wants and needs its new hybrid product to be. The hockey fights video of teen romance drama." "Gossip Girl" was designated the "Greatest Teen Drama of All Time" by "New York" magazine. The magazine wrote, "the show has resurrected the potential for scripted dramas to be effective social satire—to present a world more accurately than a "reality" program can. "Gossip Girl" presents a wealth-eye view of the city, but because it is a cartoon we can laugh along with the conspicuousness of the consumption."
The Parents Television Council has shown particular criticism of the series, especially with its "OMFG" ad campaign from April 2008. It also named the episode "Victor/Victrola" the worst television program of the week in which the episode originally was broadcast. Quotes from the Parents Television Council review, as well as negative quotes from the "San Diego Union-Tribune", "New York Post" and the "Boston Herald", were used on various advertisements for the second season. The Hartford Courant chronicled a variety of negative responses to the ads. The ads included quotes like "Every Parent's Nightmare", "Mind-Blowingly Inappropriate" and "A Nasty Piece of Work" in what appears to be an effort to continue the 'rebellious teen' style of the show.
With the approach of the fifth season, "New York Magazine" reviewed the life expectancy of the show, noting its waning cultural relevancy despite the growing prominence of its actors, and the loss of its status as The CW's No.1 show, having been beaten out in terms of ratings by other shows of the network like "Supernatural" and "90210". "The series itself hasn't quite kept up, even if its plotting is as juicy and lunatic as ever." and that "The cast would all rather be making movies, while the showrunners are focusing on launching new projects via their nascent Fake Empire production company (including CW newcomer "Hart of Dixie"). Barring an unexpected brand reboot or another stab at a spinoff, we're afraid the end is near. XOXO." AOL TV ranked "Gossip Girl" the 20th Best School Show of All Time and the 4th TV's Biggest Guilty Pleasure. The show was declared the tenth highest rated show for the first ten years of IMDb.com Pro (2002-2012).
There was much controversy to Dan being revealed as Gossip Girl in the season finale. Dan had always struggled to be an insider among the Upper East Side and had supposedly created Gossip Girl to gain more power and had been the one “pulling the strings the whole time” as mentioned by Serena in the finale. However, there was much speculation and controversy regarding this decision. Penn Badgley who played Dan, stated in an interview that he himself found it funny that they had decided to make him be Gossip Girl as there were too many loopholes in the show for this to make sense. There were times during the show where he would be alone and read a Gossip Girl post and be completely blown away by it. In the interview he stated, “All those times that he was alone, that was him acting. So that means he was completely schizophrenic and transgender."
Cultural influence.
In 2008, "The New York Times" reported the show has had a profound impact on retail, saying "Gossip Girl" is probably "the first to have been conceived, in part, as a fashion marketing vehicle." While it has had middling success in terms of ratings, it “may well be the biggest influence in the youth culture market,” said a trendspotter. According to Zoe Fox of Mashable, the show popularized social media networks and mobile communication, becoming "a pioneer in its use of mobile." In 2008, "New York Magazine" named the series as "Best Show Ever." In 2009, "Rolling Stone" named the series as "TV's Hottest Show".
On January 26, 2012, in honor of the series' 100th episode, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg visited the set and proclaimed the date "Gossip Girl Day," citing the show's cultural influence and impact on the economy of the city. ""Gossip Girl" has made New York a central character. While "Gossip Girl" is drawing fans in with its plot twists, the show also attracts many of them to visit New York, contributing to our incredible 50.5 million visitors last year. In fact, the economic impact of "Gossip Girl" and other television shows and films that are made in New York really can be felt directly in all five boroughs. The 100th episode of "Gossip Girl" is a real landmark, and I want to congratulate the show's cast and crew," he stated.
The popularity of the series was also indirectly responsible for the creation of the reality series "NYC Prep", which ran for one season on Bravo. The series has been referenced in films such as "Fired Up!", "Get Him To The Greek", "Easy A", "Vampires Suck", "Just Go With It" and "Horrible Bosses", and TV series such as "Royal Pains", "Entourage", "Parks and Recreation", "30 Rock", and "Skins", among others.
Popular among teenagers and young adults, "Gossip Girl" cast has posed on the cover of numerous mainstream magazines, including "Rolling Stone", "People", "Nylon", "New York Magazine", "TV Guide", "New York Post", "Vogue", "Out Magazine", "Details (magazine)" and, "Entertainment Weekly".
A Russian social network Unface.me was launched in 2013 inspired by the series, where users can create an alter-ego and share secrets and gossips anonymously.
U.S. television ratings.
The series premiere was watched by 3.50 million viewers and achieved a 1.6 Adults 18–49, coming in last place in its 9:00 pm timeslot on Wednesday nights. However, the show was noted to have held the best audience retention of "America's Next Top Model". The season ended with 3.00 million viewers. The second season premiered with 3.43 million viewers. The second season ended with 2.23 million viewers. The third season premiered with 2.55 million viewers. The third season ended with 1.96 million viewers. The fourth season premiered to 1.83 million viewers and a 1.0 for adults 18–49. Episode 4.04 hit season highs in all categories with a 2.8 rating in The CW's target of Women 18–34, a 1.7 in Adults 18–34 and 1.1 in Adults 18–49. The fourth season ended with 1.36 million viewers. The fifth season premiered with 1.37 million viewers. The fifth season ended with 1.44 million viewers.
Despite this, throughout season five, "Gossip Girl" continued to see a decrease in viewers. Season six premiered to 0.78 million viewers, making it not only the least viewed season premiere for the series, but also the least viewed episode in show's six-year run. The following episode saw a decrease to 0.76 million viewers, which once again marked a new series low in terms of viewers. The series finale was watched by 1.55 million viewers, the highest viewed episode since season four.
Online ratings.
The series was the 5th most-binged TV series on Subscription Video-on-Demand (SVOD) Services; derived from NPD’s VideoWatch Digital, consumer tracker based on data from 313,866 SVOD TV transactions across 26,176 SVOD subscribers that were completed between January 2012 and January 2013. [https://www.npd.com/wps/portal/npd/us/news/press-releases/foxs-prison-break-leads-list-of-most-binged-tv-series-on-subscription-video-on-demand-svod-services]
Distribution.
"Gossip Girl" aired on The CW on Mondays. In addition to the television broadcast of the show, episodes of "Gossip Girl" have also been released on the Internet. In October 2011, The CW signed a deal allowing all "Gossip Girl" episodes to be streamed on Netflix. The same month, the network signed a deal with Hulu. Both CWTV.com and Hulu streamed episodes for free, but only the five most recent installments were available for viewing.
All seasons of "Gossip Girl" are also available through the iTunes Store and Amazon Instant Video where each episode can be purchased separately or in complete season sets.
As of 2012, the series was broadcast in 197 countries.
Syndication.
On July 25, 2012, Style Network announced that it had acquired the off-network rights to "Gossip Girl" and started airing repeats of the show on August 15, 2012.
Merchandise.
DVD releases.
The DVD sets of each season were released in various regions after their television broadcast.
Notes:
Soundtrack.
The first soundtrack of the TV series, "OMFGG – Original Music Featured On Gossip Girl, No. 1" was released digitally on September 2, 2008 and in stores on October 28, 2008.
Fashion.
The show has also made an impact on the fashion world, with multiple clothing lines and other products.
Clothing lines.
In 2009, Anna Sui created a line inspired by "Gossip Girl".
On September 16, 2011, it was announced that Warner Bros. and label Romeo & Juliet Couture had partnered to create "Gossip Girl"s official clothing line inspired by lead characters Serena van der Woodsen and Blair Waldorf. The launch of the fashion line took place on September 26, 2011, the same day as the premiere of the fifth season.
Beauty box.
Cosmetics online retailer Birchbox and "Gossip Girl" have teamed up to create a special Birchbox edition filled with beauty products inspired by the show. The products were chosen by "Gossip Girl" makeup department head, Amy Tagliamonti, and hair department head, Jennifer Johnson.
International adaptations.
"Gossip Girl" spawned several adaptations in other countries. The Turkish version is known as "Küçük Sırlar" (Little Lies). On March 5, 2012, it was reported that Warner Bros. International Television and Metan Development Group would produce a Chinese teen drama series called "China Girl" inspired by "Gossip Girl". Production is set to start in June with the show airing in November. The show will follow the lives of students at a university instead of a high school. A Mexican version of the series has been greenlit as well by Mexican producer Pedro Torres and is titled "". The show will star Sofía Sisniega, Oka Giner, Jon Ecker, Vadhir Derbez, Diego Amozurrutia, and Macarena Achaga. Filming of the Mexican adaptation began in January 2013 with the series set to air in July 5, 2013 on Televisa. A demo of the series has been released. The show will also air in the United States on Univision in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19188586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188586" title="Peter Darling">
Peter Darling

Peter Darling is an English dancer and choreographer best known for his award-winning work in "Billy Elliot the Musical".
He also choreographed "Matilda the Musical" on Broadway and the West End.
He was educated at Alleyn's School.

</doc>
<doc id="19188590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188590" title="People's Alliance (Maldives)">
People's Alliance (Maldives)

The People's Alliance is a political party in the Maldives. The party was registered by the Election Commission on 4 August 2008.
The party's former leader was former trade minister Abdulla Yameen, a half brother of former President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom. He resigned in 2010 to join the Progressive Party of Maldives.

</doc>
<doc id="19188595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188595" title="Carol Ruth Silver">
Carol Ruth Silver

Carol Ruth Silver (born 1938) is an American lawyer and former politician. She was a Freedom Rider, arrested and incarcerated for 40 days in Jackson, Mississippi. She was among those on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors allegedly targeted by Dan White in the Moscone-Milk assassinations, but was saved because she was not in her office at the time of the murders.
Life and career.
Silver attended the University of Chicago, earning a bachelor's degree in 1960 and a law degree in 1964. She was a fellow at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Silver's 1977 election was part of a shift toward diversity on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors; she was described as "the board's first unwed mother."
In 1985, after Bernhard Goetz shot and wounded four attackers on a New York subway train, Silver wrote in the "Wall Street Journal", "The legality of the actions of the 'subway vigilante' cannot be determined until all the facts are in. What is already clear is that the New York officials denouncing him misconceive the law of self-defense... A subway rider attacked by armed criminals has every right to shoot in self-defense... "Rational" gun control is a necessity. But New York City's long history of prohibiting ordinary, responsible adults the only realistic means of self-defense is "not" rational." 
She served three terms, through 1989. Silver ran in the Democratic primary for California's 1st congressional district, in 1996, but lost to Michela Alioto (who then lost to incumbent Frank Riggs). Silver ran in the 2000 District 6 supervisorial race, coming in fourth. 
Silver then retired from politics and continued her philanthropic work, which had included founding San Francisco's Chinese-American International School in 1982, the first and most modeled Mandarin Chinese immersion program in the United States. In the summer of 2002 she traveled to Afghanistan to explore ways that American citizens could extend a hand of friendship to the Afghan people, and she has founded or co-founded three organizations dedicated in different ways to supporting and promoting education in Afghanistan, particularly of women and girls. 
She is the principal in Law Offices of Carol Ruth Silver, in San Francisco, California, and a real estate broker. In 2007 she was appointed Director of the San Francisco Sheriff's Office of Prisoner Legal Services.
Film.
Silver played a small part (as well as being portrayed by actress Wendy King) in the 2008 Academy-Award-winning film "Milk", a biopic of the slain Supervisor Harvey Milk, with whom she served on the Board.

</doc>
<doc id="19188599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188599" title="AJAX.OOP">
AJAX.OOP

AJAX.OOP is an open source JavaScript framework distributed under MIT License. Providing with OOP-style coding engine and AJAX requests handling functionality to create web 2.0 components. Due to OOP paradigm AJAX.OOP library can be easily extended with additional functionality or used as core for other projects.
The JavaScript OOP library.
AJAX.OOP is a fast and scalable JavaScript library for creating JavaScript/AJAX components in an object-oriented way.
Main feature - strong OOP paradigm implementation.AJAX.OOP engine allows the programmer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19188600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188600" title="Wycliffe and the House of Fear">
Wycliffe and the House of Fear

Wycliffe and the House of Fear (1995) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley featuring detective Charles Wycliffe.
Synopsis.
For five hundred years the Kemps, a fiercely Catholic family, have held onto their ancestral home of Kellycoryk. But when dwindling finances looked as though they might be forced into selling it on, patriarch Roger married the tough and uncompromising businesswoman Bridgit, who would only save the house if she could take it over for development, an idea that greatly displeased her husband. Then, without warning, she vanishes into thin air just as Roger's previous wife, Julia (another wealthy, independent woman), did several years ago, supposedly having been killed in a boating accident.
When Wycliffe, who has been recovering from an illness in the area, arrives on the scene, his curiosity aroused by the mystery of Roger's wives and his home, he soon suspects that the family know more about matters than they're letting on...

</doc>
<doc id="19188603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188603" title="Aşağı Seyidlər">
Aşağı Seyidlər

Aşağı Seyidlər (also, Seyidlər, Seidlyar, and Sendlyar) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 748. 

</doc>
<doc id="19188615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188615" title="List of stars in NGC 1907">
List of stars in NGC 1907

This is a list of stars in the "NGC 1907" star cluster, an open cluster in the constellation Auriga.

</doc>
<doc id="19188617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188617" title="KKTX">
KKTX

KKTX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19188625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188625" title="Oi language">
Oi language

Oi ("Oy, Oey"; also known as The, Thang Ong, Sok) is a Mon–Khmer dialect cluster of Attapeu Province in southern Laos. According to Ethnologue, the dominant variety is Oy proper, with 15,000 speakers who are 80% monolinguals. Speakers follow traditional religions. the 1995 Laotian census places the Oi population at 14,947.
Distribution.
Some locations where Oi is spoken in include (Sidwell 2003:26):

</doc>
<doc id="19188664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188664" title="Wycliffe and the Three-Toed Pussy">
Wycliffe and the Three-Toed Pussy

Wycliffe and the Three-Toed Pussy (1968) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley, the first in his acclaimed Wycliffe series.
Synopsis.
The village of Kergwyns is baffled by the bizarre shooting of an attractive local woman; the only thing stolen from the scene being her left shoe and stocking, exposing her foot deformity.
As Wycliffe investigates, he becomes acquainted with the life of a deeply unhappy woman who routinely manipulated the men around her. When it becomes apparent that she left clues regarding her murder imbedded in crossword puzzles, the detective wonders why, if she knew about her impending death, did she do nothing about it? And, perhaps more importantly, is somebody of power carefully stage managing the case's progress? 

</doc>
<doc id="19188677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188677" title="Falling Stars">
Falling Stars

Falling Stars is a role-playing video game developed by Ivolgamus and published by Nordcurrent in Europe and by Agetec in North America. It was released on August 24, 2007 in Europe for Microsoft Windows and the PlayStation 2 and on August 26, 2008 in the United States for the PlayStation 2. The game is aimed at young children and was released with a price point lower than most PS2 games.
Gameplay.
In Falling Stars, players control Luna, a young girl who lives in the peaceful land of Dazzleon. Luna's uncle, Matt, discovers a curious mine and decides to take up residence in Dazzleon to investigate. The mine slowly takes over Matt's mind and he begins to perform evil experiments. Eventually, Matt turns on his pets, changing them all into evil monsters. Realizing her uncle's madness, Luna sets out to save him and prevent the world from suffering dire consequences.
Combat:
Monsters are unleashed upon the world before your very eyes. You cannot fight until you've obtained your pet, Komi. Battles require input to progress. When Komi's time bar fills, he can attack. When the monster's time bar fills, Komi can defend. The strength of the attack depends on the strength of the defense. If the two match, less damage is done.
Monsters have attack patterns players can learn and use to compensate.
For example, the Red Dog will begin his attack pattern with either Red (strong) or Yellow (fast). In either case (Red or Yellow), the pattern will follow as Yel, Red, Yel, Red, Yel, White. Since the Red Dog's pattern ends with White (mega), it's easy to tell when a new pattern is beginning.
You can heal Komi with magic or the more affective Health Potions when Luna's time bar fills. Luna's time bar can be rushed by rotating the RAS (right analog stick).
Komi's stats can be boosted through equipped accessories, special items, and experience. Enough experience gains Komi bonus training points for use in Luna's home.
Plot.
Ending.
At the end of the game, after beating Uncle Matt's spider, the spirit reveals itself, explaining that it had taken over Luna's body to prevent her from seeking out the ultimate power. It asks that Matt ensure Luna does not seek this power out and he promises to protect her.
Characters.
Some information about characters that appear in the game (with their Russian names):
- Lilou, or Luna - a young girl who's always there to help her friends. Her parents are dead and since their ruin, Lilou's uncle Shikoracks (Matt) is taking care of her.
- Shikoracks, or Matt - he was always interested in science, and he was ordering science magazines and new science tools. But after he'd found a curious mine, he changed into someone else - his skin colored in green and he lost his mind and no-one knows what will happen next with him.
- Bobo - he's a dwarf and he loves animals and hates everyone who hates them. As all dwarfs, Bobo can count money and he'll never miss a chance to earn some. But sometimes he makes a discounts for his friends.
- Artus - he's working on his boat station, giving his boats for lease. When he's not working, he likes to lay with his favorite smoothie and sunbathing.
- Thomash - an old military man. He loves kids and telling stories about his past, and if you don't stop him, his stories will last for hours. But also he knows some really great fighting methods.
- Isla - clever and beautiful girl. She's a little selfish but she loves making potions and medicine from everything - but they are too expensive.
- Olee - he's a science candidate. He hates magic and thinks that everything must be explained by scientific point of view. He can always help you with his inventions.
- Hoka - one more guy who likes science and dreams to be a scientist. But he's too boring and slow to start his career.
- Keira - laughing-out-loud girl with the worst memory in Lydonia (Dazzleon). She has a crush on Hoka, but it's her biggest secret.
Reception and Criticism.
Few official reviews for Falling Stars exist but those that do are critical of the gameplay. Criticisms include 'sterile combat' and 'flat characters'. The game currently holds a score of 32% on Metacritic, pooling reviews from 6 separate online sources.
Other critiques include frequent slow-loading screens, slow character movement/reaction, sprinting which requires stamina (a slow-refilling bar potions fill instantly), etc.
Positive notes would highlight the rare "dress-up" system featuring multiple character's opinions, the complexity of mini-games, conversations which begin automatically upon approach, plays in six different languages, opening movie is pretty if short, there is no "game over", the battle mechanics are relatively interesting.

</doc>
<doc id="19188691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188691" title="Paul Kline (photographer)">
Paul Kline (photographer)

Paul Kline (born 1964) is an American photographer known for his editorial, advertising and documentary work.
Biography.
Kline was born in Long Beach, California. He graduated in 1991 from Cornell University with a Bachelors degree and later he studied at the New York Institute of Photography. He moved to Washington DC. where he met his wife Mercedes. Kline's father Abbott was also a professional photographer, he gave his son his first camera. Kline has done commercial work for many corporations and ad agencies. His images have appeared in many publications, both new and old media.
Kline also produced photo documentaries such as The Silent Children Project which portrays at-risk children from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19188710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188710" title="Julie Brook">
Julie Brook

Julie Brook (born 1961) is a British artist. She works in a variety of mediums in each case with a strong connection with the landscape. She has lived and worked in the Orkney islands, on Jura and Mingulay and in the Libyan desert.
Life and career.
Julie Brook was born at RAF Rintein in Germany. She lives on the Isle of Skye. She attended The Ruskin School of Drawing and Fine Art in Oxford from 1980 to 1983.
Artworks.
Her works include:

</doc>
<doc id="19188721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188721" title="Slavery in Iran">
Slavery in Iran

A History of slavery in Iran during various ancient, medieval and modern periods is sparsely cataloged.
Under the Achaemenides.
In general, mass slavery as a whole has never been practiced by Persians, and in many cases the situation and lives of semi-slaves (prisoners of war) were, in fact, better than those of the commoner.
Slavery was an existing institution in Egypt, Media and Babylonia before the rise of the Achaemenid empire.
On the whole, in the Achaemenid empire, there was only small number of slaves in relation to the number of free persons and moreover the word used to call a slave was utilized also to express general dependence. Usually, captives were prisoners of war that were recruited from those that rebelled against Achaemenid rule.
Modern historians handle the book of Herodotus with care and according to Pierre Briant: "It is hard to separate history from fairly tale in Herodotus". Herodotus has mentioned enslavement with regards to rebels of the Lydians who revolted against Achaemenid rule and captured Sardis. He has also mentioned slavery after the rebellion of Egypt in the city of Barce during the time of Cambyses and the assassination of Persian Satrap in Egypt. He also mentions the defeat of Ionians, and their allies Eretria who supported the Ionians and subsequent enslavement of the rebels and supporting population.
According to Dandamayev:
Under the Parthians.
There is evidence from classical sources about practice of slavery under Parthian rule. According to Plutarch, there were many slaves in the army of the Parthian general Surena.
Under the Sassanids.
Under this period Roman prisoners of war were used in farming in Babylonia, Shush and Persis.
Sassanid Laws of Slavery.
Some of the laws governing the ownership and treatment of slaves can be found in the collection of laws of the Sassanid period called "Matikan-e-Hazar Datastan". Principles that can be inferred from the laws include:
1) The slaves were captured foreigners who were non-Zoroastrians.
2) The ownership of the slave belonged to the man.
3) The owner had to treat the slave humanely; violence toward the slave was forbidden. In particular beating a slave woman was a crime.
4) If a non-Zoroastrian slave, such as a Christian slave, converted to Zoroastrianism, he or she could pay his or her price and attain freedom.
5) If a slave together with his or her foreign master embraced Zoroastrianism, he or she could pay his slave price and become free.
To free a slave (irrespective of his or her faith) was considered a good deed. Slaves had some rights including keeping gifts to them and at least three days of rest in the month. The law also protected slaves, including: "No one may inflict upon slaves a fatal punishment for a single crime... Not even the king himself may slay anyone on the account of one crime".
Modern Period.
Slavery was formally outlawed in Persia in 1929, as with the exit of the British (who engaged in the use of slave labour) from the south of the country slavery had ceased to exist.
Further reading.
Last number(s) indicate pages:

</doc>
<doc id="19188729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188729" title="Javier de Frutos">
Javier de Frutos

Javier de Frutos (b. 1963 Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan dancer and choreographer, best known for his award-winning work in the 2007 West End revival of "Cabaret".

</doc>
<doc id="19188742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188742" title="Potikhinly">
Potikhinly

Potikhinly is a village in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="19188752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188752" title="Dzhandzhan">
Dzhandzhan

Dzhandzhan is a village in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="19188776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188776" title="Wycliffe and How to Kill a Cat">
Wycliffe and How to Kill a Cat

Wycliffe and How To Kill A Cat (1970) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley featuring detective Charles Wycliffe.
Synopsis.
A young, auburn haired and naked woman turns up strangled in a seedy hotel room down by the docks, her face savagely beaten after death. The discovery of a thousand pounds stashed underneath some clothing, along with the observance of expensive luggage indicating more class than her present surroundings, exacerbate the mystery of her murder, and Superintendent Wycliffe finds himself drawn towards the investigation, interrupting his seaside holiday so he can make inquiries of his own...

</doc>
<doc id="19188781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188781" title="Theadora Van Runkle">
Theadora Van Runkle

Theadora Van Runkle (March 27, 1928, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania – November 4, 2011, Los Angeles, California) was an American costume designer. 
The first films she designed costumes for were "Bonnie and Clyde" (1967), "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1968) and "The Arrangement" (1969), all of which starred Faye Dunaway, for whom Van Runkle also designed the gown Dunaway wore to the 1968 Oscars, as well as Dunaway's complete off-screen wardrobe at the time. 
Van Runkle was nominated for an Oscar for "Bonnie and Clyde" (1967), and has been nominated twice more, for "" (1974) and "Peggy Sue Got Married" (1986). She designed the costumes for "Troop Beverly Hills" (1989).
She was the recipient of the Costume Designer Guild's Lifetime Achievement Award in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19188803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188803" title="Robert H. Serry">
Robert H. Serry

Robert H. Serry (born c. 1950 in Calcutta), is a Dutch diplomat who currently serves as the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process and the UN Secretary-General’s Personal Representative to the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Palestinian Authority.
A career diplomat, Serry has served in a variety of diplomatic positions for his country’s foreign service. He was the Dutch ambassador to Ireland and has served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary-General for Crisis Management and Operations at the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). He has been posted to Moscow and New York (United Nations), and was the first Dutch ambassador to Kiev, Ukraine.
While in the Netherlands, he led the Middle East Division of the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He participated in the events leading to the Madrid Middle East Peace Conference of 1991.
In early March 2014 he was send to Krim, Ukraine, to mediate the conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
He obtained his degree in political science from the University of Amsterdam.
Serry is married and has three children.
Following his Ukrainian posting Serry wrote a book about his experiences as an ambassador there, titled "Standplaats Kiev", available in the Dutch and Ukrainian languages.
References.
Robert Serry on BBC HardTalk: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/hardtalk/8055568.stm
SECRETARY-GENERAL APPOINTS ROBERT H. SERRY OF NETHERLANDS UNITED NATIONS SPECIAL COORDINATOR FOR MIDDLE EAST PEACE PROCESS: http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs/2007/sga1111.doc.htm 
Secretary-General names Robert Serry of the Netherlands as Middle East envoy: UN.org http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=24847&Cr=middle&Cr1=east
Article about mission in Ukraine (GER): http://www.dw.de/putin-gibt-sich-friedfertig/a-17476240

</doc>
<doc id="19188814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19188814" title="Hairs in the Palm of the Hand">
Hairs in the Palm of the Hand

Hairs in the Palm of the Hand is a children's novel by British author Jan Mark, published in 1981.
One of Mark's keenly observed school stories, "Hairs in the Palm of the Hand" comprises two short novellas. The first, "Time and the Hour", is concerned with a betting scam that gets out of hand when a class of high school students, who have bet large amounts of money on the amount of time that can be lost or saved throughout a school week to non-educational incidents, start to organise incidents in order to manipulate the outcome.
The second story, "Chutzpah", revolves around the actions of a mysterious teenage girl, and the havoc she causes during a single day at her new school. This includes encouraging the sixth form to squat in an unused classroom, introducing the third year girls to feminist politics, and giving out innumerable false names when challenged by teachers. The story underlines the anonymity of many big city comprehensive schools during the 1970s and 80s.

</doc>
