<doc id="19372783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372783" title="Stock">
Stock

The stock (also capital stock) of a corporation constitutes the equity stake of its owners. It represents the residual assets of the company that would be due to stockholders after discharge of all senior claims such as secured and unsecured debt. Stockholders' equity cannot be withdrawn from the company in a way that is intended to be detrimental to the company's creditors.
Shares.
The stock of a corporation is partitioned into shares, the total of which are stated at the time of business formation. Additional shares may subsequently be authorized by the existing shareholders and issued by the company. In some jurisdictions, each share of stock has a certain declared par value, which is a nominal accounting value used to represent the equity on the balance sheet of the corporation. In other jurisdictions, however, shares of stock may be issued without associated par value.
Shares represent a fraction of ownership in a business. A business may declare different types ("classes") of shares, each having distinctive ownership rules, privileges, or share values. Ownership of shares may be documented by issuance of a stock certificate. A stock certificate is a legal document that specifies the amount of shares owned by the shareholder, and other specifics of the shares, such as the par value, if any, or the class of the shares.
In the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, South Africa, and Australia, "stock" can also refer to completely different financial instruments such as government bonds or, less commonly, to all kinds of marketable securities.
Types of stock.
Stock typically takes the form of shares of either common stock or preferred stock. As a unit of ownership, common stock typically carries voting rights that can be exercised in corporate decisions. Preferred stock differs from common stock in that it typically does not carry voting rights but is legally entitled to receive a certain level of dividend payments before any dividends can be issued to other shareholders. Convertible preferred stock is preferred stock that includes an option for the holder to convert the preferred shares into a fixed number of common shares, usually any time after a predetermined date. Shares of such stock are called "convertible preferred shares" (or "convertible preference shares" in the UK).
New equity issue may have specific legal clauses attached that differentiate them from previous issues of the issuer. Some shares of common stock may be issued without the typical voting rights, for instance, or some shares may have special rights unique to them and issued only to certain parties. Often, new issues that have not been registered with a securities governing body may be restricted from resale for certain periods of time.
Preferred stock may be hybrid by having the qualities of bonds of fixed returns and common stock voting rights. They also have preference in the payment of dividends over common stock and also have been given preference at the time of liquidation over common stock. They have other features of accumulation in dividend. In addition, preferred stock usually comes with a letter designation at the end of the security; for example, Berkshire-Hathaway Class "B" shares sell under stock ticker BRK.B, whereas Class "A" shares of ORION DHC, Inc will sell under ticker OODHA until the company drops the "A" creating ticker OODH for its "Common" shares only designation. This extra letter does not mean that any exclusive rights exist for the shareholders but it does let investors know that the shares are considered for such, however, these rights or privileges may change based on the decisions made by the underlying company.
Rule 144 stock.
"Rule 144 Stock" is a common name given to shares of stock subject SEC Rule 144: Selling Restricted and Control Securities. Under Rule 144, restricted and controlled securities are acquired in unregistered form. Investors either purchase or take ownership of these securities through private sales (or other means such as via ESOPs or in exchange for seed money) from the issuing company (as in the case with Restricted Securities) or from an affiliate of the issuer (as in the case with Control Securities). Investors wishing to sell these securities are subject to different rules than those selling traditional common or preferred stock. These individuals will only be allowed to liquidate their securities after meeting the specific conditions set forth by SEC Rule 144.
Stock derivatives.
A stock derivative is any financial instrument which has a value that is dependent on the price of the underlying stock. Futures and options are the main types of derivatives on stocks. The underlying security may be a stock index or an individual firm's stock, e.g. single-stock futures.
Stock futures are contracts where the buyer is long, i.e., takes on the obligation to buy on the contract maturity date, and the seller is short, i.e., takes on the obligation to sell. Stock index futures are generally not delivered in the usual manner, but by cash settlement.
A stock option is a class of option. Specifically, a call option is the right ("not" obligation) to buy stock in the future at a fixed price and a put option is the right ("not" obligation) to sell stock in the future at a fixed price. Thus, the value of a stock option changes in reaction to the underlying stock of which it is a derivative. The most popular method of valuing stock options is the Black Scholes model. Apart from call options granted to employees, most stock options are transferable.
History.
During the Roman Republic, the state contracted (leased) out many of its services to private companies. These government contractors were called "publicani", or "societas publicanorum" as individual company. These companies were similar to modern corporations, or joint- stock companies more specifically, in couple of aspects. They issued shares called "partes" (for large cooperatives) and "particulae" which were small shares that acted like today's over-the-counter shares. Polybius mentions that “almost every citizen” participated in the government leases. There is also an evidence that the price of stocks fluctuated. The great Roman orator Cicero speaks of "partes illo tempore carissimae", which means “share that had a very high price at that time." This implies a fluctuation of price and stock market behavior in Rome.
Around 1250 in France at Toulouse, 96 shares of the "Société des Moulins du Bazacle", or Bazacle Milling Company were traded at a value that depended on the profitability of the mills the society owned. As early as 1288, the Swedish mining and forestry products company Stora has documented a stock transfer, in which that the Bishop of Västerås acquired a 12.5% interest in the mine (or more specifically, the mountain in which the copper resource was available, Great Copper Mountain) in exchange for an estate.
The earliest recognized joint-stock company in modern times was the English (later British) East India Company, one of the most famous joint-stock companies. It was granted an English Royal Charter by Elizabeth I on December 31, 1600, with the intention of favouring trade privileges in India. The Royal Charter effectively gave the newly created "Honourable East India Company" (HEIC) a 15-year monopoly on all trade in the East Indies. The Company transformed from a commercial trading venture to one that virtually ruled India as it acquired auxiliary governmental and military functions, until its dissolution.
The innovation of joint ownership made a great deal of Europe's economic growth possible following the Middle Ages. The technique of pooling capital to finance the building of ships, for example, made the Netherlands a maritime superpower. Before adoption of the joint-stock corporation, an expensive venture such as the building of a merchant ship could be undertaken only by governments or by very wealthy individuals or families.
Economic historians find the Dutch stock market of the 17th century particularly interesting: there is clear documentation of the use of stock futures, stock options, short selling, the use of credit to purchase shares, a speculative bubble that crashed in 1695, and a change in fashion that unfolded and reverted in time with the market (in this case it was headdresses instead of hemlines). Dr. Edward Stringham also noted that the uses of practices such as short selling continued to occur during this time despite the government passing laws against it. This is unusual because it shows individual parties fulfilling contracts that were not legally enforceable and where the parties involved could incur a loss. Stringham argues that this shows that contracts can be created and enforced without state sanction or, in this case, in spite of laws to the contrary.
Shareholder.
A shareholder (or "stockholder") is an individual or company (including a corporation) that legally owns one or more shares of stock in a joint stock company. Both private and public traded companies have shareholders. Companies listed at the stock market are expected to strive to enhance shareholder value.
Shareholders are granted special privileges depending on the class of stock, including the right to vote on matters such as elections to the board of directors, the right to share in distributions of the company's income, the right to purchase new shares issued by the company, and the right to a company's assets during a liquidation of the company. However, shareholder's rights to a company's assets are subordinate to the rights of the company's creditors.
Shareholders are considered by some to be a partial subset of stakeholders, which may include anyone who has a direct or indirect equity interest in the business entity or someone with even a non-pecuniary interest in a non-profit organization. Thus it might be common to call volunteer contributors to an association stakeholders, even though they are not shareholders.
Although directors and officers of a company are bound by fiduciary duties to act in the best interest of the shareholders, the shareholders themselves normally do not have such duties towards each other.
However, in a few unusual cases, some courts have been willing to imply such a duty between shareholders. For example, in California, USA, majority shareholders of closely held corporations have a duty to not destroy the value of the shares held by minority shareholders.
The largest shareholders (in terms of percentages of companies owned) are often mutual funds, and, especially, passively managed exchange-traded funds.
Application.
The owners of a private company may want additional capital to invest in new projects within the company. They may also simply wish to reduce their holding, freeing up capital for their own private use. They can achieve these goals by selling shares in the company to the general public, through a sale on a stock exchange. This process is called an initial public offering, or IPO.
By selling shares they can sell part or all of the company to many part-owners. The purchase of one share entitles the owner of that share to literally share in the ownership of the company, a fraction of the decision-making power, and potentially a fraction of the profits, which the company may issue as dividends.
In the common case of a publicly traded corporation, where there may be thousands of shareholders, it is impractical to have all of them making the daily decisions required to run a company. Thus, the shareholders will use their shares as votes in the election of members of the board of directors of the company.
In a typical case, each share constitutes one vote. Corporations may, however, issue different classes of shares, which may have different voting rights. Owning the majority of the shares allows other shareholders to be out-voted – effective control rests with the majority shareholder (or shareholders acting in concert). In this way the original owners of the company often still have control of the company.
Shareholder rights.
Although ownership of 50% of shares does result in 50% ownership of a company, it does not give the shareholder the right to use a company's building, equipment, materials, or other property. This is because the company is considered a legal person, thus it owns all its assets itself. This is important in areas such as insurance, which must be in the name of the company and not the main shareholder.
In most countries, boards of directors and company managers have a fiduciary responsibility to run the company in the interests of its stockholders. Nonetheless, as Martin Whitman writes:
Even though the board of directors runs the company, the shareholder has some impact on the company's policy, as the shareholders elect the board of directors. Each shareholder typically has a percentage of votes equal to the percentage of shares he or she owns. So as long as the shareholders agree that the management (agent) are performing poorly they can select a new board of directors which can then hire a new management team. In practice, however, genuinely contested board elections are rare. Board candidates are usually nominated by insiders or by the board of the directors themselves, and a considerable amount of stock is held or voted by insiders.
Owning shares does not mean responsibility for liabilities. If a company goes broke and has to default on loans, the shareholders are not liable in any way. However, all money obtained by converting assets into cash will be used to repay loans and other debts first, so that shareholders cannot receive any money unless and until creditors have been paid (often the shareholders end up with nothing).
Means of financing.
Financing a company through the sale of stock in a company is known as equity financing. Alternatively, debt financing (for example issuing bonds) can be done to avoid giving up shares of ownership of the company. Unofficial financing known as trade financing usually provides the major part of a company's working capital (day-to-day operational needs).
Trading.
In general, the shares of a company may be transferred from shareholders to other parties by sale or other mechanisms, unless prohibited. Most jurisdictions have established laws and regulations governing such transfers, particularly if the issuer is a publicly traded entity.
The desire of stockholders to trade their shares has led to the establishment of stock exchanges, organizations which provide marketplaces for trading shares and other derivatives and financial products. Today, stock traders are usually represented by a stockbroker who buys and sells shares of a wide range of companies on such exchanges. A company may list its shares on an exchange by meeting and maintaining the listing requirements of a particular stock exchange. In the United States, through the intermarket trading system, stocks listed on one exchange can often also be traded on other participating exchanges, including electronic communication networks (ECNs), such as Archipelago or Instinet.
Many large non-U.S companies choose to list on a U.S. exchange as well as an exchange in their home country in order to broaden their investor base. These companies must maintain a block of shares at a bank in the US, typically a certain percentage of their capital. On this basis, the holding bank establishes American depositary shares and issues an American depositary receipt (ADR) for each share a trader acquires. Likewise, many large U.S. companies list their shares at foreign exchanges to raise capital abroad.
Small companies that do not qualify and cannot meet the listing requirements of the major exchanges may be traded over-the-counter (OTC) by an off-exchange mechanism in which trading occurs directly between parties. The major OTC markets in the United States are the electronic quotation systems OTC Bulletin Board (OTCBB) and OTC Markets Group (formerly known as Pink OTC Markets Inc.) where individual retail investors are also represented by a brokerage firm and the quotation service's requirements for a company to be listed are minimal. Shares of companies in bankruptcy proceeding are usually listed by these quotation services after the stock is delisted from an exchange.
Buying.
There are various methods of buying and financing stocks, the most common being through a stockbroker. Brokerage firms, whether they are a full-service or discount broker, arrange the transfer of stock from a seller to a buyer. Most trades are actually done through brokers listed with a stock exchange.
There are many different brokerage firms from which to choose, such as full service brokers or discount brokers. The full service brokers usually charge more per trade, but give investment advice or more personal service; the discount brokers offer little or no investment advice but charge less for trades. Another type of broker would be a bank or credit union that may have a deal set up with either a full-service or discount broker.
There are other ways of buying stock besides through a broker. One way is directly from the company itself. If at least one share is owned, most companies will allow the purchase of shares directly from the company through their investor relations departments. However, the initial share of stock in the company will have to be obtained through a regular stock broker. Another way to buy stock in companies is through Direct Public Offerings which are usually sold by the company itself. A direct public offering is an initial public offering in which the stock is purchased directly from the company, usually without the aid of brokers.
When it comes to financing a purchase of stocks there are two ways: purchasing stock with money that is currently in the buyer's ownership, or by buying stock on margin. Buying stock on margin means buying stock with money borrowed against the value of stocks in the same account. These stocks, or collateral, guarantee that the buyer can repay the loan; otherwise, the stockbroker has the right to sell the stock (collateral) to repay the borrowed money. He can sell if the share price drops below the margin requirement, at least 50% of the value of the stocks in the account. Buying on margin works the same way as borrowing money to buy a car or a house, using a car or house as collateral. Moreover, borrowing is not free; the broker usually charges 8–10% interest.
Selling.
Selling stock is procedurally similar to buying stock. Generally, the investor wants to buy low and sell high, if not in that order (short selling); although a number of reasons may induce an investor to sell at a loss, e.g., to avoid further loss.
As with buying a stock, there is a transaction fee for the broker's efforts in arranging the transfer of stock from a seller to a buyer. This fee can be high or low depending on which type of brokerage, full service or discount, handles the transaction.
After the transaction has been made, the seller is then entitled to all of the money. An important part of selling is keeping track of the earnings. Importantly, on selling the stock, in jurisdictions that have them, capital gains taxes will have to be paid on the additional proceeds, if any, that are in excess of the cost basis.
Stock price fluctuations.
The price of a stock fluctuates fundamentally due to the theory of supply and demand. Like all commodities in the market, the price of a stock is sensitive to demand. However, there are many factors that influence the demand for a particular stock. The fields of fundamental analysis and technical analysis attempt to understand market conditions that lead to price changes, or even predict future price levels. A recent study shows that customer satisfaction, as measured by the American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI), is significantly correlated to the market value of a stock. Stock price may be influenced by analysts' business forecast for the company and outlooks for the company's general market segment. Stocks can also fluctuate greatly due to pump and dump scams.
Share price determination.
At any given moment, an equity's price is strictly a result of supply and demand. The supply, commonly referred to as the "float", is the number of shares offered for sale at any one moment. The demand is the number of shares investors wish to buy at exactly that same time. The price of the stock moves in order to achieve and maintain equilibrium. The product of this instantaneous price and the float at any one time is the market capitalization of the entity offering the equity at that point in time.
When prospective buyers outnumber sellers, the price rises. Eventually, sellers attracted to the high selling price enter the market and/or buyers leave, achieving equilibrium between buyers and sellers. When sellers outnumber buyers, the price falls. Eventually buyers enter and/or sellers leave, again achieving equilibrium.
Thus, the value of a share of a company at any given moment is determined by all investors voting with their money. If more investors want a stock and are willing to pay more, the price will go up. If more investors are selling a stock and there aren't enough buyers, the price will go down.
Of course, that does not explain how people decide the maximum price at which they are willing to buy or the minimum at which they are willing to sell. In professional investment circles the efficient market hypothesis (EMH) continues to be popular, although this theory is widely discredited in academic and professional circles. Briefly, EMH says that investing is overall (weighted by the standard deviation) rational; that the price of a stock at any given moment represents a rational evaluation of the known information that might bear on the future value of the company; and that share prices of equities are priced "efficiently", which is to say that they represent accurately the expected value of the stock, as best it can be known at a given moment. In other words, prices are the result of discounting expected future cash flows.
The EMH model, if true, has at least two interesting consequences. First, because financial risk is presumed to require at least a small premium on expected value, the return on equity can be expected to be slightly greater than that available from non-equity investments: if not, the same rational calculations would lead equity investors to shift to these safer non-equity investments that could be expected to give the same or better return at lower risk. Second, because the price of a share at every given moment is an "efficient" reflection of expected value, then—relative to the curve of expected return—prices will tend to follow a random walk, determined by the emergence of information (randomly) over time. Professional equity investors therefore immerse themselves in the flow of fundamental information, seeking to gain an advantage over their competitors (mainly other professional investors) by more intelligently interpreting the emerging flow of information (news).
The EMH model does not seem to give a complete description of the process of equity price determination. For example, stock markets are more volatile than EMH would imply. In recent years it has come to be accepted that the share markets are not perfectly efficient, perhaps especially in emerging markets or other markets that are not dominated by well-informed professional investors.
Another theory of share price determination comes from the field of Behavioral Finance. According to Behavioral Finance, humans often make irrational decisions—particularly, related to the buying and selling of securities—based upon fears and misperceptions of outcomes. The irrational trading of securities can often create securities prices which vary from rational, fundamental price valuations. For instance, during the technology bubble of the late 1990s (which was followed by the dot-com bust of 2000–2002), technology companies were often bid beyond any rational fundamental value because of what is commonly known as the "greater fool theory". The "greater fool theory" holds that, because the predominant method of realizing returns in equity is from the sale to another investor, one should select securities that they believe that someone else will value at a higher level at some point in the future, without regard to the basis for that other party's willingness to pay a higher price.
Thus, even a rational investor may bank on others' irrationality.
Arbitrage trading.
When companies raise capital by offering stock on more than one exchange, the potential exists for discrepancies in the valuation of shares on different exchanges. A keen investor with access to information about such discrepancies may invest in expectation of their eventual convergence, known as arbitrage trading. Electronic trading has resulted in extensive price transparency (efficient-market hypothesis) and these discrepancies, if they exist, are short-lived and quickly equilibrated.

</doc>
<doc id="19372810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372810" title="List of tenants in Two World Trade Center">
List of tenants in Two World Trade Center

The South Tower (also known as Tower 2, Building Two or 2 WTC) of the World Trade Center in New York City, New York, was completed and opened in 1973 at a height of 415 meters (1,362 ft) to the roof, distinguishable from the North Tower by its outdoor observation deck and the absence of a television antenna.
The address of this building was 2 World Trade Center with the WTC complex having its own ZIP code of 10048. It was destroyed along with the North Tower (1 World Trade Center) in the September 11 attacks. The South Tower was the second tower to be struck at 9:03 AM and the first tower to collapse at 9:59 AM. 
On the 107th floor of this building was a popular tourist attraction called Top of the World Trade Center Observatories. On the roof was an observation deck accessible to the public and a disused helipad at the center. 
Note: Floor numbers in  red  are part of United Airlines Flight 175's impact area, with trapped floors above this zone marked in  grey .

</doc>
<doc id="19372829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372829" title="Economic effects arising from the September 11 attacks">
Economic effects arising from the September 11 attacks

The economic effects arising from the September 11 attacks were initial shock causing global stock markets to drop sharply. The September 11 attacks themselves resulted in approximately $40 billion in insurance losses, making it one of the largest insured events ever.
Financial markets.
The opening of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) was delayed after the first plane crashed into the World Trade Center's North Tower, and trading for the day was canceled after the second plane crashed into the South Tower. NASDAQ also canceled trading. The New York Stock Exchange was then evacuated as well as nearly all banks and financial institutions on Wall Street and in many cities across the country. The London Stock Exchange and other stock exchanges around the world were also closed down and evacuated in fear of follow-up terrorist attacks. The New York Stock Exchange remained closed until the following Monday. This was the third time in history that the NYSE experienced prolonged closure, the first time being in March 1933 and the second a few months at the beginning of World War II. Trading on the United States bond market also ceased, with the leading government bond trader, Cantor Fitzgerald, based in the World Trade Center. The New York Mercantile Exchange was also closed for a week after the attacks.
The Federal Reserve issued a statement, saying it was "open and operating. The discount window is available to meet liquidity needs.". The Federal Reserve added $100 billion in liquidity per day, during the three days following the attack, to help avert a financial crisis. Federal Reserve Governor Roger W. Ferguson, Jr., the only Governor in Washington, D.C. on the day of the attacks, has described in detail this and the other actions that the Fed undertook to maintain a stable economy and offset potential disruptions arising in the financial system.
Gold prices spiked upwards, from $215.50 to $287 an ounce in London trading. Oil prices also spiked upwards. Gas prices in the United States also briefly shot up, though the spike in prices lasted only about one week.
Currency trading continued, with the United States dollar falling sharply against the Euro, British pound, and Japanese yen. The next day, European stock markets fell sharply, including declines of 4.6% in Spain, 8.5% in Germany, and 5.7% on the London Stock Exchange. Stocks in the Latin American markets also plunged, with a 9.2% drop in Brazil, 5.2% drop in Argentina, and 5.6% decline in Mexico, before trading was halted.
Economic sectors.
In international and domestic markets, stocks of companies in some sectors were hit particularly hard. Travel and entertainment stocks fell, while communications, pharmaceutical and military/defense stocks rose. Online travel agencies particularly suffered, as they cater to leisure travel.
Insurance.
Insurance losses due to 9/11 were more than one and a half times greater than what was previously the largest disaster (Hurricane Andrew) in terms of losses. The losses included business interruption ($11.0 billion), property ($9.6 billion), liability ($7.5 billion), workers compensation ($1.8 billion), and others ($2.5 billion). The firms with the largest losses included Berkshire Hathaway, Lloyd's, Swiss Re, and Munich Re, all which are reinsurers, with more than $2 billion each in losses. Shares of major reinsurers, including Swiss Re and Baloise Insurance Group dropped by more than 10%, while shares of Swiss Life dropped 7.8%. Although the insurance industry held reserves that covered the 9/11 attacks, insurance companies were reluctant to continue providing coverage for future terrorist attacks. Only a few insurers offer such coverage, and it is limited and very expensive.
Airlines and aviation.
Flights were grounded in various places across the United States and Canada that did not necessarily have the operational support in place, such as dedicated ground crews. A large number of transatlantic flights landed in Gander in Newfoundland and in Halifax, Nova Scotia, with the logistics handled by Transport Canada in Operation Yellow Ribbon. To help with immediate needs for victims' families, United Airlines and American Airlines both provided initial payments of $25,000. The airlines were also required to refund ticket purchases for anyone unable to fly.
The 9/11 attacks compounded financial troubles that the airline industry already was experiencing before the attacks. Share prices of airlines and airplane manufacturers plummeted after the attacks. Midway Airlines, already on the brink of bankruptcy, shut down operations almost immediately afterwards. Other airlines were threatened with bankruptcy, and tens of thousands of layoffs were announced in the week following the attacks. To help the industry, the federal government provided an aid package to the industry, including $10 billion in loan guarantees, along with $5 billion for short-term assistance.
Tourism.
Tourism in New York City plummeted, causing massive losses in a sector which employed 280,000 people and generated $25 billion per year. In the week following the attack, hotel occupancy fell below 40%, and 3,000 employees were laid off. Tourism, hotel occupancy and-in particular-flying also fell drastically across the nation. The reluctance to fly may have been due to increased fear of a repeat attack. Suzanne Thompson, Professor of Psychology at Pomona College, California conducted interviews of 501 people who were not direct victims of 9/11. From this, she concluded that "Most participants felt more distress (65 percent) and a stronger fear of flying (55 percent) immediately after the event than they did before the attacks."
Security.
Since the 9/11 attacks, substantial resources have been put towards improving security, in the areas of homeland security, national defense, and in the private sector.
New York City.
In New York City, approximately 430,000 jobs were lost and there were $2.8 billion in lost wages over the three months following the 9/11 attacks. The economic effects were mainly focused on the city's export economy sectors. The GDP for New York City was estimated to have declined by $30.3 billion over the last three months of 2001 and all of 2002. The Federal government provided $11.2 billion in immediate assistance to the Government of New York City in September 2001, and $10.5 billion in early 2002 for economic development and infrastructure needs.
The 9/11 attacks also had great impact on small businesses in Lower Manhattan, located near the World Trade Center. Approximately 18,000 small businesses were destroyed or displaced after the attacks. The Small Business Administration provided loans as assistance, while Community Development Block Grants and Economic Injury Disaster Loans were other also used by the Federal Government to provide assistance to small business affected by the 9/11 attacks.
Indirect effects.
The September 11 attacks also led directly to the U.S. war in Afghanistan, as well as additional homeland security spending. The attacks were also cited as a rationale for the Iraq war, although this rationale was discredited by intelligence organizations globally. 
The cost of the two wars so far has surpassed $5 trillion.

</doc>
<doc id="19372837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372837" title="Mirror fugue">
Mirror fugue

A mirror fugue is a fugue, or rather two fugues, one of which is the mirror image of the other. It is as though a mirror were placed above or below an existing fugue, producing inversions of each interval in each part, as well as inverting the position of the parts within the texture, so that, for example, the topmost part in one fugue is inverted to produce the lowest part in the other. This is well demonstrated by the two four-part fugues of Contrapunctus 12 in "The Art of Fugue".
The two three-part fugues of Contrapunctus 13 exhibit a similar relationship to each other, but this cannot strictly be called a mirror fugue, since the position of each inverted part is not itself inverted in the texture, SAB becoming not BAS, but BSA.

</doc>
<doc id="19372839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372839" title="DR Class 52.80">
DR Class 52.80

The "Rekolokomotives" of DR Class 52.80 first appeared in 1960 in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany as extensive rebuilds of the wartime locomotives or "Kriegslokomotiven" of DRB Class 52. This modernisation, described as 'reconstruction' ("Rekonstruktion", hence "Rekolokomotive"), extended to almost all of the components and systems on the engine. 
Overview.
This reconstruction should not to be confused with the general repair of a number of locomotives which was also carried out in the Stendal Reichsbahn repair shop ("Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk" or "RAW") from 1959 onwards. Under that programme only the refinements omitted during wartime were added back, and worn out components - or those which were too small (again for wartime austerity reasons) - were replaced. Usually only the firebox and pony trucks were replaced. These refurbished engines retained their original numbers, however the "Rekoloks" were reorganised, irrespective of their original numbers, into sub-class 52.80.
For economic reasons the general repair programme was cut back, nevertheless in early summer 1960 work began on the reconstruction of Class 52 at "RAW" Stendal. Up to 1967, 200 locomotives were rebuilt with a slightly modified, Typ 50E, combustion-chambered boiler, originally designed for the Class 50.35. Other notable features of the "Rekolok" were new, welded cylinders, an "IfS/DR" mixer-preheater system and a new driver's cab front walls with oval windows, mainly on account of the new boiler. The intention to replace the entire the cab and provide the engines with new tenders did not come about. The worn out Class 2'2'T30 tub tenders were mainly given new tubs.
Other reconstruction measures included the installation of axle box tightening wedges and the replacement of the Krauss-Helmholtz bogies. Despite often expressed views to the contrary, the valves were not replaced or rebuilt as part of the reconstruction. The 52.80 had standard piston valves with Winterthur pressure equalisation and hence poor riding qualities when running light. Not until the 1980s were Trofimoff valves and cylinder safety valves installed on some locomotives at "RAW" Meiningen. This improved the riding performance hugely when the engines ran without a train, something which was also noticeable in terms of savings in lubricants and fuel.
Some locomotives were also fitted with Giesl-Gieslingen suction draught systems, the so-called Giesl ejectors. However, for licensing reasons, these were removed once they had worn out or become defective.
Surviving locomotives.
Of the originally 200 locomotives reconstructed, a large number are still in existence in the hands of various owners in varying condition (see List of preserved steam locomotives in Germany). At present (August 2007) ten working examples are known of. Number "52 8055" was extensively rebuilt, using advanced steam technology, oil firing and roller bearings for both axles and drive by the Swiss company Dampflokomotiv- und Maschinenfabrik DLM AG in 1998. 
Since 2003 it is owned by its rebuilder DLM AG and based in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. Being equipped with automatic trainstop of both Signum and 
ETCS-LS type it is fully certified for operation on the Swiss normal gauge network.

</doc>
<doc id="19372849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372849" title="David Preiss">
David Preiss

David Preiss (born 1947) is a professor of mathematics at the University of Warwick and the winner of the 2008 LMS Pólya Prize for his 1987 result on "Geometry of Measures", where he solved the remaining problem in the geometric theoretic structure of sets and measures in Euclidean space. Preiss has Erdős number 1.
David Preiss is recognised as having a distinctive lecturing style that blends together a multimedia demonstration and vocal lecturing: this has brought him much peer attention from within the Warwick Mathematics Institute.
He is associate editor of the mathematical journal Real Analysis Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19372852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372852" title="MecA (gene)">
MecA (gene)

The mecA gene is a gene found in bacterial cells. The "mecA" gene allows a bacterium to be resistant to antibiotics such as methicillin, penicillin and other penicillin-like antibiotics. 
The most commonly known carrier of the "mecA" gene is the bacterium known as MRSA. It is also found in "Staphylococcus aureus" and "Streptococcus pneumoniae" strains resistant to penicillin-like antibiotics. In "Staphylococcus" species, "mecA" is spread on the SCC"mec" genetic element.
The "mecA" gene does not allow the ringlike structure of penicillin-like antibiotics to attack the enzymes that help form the cell wall of the bacterium (transpeptidases), and hence the bacteria is allowed to replicate as normal. The gene encodes the protein PBP2A (Penicillin binding protein 2A). PBP2A has a low affinity for beta-lactam antibiotics such as methicillin and penicillin. This enables transpeptidase activity in the presence of beta-lactams, preventing them from inhibiting cell wall synthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19372865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372865" title="Hill of Tarvit">
Hill of Tarvit

The Hill of Tarvit is a 20th-century mansion house and gardens in Fife, Scotland. They were designed by Sir Robert Lorimer and are today owned by the National Trust for Scotland.
Description.
The house is situated on a hillside a mile and a half south of Cupar, Fife. It is set in of garden and of open estate. This includes woodland, parkland, farmland and open heath, with extensive views. 
Between 1905 and 1906, the house and gardens were remodelled, for the Sharp family, by the renowned Scottish architect Sir Robert Lorimer incorporating French and Chippendale-style furniture, porcelain and paintings collected by F B Sharp. 
The house today and wider estates are owned and operated by the National Trust for Scotland. They display Lorimer's original design and furnishings, and they are open to the public incorporating a tearoom and shop. Visitors are able to see the both the Sharp family's state of the art accommodation, as well as glimpse life "below-stairs" for the servants.
History.
The site dates back to at least the Iron Age. The remains of a homestead were excavated in 1946-7 at the top of Tarvit Hill. During the excavation, an elaborate circular wooden house of about 17 m in diameter was found, it was within an oval bank which enclosed an area of 33x27m. The house is thought to have been occupied between 200 BC and AD 200, and rebuilt at least twice in that period.
Scotstarvit tower.
In 1500, Scotstarvit Tower was built a mile southwest from Hill of Tarvit. This was constructed by the Inglis family of Tarvit as the centre of their estate. The tower was then sold in 1611 to Sir John Scott of Scotstarvit. Sir John rebuilt much of the tower in the 1620s - seen by the date 1627 on a piece of the Tower's chimneypiece that now forms part of the fireplace in the Hill of Tarvit's smoking room.
Wemyss Hall.
The estate, then known as Unthank was remodelled by John Wemyss of Unthank after 1696. Wemyss neglected the defensive tower as redundant and built a new mansion house on the site of the current Hill of Tarvit house, naming it "Wemyss House". The architect used here was possibly Sir William Bruce. This house was expanded in the following centuries, with a service wings added to the rear or north side, one during the 1840s.
Hill of Tarvit.
Frederick Bower Sharp purchased Wemyss Hall and its then estate in 1904. Sharp's family had made their fortune in Dundee's jute industry as mill owners (and had sold cloth for sandbags to both sides during the American Civil War), and Sharp had added venture capital and rail transport to his business interests (he was chairman of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway). His intention was to construct a new family home with ready access to Dundee and to his golfing interests at St Andrews' Royal and Ancient Golf Club. He also wanted somewhere to house his already extensive collection of paintings, tapestries, furniture and porcelain. Although the location of Wemyss Hall met his requirements, the accommodation did not, and so he engaged the architect Sir Robert Lorimer. Lorimer had recently transformed Kellie Castle, just ten miles (16 km) away. Over the next two years, the new mansion house (named Hill of Tarvit) replaced the main block of the earlier house, although the rear service wings were retained. The new house was fitted with all modern conveniences, including electricity, an internal phone system and central heating. Sharp added a 9-hole golf course in 1924 to the south of the house. 
Hugh Sharp (born 1897), Frederick's only son, inherited the house on his father's death in 1932. Hugh, who had served with distinction during the 1914-18 war, added to the house's collection, his particular interests being rare books, and botanical specimens (many of which can still be seen in the gardens). In 1937, Hugh was travelling by rail to meet his fiancée Mabel Hogarth in Glasgow. He was one of 35 people killed when the Glasgow-Edinburgh express collided with a stationary train at Castlecary. (See Castlecary rail accidents.) His mother Beatrice continued to live at Hill of Tarvit until her death in 1946. Two years later, on the death of his sister Elizabeth, the house and the family's collection was left to the National Trust for Scotland, with a sizable endowment for upkeep. Hugh's book collection was presented to the National Library of Scotland. 
Until 1977, only the ground floor of the house was open to the public, and then only by appointment, the upper floors being used by the Marie Curie Foundation as a convalescent home.

</doc>
<doc id="19372871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372871" title="Hartlepool College">
Hartlepool College

Hartlepool College can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19372883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372883" title="David Bright (soccer)">
David Bright (soccer)

Major David Bright (born 13 June 1956) is a Botswanan football (soccer) coach currently managing Bay United. He is considered to be one of Botswana’s most successful coaches.
On 5 February 1992, Bright joined Mogoditshane Fighters in the Botswana First Division. During his 13 year spell, he led the team to three consecutive Botswana Premier League titles between 1999 and 2001.
Bright has also managed Engen Santos, Bay United, Gaborone United and the Botswana national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19372898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372898" title="Smith signal">
Smith signal

The Smith signal (also known as Smith echo or Smith Peter) is an attitude carding signal in contract bridge showing additional values (or lack thereof) in the first suit led by the defence, while the signal itself is given in the first suit played by declarer.
Example.
There are several variations, depending on partnerships agreement, as to exactly when this signal applies. It can be played either against notrump contracts only, or against all contracts. It can be used by both players, or used only by the opener, or used only by his partner. Alternatively, it can be played "upside-down" -- i.e. low-high shows values in the opening-lead suit, while high-low denies it.

</doc>
<doc id="19372919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372919" title="Maikel Pérez">
Maikel Pérez

Maikel Antonio Pérez González (born May 12, 1983) is a male freestyle wrestler from Cuba. He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics.In 1/16 of final he lost with Rizvan Gadzhiev from Belarus and was eliminated from competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19372932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372932" title="Venice Theatre">
Venice Theatre

Venice Theatre is a community theater in Venice, Florida, USA. 

</doc>
<doc id="19372945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372945" title="Canton of Clères">
Canton of Clères

The Canton of Clères is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farmland and forests in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Clères. The altitude varies from 42m (Montville) to 186 m (Le Bocasse) with an average altitude of 147m.
Composition.
The Canton of Clères comprises 22 communes and a total of 21,068 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19372981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19372981" title="68th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion (United States)">
68th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion (United States)

The 68th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion is a U.S. Army support battalion stationed at Fort Carson, Colorado. The Battalion motto is "Wheels of Distinction". The battalion call sign until October 4, 2012 was "Stagecoach". On that day, the battalion changed its call sign to "War Wagon." The 68th has deployed overseas to India, Burma, Somalia, Cuba, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Afghanistan.
Organization.
The 68th CSSB is currently assigned to the 43rd Sustainment Brigade. Subordinate elements of the 68th are:
Service history.
Constituted 1 May 1936 in the Regular Army as Headquarters, 2d Battalion 45th Quartermaster Regiment (Truck-Army) and allotted to the Eighth Corps Area. Redesignated 29 September 1939 as Headquarters, 2d Battalion 45th Quartermaster Regiment (Truck-Corps). Redesignated 8 January 1940 as Headquarters, 2d Battalion 45th Quartermaster Regiment (Truck). Redesignated 1 April 1942 as Headquarters, 2d Battalion 45th Quartermaster Truck Regiment.
World War II.
Activated 9 May 1942 at Camp John T. Knight, Oakland Sub-Port of Embarkation, California. In January 1943, the battalion proceeded to Camp Stoneman, Pittsburg, Northern California where they participated in numerous training exercises in preparation for deployment. The Battalion delivered by convoy large numbers of vehicles to ports of embarkation up and down the Pacific Coast from the Stockton Ordnance Depot to Vancouver, Washington, Port Hueneme, California and Los Angeles, California.
In September 1943 the Battalion boarded the transport George Washington in San Pedro (Submarine Base, Los Angeles), California and voyaged for 6 weeks to Bombay, India. After 4 days in Bombay, the Battalion boarded the British transport Nevasa and sailed to Calcutta, India. The 2nd Battalion remained in Calcutta to clean up the bottleneck of supplies that had developed from incoming ships and barges. With this mission accomplished, the Battalion joined the rest of the 45th Quartermaster Regiment in Ledo, Assam. <br>On 1 December 1943, the Battalion was redesignated as Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment, 68th Quartermaster Battalion, Mobile with subordinate companies resignated as the 3465th, 3466th, 3467th and 3468th Quartermaster Truck Companies.
The duties of the Battalion consisted of rail unloading and convoying supplies forward for the Chinese Army in India and Merrill’s Marauders. The convoying continued in ever-increasing distances as the length of the road was extended until it linked up with the Burma Road in Wanting. The Battalion was one of the first units to be put on Burma Convoy Duty delivering vehicles to the China Theater Headquarters at Kunming. While the Japanese attempted to break out into the Imphal Plain, the battalion was called on to assume infantry duty to protect the Ledo Base in the event of a possible attack. However, not a single Japanese showed up and the Battalion returned to convoy duty.
In October 1945, after V-J Day, the Battalion left Ledo by train across India to Karachi Port, India and eventually arrived in New York on 24 November. The Battalion was broken up, out processed, and inactivated on 26 November 1945 at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey and Officers and Soldiers returned by detachments to camps nearest their homes.
Inactivation and rebirth.
Redesignated 1 August 1946 as Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment, 68th Transportation Corps Truck Battalion. Redesignated 14 July 1966 as Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment, 68th Transportation Battalion. Activated 25 August 1966 at Fort Carson, Colorado under the 43rd General Support Group. The battalion loaded the 1st Brigade, 5th Infantry Division's vehicles and equipment for Vietnam in July 1968. <br>
The following units were assigned or attached to the 68th at various times during the Vietnam era:
Over the years, the Battalion has maintained high state of readiness and training, in addition to providing essential transportation support to units in the Continental United States.
Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm.
The 68th Transportation Battalion deployed to Saudi Arabia from October 1990 to June 1991 in support of Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm. Throughout this campaign, the 68th provided key transportation support throughout the theater. The unit received the Meritorious Unit Citation for services in Southwest Asia.
Operation Restore Hope.
On 15 October 1992, the Battalion was re-designated as the 68th Corps Support Battalion. From May to August 1993, the 68th once again was on the move. The Battalion deployed to Mogadishu, Somalia to provide maintenance, supply, transportation and field services in support of Operation Continue Hope.
Operation Sea Signal.
From October 1994 to March 1995, the 68th Corps Support Battalion deployed to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. In support of Operation Sea Signal, the Battalion provided essential life support to include transportation, maintenance, supply and field services to Cuban and Haitian migrants and US Forces. The unit received the Joint Meritorious Unit Award for service to Joint Task Force 160 during this operation. The 68th returned to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba from January to April 1996 to close the migrant support facilities constructed during Operation Sea Signal.
Transformation.
On 1 October 2006, the 68th Corps Support Battalion was redesignated as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 68th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion.
Shoulder sleeve insignia.
Description: On a buff colored vertical rectangular embroidered item, arched outwardly at top and bottom, a red diagonal stripe from upper left to lower right, between a white compass rose upper right and stylized buff mountain range of five peaks with white snowcapped with dark gray details; all within a 1/8 inch (3.2 mm) yellow border. Overall dimensions are 2 1/16 inches (5.24 cm) in width and 3 1/16 inches (7.78 cm) in height.
Symbolism: Buff and scarlet are the colors traditionally associated with the Support units. The diagonal stripe suggests protection. The compass rose signifies guidance and the unit’s capability to deploy worldwide. The stylized mountain range denotes Fort Carson, Colorado, home of the unit since 1966. The five peaks allude to the five campaigns fought by the 43d Corps and Area Support Groups, predecessors to the 43d Sustainment Brigade.
Background: The shoulder sleeve insignia was approved effective 16 April 2008.
Distinctive unit insignia.
Description: A gold and enamel device, one inch in height, consisting of a blue ring interlace over and under a brick red ring, each issuing one wavy gold arrow overall to the left and to the right between the motto inscribed on top of the blue ring "Wheels of" and on the bottom of the ring "Distinction", all in gold. The two rings simulate wheels; the blue alludes to the Quartermaster insignia wheel from which the unit descended, and the brick red one to the Transportation Corps insignia wheel. The two arrows represent honors awarded the unit during the India-Burma and Central Burma campaigns during World War II, and the wavy arrows symbolize the tortured Burma Road run as well as suggests the important idea of "Points of Departure and Arrival."
Crest: On a wreath of the colors (or and gules red) an elephant passant superimposed by the head of a Burmese tribeswoman in traditional brass neck loops and jewelry surmounted in base by the tip of a scimitar suspended bendwise from the elephant's upraised trunk proper.

</doc>
<doc id="19373003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373003" title="Ottawa Soccer Stadium">
Ottawa Soccer Stadium

The Ottawa Soccer Stadium was a proposed open-air soccer facility in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It was part of a proposal to bring a Major League Soccer franchise to Ottawa by the Ottawa Senators organization.
Proposal.
The stadium, projected to cost $100 million, was designed to hold 20,000 for sports. One end terrace on the north end was convertible to a concert stage for outdoor concerts, and with field seating, the stadium could hold 30,000 for concerts. The field would have had a natural grass surface built to MLS and FIFA specifications. Outside of the stadium there would have been five open-air soccer fields, of which one would be to MLS and FIFA standards and the others to community standards. The purpose of the external fields was for community use and the MLS team's practices.The architectural design was by Rossetti Architects, architects of Scotiabank Place.
The stadium was to be located on City of Ottawa land to the south-east of nearby Scotiabank Place, in the west end of Ottawa, on Palladium Drive, west of Terry Fox Drive. The soccer stadium would share parking with Scotiabank Place. The land is currently frozen for development by the Ontario provincial government as it is on a floodplain of the Carp River. The land is currently used as a snow dump.
The proponents were Senators Sports & Entertainment, owners of the NHL's Ottawa Senators. The stadium plans were announced on September 16, 2008 by Scotiabank Place CEO Cyril Leeder and SSE owner and chairman Eugene Melnyk. Senators Sports & Entertainment is seeking funding from all levels of government for construction and operation of the stadium, and will operate a new MLS franchise there separately under private ownership. To support the initiative, SSE launched the "Bring the World to Ottawa" campaign seeking broad community support.
MLS expansion.
While the MLS commissioner gave positive comments about the Ottawa proposal, MLS eventually granted expansion franchises to other cities, including Portland, Oregon and Vancouver, British Columbia.
Lansdowne Live.
At the same time that the Ottawa Soccer Stadium proposal was made, the City of Ottawa was presented with the "Lansdowne Live" proposal to revitalize Lansdowne Park and Frank Clair Stadium. A public debate went on both proposals, which would both require some investment on the part of the City. In February 2009, a public opinion poll conducted by The Ottawa Citizen, found that 79% of respondents preferred the Lansdowne Park Football facility option over the Kanata located soccer facility.
In April 2009, matters came to a head. The staff of the City of Ottawa presented a report to Council on the merits of the Soccer Stadium and Lansdowne proposals. The City held public hearings based on the report, which questioned the necessity of the spending, but gave a slight edge to the Lansdowne proposal. Councillors attempted to find out whether the SSE group would support sharing their stadium with a planned CFL franchise, but the SSE group rejected the possibility. Lansdowne Live proponents made it clear that an MLS team, or another pro soccer team, such as one in the North American Soccer League (NASL) could play at Frank Clair Stadium.
On April 22, 2009, the City of Ottawa Council chose the Lansdowne Live proposal over the SSE proposal as its choice for an outdoor stadium. Since that time, the Lansdowne Live proponents and the City of Ottawa have been negotiating over a final plan. Melnyk released a press release expressing his disappointment and directed SSE staff to stop work on their proposal.

</doc>
<doc id="19373034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373034" title="Airbourne (air show)">
Airbourne (air show)

Airbourne, also known as Eastbourne International Airshow, is a 4-day international air show run every August in Eastbourne, Sussex, England. Based around a long relationship with the Red Arrows display team, the event features Battle of Britain memorial flights and aircraft from the RAF, USAF and many others.
Started in 1993, the show is run by Eastbourne Borough Council, who claim it contributes to the millions of pounds which tourism bring to the town.
A dedicated FM radio station, "Radio Airbourne", broadcasts on 87.7FM during the event.
Funding.
In 2008, Eastbourne Borough Council controversially decided to charge a £5 admission fee, in order to meet the show's rising costs, having failed to find a major sponsor. However, with visitor numbers down on previous years, and the additional cost of security during the event, the organisers were left with a £170k operational loss, and an inquiry was ordered. Five senior members of staff at Eastbourne Borough Council were made redundant in late 2009 as part of a cost-cutting exercise.
The organisers remained confident that there would be an event in 2009, but admitted that lessons would have to be learnt, and the funding of the event reviewed. Council leader David Tutt said: "We will be investigating what went right, what went wrong and looking very seriously at ways of ensuring the event for future years." A 2009 event did take place.
Accidents.
As with any airshow, some of the stunts performed carry a risk to the pilots, and Airbourne has seen accidents of various severity over the years. On 18 August 2000 former Red Arrows pilot Ted Girdler was killed when his Aero L-29 Delfín jet failed to pull up from a diving roll and crashed into the English Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19373038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373038" title="Memex Technology Limited">
Memex Technology Limited

Memex Technology Limited is a Scottish software company delivering mission-critical information systems and services for the Law Enforcement and Security markets. It is headquartered in Peel Park in East Kilbride, Scotland. In July 2010 it was acquired by SAS Institute Inc. with the aim of expanding SAS' presence in the law enforcement market.
Areas of business.
Memex has developed a number of software databases and analysis applications used by UK and US Police Forces. Approximately 25% of the United Kingdoms Police Forces make use of Memex's software, and a number of United States federal agencies use Memex in counter-terrorism. 
The company has a global presence, operating through a network of commercial partners. The United States is the country where Memex has the strongest presence outside of in the UK, and the company has a dedicated office in Vienna, Virginia.
History.
The company is named after the concept of Memex, a machine that could act as an extension to the human memory, into which vast amounts of varied information could be deposited and later retrieved. 
In 1972, as technology progressed, two academics in Edinburgh set out to realise Dr. Bush's vision. Professor Fred Heath, then Dean of Computing at Heriot-Watt University, and Dr. Graham Woyka designed the state diagrams and circuitry necessary to implement Bush's Memex concept.
During this process, Woyka and Heath founded the Research and Development firm Memex Group Limited.
In 1984, Memex released the first of its hardware database solutions - the Memex Intelligence Engine, which remained at the core of the company's software products for many years. In its early years, Memex experienced steady growth, primarily selling into Military markets.
The software version of the Memex Intelligence Engine was developed in 1988 and three markets emerged for the software: Law Enforcement, Defence Intelligence and Commercial Fraud.
Memex technology merged with SAS and became SAS Public Security.
References.
Memex Technology Limited profile [http://www.memex.com/AboutMemex/]

</doc>
<doc id="19373045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373045" title="Canton of Darnétal">
Canton of Darnétal

The Canton of Darnétal is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farmland and forests, with some light industry in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Darnétal. The altitude varies from 13m (Darnétal) to 183m (Le Héron) with an average altitude of 117m.
Composition.
The Canton of Darnétal comprises 19 communes and a total of 25,812 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19373057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373057" title="The Housekeeper's Daughter">
The Housekeeper's Daughter

"The Housekeeper's Daughter" is a 1939 comedy film directed and produced by Hal Roach. The film stars by Joan Bennett, Adolphe Menjou and John Hubbard. The screenplay was written by Rian James, Gordon Douglas, Jack Jevne and Claude Martin, based on novel by Donald Henderson Clarke.

</doc>
<doc id="19373062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373062" title="Jörg Kühn">
Jörg Kühn

Jörg Kühn (1940–1964) was a Swiss artist, naturalist and scientific illustrator who specialized in animal and bird paintings and drawings. He was also a children's book illustrator. He is noted for illustrations that are of a particularly scientific and exact nature.
Biography.
Kühn's reputation as a master of the exact portrayal of animals and birds is based on a professional career that lasted barely six years during which he worked prolifically. The legacy is regarded as very valuable containing in excess of one hundred colour plates and several hundred line drawings and innumerable field studies of the animals and birds he was illustrating. His depictive style has echoes of Louis Agassiz Fuertes
He worked from 1961 to 1964 as a scientific illustrator at the Zoological Museum (Zoologische Museum der Universitat Zürich). His work which appeared in scientific publications including "Pro Natura", "Pro Juventute", World Wildlife Fund, and "Hallwag-Verlag" are exact and beautifully drawn. He was also skilled in graphics and taught the skill at the Zoological Museum in Zürich.
As well as scientific publications, he was sometimes employed as an illustrator of books including the children’s book "Der Wald Und Seine Tierre" ("The Forest and its Animals") (1963) where his illustrations included monographs of forest animals.It has run to at least five editions since it was first published in 1963.
His colour plates include those of threatened wildlife that were commissioned by the World Wildlife Fund and contributions to the "Handbuch der Vögel Mitteleuropas" ("Handbook of the Birds of Central Europe").
Although Jörg Kühn's is chiefly remembered as a wildlife illustrator he was also commissioned to illustrate a number of medical textbooks including for the "Surgery of the Thyroid and Parathyroid Glands" 
Kühn died in Zürich in October 1964 from Hodgkin's lymphoma diagnosed when he was eighteen years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="19373072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373072" title="Morgan Olson">
Morgan Olson

Morgan Olson is a leading producer of aluminum walk-in vans. Morgan Olson was founded in 1946 on Long Island, New York, by Jimmy Olson, and is currently located in Sturgis, Michigan. Previously owned by Northrop Grumman, followed by a group of senior managers, Morgan Olson was purchased by JBPCO in 2003.
Morgan Olson's leading competitor is Utilimaster Corporation.
Morgan Olson customers include: UPS, FedEx, USPS, Unifirst, Aramark, G & K Services, Frito Lay, Community Coffee, LDV, WB Mason, Bimbo Baking, Amazon fresh.
Products.
Morgan Olson produces aluminum walk-in vans. The aluminum walk-in van has also been known as a "step van" and "multi-stop" van. The key features of the Walk-in vehicle are the delivery efficiencies it provides the driver. It is quite normal for a Morgan Olson walk-in van to have a service life of over twenty years.
Morgan Olson opened an additional manufacturing facility in North Charleston, S.C in 2013. This facility expanded Morgan Olson capabilities to include upfitting cargo vans with various internal layouts. 
Service Parts – Morgan Olson provides service parts to a wide range of customers on a number of products. Aside from its current product, Morgan Olson provides service parts for its sister company, Morgan Corporation, as well as the United States Postal Service for its Long Life Vehicle.
History.
The idea for the first aluminum walk-in van was originated by Walter Heingartner, owner of Kinney Motors Chevrolet in Brooklyn, NY. Heingartner was friends with Jimmy Olson, then Commissioner of the New York State Liquor Authority. Olson had no truck experience, but knowing there were ten independent laundry companies in Brooklyn alone, he saw a market. He knew an aluminum body would be lighter and less prone to corrosion. He also knew someone who could build it, "Jake" Swirbul, one of Grumman's founders.
Grumman had no experience building commercial truck bodies. However, they decided to move forward with the concept and Grumman Aircraft Engineering was scheduled to produce the vehicle beginning in 1939. The concept was shelved due to the onset of WWII.
After the war, Olson and three partners formulated J.B.E. Olson Corporation on Coney Island Avenue in Brooklyn. Construction of the aluminum vehicle began. For its public unveiling, Olson rented the ballroom of the Waldorf-Astoria in New York City and invited Chevrolet dealers from all over the east coast. The vehicle was enthusiastically received and J.B.E. Olson received orders for 450 units, and the Grumman Olson aluminum walk-in van was born.
The company grew and prospered over the next many decades. The company purchased the Sturgis, MI facility, its current headquarters, in 1963.
In 1984, Grumman Olson was awarded the largest contract in its history. The United States Postal Service (USPS) awarded Grumman Olson a contract worth over one billion dollars. Over 150,000 vehicles were produced, of which the majority are in operation today.
After changes in ownership in the 1990s, Grumman Olson was faced with a declining market, and eventually declared bankruptcy in 2001. The company was purchased by JBPCO, a parent company whose sales are nearly one billion annually, in 2003. At this time the name of the company was changed to Morgan Olson. Since the acquisition of Morgan Olson by JBPCO, it has seen steady, profitable growth until 2009.
Today, Morgan Olson produces walk in vans for companies such as UPS, FedEx, Frito Lay, AmeriPride, Lance Inc, W.B. Mason, Unifirst, G & K Services, and Bimbo Baking.
Location.
Morgan Olson is located in the southern Michigan town of Sturgis.

</doc>
<doc id="19373075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373075" title="Rigoberto Trujillo">
Rigoberto Trujillo

Rigoberto Trujillo (born December 21, 1978) is a retired judoka from Cuba. He won the bronze medal in the men's heavyweight (+ 100 kg) division at the 2003 Pan American Games, alongside USA's Martin Boonzaayer.

</doc>
<doc id="19373093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373093" title="Double-take">
Double-take


</doc>
<doc id="19373104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373104" title="List of riots in Mumbai">
List of riots in Mumbai

The city of Mumbai (formerly Bombay) has witnessed several riots during its history. These are the list of riots.

</doc>
<doc id="19373107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373107" title="Fred Jones (rugby league)">
Fred Jones (rugby league)

Fred Jones is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 70s. An Australian international and New South Wales interstate representative hooker, he played his club football for Manly-Warringah, with whom he won the 1972 and 1973 NSWRFL Premierships.
A product of the South Coast, Jones rose through the Manly juniors, appearing in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership's first grade in 1961. Except for the 1964 season that he spent at Tumbarumba, Jones played his entire career with the Manly-Warringah club, fourteen seasons in all, and also captained the club. A hooker, he first gained representative honours in 1968, playing for New South Wales and then Australia in the World Cup, and ended the year with Manly's grand final loss to Souths. In 1970, Jones suffered another grand final defeat before captaining the club to their first premiership title. He was a try scorer in the club's 19-14 grand final win over Easts in 1972 and was named in Australia's World Cup squad that went to France at the end of the year. After a four-year absence, Jones played in all three interstate matches in 1973 and finished a memorable year by leading Manly to victory over Cronulla in the grand final. His final season with Manly was in 1975. He retired with the club's all-time record for most first-grade games.

</doc>
<doc id="19373133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373133" title="James Waterhouse">
James Waterhouse

James Waterhouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19373135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373135" title="Catascopia">
Catascopia

Catascopia is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Lymnaeidae, the pond snails.
Species.
The genus "Catascopia" includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19373138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373138" title="Poslednja mladost u Jugoslaviji">
Poslednja mladost u Jugoslaviji

Poslednja mladost u Jugoslaviji is the first solo album by former Idoli members Nebojša Krstić and Srđan Šaper. For the occasion, the two formed a backing band Unutrašnja Imperija.
History.
After Idoli split up, the first solo release by any Idoli member was "Poslednja mladost u Jugoslaviji" by Krstić & Šaper. The two started writing and recording new material in 1986 and the album came out in 1987 through Jugoton. The two also formed a backing band, Unutrašnja Imperija featuring Dragomir Mihajlović "Gagi" (guitar), Branko Isaković (bass) and Dragoljub Đuričić (drums). The material and album production was done by Krstić & Šaper themselves with the help of Branko Isaković and Srđan Gojković.

</doc>
<doc id="19373146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373146" title="Cătălin Doman">
Cătălin Doman

Cătălin Petre Doman born (30 January 1988 in Drobeta-Turnu Severin). He is a Romanian professional footballer, who currently plays for Rapid Bucuresti.
Club career.
He played in Argeș Pitești youth team. In 2006 he was promoted to the first team,where he played only 3 games, then he moved to Romanian team Dacia Mioveni where he played 14 games and scored 1 goal. In 2007 he moved back to FC Argeș Pitești where he played 67 games and scored 6 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19373149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373149" title="Aqeel Ahmed">
Aqeel Ahmed

Aqeel Ahmed (born 14 July 1987, London, United Kingdom), also known by his birthname Mohammed Aqeel Ahmed or M Aqeel Ahmed, is an award-winning British film writer and director, as well as founder of his own creative, film & video production company, Ahmco. He is known for his comic short films and animations, usually highlighting social problems and situations. His student short film, Alienated (2008), a visual-effects film about an alien trying to be accepted on Earth, was shortlisted for the Virgin Media Shorts Festival 2008, and is up for awards.
Shattered Pieces.
In 2009, Ahmed completed a 15 minute short film entitled Shattered Pieces, about a man waking up to find London destroyed. It was shown in film festivals domestically as well as internationally. 
In 2010, he uploaded a remastered version of the film (with new colour grading and visual effects) to the popular video sharing site, YouTube
Ahmco and upcoming projects.
In September 2011, Ahmed announced on Twitter that he was planning to set up a new production company called Ahmco. Later, a Twitter account and Facebook page emerged, revealing that the company will offer creative services with, the not surprising, speciality in film and video. Ahmco will also serve as a film production company, producing Ahmed's future film projects. The first announced "in-house" production is currently titled AndiRoid.

</doc>
<doc id="19373177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373177" title="Serapion of Algiers">
Serapion of Algiers

Saint Serapion of Algiers (1179 – November 14, 1240) was a Mercedarian friar who is venerated as a martyr by the Catholic Church, and as a proto-martyr by the Mercedarian Order. According to tradition, he was born either in Ireland or England
and served in the armies of Richard the Lion-Heart and Leopold VI during the Crusades.
He then participated in the Reconquista, serving in the army of Alfonso VIII.
He met St. Peter Nolasco and became a Mercedarian in 1222.
The Mercedarians’ goal was to free Christian captives held by Muslim states, and Serapion offered himself as a hostage at Algiers in exchange for some Christian captives. When the ransom money did not arrive in time (or because he refused to stop preaching Christianity), Serapion was killed. According to Christian tradition, he was nailed on an X-shaped cross and was dismembered. Spanish Baroque artist Francisco Zurbarán depicts Serapion in his painting, The Martyrdom of Saint Serapion.

</doc>
<doc id="19373181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373181" title="HTMLayout">
HTMLayout

HTMLayout is an embeddable layout engine for HTML. Produced by Terra Informatica, it is given away free of charge (for both non-commercial and commercial use), but it is not free software and has some licence requirements.
The main purpose of HTMLayout is to support a so-called Web UI in desktop applications and yet to be embeddable.
History.
HTMLayout is a plain C wrapper of the h-smile layout engine used in other Terra Informatica projects, like Sciter and moSciter. It was first released on September 4th, 2003 and has been under permanent development since.
Design goals.
HTMLayout is unique among other layout engines by its design goal - a completely embeddable HTML/CSS engine. "Embeddability" of the engine implies following:
Standards compliance.
HTMLayout supports a dialect of HTML. It has some problems with rendering certain non-compliant HTML markup (such as LI tags outside of lists), which could be seen as a negative, albeit minor. Its purpose is not to be a full-featured web browser, but to be a small embeddable engine, which it does adequately. This means:
Platforms.
HTMLayout is presently available for Windows NT/XP/Vista, including 64-bit variants, and also Windows CE and Windows Mobile. Linux support is planned, but not yet available.
SDKs and bindings.
Terra Informatica officially supports a C SDK with a reference C++ wrapper implementation. SDK contains examples of MFC and WTL host applications, examples of HTML markups, and brief documentation.
Third-party bindings include
Also, there is the third-party HTMLayoutSpy tool available for the Windows x86 platform. This tool does the same job as the well-known Microsoft Spy++, but for HTMLayout windows.
Support.
Free support includes forums, both English and Russian. For large-scale development, the company offers support contracts for a fee (per developer). A competent programmer can most likely manage with the accompanying documentation, which is sufficient to most tasks.

</doc>
<doc id="19373190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373190" title="Jean-François Marceau">
Jean-François Marceau

Jean-François Marceau (born September 26, 1976) is a male judoka from Canada, who won the gold medal at the 2004 US Judo Open in the men's 81 kg division. He beat Shintaro Kakuchi of Japan in the final. 
He is the executive director of Judo Québec.
Among his titles:
- 5 times Canadian senior champion
- 2 times Canadian juvenile champion
- 1 time Canadian junior champion
- 2004 U.S. Open champion - 81 kg. gold
- 2003 Pan American Games - 73 kg- bronze
- 2002 Commonwealth Games - 73 kg- bronze
He has also won medals at other competitions including Rendez-vous Canada, Les Jeux de la Francophonie and the Swedish Open.

</doc>
<doc id="19373209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373209" title="1997 AFL Rising Star">
1997 AFL Rising Star

The AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a standout young player in the Australian Football League. The award is also known as the Norwich Rising Star due to sponsorship reasons. The 1997 medal was won by Port Adelaide Power player Michael Wilson.
Eligibility and Nominations.
Every round, an Australian Football League rising star nomination is given to a standout young player. To be eligible for the award, a player must be under 21 on January 1 of that year, have played 10 or fewer senior games and not been suspended during the season. At the end of the year, one of the 22 nominees is the winner of award.

</doc>
<doc id="19373233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373233" title="Canton of Doudeville">
Canton of Doudeville

The Canton of Doudeville is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A farmland area in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Doudeville. The altitude varies from 75m (Hautot-Saint-Sulpice) to 167m (Amfreville-les-Champs) with an average altitude of 135m.
Composition.
The Canton of Doudeville comprises 17 communes and a total of 7,380 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19373276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373276" title="201 Poplar">
201 Poplar

201 Poplar Avenue is the street address for the Shelby County Criminal Justice Complex jail in Memphis, Tennessee. It is alluded to in many rap songs by artists hailing from Memphis.
The Complex houses several courts, including General Sessions Criminal Courts, most located on the lower level of the building, felony courts on the upper levels, Police and Sheriff's offices, the District Attorney General's office, as well as the Office of the Public Defender. The jail complex at 225 and 271 Poplar is attached to the building.
Incomplete list of songs which mention 201 Poplar:

</doc>
<doc id="19373291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373291" title="Visual Docking Guidance System">
Visual Docking Guidance System

A stand guidance system is a system which gives information to a pilot attempting to park an aircraft at an airport stand, usually via visual methods, leading to the term Visual Docking Guidance System (VDGS) and also "A-VDGS" (the A standing for advanced) This allows them to remain clear of obstructions and ensures that jetways can reach the aircraft.
AGNIS VDGS.
Azimuth Guidance for Nose-In Stand is one of the most popular forms of stand guidance. It consists of two coloured lights mounted side by side. 
If the pilot is on the stand centreline they will see two green lights. If they are off centreline, one of the lights will appear red and the pilot then steers towards the green one. AGNIS alone provides only azimuth guidance, it does not inform pilots when they should stop. It is relatively imprecise but cheap to implement and reliable.
PAPA.
The Parallax Aircraft Parking Aid is frequently combined with an AGNIS system, informing flight crews when to stop. The device features no electronics or moving parts; it consists simply of a large grey box (usually with one or more sides missing) with a large rectangular slot cut into the front. 
Inside the box, towards the rear, is a white stick or fluorescent tube, which appears to move from one side of the slot to the other as the viewer moves closer, although it is in fact fixed and the effect is merely due to perspective (see parallax). Above and/or below this slot will be markings in white or yellow, indicating where different types of plane should stop. 
As this system relies on the position of the viewer, it will not give accurate distance information to aircraft which have deviated significantly from the stand centreline.
Stop light.
This is a simple two phase traffic light with red and green lights, mounted to the side of the AGNIS lights. Typically these are round and mounted vertically, in order to avoid confusion to AGNIS lights which are also red and green but mounted side by side and usually square.
Mirror.
Used in combination with AGNIS at stands which can only accept smaller airliners, it features one or two mirrors, allowing the flightcrew to see ground markings in relation to their nose wheel, when it is within the area they need to stop. Typically two mirrors are used, angled differently to suit the various heights of cockpits from the ground.
A-VDGS.
Advanced Visual Docking Guidance Systems feature electronic displays which perform the functions of an AGNIS/PAPA installation, although with much greater accuracy. They may also provide collision avoidance from static objects.
A-VDGS systems will usually have emergency stop buttons located both on the stand and in the jetway/gate area, which causes the stop indication to appear immediately.
Honeywell.
Honeywell Advanced Visual Docking Guidance is a non-contact based guidance technology solution. Using video technology, a dynamic-range video sensor detects incoming aircraft with its high-capacity image processing unit, which is compared to the system’s comprehensive 3D aircraft model database. The docking controller then converts the processed data into precise guidance information and displays it on
the Pilot Display Unit (PDU), so pilots can dock the aircraft safely into the gate. All A-VDGS units installed can be controlled and monitored by a central computer, which processes the individual docking positions and communicates to other airport systems. Additionally, video cameras provide situational awareness capability and allow recording, archiving and playback of docking sequences on the apron.
Honeywell’s A-VDGS is fully compliant with International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) requirements, ICAO annex 14 sections 5.3.24 and 5.3.25 Edition July 2009, and Aerodrome Design Manual Document (Doc 9157-AN/901), Part 4, Visual Aids.
High Definition Range CMOS (HDRC) sensor provides for flawless and non-contact based aircraft detection with one Camera setting for operation in rainy, foggy, snowy, or extremely sunny weather conditions. With High dynamic range (170dB), wide horizontal field view and resolution (768x496 pixels) and logarithmic compression per pixel captures MAximum ImaGe Information Contents (MAGIC). Software based calibration makes the commissioning of the system very easy, simple and faster, all in less than 30 minutes. 
FMT.
The Aircraft Positioning and Information System (APIS++), by FMT, relies on a proven, robust and very precise guidance systems. The left side of the unit displays Azimuth guidance; providing the pilot with vital information when as far as 200 meters from the stand and while the aircraft is still perpendicular to the stand centreline. The right side of the unit gives the pilot precise information concerning closing rate as well as instructions when to stop. 
This near maintenance-free Azimuth technology, based on the Moiré Pattern, works independently of the laser that calculates distance to stop and is unaffected by weather conditions.
The laser, which has a pulse frequency of 9.6 kHz and a resolution of 1 cm, ensures that the pilot can stop in the exact stopping position. The System has an open interface, which allows it to be connected with the passenger boarding bridge, apron management system or other airport systems via TCP/IP or Ethernet connections. APIS, considered by many to be the most reliable visual guidance docking system, can be equipped with a back-up traffic light system. 
Safegate.
Safegate is the most popular stand guidance systems after AGNIS and is seen at major airports throughout the world, making it the most popular A-VDGS.
The green lights on the left and right of the display will begin to appear, from bottom to top, as the aircraft gets closer to the stop line. The green centreline on the display moves smoothly left and right to accurately indicate how away from the centreline an aircraft is.
Safedock.
Safedock by Safegate, allows aircraft to park up to an accuracy of 10 cm using invisible infrared lasers to attain the aircraft's position and type for easier docking. It comes in a variety of models; the T1, the T2 and the T3. Red and yellow arrows indicate in which direction the pilot needs to manoeuvre to be on the centreline. Each model has an S variant (e.g. T1S), which also indicates the position of the aircraft relative to the centreline. In either variant, a central yellow column disappears from bottom to top as the aircraft approaches the stop point.
Marshaller.
Marshallers use a variety of arm signals to indicate where aircraft are in relation to both the stop line and the centreline. Signals used by marshallers can vary between countries and services (for example, some may be specific to aircraft carriers).

</doc>
<doc id="19373292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373292" title="Tagoloan River">
Tagoloan River

Tagoloan River is the 13th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size, as classified by the National Water Resources Board. It has an estimated drainage area of 1,704 square kilometers covering the provinces of Bukidnon and Misamis Oriental. It has a length of 106 kilometers from its source in Malaybalay City, Bukidnon province.

</doc>
<doc id="19373302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373302" title="Christina Applegate">
Christina Applegate

Christina Applegate (born November 25, 1971) is an American film, television and stage actress who gained fame as a child actor, playing the role of Kelly Bundy on the Fox sitcom "Married... with Children" for the series' duration, from 1987 to 1997. In her adult years, Applegate established a film and television career, winning an Emmy and earning Tony and Golden Globe nominations.
She has had major roles in several films, including "Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead" (1991), "The Big Hit" (1998), "The Sweetest Thing" (2002), "Grand Theft Parsons" (2003), ' (2004) and ' (2013), "Farce of the Penguins" (2007), "" (2009) and "Hall Pass" (2011). She has also starred in numerous Broadway theatre productions such as the 2005 revival of the musical "Sweet Charity". She also played the lead role in the sitcoms "Jesse" (1998–2000) and "Samantha Who?" (2007–09) and starred in the NBC comedy "Up All Night" (2011–12) before leaving over the creative direction of the series, which was canceled shortly afterward.
Biography.
1971–1986: Early life and projects.
Applegate was born in Hollywood, California. Her father, Robert William "Bob" Applegate, was a record producer and record company executive, and her mother, Nancy Lee Priddy, a singer and actress. Her parents separated shortly after her birth. She has two half-siblings (Alisa and Kyle) from her father's remarriage. Following her parents' divorce, her mother had a relationship with musician Stephen Stills.
Applegate made her TV debut with her mother in the soap opera "Days of Our Lives" and a commercial for Playtex baby bottles at three and five months respectively. Her first big screen appearance followed at age 7 when she was seen in the 1979 film, "Jaws of Satan" (a.k.a. King Cobra), followed by 1981's "Beatlemania." She debuted in a television movie as young Grace Kelly in the biopic, "Grace Kelly" (1983) and appeared in her first TV series in Showtime's political comedy, "Washingtoon" (1985), in which she played a Congressman's daughter. She was also spotted as a guest in the shows, "Father Murphy" (1981), "Charles in Charge" (1984 and 1985), and "Silver Spoons" (1986).
In 1986, Applegate won the role of Robin Kennedy (1986–87), a policeman's daughter, in the police drama series "Heart of the City". Meanwhile, she was also seen guest starring in the sitcoms "All is Forgiven", "Still the Beaver", "Amazing Stories", and "Family Ties" episode "Band on the Run" (1987) as Kitten.
1987–2001: "Married… with Children".
In 1987, Applegate began portraying the memorable role of the ditzy, sexually promiscuous daughter, Kelly Bundy, on the Fox Network's first sitcom, "Married... with Children". She portrayed her character for 11 years (1987–97). While working on the series, Applegate was seen in "Dance 'til Dawn" (1988, NBC) and in "Streets" (1990), in which a teenage drug addict is stalked by a psychotic police officer. Applegate guest-starred in "21 Jump Street" (1988) and "Top of the Heap" (1991, as Kelly Bundy), and hosted "Saturday Night Live" (May 8, 1993, and October 13, 2012) and "MADtv" (1996).
The character of Sue Ellen Crandell in the black comedy feature "Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead" (1991) was Applegate's first starring role in a mainstream film, playing a rebellious teenager who is forced to take care of siblings after their summer babysitter dies. Applegate followed with roles in films such as "Vibrations" (1995), "Across the Moon" (1995), "Wild Bill" (1995), Tim Burton's "Mars Attacks!" (1996), and Gregg Araki's "Nowhere" (1997). After the sitcom "Married... with Children" was canceled in May 1997, Applegate starred as Claudine Van Doozen in the independent feature "Claudine's Return" (a.k.a. "Kiss of Fire"), was cast in the action-comedy "The Big Hit", and played the fiancée of a mob descendant in the Mafia satire "Jane Austen's Mafia" (1998).
Applegate was one of the founding members of the Pussycat Dolls, which debuted at Johnny Depp's Viper Room on the Sunset Strip in 1995. Applegate emceed for the group when they moved to The Roxy in 2002.
In 1998, Applegate was given the title role in the NBC sitcom "Jesse". The series debuted in 1998, received rave reviews, and brought Applegate a People's Choice Award for Favorite Female Performer in a New TV series and the TV Guide Award for Star of a New Series as well as a nomination at the Golden Globe Awards for Lead Actress in a Comedy. Though the series gained critical praise, it was canceled in 2000.
2002–present: "Anchorman", stage, and television.
The new millennium saw Applegate playing the dual role of a 12th-century noblewoman, Princess Rosalind, and her 21st-century descendant, Julia Malfete, in the time-travel comedy "Just Visiting" (2001). After gaining wide notice for playing Cameron Diaz's level-headed best friend, Courtney Rockcliffe, in "The Sweetest Thing" (2002), Applegate continued to play roles in such films as "Heroes" (2002), and the romantic airplane comedy "View from the Top" (2003), as well as in the true crime film "Wonderland" (2003), based on the Wonderland murders, and the Gram Parsons biopic "Grand Theft Parsons" (2003). In 2004, Applegate starred alongside Ben Affleck in the holiday comedy "Surviving Christmas", and alongside Matt Dillon in "Employee of the Month". Behind the screen, she was the executive producer of "Comforters, Miserable" (2001).
Applegate guest-starred on two episodes of "Friends", in the ninth (2002) and tenth (2003) seasons, titled "The One with Rachel's Other Sister" and "The One Where Rachel's Sister Babysits" as Amy Green, Rachel Green's (Jennifer Aniston) sister. She won the Primetime Emmy Award for Best Guest Actress in a Comedy for her performance in "The One with Rachel's Other Sister". On the silver screen, she portrayed TV anchorwoman Veronica Corningstone in the 2004 films ' and the bonus film ' (an alternative film comprising alternate takes and deleted scenes and story elements).
In addition to her screen work, Applegate has performed on stage in such productions as "The Axeman's Jazz", "Nobody Leaves Empty Handed", and "The Runthrough", as well as John Cassavetes' "The Third Day" (co-starring Gena Rowlands). In 2004, she debuted on the Broadway stage playing the title role of Charity Hope Valentine in a revival of the 1966 musical "Sweet Charity". In late April 2005, she also took part in the annual Broadway Cares’ Easter Bonnet Competition, being sawed in half by a magician in their Clearly Impossible sawing illusion. "Sweet Charity" ended its Broadway run on December 31, 2005. Applegate eventually took home the 2005 Theatre World Award and was nominated for a 2005 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical.
While appearing in "Sweet Charity", Applegate broke her foot, and it was announced that the musical would close during previews. She persuaded the producers to rescind their decision and on April 18, 2005, she made her Broadway debut. Because of her injury, Applegate had to wear special shoes to prevent another incident, and in a 2013 interview said that because of what happened she "actually can't dance anymore. And that is sad for me because I always wanted to go back. But I probably won't be able to." She does dance whenever the opportunity presents, but cannot do any more strenuous roles.
In 2006, Applegate appeared in Jessica Simpson's music video "A Public Affair" alongside Eva Longoria, Ryan Seacrest, and Christina Milian.
Applegate starred in the ABC comedy "Samantha Who?" from October 15, 2007, until it was canceled on May 18, 2009. The series costarred Jean Smart, Jennifer Esposito, and Melissa McCarthy. The series was about a 30-year-old who, after a hit-and-run accident, develops amnesia and has to rediscover her life, her relationships and herself. Shortly after the cancellation was announced, Applegate began a campaign to get the show back into production, which was unsuccessful.
Applegate topped the list of People Magazine's "Most Beautiful People" in 2009.
Applegate appeared with her TV brother David Faustino (Bud Bundy from "Married with Children") in an episode of Faustino's show "Star-ving".
In January 2009, Applegate appeared in the film "Everything Is Going to Be Just Fine", which recounted the life of actress Elizabeth Montgomery of television's "Bewitched" fame, who died of colorectal cancer in 1995.
She also lent her voice to the character Catherine the Cat in the 3-D talking animal sequel '. According to Applegate, she said it was her mother that wanted her to be involved in the film. Prior to "Cats & Dogs 2", she voiced Brittany (one of the Chipettes) in ' (2009) and "" (2011).
Applegate starred in the NBC sitcom "Up All Night" which debuted on September 14, 2011. The show co-starred Maya Rudolph and Will Arnett. On February 8, 2013, Applegate left the series after its second season hiatus which was leading into a planned format change.
On July 31, 2013, Applegate was featured on the second episode of the fourth season of the revived American version of TLC's, "Who Do You Think You Are?" The broadcast centered around Applegate trying to find out for her father, Robert Applegate, about his mother, Lavina Applegate Walton, who was mysteriously absent for most of her son's life and who died early in his life. Christina Applegate also hoped to find out if the hearsay concerning her grandmother's tragic death was true. The actress traveled from her home in Hollywood, California, to Trenton, New Jersey, for her search.
Personal life.
On October 20, 2001, Applegate married actor Johnathon Schaech in Palm Springs, California. Schaech filed for divorce in December 2005, citing irreconcilable differences, and the divorce was finalized in August 2007.
Applegate subsequently began dating Lee Grivas, whom she met through a co-star of the Broadway production of "Sweet Charity"; he later died in the summer of 2008. In 2009, she began dating musician Martyn LeNoble. They became engaged on Valentine's Day 2010, and wed on February 23, 2013, at their Los Angeles home. It is the second marriage for both. They have one daughter, Sadie Grace, born in January 2011.
Applegate is a vegetarian, and in 2007, appeared in an anti-fur ad for PETA.
Breast cancer.
On August 3, 2008, "People" magazine reported that Applegate had been diagnosed with breast cancer. This was confirmed by her representative who said in a statement, "Christina Applegate was diagnosed with an early stage of breast cancer. Benefiting from early detection through a doctor-ordered MRI, the cancer is not life-threatening. Christina is following the recommended treatment of her doctors and will have a full recovery. No further statement will be issued at this time." On August 19, 2008, it was announced that Applegate was cancer free after a double mastectomy, even though cancer was found in only one breast. She has an inherited genetic trait, a BRCA1 mutation, which often triggers breast cancer. Her mother, Nancy Priddy, is a breast cancer survivor. Applegate said when she first was diagnosed, "I was just shaking and then also immediately, I had to go into 'take-care-of-business-mode' which included a change to a more healthy diet".
Philanthropy.
In 1992, Applegate joined other celebrities in a benefit show for a Hollywood children's charity, acting as a special guest assistant to a local magician and taking part in a number of illusions, including being sawn in half.
In 2003, she was the spokesperson for the Lee National Denim Day, which raises millions of dollars for breast cancer education and research. Following her diagnosis with breast cancer, Applegate appeared on a television special entitled "Stand Up to Cancer" designed to raise funds for breast cancer research. The one-hour special was broadcast on CBS, NBC, and ABC television networks on September 5, 2008.
In 2009, she announced her plans to return as the ambassador for Lee National Denim Day. Also in 2009, she founded Right Action for Women, a charitable foundation dedicated to breast cancer screening for women, and focused on the type of MRI scan which saved her life.
Applegate has also supported Entertainment Industry Foundation, Adopt-A-Classroom, The Motion Picture & Television Fund Foundation, World Society for the Protection of Animals, and The Trevor Project.

</doc>
<doc id="19373330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373330" title="Grade I listed modern buildings in England">
Grade I listed modern buildings in England

The following Grade I listed buildings in England were constructed after 1901:
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="19373341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373341" title="Charles Edmund Clutterbuck">
Charles Edmund Clutterbuck

Charles Clutterbuck (1806-1861) was a stained glass artist of Stratford, East London. He was originally a painter of miniatures and exhibited eight paintings at the Royal Academy. He began stained glass work in the 1840s. Examples of his work can be seen in many Churches in the South East of England. He has stained glass windows in two Buckinghamshire churches - two windows in St Mary's, Oakley and one in St Peter and Paul, Worminghall - as well as windows at Ely Cathedral and St Anne's Church, Limehouse.
Charles Edmund Clutterbuck Jnr. (1839-1883)
Son of the above and carried on his father's business until 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="19373347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373347" title="A Son of the Celestial">
A Son of the Celestial

A Son of the Celestial is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published on 15 January 1893 in The Hesperian.
Plot summary.
In San Francisco, Yung and Ponter share their penchant for both Sanskrit and opium. When Yung fails to understand "Hamlet" by William Shakespeare, Ponter blames the Chinese man for being heathen. As requested, after Yung's death, Ponter sends him back to China.

</doc>
<doc id="19373358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373358" title="Asahikawa Museum of Sculpture">
Asahikawa Museum of Sculpture

History.
Asahikawa Kaikōsha.
In 1896, the Tondenhei, the army engaged in farming and security in Hokkaidō prefecture, was formed, and the Imperial Japanese Army 7th Division was settled in Sapporo. The division transferred its operational area to Asahikawa between 1900 and 1902, and the Asahikawa Kaikōsha, the building for the army officer's clubhouse, which later serves as the museum, was completed in 1902. It was constructed by the Okuragumi, a construction company which currently is the Taisei Corporation. 
The building was constructed with the western style, and a gate and some barracks in which soldiers of the division dwelt were initially built around the Kaikōsha. Originally, the Kaikōsha was used as a hotel, guest house, and assembly hall for the army and division's officials, and Japanese crown prince Yoshihito and Hirohito, who became the Emperor of Japan in later life, has stayed at the building.
After Japan has lost in World War II, the Kaikōsha was used as the assembly hall of the American army. After the ownership of the Kaikōsha was moved from the government of Japan to the Asahikawa city in 1949, the building was temporarily used as the interim shoolhouse.
Use as the Museum.
In 1968, the building of the Kaikōsha was restored in order to use the building as the museum, and the Asahikawa Museum of Local History was opened. Renovated to its original exterior, the museum has displayed historical materials including records of the Ainu tribe. In September, 1993, the museum was moved to the newly established Asahikawa Taisetsu Crystal Hall, a complex building includes music hall, museum, and assembly hall, and renamed to the Asahikawa City Museum.
Due to its western design and historical architecture, the building of the Asahikawa Museum of Local History was designated as one of the Important Cultural Properties of Japan on May 19, 1989. As of 2008, it is the only building in Asahikawa city to be designated as an Important Cultural Property of Japan. On June 1, 1994, the building was renovated and used as the Asahikawa Museum of Sculpture in Honor of Teijiro Nakahara anew. Teijiro Nakahara is a modern sculptor born in Kushiro, Hokkaidō, lived in Asahikawa in his childhood, and the museum was named after him. The year 2002 marked 100 years since the building of the Asahikawa Kaikōsha was completed, and the 100th anniversary exhibition was held.
Overview.
The two-storied museum is timbered and western stractural building. The western style structure, which is also seen at the exterior of the Hōheikan in Sapporo, is characteristic architectural style in primitive Hokkaidō prefecture.
The museum mainly exhibits the records and existent twelve works of Teijiro Nakahara and Teijiro Nakahara Awarded sculpture works. Temporal exhibitions are also held including the exhibition of Bikky Sunazawa, a wood carving sculptor born in Asahikawa.
In addition to the exhibition of sculpture works, some events including concert and public lectures for children are also held. In each year, the presentation ceremony of the Teijiro Nakahara Award, which is given to the superior sculptors, is held on October 3, Nakahara's date of birth. The museum is located next to the Yasushi Inoue Memorial Museum and Shunkō Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19373371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373371" title="Woodend, Egremont, Cumbria">
Woodend, Egremont, Cumbria

Woodend is a village near Egremont, Cumbria, England. It formerly had a station on the Whitehaven, Cleator and Egremont Railway but the station closed in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19373373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373373" title="Lou Riley">
Lou Riley

Louis "Lou" Riley (born 7 September 1909, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s. 
Riley, a half forward flanker, spent two and a half years playing at Melbourne before crossing to Collingwood during the 1934 season. He kicked a career high 38 goals in 1935 and finished the year in a premiership team. Another premiership followed in 1936 and he remained at Collingwood for a further two seasons before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="19373383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373383" title="Woodend, Cumbria">
Woodend, Cumbria

Woodend, Cumbria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19373390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373390" title="Abra River">
Abra River

Abra River is the 6th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size. It has an estimated drainage area of 5,125 square kilometers and a length of 178 kilometers from its source in the vicinity of Mount Data in the Benguet province. 
Geography.
The Abra river originates from the southern section of Mount Data. It descends westward to Cervantes, Ilocos Sur and flows to the province of Abra. At a point near the municipality of Dolores, it is joined by the Tineg river, which originates from the uplands of Abra.

</doc>
<doc id="19373391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373391" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Carver County, Minnesota">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carver County, Minnesota

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Carver County, Minnesota. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Carver County, Minnesota, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 34 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Many structures are built of local Chaska brick, which has a distinctive cream color. A supplementary list includes three additional sites that were formerly listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19373397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373397" title="1979–80 DFB-Pokal">
1979–80 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1979–80 was the 37th season of the competition. It began on 24 August 1979 and ended on 4 June 1980. 128 teams competed in the tournament of seven rounds. In the final Fortuna Düsseldorf defeated FC Köln 2–1 to defend their title from the preceding season.

</doc>
<doc id="19373399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373399" title="Albanosmilus">
Albanosmilus

Albanosmilus is an extinct genus of the family Barbourofelidae.
It was previously thought to be constituents of the feliform Nimravidae family of false sabre-toothed cats. It was assigned to Barbourofelinae by Bryant (1991).
It lived during Middle and Upper Miocene in Europe, Asia, and North America. Albanosmilus was comparatively more bulky and muscular than today's large cats, such as the tiger, and probably resembled a bear-like lion. There is only one known specimen of this cat-like creature, Albanosmilus jordani.
Sister genera.
"Afrosmilus, Barbourofelis, Ginsburgsmilus, Prosansanosmilus, Sansanosmilus, Syrtosmilus, Vampyrictis. 

</doc>
<doc id="19373423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373423" title="Lynn Forester de Rothschild">
Lynn Forester de Rothschild

Lynn Forester, Lady de Rothschild (born Lynn Forester; July 2, 1954) is the chief executive officer of E.L. Rothschild, a holding company she owns with her third husband, Sir Evelyn Robert de Rothschild, a member of the Rothschild family. The company manages investments in The Economist Group, owner of "The Economist" magazine, Congressional Quarterly and the Economist Intelligence Unit, Weather Central, LP, the world's largest provider of weather software and data to the broadcast industry, as well as real estate, agricultural and food interests. By virtue of her marriage to a knight, she is known socially as "Lady de Rothschild".
Life and career.
Born in New Jersey, U.S., and raised in Oradell, New Jersey, she is the daughter of Annabelle (née Hewitt) and John Kenneth Forester, president and owner of the General Aviation Company, now Meridian in Teterboro, N.J., she is a Phi Beta Kappa magna cum laude graduate of Pomona College and an honors graduate of Columbia Law School. She also studied international law at the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva, Switzerland. From 1980-1984, she was an associate at the Simpson Thacher & Bartlett law firm.
Lynn Forester de Rothschild has stated that her first business success came at the age of 16 when she bought US made blue jeans and brought them to sell in Israel during her vacation there and sold them for up to ten times what they had originally cost her.
After meeting telecommunications billionaire John Kluge while doing legal work for him as a law firm associate, she became Executive Vice President for Development at Metromedia Inc from 1984-1989. 
From 1989 to 2002, Lynn Forester de Rothschild owned and operated various telecommunication companies worldwide that revolutionized the broadband and wireless industries. From 1989 to 1995, Lady de Rothschild was the majority shareholder, Chairman and CEO, of TPI Communications International, Inc., one of the largest providers of paging, wireless data and cellular telephone service in Latin America, owned with Motorola. While under her management, TPI tripled its size and per-customer revenues, and cash flow grew to three times the U.S. average. In addition, she expanded operations from Puerto Rico into Latin America. TPI was sold in a private transaction for an undisclosed sum in the mid-90s. 
In 1995, Lady de Rothschild pioneered the broadband wireless industry when she founded FirstMark Communications Inc, in the United States. In 1997, she sold her US interests in order to focus on international opportunities. In 1998, she founded FirstMark Communications of Europe, with the mission of building a pan-European broadband Internet company. Having secured licenses in Germany, France, Spain, Switzerland, Luxembourg and Finland and built a 20,000 klm fiber network in 15 countries, she sold the company in June 2000, in the largest private equity placement in the history of the European competitive telecommunications sector.Boasted on its Board of Directors Nathan Myhrvold of Microsoft, Washington D.C. power broker Vernon Jordan and Henry Kissinger. The company was sold in June 2000 in a $1 billion financing, the largest private equity placement in the history of the European competitive telecommunications sector. In discussing her personal business success between 1989 and 2000, Forester has said: "I think a lot of it is that I was lucky...most of all I learned that it's better to be lucky than to be smart."
Lady de Rothschild serves on the Board of Directors of Estée Lauder Companies, The Economist Group, Weather Central LLC and Christies International. Previously, she served on the Boards of Directors of Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation and General Instruments, Inc.
Personal life.
Forester's first marriage, to Alexander Hartley Platt, a doctor's son from New Jersey, took place at Brick Presbyterian Church on May 20, 1978.
Her second husband was Andrew Stein, a New York politician and son of a multi-millionaire businessman, Jerry Finkelstein. Stein is nine years older than Forester and was Manhattan Borough President at the time of their marriage. They wed on March 12, 1983, and had two children, Ben and Jake. They were divorced in 1993.
Lynn Forester de Rothschild was introduced to Sir Evelyn de Rothschild by Henry Kissinger at the 1998 Bilderberg Group conference in Scotland, and they married on November 30, 2000 in London, England, after Rothschild (almost 23 years older than Forester) had left his wife and three children. She is his third wife. On the announcement of the marriage, the de Rothschild couple were invited to spend their honeymoon at the White House.
The couple splits their time between New York and London. In response to a reporter's question about her wealth, Forester said, 
“Is that said about me? I hope not. I mean, I’m just who I am. I don’t think being rich is that important. I think not being boring is really important.”
Politics.
Lynn Forester de Rothschild was a major fund raiser for Hillary Rodham Clinton's 2008 Presidential bid and has received attention for endorsing John McCain for President. On June 22, 2011, she hosted a fundraiser for Jon Huntsman, Jr.'s presidential campaign.
From 1993–1995, she served on President Bill Clinton's National Information Infrastructure Advisory Council. From 1998-2000, Lynn Forester de Rothschild served on the US Secretary of Energy’s Advisory Committee.
Lynn Forester de Rothschild is actively involved in policy issues and social issues, including micro-finance and women's rights. the philanthropic sector. In 2006, she was appointed as a member of the UN Advisors Group on Inclusive Financial Services. She serves as Chairman of the Board for the American Patrons of the Tate Gallery, FAI (and the International Advisory Board of Columbia University School of Law. In addition, she serves as a Trustee of the ERANDA Foundation (a Rothschild family foundation), the [http://www.outwardbound.org.uk/ Outward Bound Trust, the Alfred Herrhausen Society of International Dialogue of Deutsche Bank and the Global Commercial Microfinance Consortium Advisory Board of Deutsche Bank. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations (USA), Chatham House (UK), the Institute for Strategic Studies (UK), the International Advisory Council of Asia House (UK), the Foreign Policy Association (USA), and Co-Chair of the Henry Jackson Initiative's report 'Towards a More Inclusive Capitalism'.

</doc>
<doc id="19373426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373426" title="Sundberg Guitars">
Sundberg Guitars

Sundberg Guitars is a Swedish company that produces handmade high-quality acoustic guitars. All instruments are available with a wide range of different options and custom details. An instrument built by Sundberg takes about 60 to 100 hours to complete, and so far about 75 have been built.
Models.
S-T Sundberg's tenor guitar.
S-J Based on the 1930s Gibson's Advanced jumbo.
S-D Based on the Martin dreadnought from the 1930s.
S-00 Sundberg's version of the 1920s Gibson L-00.
S-OM Sundberg's orchestra guitar.
S-000-12 A twelve-string version of the S-00.
S-J2 A version of Gibson's J200 from the 1930s.
S-7 Seven-string model available as S-J, S-D and S-OM models.

</doc>
<doc id="19373435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373435" title="International Studies Quarterly">
International Studies Quarterly

International Studies Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of international studies and the official journal of the International Studies Association. It was established in 1959 and is published on behalf of the association by Wiley-Blackwell. The editor-in-chief is Daniel Nexon (Georgetown University). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.391.

</doc>
<doc id="19373437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373437" title="Cambridge Songs">
Cambridge Songs

The Cambridge Songs ("Carmina Cantabrigiensia") are a collection of Goliardic medieval Latin poems found on ten leaves (ff. 432–41) of the "Codex Cantabrigiensis" ("C", MS Gg. 5.35), now at the Cambridge University Library. The songs as they survive are copies made shortly before or after the Norman Conquest (1066). They may have been collected by an English scholar while travelling on the continent sometime after the last datable song (1039), and brought back with him to the church of Saint Augustine at Canterbury, where they were copied and where the "Codex" was long kept. The original manuscript was possibly lost in a fire that struck Saint Augustine's in 1168. The dialect of the few vernacular portions found in some of the songs is in the North Rheno-Franconian dialect of Old High German, suggesting that the Goliard(s) who composed them came from the north or middle Rhineland, probably the area between Trier, Cologne, and Xanten. It has been suggested that some of the songs originated in France or Italy. While most of the Cambridge Songs survive only in the Cambridge manuscript, a few are duplicated in a manuscript, "W", from Wolfenbüttel. 
The Cambridge Songs were long thought to be forty-nine in number, but a missing folio that contained twenty-seven more was discovered in Frankfurt and returned to the University Library in 1982. All these songs were copied in the same hand. Seven songs in a different hand, but occurring in the same "Codex" (after the first forty-nine) have since been identified as probably part of the collection. The total number of Cambridge Songs is now considered to be eighty-three. Some of the verses are neumed and it is assumed that the entire collection was to be sung. Four of the original forty-nine are called "modi" (melodies, namely sequences). The purpose of the collection has also eluded scholars. It was probably either a book of instruction on Latin verse, a songbook for wandering minstrels (the "clerici vagabundi": vagabond clerics), or an anthology for private enjoyment. 
List of songs.
All the songs in the Cambridge codex (ff.432–44) are sometimes catalogued as "Lyrics in honour of the emperors of Germany in the first half of the XIth century". Those songs from "Nenia de mortuo Heinrico II imperatore" to "Gratulatio regine a morbo recreate" directly praise the rulers of the Salian dynasty. 

</doc>
<doc id="19373452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373452" title="A Tale of the White Pyramid">
A Tale of the White Pyramid

A Tale of the White Pyramid is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published on 22 December 1892 in The Hesperian.
Plot summary.
Kakau tells about the death of Senefrau the First: his body was sealed into a sarcophagus. As a result, Kufu, the new King, is to have another pyramid built.

</doc>
<doc id="19373469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373469" title="Nebojša Novaković">
Nebojša Novaković

Nebojša Novaković (, born 29 October 1964 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian-born Swedish former football player of Serbian ethnicity. He is currently assistant manager in AIK.
Biography.
He was born 29 October 1964, in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia to Bosnian Serb parents. He started his youth career at FK Bratstvo Vojkovići. He supported Red Star Belgrade as a youngster. He moved from Sarajevo during the war in 1991 to Solna, a suburb of Stockholm. He is nicknamed "Nešo" and "Nebo".
Playing career.
In AIK, he made 104 league appearances, scored 27 goals, won Allsvenskan in 1998 and played in the Champions League's 1999-2000 season. during which he scored a memorable lob versus FC Barcelona.
Coaching career.
After his playing career he got the job as assistant manager in Väsby IK with Rikard Norling as manager. The club won the league two years in a row but didn't manage to win any of the promotion qualifications. After the 2003 season he returned to AIK to be assistant manager to Richard Money. Money later resigned from AIK and got replaced by Patrick Englund, who got sacked after the 2004 season. Novakovic followed AIK and the new manager Rikard Norling to Superettan in 2005 due to their regulation. AIK won Superettan and reached for second place in Allsvenskan 2006. In 2008 the club got the fifth place and were a disappointment to many supporters. Rikard Norling got sacked and Novakovic resigned because of it. A few months later Novakovic and AIK negotiated to get him a new role in the club but outside the training staff, but they didn't get an agreement. Novakovic said that he's a coach and will continue his career as one. 
On January 10, 2009 he became assistant manager to Patrick Walker in the Norwegian Tippeligaen club Sandefjord Fotball.
On December 16, 2010 he returned to AIK and signed a 3-year contract with the club as assistant manager together with the new manager Andreas Alm.
Family.
He is married to Gordana, with whom he has a son, Dejan (born 1990) and daughter, Daniella (born 1996). Daniella is also a footballer in AIK's youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19373474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373474" title="KVOL">
KVOL

KVOL (1330 AM) is a radio station licensed to Lafayette, Louisiana, USA. It serves the Acadiana area. KVOL was the first radio station in Lafayette when they signed on-air on May 18, 1935. It is owned and operated by Pittman Broadcasting Services, L.L.C.
Programming.
KVOL was an affiliate to several nationally syndicated talk shows including Glenn Beck, Neal Boortz, Michael Savage, Dr. Laura, Rusty Humphries, and Phil Hendrie.
KVOL is also home to several unique music programs including Memory Time, 20th Century Pop and the Soundtrack Matinee.

</doc>
<doc id="19373482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373482" title="Canton of Duclair">
Canton of Duclair

The Canton of Duclair is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farmland, forestry, quarrying and light industry in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Duclair. The altitude varies from 0m (Jumièges) to 134m (Saint-Martin-de-Boscherville) with an average altitude of 57m.
Composition.
The Canton of Duclair comprises 17 communes and a total of 24,402 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19373484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373484" title="Customised buses">
Customised buses

Customised buses are buses that have been modified for decorative purposes. The customisation is unrelated to performing their job or work, usually as public transport buses. Customised buses are also sometimes not used for a job or work, and are decorated as personal projects for exhibition, although this is rare compared to other types of art vehicle such as cars, bikes and customised trucks.
Customisation detail.
The customisation usually involves:
Incidences of customisation.
Pakistan has a long tradition of highly customising buses (and trucks). The Chiva Buses of Colombia are hand-built on truck chassis, used as both public transport and for private hire for parties, including as a novelty attraction in New York City. The jeep derived Jeepney share taxis of the Philippines have grown in capacity to the size of minibuses and are still being built by small scale manufacturers, although are facing calls for their reduction in number and competition with regular public transport. The Colectivo (urban bus) of Argentina, particularly Buenos Aires were historically highly customised, dating back to the 1920s. The practice of customisation continued until the adoption of more modern public transport buses which saw the practice fade out. Historic customised Colectivos are now prized museum exhibits, or have been restored as private vehicles. The island of Malta has had a long tradition of customising their buses used for public transport, due to the variety of models imported, and the small nature of garage facilities. The customisation in Malta is understated compared to other countries. In the 2000s a drive was initiated to update the fleet with more modern buses, but historic examples remain, and the tradition of customisation has continued for the modern models.
Other types of customised buses.
Advert buses, party buses, sleeper buses and tour buses are all types of buses that may feature a degree of decorative customisation as part of their primary function, and not just for personalisation.

</doc>
<doc id="19373486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373486" title="Vanessa L. Williams">
Vanessa L. Williams

Vanessa Lynn Williams (born March 18, 1963), known professionally as Vanessa L. Williams or Vanessa Williams, is an American singer, actress, producer and former fashion model. In 1983, she became the first African-American woman crowned Miss America, but a scandal arose when "Penthouse" magazine bought and published nude photographs of her. She relinquished her title early and was succeeded by the first runner-up, Suzette Charles of New Jersey. Williams rebounded by launching a career as an entertainer, earning multiple Grammy, Emmy, and Tony Award nominations. She is arguably the most successful Miss America winner in the field of entertainment.
Williams released her debut album "The Right Stuff" in 1988, which spawned the hits "The Right Stuff", a No. 1 on Hot Dance Songs, and "Dreamin'" a No. 1 on R&B and No. 8 on "Billboard" Hot 100. Her second studio album "The Comfort Zone" in 1991 topped the "Billboard" R&B Album Chart, which spawned the "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one hit "Save the Best for Last". In 1994 she debuted on Broadway in the musical "Kiss of the Spider Woman". In 1995 she recorded "Colors of the Wind", the Oscar-winner for Best Original Song from the Disney animated feature film "Pocahontas", which reached No. 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Williams's first major film role was as the female lead in the film "Eraser" in 1996. She also starred in the movies "Soul Food", "Dance with Me", "The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland", "Shaft" and "Johnson Family Vacation". From 2006 to 2010, she played the role of the scheming, self-absorbed diva and former supermodel Wilhelmina Slater in the ABC comedy series "Ugly Betty", for which she received three Emmy Awards nominations. In 2009, Williams released her eighth studio album, "The Real Thing". From 2010 to 2012, she starred in "Desperate Housewives" as spoiled rich woman Renee Perry. She starred in the supernatural drama series "666 Park Avenue" in 2012.
Early life.
Williams was born in Millwood, New York, the daughter of music teachers Helen L. ("née" Tinch) and Milton Augustine Williams, Jr. A DNA test revealed that her ancestry is 23% from Ghana, 17% from the British Isles, 15% from Cameroon, 12% Finnish, 11% Southern European, 7% Togo, 6% Benin, 5% Senegal and 4% Portuguese. Williams and her younger brother Chris, who is also an actor, grew up in Millwood, a predominantly white middle-class suburban area of New York City. Prophetically, her parents put on her birth announcement: "Here she is: Miss America."
Education.
Williams studied piano and French horn growing up, but was most interested in singing and songwriting. She graduated in 1981 from Horace Greeley High School in Chappaqua, New York, received a scholarship and attended Syracuse University as a Musical Theatre Arts major from 1981 to 1983. She interrupted her education at Syracuse during her sophomore year to fulfill her duties as Miss America, and subsequently left the university to focus on her entertainment career. Twenty-five years later, she graduated from Syracuse by earning her remaining college credits through her life experience. Williams delivered the convocation address on May 10, 2008, to 480 other students in the College of Visual and Performing Arts. She stated:
Pageants and Miss America title.
Williams competed in the Miss Syracuse (University) beauty pageant when a campus musical she was in was canceled in 1983. After winning the Miss Syracuse title, Williams won the Miss New York crown in 1983, and went to compete for the Miss America title at the national pageant in Atlantic City. Prior to the final night of competition, Williams won both preliminary competitions (talent and swimsuit) earlier in the week. Each day's preliminary competitions have winners announced. Therefore, there can be as many as six "prelim" winners: three each for talent and swimsuit. To win a "prelim" in both is a strong precursor to success in the finals. She was crowned Miss America 1984 on September 17, 1983, becoming the first African-American to win the title.
Williams' reign as Miss America was not without its challenges and controversies. For the first time in pageant history, a reigning Miss America was the target of death threats and hate mail.
Ten months into her reign as Miss America, she received an anonymous phone call stating that nude photos of her taken before her pageant days had surfaced. Williams believed the photographs were private and had been destroyed; she claims she never signed a release permitting the photos to be used.
The black-and-white photos dated back to 1982 (the year before she won the Miss America Pageant), when she worked as an assistant and makeup artist for Mount Kisco, New York photographer Tom Chiapel. According to Williams, Chiapel advised her that he wanted to try a "new concept of silhouettes with two models". He photographed Williams and another woman in several nude poses.
Hugh Hefner, the publisher of "Playboy", was initially offered the photos, but turned them down. Later, Hefner would explain why in "People Weekly", "Vanessa Williams is a beautiful woman. There was never any question of our interest in the photos. But they clearly weren't authorized and because they would be the source of considerable embarrassment to her, we decided not to publish them. We were also mindful that she was the first black Miss America." Days later, Bob Guccione, the publisher of "Penthouse", announced that his magazine would publish the photos in their September 1984 15th anniversary issue, which was the same issue that featured nude photographs of Traci Lords, later found to have been only 15 years old at the time. The cover featured a photograph of a smiling Vanessa Williams with 88-year-old George Burns and the headline, "Miss America, Oh, God, She's Nude!" Guccione paid Chiapel for the rights to the photos without Williams' consent. According to the PBS documentary "Miss America", Williams' issue of "Penthouse" would ultimately bring Guccione a $14 million windfall.
After days of media frenzy and sponsors threatening to pull out of the upcoming 1985 pageant, Williams felt pressured by Miss America Pageant officials to resign, and did so in a press conference on July 23, 1984. The title subsequently went to the first runner-up, Suzette Charles, also an African American. On September 7, 1984, Williams filed a $500 million lawsuit against Chiapel and Guccione. She eventually dropped the suit a year later, explaining that she wanted to put the scandal behind her and move on.
Although she resigned from fulfilling the duties of a current Miss America, Williams was allowed to keep the bejeweled crown and scholarship money and is officially recognized by the Miss America Organization as "Miss America 1984"; Charles is recognized as "Miss America 1984-b".
Music career.
Williams released her debut album, "The Right Stuff" in 1988. The first single, "The Right Stuff", found success on the R&B chart, while the second single, "He's Got the Look", found similar success on the same chart. The third single, "Dreamin'", was a pop hit, becoming Williams' first top 10 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at No. 8, and her first number one single on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The album reached gold status in the U.S. and earned her three Grammy Award nominations, including one for Best New Artist.
Her second album "The Comfort Zone" became the biggest success in her music career. The lead single "Running Back to You" reached top twenty on the Hot 100, and the top position of Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart on October 5, 1991. Other singles included "The Comfort Zone" (#2 R&B), "Just for Tonight" (#26 Pop), a cover of The Isley Brothers' "Work to Do" (#3 R&B), and the club-only hit "Freedom Dance (Get Free!)." The most successful single from the album, as well as her biggest hit to date, is "Save the Best for Last". It reached No. 1 in the United States, where it remained for five weeks, as well as No. 1 in Australia, the Netherlands, and Canada, and was in the top 5 in Japan, Ireland and the United Kingdom. The album sold 2.2 million copies in the U.S. at its time of release and has since been certified triple platinum in the United States by the RIAA, gold in Canada by the CRIA, and platinum in the United Kingdom by the BPI. "The Comfort Zone" earned Williams five Grammy Award nominations.
"The Sweetest Days", her third album, was released in 1994 to highly-favorable reviews. The album saw Williams branch out and sample other styles of music that included jazz, hip hop, rock, and Latin-themed recordings such as "Betcha Never" and "You Can't Run", both written and produced by Babyface. Other singles from the album included the adult-contemporary and dance hit "The Way That You Love" and the title track "The Sweetest Days". The album was certified platinum in the U.S. by the RIAA and earned her two Grammy Award nominations.
Other releases include two Christmas albums, "Star Bright", released in 1996, and "Silver & Gold" in 2004; "Next" in 1997, and "Everlasting Love" in 2005, along with a greatest-hits compilation released in 1998, and a host of other compilations released over the years.
Notable chart performances from subsequent albums, motion picture and television soundtracks have included the songs "Love Is", which was a duet with Brian McKnight, the Golden Globe- and Academy Award-winning "Colors of the Wind", "Where Do We Go from Here?", and "Oh How the Years Go By". In total, Williams has sold more than six million records and has received 15 Grammy Award nominations.
In May 2009 she performed two concerts at the Tropicana Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City to sold out crowds.
On June 2, 2009, she released her eighth studio album on Concord Records titled "The Real Thing". It features songs written and/or produced by Babyface, Stevie Wonder, Bill Withers, Bebel Gilberto, and Rex Rideout. Williams described the album as "a hybrid of samba, bossa nova, some salsa and also some pop and R&B". The title song "The Real Thing", the fourth single released from the album, peaked at No. 6 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs chart.
Acting career.
Theatrical roles.
Williams broadened her ascendant music career into a theatrical role when she was cast in the Broadway production of "Kiss of the Spider Woman" in 1994. She was also featured in the Tony-nominated and Drama Desk Award nominated performance as the Witch in Stephen Sondheim's "Into the Woods" in a revival of the show in 2002, which included songs revised for her.
Other notable theatrical roles include her performances in "Carmen Jones" at the Kennedy Center, the off-Broadway productions of "One Man Band" and "Checkmates", and the New York City Center's Encores! Great American Musicals in Concert, "St. Louis Woman".
In 2010, Williams starred in a new Broadway musical revue entitled "Sondheim on Sondheim", a look at Stephen Sondheim through his music, film and videotaped interviews. "Sondheim" ran from March 19 to June 13 at Studio 54 in New York City.
As of April 26, 2013, Williams will be starring as Jessie Mae Watts in the Horton Foote play "The Trip to Bountiful". Based on the 1985 movie of the same name, this production is scheduled to run from April 26 to July 7, 2013, at the Stephen Sondheim Theatre in New York City.
Feature film roles.
Williams has appeared in several feature films. Her most prominent role was in the 1997 film "Soul Food", for which she won the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture. Williams appeared in the 1991 cult classic film "Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man". She also co-starred with Arnold Schwarzenegger in the movie "Eraser" and opposite Chayanne in "Dance with Me".
In 2007, Williams returned to the big screen starring in two independent motion pictures, the first being "My Brother", for which she won Best Actress honors at the Harlem International Film Festival, the African-American Women in Cinema Film Festival and at the Santa Barbara African Heritage Film Festival, and the second being "And Then Came Love". In 2009, she starred alongside Miley Cyrus in "".
Williams stars as Janice in the movie ""'.
Television.
Williams' first television appearance was on a 1984 episode of "The Love Boat", playing herself. She subsequently made guest appearances on a number of shows, including "T.J. Hooker", "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", "Saturday Night Live", "", "LateLine", "MADtv", "Ally McBeal" and "Boomtown".
Her appearances in television movies and miniseries include "Perry Mason: The Case of the Silenced Singer" and ' as Suzanne de Passe. In 1995, Williams starred as Rose Alvares in a television version of "Bye Bye Birdie", a Broadway musical from the 1950s. She played the nymph Calypso in the 1997 Hallmark Entertainment miniseries "The Odyssey", starring Armand Assante. She appeared as Ebony Scrooge the Ebenezer Scrooge character in an update of Charles Dickens' story "A Christmas Carol" called "A Diva's Christmas Carol". In 2001, Williams starred in the Lifetime cable movie about the life of Henriette DeLille, "The Courage to Love". In 2003, Williams read the narrative of Tempie Herndon Durham from the WPA slave narratives in the HBO documentary '. In early 2006 she starred in the short-lived UPN drama "South Beach".
In 2006, Williams received considerable media attention for her comic/villainess role as former model/magazine creative director turned editor-in-chief Wilhelmina Slater in the ABC comedy series "Ugly Betty". Her performance on the series resulted in a nomination for outstanding supporting actress at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards. She also provides the voice for the main character in the PBS Kids version of "Mama Mirabelle's Home Movies". In 2008 and 2009, she was again nominated for outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series for "Ugly Betty".
Williams joined the cast of "Desperate Housewives" for the seventh season. Williams portrays Renee Perry, an old college friend/rival of Lynette Scavo (Felicity Huffman), as the new vixen on Wisteria Lane, moving into the late Edie Britt's old house.
In 2012 she began starring in the ABC supernatural drama series "666 Park Avenue".
Other media appearances.
Williams has appeared in advertisements for RadioShack. She is a spokesmodel for Proactiv Solution, and was the first African-American spokesmodel for L'Oréal cosmetics in the late 1990s. Her other media appearances include endorsing Crest Rejuvenating Effects Toothpaste, endorsing Disneyland and Universal Studios in a VisitCalifornia advertisement for British and Irish television in 2008, and hosting the 6th Annual 2008 TV Land Awards show.
She appeared on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" in 2000 as a contestant, and once again on August 10, 2009, as a celebrity guest during the show's 10th anniversary prime-time special editions, winning $50,000 for her charity.
In a commercial that began running during Super Bowl XLVI in 2012, Williams voiced the new character Ms. Brown, a brown M&M.
Name conflict.
Williams is most often referenced and publicly recognized simply as "Vanessa Williams". There is, however, occasional confusion with similarly named actress Vanessa A. Williams, who is just two months younger.
It has been reported that Williams first became aware of Vanessa A. in the 1980s when her New York University registrar told her that another, similarly aged student with the same name and from the same state had applied. When Williams appeared as Miss America in a Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, Vanessa A. accidentally received her check for the appearance, which she returned.
In the area of acting, the two ran into name conflict when Screen Actors Guild rules prohibited duplicate stage naming. Vanessa A. had registered the name "Vanessa Williams" first, so as a compromise, Williams was occasionally credited as "Vanessa L. Williams" in acting credits. To compound the confusion, both actresses starred in versions of the drama "Soul Food" (Williams in the film version, and Vanessa A. in its TV series adaptation). The Screen Actors Guild eventually took the issue to arbitration and decided that both actresses could use the professional name "Vanessa Williams". Today, Williams' prominence has led to a more prevailing association with the stage name "Vanessa Williams", so much so that it has widely become solely attributable to her. She is credited as such in the American television series "Ugly Betty" and "Desperate Housewives". Williams is also the owner of the internet domain name vanessawilliams.com. Today, the younger Vanessa Williams is most often publicly and professionally referenced as "Vanessa A. Williams".
Personal life.
She has been married twice. Her first marriage, to public relations consultant Ramon Hervey II, was from 1987 to 1997. Hervey later became Williams' manager. The couple had two daughters, Melanie (born June 30, 1987) and Jillian (born June 19, 1989), and one son, Devin (born April 14, 1993). William's daughter Jillian, following in her mother's footsteps, released her first single with the duo Lion Babe in 2012.
Her second marriage was to NBA basketball player Rick Fox. They married in September 1999 and have a daughter, Sasha, born on May 1, 2000. After "The National Enquirer" published pictures of Fox kissing and hugging another woman in mid-2004, Fox's representative announced that the couple had been "headed toward divorce" for over a year. A few months later in August 2004, Fox filed for divorce. Fox acted alongside Williams in two episodes during the second season of "Ugly Betty", playing the role of Dwayne, Wilhelmina's sexy bodyguard.
During an interview with Barbara Walters which aired on February 24, 2008, Williams not only admitted to using Botox but also called it "a miracle drug, no cutting, nothing, and I love it. But I also want to act so I don't do it to freeze my face."
Williams is a practicing Roman Catholic.
Williams and her mother, Helen, co-authored a memoir entitled "You Have No Idea", published in April 2012. In the book, Williams discusses her childhood, rise to fame, and personal struggles, including the fact that she was sexually molested by a woman when she was 10 years old. She also spoke candidly about her decision to have an abortion as a teenager.
Williams is a supporter of gay rights and same sex marriage and in 2011, she participated in a HRC campaign entitled “New Yorkers for Marriage Equality".
Awards and accolades.
Grammy Awards history.
Williams has received eleven Grammy nominations without a win. The only female artists to have received more competitive nominations with no wins are Martina McBride, Björk and Diana Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="19373490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373490" title="The Clemency of the Court">
The Clemency of the Court

"The Clemency of the Court" is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published on 26 October 1893 in "The Hesperian".
Title explanation.
The title refers to Serge's being in prison for the rest of his life rather than being given the death penalty.
Plot summary.
Serge, a man who was brought up by a Russian woman after his mother died, kills the babushka's husband after he kills Serge's dog. Serge is then sent to a borstal. The story ends with the rationale that even though life was tough in Russia, the United States cares for their children no better.

</doc>
<doc id="19373503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373503" title="Longborough Festival Opera">
Longborough Festival Opera

Longborough Festival Opera is an opera festival which presents a season of high quality opera each June and July in the English Cotswolds village of Longborough in north Gloucestershire. It began in 1991 as Banks Fee Opera by presenting concerts, and moved forward with operas presented by a travelling company. This was followed by converting a barn into an opera house. Audiences grew rapidly in the 1990s and, during the last decade, a focus on Wagner's operas led to three complete Ring Cycles being performed in 2013. The present chairman of the festival is Martin Graham, the music director Anthony Negus and the artistic director is Alan Privett.
Beginnings.
After its initial start and after a series of chamber music concerts in the drawing room of the founders' house, Banks Fee, Travelling Opera, a small touring opera company, was invited to give two performances with a small orchestra on a temporary stage in the courtyard of the stable block in aid of the charities Sue Ryder Care and Barnardo's. A barn was then converted into a theatre, using seats from the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, which were being discarded during the refurbishment of the late 1990s.
The original audience was mainly local supporters of the charities and about £3,000 was raised after costs, including donations which were divided between the two charities.
The opera evenings, with picnic interval, were very popular and there was demand to continue. Until 1998, the Festival's relationship was exclusively with Travelling Opera, whose productions of well-known operas in English were much enjoyed by the steadily increasing audience, which grew from a total of 400 in 1991 to 1,600 in 1997. Over that period, Banks Fee Opera presented many popular operas by Mozart, Rossini, Puccini, Verdi and Bizet.
Longborough and Wagner.
If each of the British country house opera companies have their speciality, Longborough’s is its commitment to Wagner.
LFO is the first privately owned opera house to be mounting a complete cycle of Wagner’s "Ring". After LFO’s acclaimed production of the reduced version prepared by Graham Vick and Jonathan Dove for the City of Birmingham Touring Opera company, Longborough is now producing a fully orchestrated version making use of its excellent orchestra pit, which is modelled on that at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus and accommodates 72 players.
The 2007 season featured the first instalment of a new full-length Ring Cycle: "Das Rheingold" was sung in German and had an orchestra of 60 players conducted by Anthony Negus. Alan Privett directed, and the set was designed by Kjell Torriset. "Das Rheingold" returned in 2008 for a further three performances, and "Die Walküre" was staged in 2010
2011 saw a production of "Siegfried" and 2012 involved a production of "Gotterdammerung". In Wagner's bicentenary year, 2013, the whole cycle has been staged; it is believed that this will be the first time that this has happened in a privately owned opera house.
Education at Longborough.
Longborough Festival has since 2003 been involved in education projects for in two ways: through workshops in local schools and productions for young artists to perform. The 2012 education production was "Sweeney Todd" and local children are often featured in the Festival's productions . The company runs workshops in schools and at Longborough as well as offering work experience.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19373504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373504" title="Abulog">
Abulog

The Abulog is the 9th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size. It has an estimated drainage area of and a length of from its source in the mountains of Kalinga in the Cordillera Administrative Region. More than 90% of the drainage area of the river is located in Kalinga province while the remaining is in Cagayan province.

</doc>
<doc id="19373541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373541" title="Tim Dalton">
Tim Dalton

Tim Dalton (born 14 October 1965 in Waterford) is a former Irish footballer.
During his career he played for Coventry City, Bournemouth, Notts County and later moved to Boston United, Bradford City, Tranmere Rovers, Cork City and Derry City FC of the League of Ireland, where he won an Irish domestic treble in 1989, Airdrie United and Gillingham FC.
After retiring from playing he began a coaching career as a goalkeeper coach. He has worked with numerous League of Ireland teams:
St Patricks Athletic (2003–04), Dublin City (2005–06), Drogheda United (2006–2008) and Cork City (2009), Shamrock Rovers (2009–2011).((St Patricks Athletic)) (2011-2012)
He represented his country at the 1984 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championships, the League of Ireland once in 1990 and the Irish League once in 1995. Currently working with Shamrock Rovers, and the Irish Schoolboys U15.

</doc>
<doc id="19373548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373548" title="The Fear That Walks by Noonday">
The Fear That Walks by Noonday

"The Fear That Walks By Noonday" is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in Sombrero in 1894.
Plot summary.
A team of football players have a talk before a game against the 'Injuns'. In the previous matchup between the two teams, one of the opposing team players was fatally injured. Once the teams take the field, an unusual coldness comes over the playing field and a number of unexplained events take place. One player, Fred, passes out. Later, at the post-game dinner, a very morose atmosphere hangs over the proceedings. The story ends on a very different note when Reggie yells out McKinley's political victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19373562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373562" title="1926–27 Boston Bruins season">
1926–27 Boston Bruins season

The 1926–27 Boston Bruins season was the team's third in the NHL. The Bruins finished second in the American Division, making the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. The team competed in the first Stanley Cup finals to be held exclusively between NHL teams, losing to the Ottawa Senators.
Regular season.
The collapse of the Western Hockey League not only placed the Stanley Cup in the exclusive control of the NHL, but also resulted in a flood of skilled players bolstering NHL rosters, allowing not only for three new expansion franchises (the New York Rangers, the Chicago Black Hawks and the Detroit Cougars) but providing the Bruins a complete overhaul of their roster. Goaltender Hal Winkler came from the Calgary Tigers and replaced holdover Doc Stewart in net, while former Calgary scoring star Harry Oliver led the Bruins in scoring. From the Edmonton Eskimos came two players: star scorer Duke Keats and the real prize of the offseason, defenseman Eddie Shore, who in a Bruins' uniform became one of the great players in hockey history. Another find was Percy Galbraith, who joined the Bruins after a long career in the senior leagues. 
With ten teams, the NHL realigned into two divisions, placing the Bruins in the new American Division with the Black Hawks, the Cougars, the Rangers and the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Shore made an impact early, both as a rushing defenseman and as an enforcer, provoking the ire of the Montreal Maroons in a December 23 game in which he and Sprague Cleghorn both slashed repeatedly at Maroons' star Nels Stewart, much to the disgust of the Maroons' team owner, who after the game blasted the referee in the newspapers as "incompetent." At the halfway point of the season, the Bruins were in third place behind Chicago.
Despite performances such as Oliver's four goal night against the Black Hawks on January 11, the club executed a major overhaul in mid January, first dealing Carson Cooper to the Canadiens for Billy Boucher and purchasing Hal Winkler from the Rangers, and then trading Duke Keats, who seemed to have faded, for Frank Fredrickson at month's end. Fredrickson and Winkler paid immediate dividends, with the Icelander scoring four goals against the Rangers in his first game in a Boston uniform and Winkler supplanting Doc Stewart as the club's starting goaltender. Nonetheless, the Bruins still relied heavily on rough play, and Cleghorn and Couto were specifically cited by Toronto Maple Leafs governor Charlie Querrie when he resigned in February as being "only good for chopping and slashing." 
Inconsistent play marred the end of the regular season, with the Bruins losing four out of their last seven matches, but they did well enough to secure their first playoff berth. With a combined 31 points between Detroit and Boston, Fredrickson finished fourth in the NHL in scoring with Oliver placing ninth, and Winkler had the fifth lowest goals against average of the league's goaltenders. Eddie Shore finished only three behind Nels Stewart as the league's most penalized player.
Numerous bonuses were given out at season's end to the team's players: $1,600 to Galbraith; $1,400 to Hitchman; $1,000 each to Shore, Oliver, Herbert and Cleghorn; $850 to Winkler; $750 to Fredrickson; $700 to Coutu; $300 each to Stuart and Boucher; and $250 each to Meeking and the team's trainer.
Playoffs.
The Bruins beat the Black Hawks on March 29 (in a game played in New York) 6-1, and tied 4-4 in Boston on the 31st, to win the two-game total-goal series ten goals to five.
Their second series against the Rangers was also a two game total-goal series, where they played to a scoreless tie in Boston on April 2 and won 3-1 on the 4th in New York to win three goals to one.
The Stanley Cup finals, a best-of-five series, began in Boston on April 7, where the Bruins and Senators skated to a scoreless tie. Galbraith scored for Boston in the overtime, but the goal was ruled offside. The second game in Boston on the 9th was won by Ottawa 3-1, as Boston allowed two shorthanded goals in a game marred by five power plays on Shore penalties alone.
On April 11, the series moved to Ottawa, and the teams played to another tie, 1-1. The final game was on April 13, won 3-1 by Ottawa, in a match marked by numerous fights in which several players received match penalties, fines and suspensions, and league President Frank Calder was summoned to the ice to sort it all out. The most egregious act was Bruin Billy Coutu attacking the referee, for which he was the first NHL player to be expelled for life from the league.
The Stanley Cup win was the eleventh and final one for the original Ottawa Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="19373639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373639" title="Leonard Pronko">
Leonard Pronko

Leonard C. Pronko is Professor of Theatre and expert on kabuki at Pomona College in Claremont, California. Since 1965, he has directed some twenty kabuki productions in English at the college and elsewhere. In 1970, he was the first non-Japanese to study at the Kabuki Training Program at the National Theatre of Japan. He has studied kabuki dance with a number of eminent dance teachers both in the U.S. and in Japan. In 1972, Pronko received a Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award for his kabuki productions. In 1986, Pronko received the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Third Degree, from the government of Japan in recognition of his achievements in introducing kabuki to the West. In 1997 he received the Association for Theatre in Higher Education Award for Outstanding Teacher of Theatre in Higher Education.
Pronko has written a number of books on western and eastern theatre, including "The World of Jean Anouilh", "Avant-garde", "Theatre East and West" and "Guide to Japanese Drama". He has translated the plays of Alfonso Sastre, and published monographs on a number of French playwrights. For 27 years, Pronko was Professor of Romance Languages at Pomona College and taught French language and literature and occasionally Spanish and Italian language. He continues to direct plays, including many western classics from Marlowe and Racine to Ibsen and Pirandello.
Biography.
Leonard Pronko received his B.A. from Drury College, his M.A. from Washington University in St. Louis and his Ph.D. from Tulane University, all in French and Spanish language and literature. His first teaching position was at Lake Erie College in Painesville, Ohio. Since 1957 he has taught at Pomona College, where he began as an instructor in French, occasionally teaching Spanish and Italian. His interest in theatre manifested itself in numerous courses on French theatre, plays he directed and drama courses he taught from time to time in the Theatre Department. After his first sabbatical, largely spent in Asia, and subsequent study of kabuki at the National Theatre of Japan, he directed many kabuki productions in English. In 1984, Pronko became chair of the Theatre Department, which he served in that capacity for seven years, and he has remained there, teaching courses in dramatic literature, in kabuki performance, and directing plays, including some eighteen kabuki productions, and twenty-four classic western plays from Shakespeare and Schiller to Anouilh and Dürrenmatt. His courses have included surveys of drama, courses in kabuki, in Japanese Theatre, in Asian Theatre and Dance, on Seventeenth Century Drama, Modern European Drama, and an Ibsen seminar. He has offered a number of independent study courses, chiefly on contemporary theatre or on the avant-garde.
Pronko's first article was on the poetic theatre of Lebanese, Georges Schehadé, which led him to an interest in the most recent playwrights writing in French. When, during his frequent visits to Mexico (three months each summer for nine years), he witnessed plays by Eugène Ionesco and Jean Tardieu in the early fifties, he determined to study the new playwrights, and he published his second book (the first having been "The World of Jean Anouilh", 1961, University of California Press), "Avant-Garde, the Experimental Theatre in France", in 1962 (U.C. Press), one of two early books in English on that important movement. These were followed by short studies of Ionesco and an anthology of French plays. Pronko's sabbatical to Japan and points west of there in 1963-64 brought about a change in his research as he began to study Asian theatres and their impact in the West, resulting in "Theatre East and West", 1967, U. of California Press, and "Guide to Japanese Drama", 1973, 1984, as well as a number of published translations of kabuki plays to add to his list of translations of several articles by Ionesco and seven or eight plays by Alfonso Sastre. Later books studied the French writers of farce, Georges Feydeau (1975) and Eugène Labiche (1982). He also co-edited "Shakespeare East and West", and authored some fifty articles on French theatre, Japanese theatre, and comparative drama.
Pronko has lectured widely, chiefly on kabuki, and presented hundreds of lecture-demonstrations including make-up and dance. His performance experience began as a child and continued in graduate school when he participated in plays and sang for two years in the chorus of the New Orleans Opera Company. He studied at the École Dullin and the Sorbonne in Paris, where he has spent a number of years, and he travels annually to Europe and Japan and to other more exotic climes.
Pronko won Distinguished Professor Awards twice at Pomona College, a Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award in 1972, Drury College Distinguished Alumnus Award in 1980, Tulane University Outstanding Alumnus Award in 1984, the Order of the Sacred Treasure from the Japanese Government, 1986, and the ATHE Award for Outstanding Teacher of Theatre in Higher Education, 1997. In 2006, he was made a Fellow of the College of Fellows of the American Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19373680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373680" title="Larry Arndt">
Larry Arndt

Larry Wayne Arndt (born February 25, 1963 in Fremont, Ohio) was an infielder for the Oakland Athletics during the 1989 Major League Baseball season. He played in two games during the championship season, accruing one hit in six at bats. Arndt was also slick in the field, posting a 1.000 fielding percentage in ten total chances.
Larry attended Bowling Green State University. After a successful collegiate career, he was selected in the 26th round of the 1985 Major League Baseball Draft.
On January 16, 1991, Arndt was traded to the Cleveland Indians for first baseman Troy Neel.

</doc>
<doc id="19373688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373688" title="Sofija Veiverytė">
Sofija Veiverytė

Sofija Veiverytė (April 13, 1926 in Naujatriobiai, Kaunas district – July 23, 2009 in Vilnius) was a Lithuanian artist. She studied monumental painting at the Kaunas Applied and Decorative Arts Institute. From 1951 to 1985 she lectured at the Lithuanian Art Institute. Her works are monumental and expressive.

</doc>
<doc id="19373692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373692" title="Timeline of probability and statistics">
Timeline of probability and statistics

A timeline of probability and statistics

</doc>
<doc id="19373693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373693" title="Zhu Zuxiang">
Zhu Zuxiang

Zhu Zuxiang (; aka Chu T.S. by Wade-Giles) (05/10/1916-18/11/1996), was a prominent soil scientist, agricultural scientist, educator and politician in China. He is considered as the founder of morden soil chemistry in China.
Life.
Zhu was born in Cixi City (current Yuyao), Ningbo, Zhejiang Province on 5 October 1916. In 1934, Zhu graduated from Ningbo Xiaoshi Middle School. In 1938, Zhu graduated from the School of Agricultural Sciences of Zhejiang University. In 1946, Zhu earned MSc from Michigan State University (MSU), USA. In 1948, Zhu obtained PhD from MSU.
1948, Zhu went back to China and joined the faculty of Zhejiang University. Zhe was a professor and later the Dean of the School of Agricultural Sciences of Zhejiang University.
1952-1953, due to the Adjustment for University Colleges and Departments (中國高校院系調整 / 中国高校院系调整), Zhejiang University was dissociated, and its School of Agricultural Sciences became the independent "Zhejiang Agricultural College (ZJAC)". Later, the Zhejiang Agricultural College was promoted to "Zhejiang Agricultural University (ZJAU)" (in 1998, ZJAU was re-merged into Zhejiang University). Zhu was transferred to be a professor at ZJAC in 1952. Zhu was the head of the Department of Soil and Agricultural Chemistry at ZJAC and later ZJAU. Zhu was pointed to be the Vice-president and later the President of Zhejiang Agricultural University (ZJAU).
Zhu systemically studied the soil chemistry and physics in China. Zhu was also a pioneer of studying soil pollution and maintenance in China. Zhu was a senior academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) (1980 election).
Zhu died in Shaoxing Zhejiang Province on 18 November 1996, during an inspection of local agricultural development.
Positions.
Academic:
Political:
Monography.
Zhu published more than 90 papers and books both in English and Chinese, some significant works are like below:

</doc>
<doc id="19373696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373696" title="Canton of Elbeuf">
Canton of Elbeuf

The Canton of Elbeuf is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farmland, forestry and light industry situated on the left bank of the Seine, south of Rouen in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Elbeuf. The altitude varies from 2m (Elbeuf) to 138m (La Londe) with an average altitude of 80m.
Composition.
The Canton of Elbeuf comprises 4 communes and a total of 28,040 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19373697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373697" title="Jack Ross (Australian footballer)">
Jack Ross (Australian footballer)

Richard John 'Jack' Ross (born 9 September 1911, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s.
Ross was a utility player who was used mostly at half back. He appeared in five successive Grand Finals from 1935 to 1939, the first two of them premierships. His brother Bob also played at Collingwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19373723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373723" title="Serhiy Kuznetsov (footballer born 1982)">
Serhiy Kuznetsov (footballer born 1982)

Serhiy Kuznetsov (; born on 31 August 1982 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker, who currently plays for FC Sevastopol. Kuznetsov began his footballing career in the Hungarian club Ferencváros, the club his father, also Serhiy Kuznetsov, joined in 1991 from Chornomorets. Serhiy Kuznetsov, a highly athletic striker, was noticed by the Professional Finnish side Jokerit in 2000, in which club Kuznetsov began his professional career. When playin in the Lithuanian premier league club FK Vėtra, Kuznetsov became the top scorer in the Lithuanian League, netting 19 goals in 42 appearances. In Nosta, Kuznetsov became the second highest scorer for the club in 2007. After the start of the 2008–09 season in the Ukrainian Premier League, Kuznetsov signed a two and a half year contract with the Ukrainian Premier League side FC Karpaty Lviv. Kuznetsov has also played for the Ukrainian Youth National Football Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19373726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373726" title="Jerzy and Eugenia Latoszyński">
Jerzy and Eugenia Latoszyński

Jerzy and Eugenia Latoszyński were a Polish husband and wife who saved the life of a Jewish boy named Artur Citryn, during the Holocaust in Nazi-occupied Poland in World War II. They were posthumously bestowed the title of the Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem on May 23, 2005. The medals and a diploma were presented by the Israeli ambassador, David Peleg, to their two surviving daughters, Teresa and Elżbieta, at the Branicki Palace in Warsaw. 
The family of Artur Citryn, including his mother, sister and a female cousin, managed to escape from the Warsaw Ghetto "(pictured)" in 1941, before the mass deportations began. They went to a temporarily freer Jewish ghetto in Adamów, from where Mrs. Citryn began a prolonged search for a safe hiding place for her children. She succeeded only two years later, in the summer of 1943. Together with Artur, she arrived at the house of the Latoszyński family living in the village of Lendo Wielkie. According to the testimony of one of Latoszyński's daughters, towards the end of July 1943, they were visited by a young-looking Jewish mother with a thin 10-year-old boy who was introduced as Antoś Cytryniarz from Warsaw. His mother, Mrs Citryn explained that she had heard from their neighbors about Jerzy Latoszyński who owned the largest farm in the area, frequently in need of additional help. The boy, Artur Citryn, was taken in with their blessing.
Artur’s story.
Depending on the season, Artur slept in the gardener’s room, in the attic, in the family kitchen in winter or in a barn on bales of hay during the summer. His responsibilities included grazing cattle and looking after them. The Latoszyńskis had a fair–sized library of Polish books, and Artur spent a lot of time reading, which soon became his most beloved pastime. He read adventure stories by Karl May and children’s magazines, and while distracted, would allow his cows to cause considerable damage on occasion.
Patrolling Germans as well as local partisans raided the farm numerous times in search of money and provisions. At such times, Artur would hide behind Mrs. Latoszyński along with her own children, pretending to be her son. In the spring of 1945, as soon as the Nazis retreated, Mrs Citryn returned to the farm to take back her child. The boy didn’t want to leave and cried. He had grown accustomed to his new place in life and wanted to remain with the Latoszyńskis, who had since become his second family.

</doc>
<doc id="19373807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373807" title="Women's History Sites (U.S. National Park Service)">
Women's History Sites (U.S. National Park Service)

Early Superintendents (not fully inclusive)
Deputy Regional Directors
Regional Directors
Secretary to the Director (not fully inclusive)
Director

</doc>
<doc id="19373832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373832" title="Timeline of number theory">
Timeline of number theory

A timeline of number theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19373848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373848" title="Canton of Grand-Couronne">
Canton of Grand-Couronne

The Canton of Grand-Couronne is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of forestry and light industry situated on the left bank of the Seine, immediately south of Rouen in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Grand-Couronne. The altitude varies from 1m (Le Grand-Quevilly) to 139m (Grand-Couronne) with an average altitude of 18m.
Composition.
The Canton of Grand-Couronne comprises 9 communes and a total of 49,458 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19373860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373860" title="HMS Bounty">
HMS Bounty

HMS "Bounty", also known as HM Armed Vessel "Bounty", was a small merchant vessel purchased by the Royal Navy for a botanical mission. The ship, under the command of William Bligh, was sent to the Pacific Ocean to acquire breadfruit plants and transport them to British possessions in the West Indies. That mission was never completed, due to a mutiny led by the acting Master, Fletcher Christian. This was the famous Mutiny on the Bounty.
Origin and description.
"Bounty" was originally known as collier "Bethia", built in 1784 at the Blaydes shipyard in Hull. The vessel was purchased by the Royal Navy for £2,600 on 26 May 1787, refit, and renamed "Bounty". The ship was relatively small at 215 tons, but had three masts and was full-rigged. After conversion for the breadfruit expedition, she was equipped with four Naval artillery in the Age of Sail#Artillery types cannons and ten swivel guns.
1787 breadfruit expedition.
Preparations.
The ship had been purchased by the Royal Navy for a single mission in support of an experiment: The acquisition of breadfruit plants from Tahiti, and the transportation of those plants to the West Indies in the hope that they would grow well there and become a cheap source of food for slaves. The experiment was proposed by Sir Joseph Banks, who recommended William Bligh as commander, who in a turn was promoted through a prize offered by the Royal Society of Arts.
In June 1787, "Bounty" was refitted at Deptford. The great cabin was converted to house the potted breadfruit plants, and gratings fitted to the upper deck. The ship's complement was 46 officers and men.
Bligh described the ship thus:
"The Burthen of the Ship was nearly 215 Tons; Her extreme length on deck 90Ft..10In. & breadth from outside to outside of the bends 24Ft..3 in. A Flush deck & a pretty Figure Head of a Woman in Riding habit; She mounted 4 four pounders & 10 Swivels & her Complement was,
1. Lieut & Commander 2. Masters Mates 1. Gunners Mate
1. Master 2. Midshipmen 1. Carpenters Mate
1. Boatswain 1. Clerk 1. Sailmaker
1. Gunner 2. Qr. Masters 1. Armourer
1. Carpenter 1. Qr.Masr.Mate 1. Carpenters Crew
1. Surgeon 1. Boatswains Mate 1. Corporal
24 Able Seamen
Total. 45 One of which is a Widow's man. There was likewise a Botanist David Nelson & his Assistant."
William Bligh was appointed Commanding Lieutenant of "Bounty" on 16 August 1787, at the age of 33, after a career that included a tour as sailing master of James Cook's during Cook's third and final voyage (1776–1779).
Voyage out.
On 23 December 1787, "Bounty" sailed from Spithead for Tahiti. For a full month, the crew attempted to take the ship around Cape Horn, but adverse weather prevented this. Bligh then proceeded east, rounding the southern tip of Africa (Cape Agulhas) and crossing the width of the Indian Ocean. During the outward voyage, Bligh demoted Sailing Master John Fryer, replacing him with Fletcher Christian. This act seriously damaged the relationship between Bligh and Fryer, and Fryer would later claim Bligh's act was entirely personal.
Though Bligh is commonly portrayed as the epitome of abusive sailing captains, this portrayal has recently come into dispute. Caroline Alexander, in her 2003 book "The Bounty", points out that Bligh was relatively lenient compared with other British naval officers. Bligh enjoyed the patronage of Sir Joseph Banks, a wealthy botanist and influential figure in Britain at the time. That, and his experience sailing with Cook and familiarity with navigation in the area and local customs, were probably important factors in his appointment.
"Bounty" reached Tahiti on 26 October 1788, after ten months at sea.
Bligh and his crew spent five months in Tahiti, then called "Otaheite", collecting and preparing 1015 breadfruit plants to be transported. Bligh allowed the crew to live ashore and care for the potted breadfruit plants, and they became socialized to the customs and culture of the Tahitians. Many of the seamen and some of the "young gentlemen" had themselves tattooed in native fashion. Master's Mate and Acting Lieutenant Fletcher Christian married Maimiti, a Tahitian woman. Other of "Bounty"s warrant officers and seamen were also said to have formed "connections" with native women.
After five months in Tahiti, "Bounty" set sail with her breadfruit cargo on 4 April 1789.
Mutiny and destruction of the ship.
Some west of Tahiti, near Tonga, mutiny broke out on 28 April 1789. Despite strong words and threats heard on both sides, the ship was taken bloodlessly and apparently without struggle by any of the loyalists except Bligh himself. Of the 42 men on board aside from Bligh and Christian, 22 joined Christian in mutiny, two were passive, and 18 remained loyal to Bligh.
The mutineers ordered Bligh, two midshipmen, the surgeon's mate (Ledward), and the ship's clerk into the ship's boat. Several more men voluntarily joined Bligh rather than remain aboard. Bligh and his men sailed the open boat to Tofua in search of supplies, but were forced to flee after attacks by hostile natives resulted in the death of one of the men. Bligh then undertook an arduous journey to the Dutch port of Coupang, located over from Tofua. He safely landed there 47 days later, having lost no men during the voyage except the one killed on Tofua.
The mutineers sailed for the island of Tubuai, where they tried to settle. After three months of bloody conflict with the natives, however, they returned to Tahiti. Sixteen of the mutineers - including the four loyalists who had been unable to accompany Bligh - remained there, taking their chances that the Royal Navy would find them and bring them to justice. was sent out by the Admiralty in November 1790 in pursuit of the Bounty, to capture the mutineers and bring them back to England to face a court martial. She arrived in March 1791 and captured fourteen men within two weeks; they were locked away in a makeshift wooden prison on the Pandora's quarterdeck. The men called their cell "Pandora's box". They remained in their prison until 29 August 1791 when the Pandora was wrecked on the Great Barrier Reef with the loss of 35 lives; four of them (Stewart, Sumner, Skinner and Hildebrand) were mutineers.
Immediately after setting the sixteen men ashore in Tahiti in September 1789, Fletcher Christian, eight other crewmen, six Tahitian men, and 11 women, one with a baby, set sail in "Bounty" hoping to elude the Royal Navy. According to a journal kept by one of Christian's followers, the Tahitians were actually kidnapped when Christian set sail without warning them, the purpose of this being to acquire the women. The mutineers passed through the Fiji and Cook Islands, but feared that they would be found there. Continuing their quest for a safe haven, on 15 January 1790 they rediscovered Pitcairn Island, which had been misplaced on the Royal Navy's charts. After the decision was made to settle on Pitcairn, livestock and other provisions were removed from "Bounty". To prevent the ship's detection, and anyone's possible escape, the ship was burned on 23 January 1790 in what is now called Bounty Bay.
Thirty-five years later in 1825, on a voyage of exploration under Captain Frederick William Beechey, arrived on Christmas Day off Pitcairn and spent 19 days there. Captain Beechey later recorded this in his 1831 published account of the voyage, as did one of his crew, John Bechervaise, in his 1839 "Thirty-Six years of a Seafaring Life by an Old Quarter Master". Beechey wrote a detailed account of the mutiny as recounted to him by the last survivor, Adams. Bechervaise, who described the life of the islanders, says he found the remains of "Bounty" and took some pieces of wood from it which were turned into souvenirs such as snuff boxes.
Discovery of the wreck of "Bounty".
Luis Marden discovered the remains of "Bounty" in January 1957. After spotting remains of the rudder (which had been found in 1933 by Parkin Christian, and is still displayed in the Fiji Museum in Suva), he persuaded his editors and writers to let him dive off Pitcairn Island, where the rudder had been found. Despite the warnings of one islander"Man, you gwen be dead as a hatchet!"Marden dived for several days in the dangerous swells near the island, and found the remains of the fabled ship: a rudder pin, nails, a ships boat oarlock, fittings and a "Bounty" anchor that he raised. He subsequently met with Marlon Brando to counsel him on his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1962 film "Mutiny on the Bounty". Later in life, Marden wore cuff links made of nails from "Bounty". Marden also dived on the wreck of and left a "Bounty" nail with "Pandora".
Some of "Bounty"s remains, such as the ballast stones, are still partially visible in the waters of Bounty Bay.
The last of "Bounty"s 4-pounders was recovered in 1998 by an archaeological team from James Cook University and was sent to the Queensland Museum in Townsville to be stabilised through lengthy conservation treatment, i.e. nearly 40 months of electrolysis. The gun was subsequently returned to Pitcairn Island where it has been placed on display in a new community hall.
Modern "Bounty" reconstructions.
When the 1935 film "Mutiny on the Bounty" was made, sailing vessels were still in wide use: existing vessels were adapted to play "Bounty" and "Pandora".
For the 1962 film, a new "Bounty" was constructed in Nova Scotia. For much of 1962 to 2012, she was owned by not-for-profit organization whose primary aim was to sail her and other square rigged sailing ships, and she sailed the world to appear at harbours for inspections, and take paying passengers, to recoup running costs. For long voyages, she took on volunteer crew. On 29 October 2012, sixteen "Bounty" crew-members abandoned ship off the coast of North Carolina after getting caught in the high seas brought on by Hurricane Sandy. The ship sank, according to Coast Guard Air Station Elizabeth City, at 12:45 UTC Monday 29 October 2012, and two crew members, including Captain Robin Walbridge, were reported as missing. The Captain was not found and presumed deceased November 2, 2012. It was later reported that the Coast Guard had recovered one of the missing crew members, Claudene Christian, who was apparently the great-great-great-great-great granddaughter of Fletcher Christian, the sailing master of the original HMS Bounty. Ms. Christian was found to be unresponsive and pronounced dead at Albemarle Hospital in Elizabeth City, NC. 
A second "Bounty" replica, named HMAV "Bounty", was built in New Zealand in 1979 and used in the 1984 Dino De Laurentiis film "The Bounty". The hull is constructed of welded steel oversheathed with timber. For many years she served the tourist excursion market from Darling Harbour, Sydney, Australia, before being sold to HKR International Limited in October 2007. She is now a tourist attraction (also used for charter, excursions and sail training) based in Discovery Bay, on Lantau Island in Hong Kong, and has an additional Chinese name "".

</doc>
<doc id="19373862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373862" title="Home for the Holidays (Glen Campbell album)">
Home for the Holidays (Glen Campbell album)

Home for the Holidays is the 52nd album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19373865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373865" title="Arktikum Science Museum">
Arktikum Science Museum

The Arktikum is a museum and science centre in Rovaniemi, Finland. Arktikum is an attraction, popular culture destination as well as a memorable venue for meetings and conferences. There is also Arktikum Café and library to serve the customers. Two separate actors operate at Arktikum: Arctic Center and the Provincial Museum of Lapland.
Exhibitions.
The exhibitions at the Provincial Museum of Lapland and the Arctic Center examine culture, history, and modern life in the Arctic. Concepts such as human life in tune with nature are explored in depth. There are also temporary exhibitions in Arktikum.
History.
Arktikum opened to the public on 6 December 1992, the 75th anniversary of Finland's independence. It was designed by Danish architect group Birch-Bonderup & Thorup-Waade. The crescent-shaped new annex was designed by Bonderup and Lehtipalo, and it was completed in autumn 1997.
Architecture.
Plenty of local natural materials have been used in the building: the floors are made from Perttaus granite – the hardest type available in Finland – and from lime-washed Lappish pine. The chairs are made from birch and reindeer hide.
The most visible part of the museum, its glass corridor, is 172 metres long in all and it is dissected by the 30-metre wide Kittilä highway. The tube serves as the “Gateway to the North”, as the entrance foyer is at the southern end and guests head north when coming in. The exhibition space is sheltered below the ground, mimicking the way animals in the North take cover from the harsh, cold winter by burrowing under the snow.
Awards.
According to Topworld International, the museum is the 4th best travel attraction in Finland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19373871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373871" title="China Candid">
China Candid

China Candid: The People on the People's Republic (University of California Press, 2006) is a book written by Chinese journalist Ye Sang (桑晔 "Sang Ye").
It is the second book of interviews Sang has been involved in, following co-authorship with Zhang Xinxin on "Chinese Profiles" (Beijing 1986), revised as "Chinese Lives" (1988).
The author interviewed thirty-six citizens of the People's Republic of China; each chapter of the book is a transcript of each interview turned into a single narrative flow, as if the interviewed person is talking alone during the whole interview, without interruptions from the journalist.
Some people the author has interviewed are:
It was translated into Italian in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19373876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373876" title="Kendal Parish Church">
Kendal Parish Church

Kendal Parish Church, dedicated to the Holy Trinity, is a Grade I Listed Parish Church of the Church of England in Kendal, Cumbria, England.
Visitors to the church are struck by its size and the lightness of the interior. This lightness is due to the unusual construction of five aisles, separated by columns and allowing generous window area.
The central aisle is 800 years old and the other aisles have been added over the centuries so that, in its heyday, a congregation of 1100 was regularly accommodated.
Saxon Church.
A church was built on the site during the Saxon period using material "robbed out" from the ruined Roman fort at Watercrook to the south of the town. A record in the Domesday Book, and the shaft of an Anglian Cross, housed in the Parr Chapel are dated at approximately AD 850.
Norman Period.
Westmorland was only subdued by the Normans in 1092 and Ivo Taillebois (Anglicized, the name is translated to John Talbot) became the first Norman Baron of Kentdale, he gave the church and its lands to St Mary's Abbey in York. In 1189, the inhabitants of Kendal were massacred in church by Duncan, Earl of Fife. In 1201, the present building was constructed; the arch over piscina was found carved with this date during Victorian restoration (1829).
The Parr Chapel.
The Parr Chapel was built by the Parr family in the fourteenth century, and the family coats of arms are to be seen on the ceiling. The maidenheads also featured on the walls had long been associated with the Parr family badge/arms. The device of a maidens head couped below the breast vested in ermine and gold; her hair of the last, or; and her head encircled with a wreath of red and white roses was taken from the Ros of Kendal family (ancestors of the Parr's). The large tomb in this Chapel is that of William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Kendal, grandfather of Catherine Parr, the last queen consort of King Henry VIII.

</doc>
<doc id="19373880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373880" title="Gvardeyskoye">
Gvardeyskoye

Gvardeyskoye (; ) is a village in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. 
Gvardeyskoye lies 25 km south of Kaliningrad and approximately 10 km north of Bagrationovsk. 
History.
The village was founded by the Teutonic Knights in the Old Prussian region of Natangia as a location of a mill (Mühle=Mill) and a Church, first mentioned in 1372. The town was given as a pawn by the Order to Daniel von Kunheim in 1474. The laird Georg von Kunheim, a student at Wittenberg, married Martin Luther's youngest daughter Margarethe Luther in 1555, she died in Mühlhausen in 1570. Two paintings of Luther and his wife Katharina von Bora by Lucas Cranach existed at the church up to 1945 as well as the original summons of Martin Luther by Emperor Charles V. to the Diet of Worms and an original letter, written by Luther. 
After the secularization of the Teutonic Knights in 1525 the village became part of the Duchy of Prussia and the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701. In 1643 the village came into the property of the von Kalckstein family until 1826, also as advowson of the Church. 
Conquered by the Red Army during World War II, the village was transferred from Germany to the Soviet Union according to the 1945 Potsdam Conference and had its German population expelled. The village was renamed from "Mühlhausen" to "Gvardeyskoye" 
The formerly ruined church was rebuilt after 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19373892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373892" title="Weiße Rose (opera)">
Weiße Rose (opera)

Weiße Rose ("White Rose") is a chamber opera in one act by composer Udo Zimmermann. The opera tells the story of Hans and Sophie Scholl, a brother and sister in their early twenties, who were guillotined by the Nazis in 1943 for leading Die Weiße Rose, a non-violent resistance group. The opera premiered at the Dresden Conservatory on 17 June 1967 with a German libretto by the composer's brother, Ingo Zimmermann, who is a well known journalist and writer in Germany. The opera was received fairly well but did not spark the interest in a professional production.
A revised and less conventionally narrative version of the opera was premiered at the Hamburg State Opera on 27 February 1986 and was a success with both audience and critics. The opera became an international success and has had performances at many of the world's leading opera houses and with leading orchestras including the Vienna State Opera, Komische Oper Berlin, Zurich Opera, the Salzburg Festival, and the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra among many others. The United States premiere of the opera was presented by Opera Omaha in 1988 with soprano Lauren Flanigan as Sophie.

</doc>
<doc id="19373898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373898" title="Basilisk">
Basilisk

In European bestiaries and legends, a basilisk (, from the Greek βασιλίσκος "basilískos", "little king;" Latin "regulus") is a legendary reptile reputed to be king of serpents and said to have the power to cause death with a single glance. According to the "Naturalis Historia" of Pliny the Elder, the basilisk of Cyrene is a small snake, "being not more than twelve fingers in length," that is so venomous, it leaves a wide trail of deadly venom in its wake, and its gaze is likewise lethal; its weakness is in the odor of the weasel, which, according to Pliny, was thrown into the basilisk's hole, recognizable because all the surrounding shrubs and grass had been scorched by its presence. It is possible that the legend of the basilisk and its association with the weasel in Europe was inspired by accounts of certain species of Asiatic snakes (such as the king cobra) and their natural predator, the mongoose.
Accounts.
The basilisk is called "king" because it is reputed to have on its head a mitre- or crown-shaped crest. Stories of the basilisk show that it is not completely distinguished from the cockatrice. The basilisk is alleged to be hatched by a cockerel from the egg of a serpent or toad (the reverse of the cockatrice, which was hatched from a cockerel's "egg" incubated by a serpent or toad). In Medieval Europe, the description of the creature began taking on features from cockerels.
One of the earliest accounts of the basilisk comes from Pliny the Elder's "Natural History", written in roughly 79 AD. He describes the catoblepas, a monstrous cow-like creature of which "all who behold its eyes, fall dead upon the spot," and then goes on to say,
"There is the same power also in the serpent called the basilisk. It is produced in the province of Cyrene, being not more than twelve fingers in length. It has a white spot on the head, strongly resembling a sort of a diadem. When it hisses, all the other serpents fly from it: and it does not advance its body, like the others, by a succession of folds, but moves along upright and erect upon the middle. It destroys all shrubs, not only by its contact, but those even that it has breathed upon; it burns up all the grass, too, and breaks the stones, so tremendous is its noxious influence. It was formerly a general belief that if a man on horseback killed one of these animals with a spear, the poison would run up the weapon and kill, not only the rider, but the horse, as well. To this dreadful monster the crow of a rooster is fatal, a thing that has been tried with success, for kings have often desired to see its body when killed; so true is it that it has pleased Nature that there should be nothing without its antidote. The animal is thrown into the hole of the basilisk, which is easily known from the soil around it being infected. The weasel destroys the basilisk by its odour, but dies itself in this struggle of nature against its own self."
Isidore of Seville defined the basilisk as the king of snakes, due to its killing glare and its poisonous breath. The Venerable Bede was the first to attest to the legend of the birth of a basilisk from an egg by an old cockerel, and then other authors added the condition of Sirius being ascendant. Alexander Neckam (died 1217) was the first to say that not the glare but the "air corruption" was the killing tool of the basilisk, a theory developed one century later by Pietro d'Abano.
Theophilus Presbyter gives a long recipe in his book for creating a basilisk to convert copper into "Spanish gold" ("De auro hyspanico").
Albertus Magnus in the "De animalibus" wrote about the killing gaze of the basilisk, but he denied other legends, such as the rooster hatching the egg. He gave as source of those legends Hermes Trismegistus, who is credited also as the creator of the story about the basilisk's ashes being able to convert silver into gold: the attribution is absolutely incorrect, but it shows how the legends of the basilisk were already linked to alchemy in 13th century.
Geoffrey Chaucer featured a basilicok (as he called it) in his "Canterbury Tales". According to some legends, basilisks can be killed by hearing the crow of a rooster or gazing at itself through a mirror. The latter method of killing the beast is featured in the legend of the basilisk of Warsaw, killed by a man carrying a set of mirrors.
Stories gradually added to the basilisk's deadly capabilities, such as describing it as a larger beast, capable of breathing fire and killing with the sound of its voice. Some writers even claimed it could kill not only by touch, but also by touching something that is touching the victim, like a sword held in the hand. Also, some stories claim its breath is highly toxic and will cause death, usually immediately. The basilisk is also the guardian creature and traditional symbol of the Swiss city Basel.
The basilisk was, however, believed to be vulnerable to cockerels; therefore travelers in the Middle Ages allegedly sometimes carried cockerels with them as protection.
Leonardo da Vinci included a basilisk in his Bestiary, saying it is so utterly cruel that when it cannot kill animals by its baleful gaze, it turns upon herbs and plants, and fixing its gaze on them withers them up. In his notebooks, he describes the basilisk, in an account clearly dependent directly or indirectly on Pliny's:
Then Leonardo says the following on the weasel:
"This beast finding the lair of the basilisk kills it with the smell of its urine, and this smell, indeed, often kills the weasel itself."
Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa wrote that the basilisk "is alwayes, and cannot but be a male, as the more proper receptacle of venome and destructive qualities."
According to the tradition of the Cantabrian mythology, the ancient Basiliscu (as they called it) has disappeared in most of the Earth but still lives in Cantabria, although it is rare to see it. This animal is born from an egg laid by an old cock just before his death a clear night and full moon exactly at midnight. Within a few days, the egg shell, which is not hard, but rather soft and leathery, is opened by the strange creature that already has all the features of an adult: legs, beak, cockscomb, and reptilian body. Apparently, this strange creature has an intense and penetrating fire in its eyes that at the animal that or person who gazes directly upon it would die. The weasel is the only animal that can face and even attack it. It can only be killed with the crowing of a rooster, so, until very recent times, travelers were carrying a rooster when they ventured into areas where it was said that the basilisks lived.
Origin.
Some have speculated that reports of cobras may have given birth to the stories of the basilisk. Cobras can maintain an upright posture, and, as with many snakes in overlapping territories, are often killed by mongooses. The king cobra or hamadryad has a crown-like symbol on its head. Several species of spitting cobras can incapacitate from a distance by spitting venom, most often into the prey's eyes, and may well have been confused by similar appearance with the hamadryad. The Egyptian cobra lives in the desert and was used as a symbol of royalty.
Literary references.
The basilisk appears in the English Revised Version of the Bible in Isaiah 14:29 in the prophet's exhortation to the Philistines reading, "Rejoice not, O Philistia, all of thee, because the rod that smote thee is broken: for out of the serpent's root shall come forth a basilisk, and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent."
The King James version of the Bible states, "out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit "shall be" a fiery flying serpent."
In Psalm 91:13: "super aspidem et "basiliscum" calcabis conculcabis leonem et draconem" in the Latin Vulgate, literally "You will tread on the lion and the dragon,/the asp and the basilisk you will trample under foot," translated in the King James Version as: Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder: the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet," the basilisk appears in the Septuagint and the Latin Vulgate, though not most English translations, which gave rise to its inclusion in the subject in Early Medieval art of "Christ treading on the beasts".
In William Shakespeare's" Richard III", the recently widowed Anne Neville, on hearing seductive compliments on her eyes from her husband's murderer (Richard, Duke of Gloucester), retorts that she wishes they were those of a basilisk, that she might kill him. In Act II, Scene 4 of Shakespeare's Cymbeline, a character says about a ring, "It is a basilisk unto mine eye, Kills me to look on't."
Similarly, Samuel Richardson wrote in his famous novel "Clarissa; or the history of a young lady": “If my eyes would carry with them the execution which the eyes of the basilisk are said to do, I would make it my first business to see this creature.”
Another famous reference to the basilisk is found in John Gay’s ""The Beggar's Opera"" ("Act II, Air XXV"):
Jonathan Swift alluded to the basilisk in a poem:
Alexander Pope also wrote, “The smiling infant in his hand shall take/ The crested basilisk and speckled snake” (Messiah, lines 81–82).
In the chapter XVI of "The Zadig", Voltaire mentions a basilisk, “an Animal, that will not suffer itself to be touch'd by a Man”. Percy Bysshe Shelley in his "Ode to Naples" alludes to the basilisk:
Shelley also refers to the basilisk in his poem "Queen Mab:"
Charles Dickens uses the basilisk to describe Mrs. Varden's eternally angry and hideous housemaid, Miggs, in "Barnaby Rudge": "But to be quiet with such a basilisk before him was impossible. If he looked another way, it was worse to feel that she was rubbing her cheek, or twitching her ear, or winking her eye, or making all kinds of extraordinary shapes with her nose, than to see her do it."
Modern reuse.
Basilisks have been reimagined and employed in modern fantasy fiction for books and role-playing games, with wide variations on the powers and weaknesses attributed to them. Most of these depictions describe a reptile of some sort, with the power to kill its victims with a direct stare and petrify through an indirect one.
Reuse in popular culture.
The basilisk appears in J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" books, most notably in "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", where it is described as a large serpent whose direct glare causes instantaneous death.
In "Star Wars" spin-off fiction, Basilisk is the name of a star system and planet. It is also the name of a Star Destroyer featured in the The Jedi Academy trilogy.
In the fantasy novel "The Son of Neptune", the Gigante Polybotes's hair was covered with basilisks. After the goddess Iris opposes him, the Gigante throws three basilisks out to guard her home. In order to escape, the demigod Frank Zhang fights them off with his spartus ally Gray. Basilisks reappear at the final battle. However, this time, Frank has learned to use Periclymenus' power. He transforms into a weasel, the basilisks' mortal enemy, and defeats them.
In "A Clash of Kings", the second book in George R. R. Martin's "A Song of Ice and Fire" series, Daenerys enters the Qarth marketplace to see a gaming pit "where a basilisk was tearing a big red dog to pieces amidst a shouting ring of sailors."
A rampant basilisk is a key protagonist in the Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist series book "The Basilisk's Lair" by R. L. LaFevers and Kelly Murphy.
In the Dragonology book series the basilisk is a form of shape-shifting dragon that is almost impossible to encounter without death.
In , Naked Snake must battle a Metal Gear (weapon) codenamed Peace Walker, also known as Basilisk because of its all-terrain capabilities and resemblance to the creature.
Basilisk is the main antagonist in Tomasz Bukowski's novel "Obiekt R/W0036". According to legend, a basilisk has once lived in Warsaw sewers before being slain; in the novel, it was not killed, but trapped by Warsaw citizens, and was set free in 1944 during Warsaw Uprising. Rampaging through the war-torn city, it attracts the attention of both Germans (who want to study it) and Poles (who want to secure sewer passages for the evacuation of insurgents) and forces them to join their efforts in tracking it down.
A similar concept is used in the South Park episode The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka to describe the eponymous reptile that Jimbo and Ned are setting out to hunt for a majority of the episode. The frog is said to kill with a single gaze. 
Basilisks figure in the work of David Langford, to describe a (fictional) class of image or sensation which causes death or harm to anyone who views it. Langford's fictional basilisk images, or BLITs, are so deadly to the characters that all information about them, including the death toll when they first appear in the story, is classified; however, each of them is given a name or number, and a reasoning common to such stories is provided.
Reuse in science.
Mythological concepts are sometimes co-opted in biological science to name animals, such as with "vampires", "lemures", "sirens", "dragons", and "harpies". "Basilisk" in science refers to "Basiliscus", a South American genus of lizard containing four species.

</doc>
<doc id="19373899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373899" title="Saint Donatus of Muenstereifel">
Saint Donatus of Muenstereifel

Saint Donatus of Muenstereifel is a saint whose relics are found in the Jesuit church in Bad Muenstereifel. He is widely venerated in the Rhine valley region of Germany and the Low Countries, and he is a patron saint of Buda and of protection against lightning. His relics were translated to Muenster Eifel in the 17th century from the Catacombs of Rome, where he had been originally buried.
Legend.
Saint Donatus is said to be a 2nd-century Roman soldier and martyr. His parents were named Faustus and Flaminia. When Faustus was deathly ill, his wife Flaminia sought the intercession of Saint Gervasius, who assured her that her husband would recover and beget a son. This came to pass, and Flaminia named the boy Donatus, which means "gift". She educated him in the Christian faith. At the age of 17, he enlisted in the famed 12th Legion "Fulminatrix", i.e., the "Thundering Legion". He rapidly rose through the ranks and soon became a personal bodyguard to the emperor, Marcus Aurelius.
In the year 173 the 12th Legion was engaged in the Marcomannic Wars in Moravia along the Danube frontier. According to the contemporary writer Dio Cassius, part of the legion was surrounded and nearly overwhelmed when it was miraculously saved by a divine thunderstorm. Cassius attributed the thunderstorm to the invocation of Mercurius by Aurelius' Egyptian sorcerer, Arnuphis, but Tertullian and other Christian writers ascribed the miracle to the prayers of the many Christians in that Legion. Later legend credited Donatus as the leader of the Christians' prayers. After the miracle, Donatus gave thanks to God, and he was martyred by the emperor.
He was buried by his mother in the Catacombs of Saint Agnes. Over the centuries, access to the catacombs was lost. In 1646, the catacombs were re-opened, and the relics of Donatus and many other saints were re-discovered. Pope Innocent X bequeathed Donatus's relics to the Jesuit church in Muenster Eifel, and they were carried in procession from Rome to the Rhineland. On June 30, 1652 the relics were at St. Martin's church in Euskirchen as a Jesuit priest, Fr. Heerde, was saying mass in the morning. With the conclusion of benediction, lightning struck the church and lit the altar and the priest on fire. He immediately invoked the aid of Saint Donatus and was miraculously restored unharmed. This miracle spread the fame of the Roman martyr throughout the region.
Some writers comment on the alliteration between the Latin name "Donatus" and the German title "Donner", which means "Thunderer".
Veneration.
Saint Donatus is a patron against lightning strikes. His cultus is closely linked to that of Saint Florian, who is the protector against May frost. The two together are often invoked to protect the wine harvest, particularly in Hungary. Although he is not in the Roman Martyrology, he shares a feast day with his namesake, Saint Donatus of Arezzo, on August 7. He is also commonly venerated on June 30, the anniversary of his miracle in Euskirchen. There is an annual fair in his honor in Euskirchen on the 2nd Sunday of May. The Archdiocese of Cologne sponsors an annual pilgrimage to Bad Muenstereifel on the 2nd Sunday of July. In Hungary, his protection for the vintage is asked on August 7. He is depicted in art wearing Roman armor, and armed with a thunderbolt. He is often shown holding a martyr's palm or a grapevine.

</doc>
<doc id="19373905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373905" title="Stephen Gough (footballer)">
Stephen Gough (footballer)

Stephen Gough (born 21 March 1981, Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish football player currently playing for Crumlin United F.C. in the Leinster Senior League.
He began his career at Bray Wanderers F.C. and then signed for a short spell at Monaghan United at the start of the shortened 2002/03 season. He signed for Shamrock Rovers F.C. shortly after and made his Rovers debut on 11 October 2002.
Gough scored seven league goals in total in the Hoops, and was the clubs Young Player of the Year for 2004.
He made four appearances in the UEFA Intertoto Cup, before transferring to Longford in July 2005.
In December 2006, he signed back for Bray Wanderers F.C., but was released at the end of the 2007 season.
Following a break from the game, Gough returned to league action with Longford Town F.C. in July 2008, before leaving at the end of the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19373912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373912" title="Jimmy Gregg">
Jimmy Gregg

Jimmy Gregg (born in 1947 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player during the 1960s and 1970s.
He made his Shamrock Rovers debut on the 20th of April 1966 Sought a move away from Milltown in December 1971 to get first team football [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1971/1208/Pg003.html#Ar00303:1580A618C0F71890A41D40FA1D20A82060F92010A72350FD1451921741AA2172D123D2E616036B16B38016B36B18538021736D23D38217741219F42715E46616947B16B46618447B13313623518704B1910801A91793331A53481E338721139D17687D1A18921F518424119B1983871D439C21787223A88723A87223F88714F87D16989205F0A207D0F80820A21340F810719113B1A9.
Made 4 appearances for the Hoops in the European Cup Winners' Cup including a win over FC Schalke 04 in 1969. 
In the 1971/72 season his brother Eamonn Gregg played alongside him at Glenmalure Park.
Trivia.
The Gregg name is synonymous with Shamrock Rovers. His two great uncles, 'Jemmer' (real name Michael James) and John were original founder members of the club and his uncle Podge (real name Patrick) won the FAI Cup with Rovers in 1945. His brother Eamonn Gregg also played for Rovers in the 1970s. Podge's son in law Mick Gannon won the FAI Cup with Rovers in 1978 and his son Karl Gannon also played for the Hoops in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19373919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373919" title="Paddy Henderson (footballer)">
Paddy Henderson (footballer)

Paddy Henderson (footballer) (born in 1938 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a goalkeeper.
Football career.
Paddy began his career at Holyhead Town in Wales before signing for League of Ireland side Shamrock Rovers F.C. in 1961. 
He was key first team player and made two appearances in the European Champion Clubs' Cup while at Glenmalure Park against SK Rapid Wien.
Paddy signed for Drogheda United, in 1965 before retiring with a back injury in 1967.
Footballing Family.
Paddy has three sons involved in football. Eldest son, Dave Henderson was a goalkeeper who had two spells with the Hoops in the 1970s and 1990s, he is best known for his long term association with Bohemian F.C.. 
Another son, Stephen Henderson (footballer born 1966), has managed Cobh Ramblers F.C. to the Eircom First Division title and later Waterford United.
Youngest son Wayne Henderson (footballer) has probably been the most successful family member, another talented goalkeeper he has played for Aston Villa, Brighton and is currently contracted to Preston North End. Wayne has also represented then Republic of Ireland national football team at Senior level.

</doc>
<doc id="19373925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373925" title="Liam Hennessy (footballer)">
Liam Hennessy (footballer)

Liam Hennessy (born 1932 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a left half..
He signed for Shamrock Rovers F.C. in 1949 after a months trial with Wolverhampton Wanderers and became part of the side popularly known as Coad's Colts, enjoying many memorable days during the 1950s.
Hennessy made a scoring debut on the 23rd of December 1951 at Limerick scoring the first goal from 40 yards out in a 3-0 win [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1951/1224/Pg008.html#Ar00810:0C74A510A4D50BB58D0E65A00624A50B24D508A5200AC55E0AC5200B855E0B65200D755E05355D080570].
When Rovers won the League in 1953/54 Liam scored 4 goals in a 10-2 win over Cork Athletic [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1953/1207/Pg010.html#Ar01002:6144936284C562849466C4C65D852560853D5F155C63157362258264F59958F7795BC79158F7E65BD7FD5EE83C61C85664788467589E5804936014C558D5255CF53D].
Played in 4 FAI Cup finals in a row from 1955 losing the latter two. Missed a penalty in the 1958 decider [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1958/0421/Pg002.html#Ar00200:5B833169339746E45D4B848050D4BB54E4D551B6B65506CD5167BE54C7D851792554C93F5D95E16105FB7BD7AE7FF7CD7FB7B08007CC43B3305853975F33E26854057784407B24637B24407BA46343245D45D4804A04BA4F84D44C46B550E6CC4B47BE5007D84AD9244FB93E5775E15C55FB7567B076C7CC76C7AE7A47CD7A47B07AF7CC].
Made 3 appearances while at Glenmalure Park in the European Champion Clubs' Cup scoring against OGC Nice. In the away leg at Nice in 1959-60, he was struck down with sunstroke during the game, but soldiered on. [http://www.shamrockrovers.ie/europeanresults.php].
In May 1948 he played for the Republic of Ireland national football team youth team at Griffin Park that won on English soil for the first time. In 1952 he played and scored for the Republic of Ireland national football team amateurs against England.
Earned 5 Inter-League caps while at Milltown between 1954 and 1959. Scored 39 League and 9 FAI Cup goals for the Hoops.
Shared a benefit game with Liam Tuohy in May 1960 [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1960/0504/Pg003.html#Ar00308:1511441AC16508E1440C11650B00F011011113D12D18214E25217229519304A1A20821BE0D412D13414E1E7172247193].
Spent part of the 1961/62 season in the United States and came home to sign for Waterford United F.C..
Was awarded the Shamrock Rovers Hall of Fame in 1990.
In February 2008 Liam, along with Maxie McCann were invited to the Munich commemoration at Manchester United [http://www.shamrockrovers.ie/pressrelease.php?subaction=showfull&id=1201521432&archive=&start_from=&ucat=10&].

</doc>
<doc id="19373929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373929" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Goodhue County, Minnesota">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Goodhue County, Minnesota

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Goodhue County, Minnesota. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Goodhue County, Minnesota, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 62 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. A supplementary list includes six additional sites that were formerly listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19373930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373930" title="Lux Kassidy">
Lux Kassidy

Lux Kassidy (born May 17, 1985 in Los Angeles, California, United States) is an American erotic model and pornographic film actress.
Before her erotic model career, Kassidy had jobs at a real estate office, a restaurant and a doctor’s office. She entered the adult film industry in 2006, at the age of 21. Her adult career has been solely girl-girl, beginning with her debut in Vivid Entertainment's "Lux’s Life". Her first name was taken from Kirsten Dunst’s character in the movie "Virgin Suicide", and her last name was from a character in "Nash Bridges". Kassidy has appeared in magazines such as "Hustler" and "Club International", and in October 2007 she was the Penthouse Pet of the Month. 
In 2006 she had a small role in the Warner Brothers film "Beer Fest". In around early 2007, Kassidy signed a one-year contract as the spokesmodel for the adult-toy company, Xhale Glass. In June 2008, she and two other Penthouse Pets accompanied the band Mötley Crüe while they performed on the "Late Show with David Letterman". In 2008 Kassidy began co-hosting the show, "The Naked View", on Playboy TV.
Lux has also modeled for the mainstream health and fitness brand Fantasy Fitness.
Lux was the inspiration for the song "Cassidy" on American metal band Fallen Man's album "Reborn". 

</doc>
<doc id="19373931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373931" title="Francis Morse">
Francis Morse

Francis Morse, M.A. born 18 May 1818, died 18 September 1886 was a priest in the Church of England.
Family.
Francis Morse was the son of Thomas Morse and Elizabeth of Blundeston, Suffolk. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and St John's College, Cambridge.
He married Clarissa Catharine Gedge on 3 January 1849 in St. Philip's Church, Birmingham, (now St. Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham). Children were:
Career.
He was admitted as a deacon by Rt. Revd. Edward Stanley Bishop of Norwich in January 1844 and ordained in 1845 and was a curate in the Church of St Editha, Tamworth in 1849. There was some controversy in 1853 when he was proposed for the St Mary's Church, Shrewsbury by the Edward Herbert, 3rd Earl of Powis but a court case ensued to prevent him from taking the incumbency.
He was appointed a perpetual curate of St. John's Church, Ladywood, Birmingham in 1854. On 23 December 1864 he became Vicar of St. Mary's Church, Nottingham, a position he held until 1884. He was also a Prebendary of Lincoln from 1867 - 1884. On his retirement he was made Canon of Southwell Minster. 
At St. Mary's Church, Nottingham, Francis Morse introduced a modern style of management. He printed annual reports and Vestry minutes start with his arrival. The church supported both The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel and the Church Missionary Society.
Sydney Pierrepont, 3rd Earl Manvers supported Morse and was Vicar's warden throughout the incumbency. The fabric of the church underwent continual restoration. After 20 years, Morse is thought to have raised and spent £18,000 on the interior alone, re-roofing the aisles and transepts, and redesigning the chancel. Apart from the organ of 1871 (which was removed in 1915) the chancel stalls, bishop's throne, reredos, altar, sedilla and rood-screen are all from this date and still extant. 

</doc>
<doc id="19373933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373933" title="Hemaris thetis">
Hemaris thetis

The Rocky Mountain clearwing or California Clearwing ("Hemaris thetis") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Colorado, New Mexico, Montana, Idaho, Wyoming and Utah west to California and north to British Columbia. The habitat consists of streamsides and meadows in mountainous areas.
The wingspan is 35–50 mm. It is a diurnal species. The head and thorax are brownish-olive or olive-green. The abdomen is black or olive-green above and yellow below, there is a broad yellow band. The wings have a narrow brown border and the clear parts of the wings have a steel-blue glow. The scaled areas of wings range from dark brown to light brownish orange. Each wing has a large transparent patch which covers most of the wing surface.
There is probably one generation per year with adults on wing from May to August. They feed on the nectar of various flowers, including "Arctostaphylos uva-ursi" and "Lupinus" species.
The larvae feed on "Symphoricarpos" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19373950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373950" title="Parya language">
Parya language

Parya () is a Central Indo-Aryan language spoken in parts of Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. Tajuzbeki (or Tadj-Uzbeki) was an alternative name coined by Bholanath Tivari for the same language. Much of the academic research in documenting and characterizing this Indo-Aryan isolate language was done by prominent Soviet linguist I. M. Oranski.
Region and Genealogy.
Parya is largely spoken in the border regions between Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, specifically in the towns of Hisor, Shahrinav, Regar/Tursunzoda and Surchi, located in the Hissor Valley of Tajikistan and the Surkhondaryo basin of Uzbekistan. It is based on the Braj, Hariyani and Rajasthani dialects, and is highly influenced by Uzbek, Tajik and Russian languages.
There are about 2,500 speakers worldwide. Parya speakers are usually bilingual in Tajik, but tend to exclusively use Parya at home.
Vigesimal counting.
Parya employs some vigesimal numeral counting patterns, though the base words used are Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="19373979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373979" title="Colt Police Positive">
Colt Police Positive

The Colt Police Positive is a small-frame double-action revolver featuring a six-round cylinder, chambered for either .32 or .38 caliber cartridges. Designed primarily for sale to federal, state, or local law enforcement agencies, the Police Positive was introduced into the firearms market by the Colt's Manufacturing Company in 1907.
Development and history.
The Colt Police Positive was an improvement of Colt’s earlier “New Police” revolver, upgraded with an internal hammer block safety. Colt named this new security device the “Positive Lock”, and its nomenclature ended up being incorporated as a partial namesake for the new revolver. 
The cylinder of the Police Positive rotated in the clockwise direction, the opposite of firearms maker Smith & Wesson's competing models. Ever a canny competitor in the firearms milieu, Colt missed no opportunity to score a "coup d'éclat" over its arch rival, and began a marketing campaign which accentuated this detail. In its advertising Colt proclaimed that "All Colt cylinders TURN TO THE RIGHT", and suggested that the Colt design forced the cylinder crane up against the frame, resulting in tighter lockup with less play and better chamber to barrel alignment, thus markedly increasing accuracy.
The Police Positive was very successful; along with the Colt Official Police it dominated the law enforcement firearms market in the early 1900s. The Positive was itself incrementally modified in 1908, forming the basis for Colt’s Police Positive Special model.
A nickel Police Positive with pearl grips was used by Charles Bronson as Paul Kersey in "Death Wish". The notorious American gangster Al Capone also used a Police Positive, a nickel .38 Police Positive with walnut grips and a 4 inch barrel, manufactured in 1929. In June 2011 a private collector sold it at Christie's for the sum of £67,250/$109,080/€75,656.
Features.
The Police Positive was made of carbon steel, and was finished with either a polished blued finish or nickel plated. The First issue of the Police Positive ran from the revolver’s introduction in 1907 until 1927. Sporting Colt’s standard hard rubber grips, it was offered with barrel lengths of 2.5 (available only in .32 caliber), 4, 5, and 6 inches, and was chambered for the .32 Long Colt (it would also accept the .32 Short Colt), .32 Colt New Police, and .38 Colt New Police cartridges. Checkered Walnut grips became standard after 1923. The Second issue began in 1928 and ran until 1947, adding a somewhat heavier frame as well as a serrated topstrap to reduce sight glare, while retaining the wooden grips. Both of Colt's “New Police” rounds were actually slight redesigns of existing S&W cartridges, the .32 S&W Long and .38 S&W with the bullet noses flattened, as Colt resisted providing its main competitor with any free advertising. Colt's Positive Lock safety, the innovation responsible for the gun's introduction, functioned by preventing the firing pin from striking the primer of the cartridge unless the trigger was deliberately pulled. Intended to address deficiencies of earlier models such as the Single Action Army, the Positive Lock prevented an accidental discharge even if the hammer was struck or the pistol was dropped, allowing the revolver to be safely carried with all six chambers loaded. The revolver’s sights consisted of a half-moon blade front with a fixed iron open rear sight, which was a simple V-notch shaped groove milled into the revolver’s topstrap.
Variants.
Police Positive Target.
Weighing 22 ounces and available with a blued finish and black hard rubber grips in .22 Long Rifle, .22 WRF, .32 Long (and Short) Colt, and .32 Colt New Police (.32 S&W Long) chamberings, the First issue of this model featured an adjustable open iron sighted 6 inch barrel and was marketed from 1910 to 1925, with checked Walnut grips replacing the rubber ones after 1923. A Second issue was sold from 1926 to 1941 and differed from the First in that it had a slightly heftier frame which upped the weight to 26 ounces; also Colt’s nickel finish was offered as an option. In today's collectable market, the .32 New Police version appears to be the most sought after and valuable.
Police Positive Special.
The Colt Police Positive Special was an iterative improvement of Colt's earlier Police Positive model, the only differences being a slightly lengthened cylinder and elongated and strengthened frame to allow the chambering of the longer, more powerful .32-20 Winchester and .38 Special cartridges. (Full article at link)

</doc>
<doc id="19373990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373990" title="Werrason">
Werrason

Werrason, real name Noël Ngiama Makanda born December 25, 1965 in Moliambo, a small village in Bandundu province in the Western Democratic Republic of Congo, Kwilu District is a musician from the Democratic Republic of Congo and also leader of the band Wenge Maison Mère (WMM). By age eight, Werrason was singing at his local church, the Protestant Church of CBZO (Communauté Batiste du Zaire Ouest-Batism community of Western Zaire), Kinshasa. He loved martial arts and was a martial arts champion by age of 12. In 1981, in between his studies (for a degree in Accountancy), Werrason and his college friends Didier Masela, Adolphe Dominguez, J.B Mpiana, Blaise Bula among others created an innovative musical band “Wenge Musica 4X4 Tout Terrain Bon Chic Bon Genre”.
The fall and rise of Werrason.
In 2003, Werrason’s musical career took a major blow when he lost a large number of key band members. These were his deputy and composer Ferre Gola, his chief animator Bill Kalondji, and singer JDT Mulopwe. These members left a few months after other key members (Baby Ndombe, Serge Mabiala and Japonais Maladi) had also left for varied reasons. These former members grouped together and formed a rival musical band called les Marquis de Maison Mère. This period coincided with the time, Werrason could not get European visas for his musical group to go and produce his next album "Alerte General" and to perform to his fans abroad, who to this day remain one of the key sources of revenue for his band. The following year Werrason parted ways with his then sponsor Bracongo, producers of beer 'Skol'. Werrason was forced to, for the first time, produce an album, "Alerte Generale" in studios in Congo, which are inferior in quality compared to his favored studios in France. Werrason weathered this storm, rebuild his band and secured a lucrative sponsorship deal with Bralima, producers of beer 'Primus'. In 2004, he finally released "Alerte Generale" a single with 4 tracks with new talents, Heritier Watananbe, Bonbon Kojack, Taddet, Teka Diabanza, Jitrous etcand then proceeded on a European tour to promote the album. In 2005 in the midst of performances in Africa and Europe and as he reorganized his band Wenge Musica Maison Mère, Werrason continued work on his second solo album "Temoignage de Miracle" a 14-track double CD which he released early 2005. It was evident that Werrason had bounced back in a big way and by this time had regained his position as the musician with the highest number of fans in Central Africa. That year (2005) Werrason won a KORA award for the best artist in Central Africa beating off a strong field of contenders including Koffi Olomide. To crown his comeback, Werrason visited his province of birth, Kikwit, and did a concert attended by over 200,000 people, and this remains one of the biggest music concerts ever in the African continent. He followed this by another mega performance at Masina.
The success of Werrason 'Le Grand Formateur'.
True to his nickname "le grand formateur" Werrason dropped his next single "Sous Sol" an album with new dance styles, guitar and drums that proved revolutionary. Counting on his new talented musicians Heritier Watanabe, Eboa Lotin, Miel de son, Cappucino Bogard,solo guitar master Flam Kapaya, his longtime drummer Papy Kakol, animators Brigade Sabatini and Celeo Scram, seasoned dancers Anya Star, Bibisia Mfwengi, Gisele Yamamoto, Linda Kalome among others, the band enjoyed great success and did a number of major performances attended by tens of thousands in Brazzaville, Angola, Kikwit, Stade de Matadi, Bukavu, Masina, FIKIN among others.
Werrason joined forces, in 2002 in Kinshasa, with the Jamaican superstar Shaggy who, during an interview in CNN recognizes Werrason as “The greatest current African artist”. The album "Sous Sol" was followed closely by another great album "Temps Present-Mayi Ya Sika" also a double CD with 15 tracks, in which he gave his band members a chance to develop their singing and composition prowess. Werrason is recognized for his ability and desire to promote, nurture and expose his band members as a way of encouraging them to later confidently pursue their own solo careers. In that album "Temps Present – Mayi Ya Sika" this was evident as he gave not just the singers, but even the instrumentalists a chance to make their own compositions. Heritier Watanabe once again shone with beautiful songs "Sol demi amour" and "Confession Intime", the young singers Cappuccino Bogard and Eboa Lotin composed beautiful love songs "Point Carre" and "Bula Wa Yo" respectively while his experienced mi-solo guitarist Corean 'Polystar' Acompa, drummer Papy Kakol and Mimiche Bass also got a chance to do their own compositions. A number of former members of Werrason’s Wenge Musica Maison Mère have benefitted from this kind of exposure and have now gone independent. They include Ferre Gola, a high flying former chief d'orchestra in WMMM who presently leads a band called 'les Marquis de Gaulois', Bill Kalondji, former animator now leader of the band le Samurai, JDT Mulopwe a former singer with WMMM presently leading Le Marquis de Maison Mère, and Celeo Scram with his orchestra ‘Plus 9’, among others.
Werrason’s next album "Techno Malewa Sans Cesse" was released in October 2010. Making use of the continental style ‘Coup De Calle’ and new dance moves, the album received great success across Africa and in Europe, and in it Werrason's versatility was shown. His new young singers Deplik Filla, Fabrice Energie and Cafe Roum were given an opportunity to star in songs composed by Werrason. Werrason followed the release of "Techno Malewa Sans Cess" with his energetic performances at a packed‘Zenith de Paris’ in March 13, 2010. He later visited Holland, Brussels, Lyon among others. His African performances including at Bukavu‘s Stade de Kadutu will remain long in the memory of many African music fans. In June 2011, Werrason gave a grand performance at Stade de France's Africa Night alongside other Great African artists including Meyway, Magic System and Passi and in the same month released a single Primus Diata Bawu (Werra Son Diata - JUGEMENT Primus - Merlin BOUTON) which introduced the young Merlin Bouton as a lead singer. Merlin displayed maturity of voice, hitting different notes throughout the song in a leading role. Merlin Bouton joined Wenge Musica Maison Merre in 2010. His next album "Techno Malewa Suit en Fin" was scheduled for release in July 2011. He later on did wonderful performances before he got an accident and was taken to India for treatment. Werrason organises a new album called Desert India Fletche Ingeta. Before the release of this, he released a short maxi single called satellite.
Early history: Werrason in Wenge Musica BCBG 4x5 Tout Terrain.
The early part of Werrason's musical career, starting from 1981 was spent in Wenge Musica BCBG 4x4 Tout Terrain, where he was the deputy band leader and the finance director. Initially, between 1981–1985, the band was like a holiday hobby for the members who were all students. In 1985 they begun to curtain raise for then big music performers before they decided to begin recording some of their compositions in 1986. Werrason's musical ability begun to show very early in Wenge Musica BCBG 4x4. In 1988, the band released an album, "Bouger Bouger" that topped charts in Congo for three years and propelled Werrason and his friends to national fame. In this five song album "Bouger Bouger" Werrason was credited with composing the song "Nicky D". The album had a theme chant called "mulolo", which was elected Song of the Year, but which until today it is not clear who between Werrason and JB Mpiana, composed though each of the two claim it was their original idea. In 1991 the group produced another master class titled'Kin e Bouge' an album that was voted 'Album of the Year 1991'. In it Werrason composed the song "Kaskin". However 1993 was the year that Werrason gained international recognition when he composed the song"Kala Yi Boeing", which was also the title of the group album, an album which received international acclaim. For ten years (between 1987 and 1997) the band enjoyed incredible success throughout Africa and Europe. As the deputy band leader of Wenge Musica 4x4 Tout Terrain Bon Chic Bon Genre, Werrason was credited with composition of key beats that took the African music scene by storm, bringing in great talents like Ferre Gola to the band and also his energy during live performances.
The split of Wenge Musica BCBG 4x4 Tout Terrain.
After the split of Wenge Musica BCBG 4x4, J.B Mpiana took with him most band members. These were Prince Alain Makaba, Blaise Bula, Alain Mpela, Aimélia Lias, Ficarra, Kusangila, Titina, Al Nzimbi, Theo Bidens, Burkina Faso Mboka Liya, Ekokota and Tutu Calugi. This split brought with it tension between JB Mpiana and Werrason's band. JB Mpiana was the first to release his album titled "Titanic" on whose cover jacket him and his associates are seen escaping with floaters from a large sinking ship. Observers were quick to link that "Titanic" to the big band that was the original Wenge Musica BCBG 4x4 which JB now considered a sinking ship. Werrason responded by releasing an album titled, "Force de Intervention Rapide". As per tradition of competition between the two, when Werrason released his second album, "Solola Bien" which in the local language meant ‘speak well’ JB Mpiana launched "TH" (meaning always humble) in an apparent reaction to Werason's growing success (and some say ego too). Whereas music rivalry is not a new thing, the musical rivalry between Werrason and JB Mpiana of Wenge Musica BCBG, and later with Koffi Olomide of Quarter Latin International has served to shape Werrason's approach to music. It has inspired him to always try to produce very high quality albums and better live shows so as to remain at the top musically.
Werrason's music awards.
WERRASON’S ACHIEVEMENTS AT KORA MUSIC AWARDS, SOUTH AFRICA
1. Best Artist Central Africa (2001)
2. Overall Best Male Artist (2001)
3. Finalist Best Arrangement (2002)
4. Best Artist Central Africa (2004)
5. Overall Best Male Artist (2004)
6. Nominated Best Artist (2005)
Charity.
Humanitarian action is part of Werrason’s life and personality. He could never be insensible to the misery of the Shegués (children of the streets) who consider him as their father. 
He dedicates a part of his income and spare time to schools, hospitals and prisons. He is also the founder of the charity the Werrason Foundation that currently welcome more than 400 “shegues”. The main goal of the foundation is not only to make sure those kids do not hang out in the street by providing them a roof and a warm meal but also social activities and education in order to prepare them to get back to a real social life.
The United Nations have awarded him with the title of "Universal Ambassador of Peace". 
In 2001, Werrason was received in audience by Pope John Paul II. 
Since then, he dedicates part of his time to all the UNESCO campaigns against AIDS and all sorts of discriminations.

</doc>
<doc id="19373997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19373997" title="Elevator">
Elevator

An elevator (or lift in British English) is a type of vertical transport equipment that efficiently moves people or goods between floors (levels, decks) of a building, vessel or other structure. Elevators are generally powered by electric motors that either drive traction cables or counterweight systems like a hoist, or pump hydraulic fluid to raise a cylindrical piston like a jack.
In agriculture and manufacturing, an elevator is any type of conveyor device used to lift materials in a continuous stream into bins or silos. Several types exist, such as the chain and bucket bucket elevator, grain auger screw conveyor using the principle of Archimedes' screw, or the chain and paddles/forks of hay elevators.
Languages other than English may have loanwords based on either "elevator" (e.g., Japanese and Korean) or "lift" (e.g., Cantonese and Russian).
Because of wheelchair access laws, elevators are often a legal requirement in new multistory buildings, especially where wheelchair ramps would be impractical.
History.
Pre-industrial era.
The first reference to an elevator is in the works of the Roman architect Vitruvius, who reported that Archimedes (c. 287 BC – c. 212 BC) built his first elevator probably in 236 BC. In some literary sources of later historical periods, elevators were mentioned as cabs on a hemp rope and powered by hand or by animals. It is supposed that elevators of this type were installed in the Sinai monastery of Egypt.
In 1000, the "Book of Secrets" by al-Muradi in Islamic Spain described the use of an elevator-like lifting device, in order to raise a large battering ram to destroy a fortress. In the 17th century the prototypes of elevators were located in the palace buildings of England and France.
Ancient and medieval elevators used drive systems based on hoists or winders. The invention of a system based on the screw drive was perhaps the most important step in elevator technology since ancient times, leading to the creation of modern passenger elevators. The first screw drive elevator was built by Ivan Kulibin and installed in Winter Palace in 1793. Several years later another of Kulibin's elevators was installed in Arkhangelskoye near Moscow.
Industrial era.
The development of elevators was led by the need for movement of raw materials including coal and lumber from hillsides. The technology developed by these industries and the introduction of steel beam construction worked together to provide the passenger and freight elevators in use today.
Starting in the coal mines, by the mid-19th century elevators were operated with steam power and were used for moving goods in bulk in mines and factories. These steam driven devices were soon being applied to a diverse set of purposes - in 1823, two architects working in London, Burton and Hormer, built and operated a novel tourist attraction, which they called the "ascending room". It elevated paying customers to a considerable height in the centre of London, allowing them a magnificent panoramic view of the city centre.
Early, crude steam-driven elevators were refined in the ensuing decade; - in 1835 an innovative elevator called the "Teagle" was developed by the company Frost and Stutt in England. The elevator was belt-driven and used a counterweight for extra power.
The hydraulic crane was invented by Sir William Armstrong in 1846, primarily for use at the Tyneside docks for loading cargo. These quickly supplanted the earlier steam driven elevators: exploiting Pascal's law, they provided a much greater force. A water pump supplied a variable level of water pressure to a plunger encased inside a vertical cylinder, allowing the level of the platform (carrying a heavy load) to be raised and lowered. Counterweights and balances were also used to increase the lifting power of the apparatus.
Henry Waterman of New York is credited with inventing the "standing rope control" for an elevator in 1850.
In 1845, the Neapolitan architect Gaetano Genovese realized in the Royal Palace of Caserta the "Flying Chair", a elevator ahead of its time, covered with chestnut wood outside and inside with maple wood, accompanied by a light, two benches and hand signal to the plan, and can be activated from the outside, without any effort on the part of the occupants. The traction was ensured by a motor mechanic with a complex of toothed wheels, and was equipped with a system to prevent the consequences of the splitting of the strings: the jaggies in iron plates along the walls between which is inserted a beam would be placed under railroad the cab and pushed outwards by a spring system in steel.
In 1852, Elisha Otis introduced the safety elevator, which prevented the fall of the cab if the cable broke. The design of the Otis safety elevator is somewhat similar to one type still used today. A governor device engages knurled roller(s), locking the elevator to its guides should the elevator descend at excessive speed. He demonstrated it at the New York exposition in the Crystal Palace in a dramatic, death-defying presentation in 1854, and the first such passenger elevator was installed at 488 Broadway in New York City on March 23, 1857.
The first elevator shaft preceded the first elevator by four years. Construction for Peter Cooper's Cooper Union Foundation building in New York began in 1853. An elevator shaft was included in the design, because Cooper was confident that a safe passenger elevator would soon be invented. The shaft was cylindrical because Cooper felt it was the most efficient design. Later, Otis designed a special elevator for the building. Today the Otis Elevator Company, now a subsidiary of United Technologies Corporation, is the world's largest manufacturer of vertical transport systems.
The Equitable Life Building completed in 1870 in New York City was the first office building to have passenger elevators.
The first electric elevator was built by Werner von Siemens in 1880 in Germany. The inventor Anton Freissler developed the ideas of von Siemens and built up a successful enterprise in Austria-Hungary. The safety and speed of electric elevators were significantly enhanced by Frank Sprague who added floor control, automatic elevators, acceleration control of cars, and safeties. His elevator ran faster and with larger loads than hydraulic or steam elevators, and 584 electric elevators were installed before Sprague sold his company to the Otis Elevator Company in 1895. Sprague also developed the idea and technology for multiple elevators in a single shaft.
In 1882, when hydraulic power was a well established technology, a company later named the London Hydraulic Power Company was formed. It constructed a network of high-pressure mains on both sides of the Thames which, ultimately, extended to 184 miles and powered some 8,000 machines, predominantly elevators (lifts) and cranes.
In 1874, J.W. Meaker patented a method which permitted elevator doors to open and close safely. In 1887, American Inventor Alexander Miles of Duluth, Minnesota patented an elevator with automatic doors that would close off the elevator shaft.
In 2000, the first vacuum elevator was offered commercially in Argentina 
Design.
Some people argue that elevators began as simple rope or chain hoists (see "Traction elevators" below). An elevator is essentially a platform that is either pulled or pushed up by a mechanical means. A modern day elevator consists of a cab (also called a "cage" or "car") mounted on a platform within an enclosed space called a shaft or sometimes a "hoistway". In the past, elevator drive mechanisms were powered by steam and water hydraulic pistons or by hand. In a "traction" elevator, cars are pulled up by means of rolling steel ropes over a deeply grooved pulley, commonly called a sheave in the industry. The weight of the car is balanced by a counterweight. Sometimes two elevators are built so that their cars always move synchronously in opposite directions, and are each other's counterweight.
The friction between the ropes and the pulley furnishes the traction which gives this type of elevator its name.
Hydraulic elevators use the principles of hydraulics (in the sense of hydraulic power) to pressurize an above ground or in-ground piston to raise and lower the car (see "Hydraulic elevators" below). Roped hydraulics use a combination of both ropes and hydraulic power to raise and lower cars. Recent innovations include permanent magnet motors, machine room-less rail mounted gearless machines, and microprocessor controls.
The technology used in new installations depends on a variety of factors. Hydraulic elevators are cheaper, but installing cylinders greater than a certain length becomes impractical for very-high lift hoistways. For buildings of much over seven storys, traction elevators must be employed instead. Hydraulic elevators are usually slower than traction elevators.
Elevators are a candidate for mass customization.
There are economies to be made from mass production of the components, but each building comes with its own requirements like different number of floors, dimensions of the well and usage patterns.
Elevator doors.
Elevator doors protect riders from falling into the shaft. The most common configuration is to have two panels that meet in the middle, and slide open laterally. In a cascading telescopic configuration (potentially allowing wider entryways within limited space), the doors run on independent tracks so that while open, they are tucked behind one another, and while closed, they form cascading layers on one side. This can be configured so that two sets of such cascading doors operate like the center opening doors described above, allowing for a very wide elevator cab. In less expensive installations the elevator can also use one large "slab" door: a single panel door the width of the doorway that opens to the left or right laterally. Some buildings have elevators with the single door on the shaft way, and double cascading doors on the cab.
Machine room-less (MRL) elevators.
Machine room-less elevators are designed so that most of the components fit within the shaft containing the elevator car; and a small cabinet houses the elevator controller. Other than the machinery being in the hoistway, the equipment is similar to a normal traction elevator. The benefits are:
Detriments
Facts
---national and local building codes did not address elevators without machine rooms. Residential MRL Elevators are still not allowed by the ASME A17 code in the US. MRL elevators have been recognized in the 2005 supplement to the 2004 A17.1 Elevator Code.
Elevator traffic calculations.
Round trip time calculations
The majority of elevator designs are developed from Up Peak Round Trip Time calculations as described in the following publications:-
CIBSE Guide D: Transportation Systems in Building
Elevator Traffic Handbook, Theory and Practice. Gina Barney
The Vertical Transportation Handbook. George Strakosch
Traditionally, these calculations have formed the basis of establishing the Handling Capacity of an elevator system.
Modern Installations with more complex elevator arrangements have led to the development of more specific formula such as the General Analysis calculation.
Subsequently this has been extended for Double Deck elevators.
Simulation
Elevator traffic simulation software can be used to model complex traffic patterns and elevator arrangements that cannot necessarily be analysed by RTT calculations.
Elevator traffic patterns
There are four main types of elevator traffic patterns that can be observed in most modern office installations. They are up peak traffic, down peak traffic, lunch time (two way) traffic and interfloor traffic.
Types of hoist mechanisms.
There are at least four means of moving an elevator:
Traction elevators.
Geared traction machines are driven by AC or DC electric motors. Geared machines use worm gears to control mechanical movement of elevator cars by "rolling" steel hoist ropes over a drive sheave which is attached to a gearbox driven by a high-speed motor. These machines are generally the best option for basement or overhead traction use for speeds up to . In order to allow accurate speed control of the motor, to allow accurate levelling and for passenger comfort, a DC hoist motor powered by an AC/DC motor-generator (MG) set was the preferred solution in high-traffic elevator installations for many decades. The MG set also typically powered the relay controller of the elevator, which has the added advantage of electrically isolating the elevators from the rest of a building's electrical system, thus eliminating the transient power spikes in the building's electrical supply caused by the motors starting and stopping (causing lighting to dim every time the elevators are used for example), as well as interference to other electrical equipment caused by the arcing of the relay contactors in the control system.
Contemporary cheaper installations, such as those in residential buildings and low-traffic commercial applications generally used a single or two-speed AC hoist machine. The widespread availability of cheap solid state AC drives has allowed infinitely variable speed AC motors to be used universally, bringing with it the advantages of the older motor-generator based systems, without the penalties in terms of efficiency and complexity. The older MG-based installations are gradually being replaced in older buildings due to their poor energy efficiency.
Gearless traction machines are low-speed (low-RPM), high-torque electric motors powered either by AC or DC. In this case, the drive sheave is directly attached to the end of the motor. Gearless traction elevators can reach speeds of up to , or even higher. A brake is mounted between the motor and drive sheave (or gearbox) to hold the elevator stationary at a floor. This brake is usually an external drum type and is actuated by spring force and held open electrically; a power failure will cause the brake to engage and prevent the elevator from falling (see inherent safety and safety engineering).
In each case, cables are attached to a hitch plate on top of the cab or may be "underslung" below a cab, and then looped over the drive sheave to a counterweight attached to the opposite end of the cables which reduces the amount of power needed to move the cab. The counterweight is located in the hoist-way and rides a separate railway system; as the car goes up, the counterweight goes down, and vice versa. This action is powered by the traction machine which is directed by the controller, typically a relay logic or computerized device that directs starting, acceleration, deceleration and stopping of the elevator cab. The weight of the counterweight is typically equal to the weight of the elevator cab plus 40-50% of the capacity of the elevator. The grooves in the drive sheave are specially designed to prevent the cables from slipping. "Traction" is provided to the ropes by the grip of the grooves in the sheave, thereby the name. As the ropes age and the traction grooves wear, some traction is lost and the ropes must be replaced and the sheave repaired or replaced. Sheave and rope wear may be significantly reduced by ensuring that all ropes have equal tension, thus sharing the load evenly. Rope tension equalization may be achieved using a rope tension gauge, and is a simple way to extend the lifetime of the sheaves and ropes.
Elevators with more than of travel have a system called compensation. This is a separate set of cables or a chain attached to the bottom of the counterweight and the bottom of the elevator cab. This makes it easier to control the elevator, as it compensates for the differing weight of cable between the hoist and the cab. If the elevator cab is at the top of the hoist-way, there is a short length of hoist cable above the car and a long length of compensating cable below the car and vice versa for the counterweight. If the compensation system uses cables, there will be an additional sheave in the pit below the elevator, to guide the cables. If the compensation system uses chains, the chain is guided by a bar mounted between the counterweight railway lines.
Hydraulic elevators.
The low mechanical complexity of hydraulic elevators in comparison to traction elevators makes them ideal for low rise, low traffic installations. They are less energy efficient as the pump works against gravity to push the car and its passengers upwards; this energy is lost when the car descends on its own weight. The high current draw of the pump when starting up also places higher demands on a building’s electrical system. There are also environmental concerns should either the lifting cylinder leak fluid into the ground.
The modern generation of low cost, machine room-less traction elevators made possible by advances in miniaturization of the traction motor and control systems challenges the supremacy of the hydraulic elevator in their traditional market niche.
Climbing elevator.
A climbing elevator is a self-ascending elevator with its own propulsion. The propulsion can be done by an electric or a combustion engine. Climbing elevators are used in guyed masts or towers, in order to make easy access to parts of these constructions, such as flight safety lamps for maintenance. An example would be the Moonlight towers in Austin, Texas, where the elevator holds only one person and equipment for maintenance. The Glasgow Tower — an observation tower in Glasgow, Scotland — also makes use of two climbing elevators.
Controlling elevators.
Early elevators had no automatic landing positioning. Elevators were operated by elevator operators using a motor controller. The controller was contained within a cylindrical container about the size and shape of a cake container and this was operated via a projecting handle. This allowed some control over the energy supplied to the motor (located at the top of the elevator shaft or beside the bottom of the elevator shaft) and so enabled the elevator to be accurately positioned — if the operator was sufficiently skilled. More typically the operator would have to "jog" the control to get the elevator reasonably close to the landing point and then direct the outgoing and incoming passengers to "watch the step". Some older freight elevators are controlled by switches operated by pulling on adjacent ropes. Safety interlocks ensure that the inner and outer doors are closed before the elevator is allowed to move. Most older manually controlled elevators have been retrofitted with automatic or semi-automatic controls.
Automatic elevators began to appear as early as the 1930s, their development being hastened by striking elevator operators which brought large cities dependent on skyscrapers (and therefore their elevators) such as New York and Chicago to their knees. These electromechanical systems used relay logic circuits of increasing complexity to control the speed, position and door operation of an elevator or bank of elevators. The Otis "Autotronic" system of the early 1950s brought the earliest predictive systems which could anticipate traffic patterns within a building to deploy elevator movement in the most efficient manner. Relay-controlled elevator systems remained common until the 1980s, and their gradual replacement with solid-state microprocessor based controls which are now the industry standard.
General controls.
A typical modern passenger elevator will have:
Some elevators may have one or more of the following:
Other controls, which are generally inaccessible to the public (either because they are key switches, or because they are kept behind a locked panel), include:
External controls.
Elevators are typically controlled from the outside by up and down buttons at each stop. When pressed at a certain floor, the elevator arrives to pick up more passengers. If the particular elevator is currently serving traffic in a certain direction, it will only answer hall calls in the same direction unless there are no more calls beyond that floor.
In a group of two or more elevators, the call buttons may be linked to a central dispatch computer, such that they illuminate and cancel together. This is done to ensure that only one car is called at one time.
Key switches may be installed on the ground floor so that the elevator can be remotely switched on or off from the outside.
In destination control systems, one selects the intended destination floor (in lieu of pressing ""up"" or ""down"") and is then notified which elevator will serve their request.
The elevator algorithm.
The elevator algorithm, a simple algorithm by which a single elevator can decide where to stop, is summarized as follows:
The elevator algorithm has found an application in computer operating systems as an algorithm for scheduling hard disk requests.
Modern elevators use more complex heuristic algorithms to decide which request to service next. An introduction to these algorithms can be found in the "Elevator traffic handbook: theory and practice" given in the references below.
Destination control system.
Some skyscraper buildings and other types of installation feature a destination operating panel where a passenger registers their floor calls before entering the car. The system lets them know which car to wait for, instead of everyone boarding the next car. In this way, travel time is reduced as the elevator makes fewer stops for individual passengers, and the computer distributes adjacent stops to different cars in the bank. Although travel time is reduced, passenger waiting times may be longer as they will not necessarily be allocated the next car to depart. During the down peak period the benefit of destination control will be limited as passengers have a common destination.
It can also improve accessibility, as a mobility-impaired passenger can move to his or her designated car in advance.
Inside the elevator there is no call button to push, or the buttons are there but they cannot be pushed — except door opening and alarm button — they only indicate stopping floors.
The idea of destination control was originally conceived by Leo Port from Sydney in 1961, but at that time elevator controllers were implemented in relays and were unable to optimise the performance of destination control allocations.
The system was first pioneered by Schindler Elevator in 1992 as the Miconic 10. Manufacturers of such systems claim that average traveling time can be reduced by up to 30%.
However, performance enhancements cannot be generalized as the benefits and limitations of the system are dependent on many factors. One problem is that the system is subject to gaming. Sometimes, one person enters the destination for a large group of people going to the same floor. The dispatching algorithm is usually unable to completely cater for the variation, and latecomers may find the elevator they are assigned to is already full. Also, occasionally, one person may press the floor multiple times. This is common with up/down buttons when people believe this to be an effective way to hurry elevators. However, this will make the computer think multiple people are waiting and will allocate empty cars to serve this one person.
To prevent this problem, in one implementation of destination control, every user gets an RFID card to identify himself, so the system knows every user call and can cancel the first call if the passenger decides to travel to another destination to prevent empty calls. The newest invention knows even where people are located and how many on which floor because of their identification, either for the purposes of evacuating the building or for security reasons.
The same destination scheduling concept can also be applied to public transit such as in group rapid transit.
Special operating modes.
Anti-crime protection.
The anti-crime protection (ACP) feature will force each car to stop at a pre-defined landing and open its doors. This allows a security guard or a receptionist at the landing to visually inspect the passengers. The car stops at this landing as it passes to serve further demand.
Up peak.
During up-peak mode (also called moderate incoming traffic), elevator cars in a group are recalled to the lobby to provide expeditious service to passengers arriving at the building, most typically in the morning as people arrive for work or at the conclusion of a lunch-time period. Elevators are dispatched one-by-one when they reach a pre-determined passenger load, or when they have had their doors opened for a certain period of time. The next elevator to be dispatched usually has its hall lantern or a "this car leaving next" sign illuminated to encourage passengers to make maximum use of the available elevator system capacity.
The commencement of up-peak may be triggered by a time clock, by the departure of a certain number of fully loaded cars leaving the lobby within a given time period, or by a switch manually operated by a building attendant.
Down peak.
During down-peak mode, elevator cars in a group are sent away from the lobby towards the highest floor served, after which they commence running down the floors in response to hall calls placed by passengers wishing to leave the building. This allows the elevator system to provide maximum passenger handling capacity for people leaving the building.
The commencement of down-peak may be triggered by a time clock, by the arrival of a certain number of fully loaded cars at the lobby within a given time period, or by a switch manually operated by a building attendant.
Sabbath service.
In areas with large populations of observant Jews or in facilities catering to Jews, one may find a "Sabbath elevator". In this mode, an elevator will stop automatically at every floor, allowing people to step on and off without having to press any buttons. This prevents violation of the Sabbath prohibition against operating electrical devices when Sabbath is in effect for those who observe this ritual.
However, Sabbath mode has the side effect of using considerable amounts of energy, running the elevator car sequentially up and down every floor of a building, repeatedly servicing floors where it is not needed. For a tall building with many floors, the car must move on a frequent enough basis so as to not cause undue delay for potential users that will not touch the controls as it opens the doors on every floor up the building.
Some taller buildings may have the Sabbath elevator alternate floors in order to save time and energy; for example, an elevator may stop at only even-numbered floors on the way up, and then the odd-numbered floors on the way down.
Independent service.
Independent service is a special service mode found on most elevators. It is activated by a key switch either inside the elevator itself or on a centralized control panel in the lobby. When an elevator is placed on independent service, it will no longer respond to hall calls. (In a bank of elevators, traffic is rerouted to the other elevators, while in a single elevator, the hall buttons are disabled). The elevator will remain parked on a floor with its doors open until a floor is selected and the door close button is held until the elevator starts to travel. Independent service is useful when transporting large goods or moving groups of people between certain floors.
Inspection service.
Inspection service is designed to provide access to the hoistway and car top for inspection and maintenance purposes by qualified elevator mechanics. It is first activated by a key switch on the car operating panel usually labeled 'Inspection', 'Car Top', 'Access Enable' or 'HWENAB'. When this switch is activated the elevator will come to a stop if moving, car calls will be canceled (and the buttons disabled), and hall calls will be assigned to other elevator cars in the group (or canceled in a single elevator configuration). The elevator can now only be moved by the corresponding 'Access' key switches, usually located at the highest (to access the top of the car) and lowest (to access the elevator pit) landings. The access key switches will allow the car to move at reduced inspection speed with the hoistway door open. This speed can range from anywhere up to 60% of normal operating speed on most controllers, and is usually defined by local safety codes.
Elevators have a car top inspection station that allows the car to be operated by a mechanic in order to move it through the hoistway. Generally, there are three buttons: UP, RUN, and DOWN. Both the RUN and a direction button must be held to move the car in that direction, and the elevator will stop moving as soon as the buttons are released. Most other elevators have an up/down toggle switch and a RUN button. The inspection panel also has standard power outlets for work lamps and powered tools.
Fire service.
Depending on the location of the elevator, fire service code will vary state to state and country to country. Fire service is usually split up into two modes: phase one and phase two. These are separate modes that the elevator can go into.
Phase one mode is activated by a corresponding smoke sensor or heat sensor in the building. Once an alarm has been activated, the elevator will automatically go into phase one. The elevator will wait an amount of time, then proceed to go into nudging mode to tell everyone the elevator is leaving the floor. Once the elevator has left the floor, depending on where the alarm was set off, the elevator will go to the fire-recall floor. However, if the alarm was activated on the fire-recall floor, the elevator will have an alternate floor to recall to. When the elevator is recalled, it proceeds to the recall floor and stops with its doors open. The elevator will no longer respond to calls or move in any direction. Located on the fire-recall floor is a fire-service key switch. The fire-service key switch has the ability to turn fire service off, turn fire service on or to bypass fire service. The only way to return the elevator to normal service is to switch it to bypass after the alarms have reset.
Phase-two mode can only be activated by a key switch located inside the elevator on the centralized control panel. This mode was created for firefighters so that they may rescue people from a burning building. The phase-two key switch located on the COP has three positions: off, on, and hold. By turning phase two on, the firefighter enables the car to move. However, like independent-service mode, the car will not respond to a car call unless the firefighter manually pushes and holds the door close button. Once the elevator gets to the desired floor it will not open its doors unless the firefighter holds the door open button. This is in case the floor is burning and the firefighter can feel the heat and knows not to open the door. The firefighter must hold door open until the door is completely opened. If for any reason the firefighter wishes to leave the elevator, they will use the hold position on the key switch to make sure the elevator remains at that floor. If the firefighter wishes to return to the recall floor, they simply turn the key off and close the doors.
Medical emergency/code-blue service.
Commonly found in hospitals, code-blue service allows an elevator to be summoned to any floor for use in an emergency situation. Each floor will have a code-blue recall key switch, and when activated, the elevator system will immediately select the elevator car that can respond the fastest, regardless of direction of travel and passenger load. Passengers inside the elevator will be notified with an alarm and indicator light to exit the elevator when the doors open.
Once the elevator arrives at the floor, it will park with its doors open and the car buttons will be disabled to prevent a passenger from taking control of the elevator. Medical personnel must then activate the code-blue key switch inside the car, select their floor and close the doors with the door close button. The elevator will then travel non-stop to the selected floor, and will remain in code-blue service until switched off in the car. Some hospital elevators will feature a 'hold' position on the code-blue key switch (similar to fire service) which allows the elevator to remain at a floor locked out of service until code blue is deactivated.
Emergency power operation.
Many elevator installations now feature emergency power systems which allow elevator use in blackout situations and prevent people from becoming trapped in elevators.
Traction elevators.
When power is lost in a traction elevator system, all elevators will initially come to a halt. One by one, each car in the group will return to the lobby floor, open its doors and shut down. People in the remaining elevators may see an indicator light or hear a voice announcement informing them that the elevator will return to the lobby shortly. Once all cars have successfully returned, the system will then automatically select one or more cars to be used for normal operations and these cars will return to service. The car(s) selected to run under emergency power can be manually overridden by a key or strip switch in the lobby. In order to help prevent entrapment, when the system detects that it is running low on power, it will bring the running cars to the lobby or nearest floor, open the doors and shut down.
Hydraulic elevators.
In hydraulic elevator systems, emergency power will lower the elevators to the lowest landing and open the doors to allow passengers to exit. The doors then close after an adjustable time period and the car remains unusable until reset, usually by cycling the elevator main power switch. Typically, due to the high current draw when starting the pump motor, hydraulic elevators are not run using standard emergency power systems. Buildings like hospitals and nursing homes usually size their emergency generators to accommodate this draw. However, the increasing use of current-limiting motor starters, commonly known as "soft-start" contactors, avoid much of this problem, and the current draw of the pump motor is less of a limiting concern.
Elevator modernization.
Most elevators are built to provide about 20 years of service, as long as service intervals specified and periodic maintenance/inspections by the manufacturer are followed. As the elevator ages and equipment become increasingly difficult to find or replace, along with code changes and deteriorating ride performance, a complete overhaul of the elevator may be suggested to the building owners.
A typical modernization consists of controller equipment, electrical wiring and buttons, position indicators and direction arrows, hoist machines and motors (including door operators), and sometimes door hanger tracks. Rarely are car slings, rails, or other heavy structures changed. The cost of an elevator modernization can range greatly depending on which type of equipment is to be installed.
Modernization can greatly improve operational reliability by replacing mechanical relays and contacts with solid-state electronics. Ride quality can be improved by replacing motor-generator-based drive designs with Variable-Voltage, Variable Frequency (V3F) drives, providing near-seamless acceleration and deceleration. Passenger safety is also improved by updating systems and equipment to conform to current codes.
Elevator safety.
Cable-borne elevators.
Statistically speaking, cable-borne elevators are extremely safe. Their safety record is unsurpassed by any other vehicle system. In 1998, it was estimated that approximately eight millionths of one percent (1 in 12 million) of elevator rides result in an anomaly, and the vast majority of these were minor things such as the doors failing to open. Of the 20 to 30 elevator-related deaths each year, most of them are maintenance-related — for example, technicians leaning too far into the shaft or getting caught between moving parts, and most of the rest are attributed to other kinds of accidents, such as people stepping blindly through doors that open into empty shafts or being strangled by scarves caught in the doors. In fact, prior to the September 11th terrorist attacks, the only known free-fall incident in a modern cable-borne elevator happened in 1945 when a B-25 bomber struck the Empire State Building in fog, severing the cables of an elevator cab, which fell from the 75th floor all the way to the bottom of the building, seriously injuring (though not killing) the sole occupant — the elevator operator. However, there was an incident in 2007 at a Seattle children's hospital, where a ThyssenKrupp ISIS machine-room-less elevator free-fell until the safety brakes were engaged. This was due to a flaw in the design where the cables were connected at one common point, and the kevlar ropes had a tendency to overheat and cause slipping (or, in this case, a free-fall). While it is possible (though extraordinarily unlikely) for an elevator's cable to snap, all elevators in the modern era have been fitted with several safety devices which prevent the elevator from simply free-falling and crashing. An elevator cab is typically borne by six or eight hoist cables, each of which is capable on its own of supporting the full load of the elevator plus twenty-five percent more weight. In addition, there is a device which detects whether the elevator is descending faster than its maximum designed speed; if this happens, the device causes copper brake shoes to clamp down along the vertical rails in the shaft, stopping the elevator quickly, but not so abruptly as to cause injury. This device is called the governor, and was invented by Elisha Graves Otis. In addition, a hydraulic buffer is installed at the bottom of the shaft to somewhat cushion any impact. However, In Thailand, in November 2012, a woman was killed in free falling elevator, in what was reported as the "first legally recognised death caused by a falling lift".
Hydraulic elevators.
Past problems with early hydraulic elevators meant those built prior to a code change in 1972 were subject to possible catastrophic failure. The code had previously required only single-bottom hydraulic cylinders. In the event of a cylinder breach, an uncontrolled fall of the elevator might result. Because it is impossible to verify the system completely without a pressurized casing (as described below), it is necessary to remove the piston to inspect it. The cost of removing the piston is such that it makes no economic sense to re-install the old cylinder; therefore it is necessary to replace the cylinder and install a new piston. Another solution to protect against a cylinder blowout is to install a "life jacket." This is a device which, in the event of an excessive downward speed, clamps onto the cylinder and stops the car. A device known as a rupture valve is often attached to the hydraulic inlet/outlet of the piston and can be adjusted for a maximum flow rate. If a pipe or hose were to break (rupture), the flow rate of the rupture valve will surpass a set limit and mechanically stop the outlet flow of hydraulic fluid, thus stopping the piston and the car in the down direction.
In addition to the safety concerns for older hydraulic elevators, there is risk of leaking hydraulic oil into the aquifer and causing potential environmental contamination. This has led to the introduction of PVC liners (casings) around hydraulic cylinders which can be monitored for integrity.
In the past decade, recent innovations in inverted hydraulic jacks have eliminated the costly process of drilling the ground to install a borehole jack. This also eliminates the threat of corrosion to the system and increases safety.
Mine-shaft elevators.
Safety testing of mine shaft elevator rails is routinely undertaken. The method involves destructive testing of a segment of the cable. The ends of the segment are frayed, then set in conical zinc molds. Each end of the segment is then secured in a large, hydraulic stretching machine. The segment is then placed under increasing load to the point of failure. Data about elasticity, load, and other factors is compiled and a report is produced. The report is then analyzed to determine whether or not the entire rail is safe to use.
Uses of elevators.
Passenger service.
A passenger elevator is designed to move people between a building's floors.
Passenger elevators capacity is related to the available floor space. Generally passenger elevators are available in capacities from in increments. Generally passenger elevators in buildings of eight floors or fewer are hydraulic or electric, which can reach speeds up to hydraulic and up to electric. In buildings up to ten floors, electric and gearless elevators are likely to have speeds up to , and above ten floors speeds range .
Sometimes passenger elevators are used as a city transport along with funiculars. For example, there is a 3-station underground public elevator in Yalta, Ukraine, which takes passengers from the top of a hill above the Black Sea on which hotels are perched, to a tunnel located on the beach below. At Casco Viejo station in the Bilbao Metro, the elevator that provides access to the station from a hilltop neighborhood doubles as city transportation: the station's ticket barriers are set up in such a way that passengers can pay to reach the elevator from the entrance in the lower city, or vice versa. See also the Elevators for urban transport section.
Types of passenger elevators.
Passenger elevators may be specialized for the service they perform, including: hospital emergency (Code blue), front and rear entrances, a television in high-rise buildings, double decker, and other uses. Cars may be ornate in their interior appearance, may have audio visual advertising, and may be provided with specialized recorded voice announcements. Elevators may also have loudspeakers in them to play calm, easy listening music. Such music is often referred to as elevator music.
An express elevator does not serve all floors. For example, it moves between the ground floor and a skylobby, or it moves from the ground floor or a skylobby to a range of floors, skipping floors in between. These are especially popular in eastern Asia.
Capacity.
Residential elevators may be small enough to only accommodate one person while some are large enough for more than a dozen.
Wheelchair, or platform elevators, a specialized type of elevator designed to move a wheelchair or less, can often accommodate just one person in a wheelchair at a time with a load of .
Freight elevators.
A freight elevator, or goods lift, is an elevator designed to carry goods, rather than passengers. Freight elevators are generally required to display a written notice in the car that the use by passengers is prohibited (though not necessarily illegal), though certain freight elevators allow dual use through the use of an inconspicuous riser. In order for an elevator to be legal to carry passengers in some jurisdictions it must have a solid inner door. Freight elevators are typically larger and capable of carrying heavier loads than a passenger elevator, generally from 2,300 to 4,500 kg. Freight elevators may have manually operated doors, and often have rugged interior finishes to prevent damage while loading and unloading. Although hydraulic freight elevators exist, electric elevators are more energy efficient for the work of freight lifting.
Sidewalk elevators.
A sidewalk elevator is a special type of freight elevator. Sidewalk elevators are used to move materials between a basement and a ground-level area, often the sidewalk just outside the building. They are controlled via an exterior switch and emerge from a metal trap door at ground level. Sidewalk elevator cars feature a uniquely shaped top that allows this door to open and close automatically.
Stage elevators.
Stage and orchestra elevator are specialized elevators, typically powered by hydraulics, that are used to lift entire sections of a theater stage. For example, Radio City Music Hall has four such elevators: an "orchestra elevator" that covers a large area of the stage, and three smaller elevators near the rear of the stage. In this case, the orchestra elevator is powerful enough to raise an entire orchestra, or an entire cast of performers (including live elephants) up to stage level from below.
Vehicle elevators.
Vehicular elevators are used within buildings or areas with limited space (in lieu of ramps), typically to move cars into the parking garage or manufacturer's storage. Geared hydraulic chains (not unlike bicycle chains) generate lift for the platform and there are no counterweights. To accommodate building designs and improve accessibility, the platform may rotate so that the driver only has to drive forward. Most vehicle elevators have a weight capacity of 2 tons.
Rare examples of extra-heavy elevators for 20-ton lorries, and even for railcars (like one that was used at Dnipro Station of the Kiev Metro) also occur.
Boat elevators.
In some smaller canals, boats and small ships can pass between different levels of a canal with a boat elevator rather than through a canal lock.
Aircraft elevators.
Elevators for aircraft.
On aircraft carriers, elevators carry aircraft between the flight deck and the hangar deck for operations or repairs. These elevators are designed for much greater capacity than other elevators, up to of aircraft and equipment. Smaller elevators lift munitions to the flight deck from magazines deep inside the ship.
Elevators within aircraft.
On some passenger double-deck aircraft such as the Boeing 747 or other widebody aircraft, elevators transport flight attendants and food and beverage trolleys from lower deck galleys to upper passenger carrying decks.
Limited use / limited application.
The limited-use, limited-application (LU/LA) elevator is a special purpose passenger elevator used infrequently, and which is exempt from many commercial regulations and accommodations. For example, a LU/LA is primarily meant to be handicapped accessible, and there might only be room for a single wheelchair and a standing passenger.
Residential elevator.
A residential elevator is often permitted to be of lower cost and complexity than full commercial elevators. They may have unique design characteristics suited for home furnishings, such as hinged wooden shaft-access doors rather than the typical metal sliding doors of commercial elevators. Construction may be less robust than in commercial designs with shorter maintenance periods, but safety systems such as locks on shaft access doors, fall arrestors, and emergency phones must still be present in the event of malfunction.
The American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) has a specific section of Safety Code (ASME A17.1 Section 5.3) which addresses Residential Elevators. This section allows for different parameters to alleviate design complexity based on the limited use of a residential elevator by a specific user or user group. Section 5.3 of the ASME A17.1 Safety Code is for Private Residence Elevators, which does not include multi-family dwellings.
Some types of residential elevators do not use a traditional elevator shaft, machine room, and elevator hoistway. This allows an elevator to be installed where a traditional elevator may not fit, and simplifies installation. The ASME board first approved machine-room-less systems in a revision of the ASME A17.1 in 2007. Machine-room-less elevators have been available commercially since the mid 1990s, however cost and overall size prevented their adoption to the residential elevator market until around 2010.
Dumbwaiter.
Dumbwaiters are small freight elevators that are intended to carry food rather than passengers. They often link kitchens with rooms on other floors.
Paternoster.
A special type of elevator is the paternoster, a constantly moving chain of boxes. A similar concept, called the manlift or humanlift, moves only a small platform, which the rider mounts while using a handhold and was once seen in multi-story industrial plants.
Scissor lift.
The scissor lift is yet another type of lift. These are usually mobile work platforms that can be easily moved to where they are needed. The mechanism that makes them go up and down is like that of a scissor jack.
Rack-and-pinion elevator.
Rack-and-pinion elevator are powered by a motor driving a pinion gear. Because they can be installed on a building or structure's exterior and there is no machine room or hoistway required, they are the most used type of elevator for buildings under construction (to move materials and tools up and down).
Material handling belts and belt elevators.
Material transport elevator generally consist of an inclined plane on which a conveyor belt runs. The conveyor often includes partitions to ensure the material moves forwards. These elevators are often used in industrial and agricultural applications. When such mechanisms (or spiral screws or pneumatic transport) are used to elevate grain for storage in large vertical silos, the entire structure is called a grain elevator. Belt elevators are often used in docks for loading loose materials such as coal, iron ore and grain into the holds of bulk carriers
There have occasionally been belt lifts for humans; these typically have steps about every along the length of the belt, which moves vertically, so that the passenger can stand on one step and hold on to the one above. These belts are sometimes used, for example, to carry the employees of parking garages, but are considered too dangerous for public use.
Elevator convenience features.
Elevators may feature talking devices as an accessibility aid for the blind. In addition to floor arrival notifications, the computer announces the direction of travel, and notifies the passengers before the doors are to close.
In addition to the call buttons, elevators usually have floor indicators (often illuminated by LED) and direction lanterns. The former are almost universal in cab interiors with more than two stops and may be found outside the elevators as well on one or more of the floors. Floor indicators can consist of a dial with a rotating needle, but the most common types are those with successively illuminated floor indications or LCDs. Likewise, a change of floors or an arrival at a floor is indicated by a sound, depending on the elevator.
Direction lanterns are also found both inside and outside elevator cars, but they should always be visible from outside because their primary purpose is to help people decide whether or not to get on the elevator. If somebody waiting for the elevator wants to go up, but a car comes first that indicates that it is going down, then the person may decide not to get on the elevator. If the person waits, then one will still stop going up. Direction indicators are sometimes etched with arrows or shaped like arrows and/or use the convention that one that lights up red means "down" and green means "up". Since the color convention is often undermined or overridden by systems that do not invoke it, it is usually used only in conjunction with other differentiating factors. An example of a place whose elevators use only the color convention to differentiate between directions is the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago, where a single circle can be made to light up green for "up" and red for "down". Sometimes directions must be inferred by the position of the indicators relative to one another.
In addition to lanterns, most elevators have a chime to indicate if the elevator is going up or down either before or after the doors open, usually in conjunction with the lanterns lighting up. Universally, one chime is for up, two is for down, and none indicates an elevator that is 'free'.
Observatory service elevators often convey other facts of interest, including elevator speed, stopwatch, and current position (altitude), as with the case for Taipei 101's service elevators.
Elevator air conditioning.
Concept.
Elevator air conditioning is fast becoming a popular concept around the world. The primary reason for installing an elevator air conditioner is the comfort that it provides while traveling in the elevator. It stabilizes the condition of the air inside the elevator car. Some elevator air conditioners can be used in countries with cold climates if a thermostat is used to reverse the refrigeration cycle to warm the elevator car.
Health.
One of the benefits of installing an elevator air conditioner is the clean air it provides.
Air has typically been drawn from the elevator shaft or hoistway into the car using a motorized fan, which may not be especially clean air. With an elevator air conditioner, the air is much cleaner because it is recirculated within the car itself and is usually filtered to remove contaminants. A poorly maintained air-conditioning system may promote the growth and spread of microorganisms, but as long as the air conditioner is kept clean, these health hazards can be avoided.
Drawbacks.
Heat generated from the cooling process is dissipated into the hoistway. The elevator cab (or car) is ordinarily not air-tight, and some of this heat may reenter the car and reduce the overall cooling effect.
Energy.
The air from the lobby constantly leaks into the elevator shaft due to elevator movements as well as elevator shaft ventilation requirements. Using this conditioned air in the elevator does not increase energy costs. However, by using an independent elevator air conditioner to achieve better temperature control inside the car, more energy will be used.
Condensation.
Air conditioning poses a problem to elevators because of the condensation that occurs. The condensed water produced has to be disposed of; otherwise, it would create flooding in the elevator car and hoistway.
Methods of removing condensed water.
There are at least four ways to remove condensed water from the air conditioner. However, each solution has its pros and cons.
Atomizing.
Atomizing, also known as misting the condensed water, is another way to dispose of the condensed water. Spraying ultra-fine water droplets onto the hot coils of the air conditioner ensures that the condensed water evaporates quickly.
Though this is one of the best methods to dispose of the condensed water, it is also one of the costliest because the nozzle that atomizes the water easily gets choked. The majority of the cost goes to maintaining the entire atomizing system.
Boiling.
Disposing of condensed water works by firstly collecting the condensed water and then heating it to above boiling point. The condensed water is eventually evaporated, thereby disposing of it.
Consumers are reluctant to employ this system because of the high rate of energy used just to dispose of this water.
Cascading.
The cascading method works by flowing the condensed water directly onto the hot coils of the air conditioner. This eventually evaporates the condensed water.
The downside of this technology is that the coils have to be at extremely high temperature for the condensed water to be evaporated. There is a chance that the water might not evaporate entirely and that would cause water to overflow onto the exterior of the car.
Drainage system.
Drainage system works by creating a sump to collect the condensed water and using a pump to dispose it through a drainage system.
It is an efficient method, but it comes at a heavy price because the cost of building the sump. Moreover, maintaining the pump to make sure it operates is very expensive. Furthermore, the pipes used for drainage would look ugly on the exterior. This system also cannot be implemented on a built project.
Standards.
The mechanical and electrical design of elevators is dictated according to various standards (aka elevator codes), which may be international, national, state, regional or city based. Whereas once many standards were prescriptive, specifying exact criteria which must be complied with, there has recently been a shift towards more performance-based standards where the onus falls on the designer to ensure that the elevator meets or exceeds the standard.
Some of the national elevator standards include:
Because an elevator is part of a building, it must also comply with standards relating to earthquake resilience, fire standards, electrical wiring rules and so forth.
The American National Elevator Standards Group (ANESG) sets an elevator weight standard to be .
Additional requirements relating to access by disabled persons, may be mandated by laws or regulations such as the Americans with Disabilities Act.
U.S. and Canadian elevator standard specifics.
In most US and Canadian jurisdictions, passenger elevators are required to conform to the American Society of Mechanical Engineers' Standard A17.1, Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators. As of 2006, all states except Kansas, Mississippi, North Dakota, and South Dakota have adopted some version of ASME codes, though not necessarily the most recent. In Canada the document is the CAN/CSA B44 Safety Standard, which was harmonized with the US version in the 2000 edition. In addition, passenger elevators may be required to conform to the requirements of A17.3 for existing elevators where referenced by the local jurisdiction. Passenger elevators are tested using the ASME A17.2 Standard. The frequency of these tests is mandated by the local jurisdiction, which may be a town, city, state or provincial standard.
Passenger elevators must also conform to many ancillary building codes including the Local or State building code, National Fire Protection Association standards for Electrical, Fire Sprinklers and Fire Alarms, Plumbing codes, and HVAC codes. Also, passenger elevators are required to conform to the Americans with Disabilities Act and other State and Federal civil rights legislation regarding accessibility.
Residential elevators are required to conform to ASME A17.1. Platform and Wheelchair lifts are required to comply with ASME A18.1 in most US jurisdictions.
Most elevators have a location in which the permit for the building owner to operate the elevator is displayed. While some jurisdictions require the permit to be displayed in the elevator cab, other jurisdictions allow for the operating permit to be kept on file elsewhere – such as the maintenance office – and to be made available for inspection on demand. In such cases instead of the permit being displayed in the elevator cab, often a notice is posted in its place informing riders of where the actual permits are kept.
Unique elevator installations.
World statistics.
As of January 2008, Italy is the nation with the most elevators installed in the world, with 850,000 elevators installed that run more than one hundred million lifts every day, followed by United States with 700,000 elevators installed and China with 610,000 elevators installed since 1949. In Brazil, it is estimated that there are approximately 300,000 elevators currently in operation. The world's largest market for elevators is Italy, with more than 1,629 million euros of sales and 1,224 million euros of internal market.
In Spain, the elevators in maintenance, invoice € 4.mil mill a year and € 250 mill in repairs, followed by € 300 mill in export-2012.
The existing building market in Spain is 25 mill, with Law 8/2013, of 26 June, rehabilitation, regeneration and renovation of existing buildings, this law is anticipated that boost the installation of 700,000 new elevators in buildings existing without elevator in the next few years.
Eiffel Tower.
The Eiffel Tower has Otis double-deck elevators built into the legs of the tower, serving the ground level to the first and second levels. Even though the shaft runs diagonally upwards with the contour of the tower, both the upper and lower cars remain horizontally level. The offset distance of the two cars changes throughout the journey.
There are four elevator cars of the traditional design that run from the second level to the third level. The cars are connected to their opposite pairs (opposite in the elevator landing/hall) and use each other as the counterweight. As one car ascends from level 2, the other descends from level 3. The operations of these elevators are synchronized by a light signal in the car.
Taipei 101.
Double deck elevators are used in the Taipei 101 office tower. Tenants of even-numbered floors first take an escalator (or an elevator from the parking garage) to the 2nd level, where they will enter the upper deck and arrive at their floors. The lower deck is turned off during low-volume hours, and the upper deck can act as a single-level elevator stopping at all adjacent floors. For example, the 85th floor restaurants can be accessed from the 60th floor sky-lobby. Restaurant customers must clear their reservations at the reception counter on the 2nd floor. A bank of express elevators stop only on the sky lobby levels (36 and 60, upper-deck car), where tenants can transfer to "local" elevators.
The high-speed observation deck elevators accelerate to a world-record certified speed of in 16 seconds, and then it slows down for arrival with subtle air pressure sensations. The door opens after 37 seconds from the 5th floor. Special features include aerodynamic car and counterweights, and cabin pressure control to help passengers adapt smoothly to pressure changes. The downwards journey is completed at a reduced speed of 600 meters per minute, with the doors opening at the 52nd second.
The Gateway Arch.
The Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, has a unique elevator system which carries passengers from the visitors' center underneath the Arch to the observation deck at the top of the structure.
Called a "tram" or "tramway", people enter this unique tramway much as one would enter an ordinary elevator, through double doors. Passing through the doors the passengers in small groups enter a horizontal cylindrical compartment containing seats on each side and a flat floor. A number of these compartments are linked to form a train. These compartments each individually retain an appropriate level orientation by tilting while the entire train follows curved tracks up one leg of the arch.
There are two tramways within the Arch, one at the north end, and the other at the south end. The entry doors have windows, so people traveling within the Arch are able to see the interior structure of the Arch during the ride to and from the observation deck. At the beginning of the trip the cars hang from the drive cables, but as the angle of the shaft changes, they end up beside and then on top of the cables.
New City Hall, Hanover, Germany.
The elevator in the New City Hall in Hanover, Germany, is a technical rarity, and unique in Europe, as the elevator starts straight up but then changes its angle by 15 degrees to follow the contour of the dome of the hall. The cabin therefore tilts 15 degrees during the ride. The elevator travels a height of 43 meters. The new city hall was built in 1913. The elevator was destroyed in 1943 and rebuilt in 1954.
Luxor incline elevator.
The Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, has inclined elevators. The shape of this casino is a pyramid. Therefore, the elevator travels up the side of the pyramid at a 39-degree angle. Other locations with inclined elevators include the Cityplace Station in Dallas, Texas, the Huntington Metro Station in Huntington, Virginia, and the San Diego Convention Center in San Diego, California.
Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.
The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror is the common name for a series of elevator attractions at the Disney's Hollywood Studios park in Orlando, the Disney California Adventure Park park in Anaheim, the Walt Disney Studios Park in Paris and the Tokyo DisneySea park in Tokyo. The central element of this attraction is a simulated free-fall achieved through the use of a high-speed elevator system. For safety reasons, passengers are seated and secured in their seats rather than standing. Unlike most traction elevators, the elevator car and counterweight are joined using a rail system in a continuous loop running through both the top and the bottom of the drop shaft. This allows the drive motor to pull down on the elevator car from underneath, resulting in downward acceleration greater than that of normal gravity. The high-speed drive motor is used to rapidly lift the elevator as well.
The passenger cabs are mechanically separated from the lift mechanism, thus allowing the elevator shafts to be used continuously while passengers board and embark from the cabs. Multiple elevator shafts are used to further improve passenger throughput. The doorways of the top few "floors" of the attraction are open to the outdoor environment, thus allowing passengers to look out from the top of the structure.
"Top of the Rock" elevators.
Guests ascending to the 67th, 69th, and 70th level observation decks (dubbed "Top of the Rock") atop the GE Building at Rockefeller Center in New York City ride a high-speed glass-top elevator. When entering the cab, it appears to be any normal elevator ride. However, once the cab begins moving, the interior lights turn off and a special blue light above the cab turns on. This lights the entire shaft, so riders can see the moving cab through its glass ceiling as it rises and lowers through the shaft. Music plays and various animations are also displayed on the ceiling. The entire ride takes about 60 seconds.
The Haunted Mansion.
Part of the Haunted Mansion attraction at Disneyland in Anaheim, California, and Disneyland in Paris, France, takes place on an elevator. The "stretching room" on the ride is actually an elevator that travels downwards, giving access to a short underground tunnel which leads to the rest of the attraction. The elevator has no ceiling and its shaft is decorated to look like walls of a mansion. Because there is no roof, passengers are able to see the walls of the shaft by looking up, which gives the illusion of the room stretching.
Elevators for urban transport.
In some towns where terrain is difficult to navigate, elevators are used as part of urban transport systems.
Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="19374021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374021" title="Canton of Le Grand-Quevilly">
Canton of Le Grand-Quevilly

The Canton of Grand-Quevilly is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of light industry and manufacturing situated on the left bank of the Seine, immediately south of Rouen in the arrondissement of Rouen, centred on the town of Le Grand-Quevilly. The altitude varies from 1m to 68m with an average altitude of 60m.
Composition.
The Canton of Grand-Quevilly comprises just one commune (Le Grand-Quevilly) with a total of 26,679 inhabitants (1999 census, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19374048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374048" title="Hemaris gracilis">
Hemaris gracilis

The Slender Clearwing or Graceful Clearwing ("Hemaris gracilis") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to central Florida along the East Coast and west through New England to Michigan to Saskatchewan.
The wingspan is 40–45 mm. It can be distinguished from similar species by a pair of red-brown bands on the sides of the thorax, which vary from green to yellow-green dorsally and sometimes brown with white underneath. They have a red abdomen. The wings are transparent with reddish brown borders. The outer edge of the forewing transparent area is even and the forewing cell has a median row of scales. There are probably two generations per year with adults on wing from March to August. They feed on the nectar of various flowers, including "Pontederia cordata", "Rubus" species, "Taraxacum officinale", "Hieracium aurantiacum", and "Phlox" species.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Vaccinium vacillans" and "Kalmia" species. Pupation takes place in a thin walled cocoon under leaf litter.

</doc>
<doc id="19374049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374049" title="DR Class 22">
DR Class 22

The steam locomotives of DR Class 22 were reconstructed passenger train locomotives in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the Second World War.
These engines were rebuilt from DRG Class 39.0-2 locomotives and appeared between 1958 and 1962 as part of the reconstruction programme. The latter had a significant problem: the boiler did not generate enough steam and the steam pipes were too winding, which considerably reduced the maximum power of the engine. A total of 85 examples were equipped with a new combustion-chambered boiler with an "IfS" mixer-preheater. The locomotive frame had to be extended to accommodate the new engine. The wider outer firebox meant that the driver's cab needed a modified rear wall. The locomotives were given operating numbers 22 001–085 and were mainly homed in the Reichsbahn divisions of Dresden and Erfurt.
The DR employed the locomotives on heavy express train duties in the schedules for the DRG Class 01, which led to overloading of the original components (frame cracks, piston damage). As a result, early retirement followed.
In 1968, 50 of the 85 "Reko" boilers from the Class 22 were used for the reconstruction of the DRG Class 03.
In 1970 the engines were allocated to Class 39 under the DR's new computerised numbering scheme. However in 1970 only a few machines were still working, at Halberstadt and Saalfeld. In 1971 the last one was withdrawn. Up to the early 1990s, nine engines were used as steam generators.
The vehicles were equipped with 2'2' T 32 or 2'2' T 34 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="19374058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374058" title="USNS Sgt. Archer T. Gammon (T-AK-243)">
USNS Sgt. Archer T. Gammon (T-AK-243)

USNS "Sgt. Archer T. Gammon" (T-AK-243) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship built at the end of World War II and served the war and its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel. From 1946 to 1950 she served the U.S. Army as a transport named USAT Sgt. "Archer T. Gammon". In 1950 she was acquired by the United States Navy and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service. In 1973 she ended her career and was struck and scrapped.
Victory ship built in California.
"Sgt. Archer T. Gammon" was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract as "Yale Victory" (MCV hull 725) on 13 December 1944 by the Permanente Metals Corporation, Richmond, California; launched on 31 January 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Richard W. Owens; and delivered to the U.S. Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administration (WSA) on 24 February for operation by the Olympic Steamship Company.
U.S. Army service.
On 18 June 1946, "Yale Victory" was transferred to the U.S. Army and commenced operations between San Francisco, California, and the Far East. Six months later, she changed her home port to Seattle, Washington; and, 31 October 1947, she was renamed "Sgt. Archer T. Gammon". Two years later, the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) was established; and, in March 1950, the cargo ship was transferred to the Navy for use in that organization and was placed in service as USNS "Sgt. Archer T. Gammon" (T-AK-243).
Service with the MSTS.
During the early 1950s, she operated out of Seattle to Japan, Korea and Alaska. After the end of the Korean War, her range was extended. In the mid and late 1950s, she operated out of San Francisco to central and western Pacific Ocean ports and, during the periods of conflict in the Middle East, to Caribbean and western and eastern Atlantic Ocean areas. 
In 1961, administrative control of the ship was transferred to MSTS, Atlantic, at New York City; and, since that time, "Sgt. Archer T. Gammon" continued to carry cargo for the Navy's transportation service, since renamed the Military Sealift Command, until the spring of 1973 when she was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration for disposal
Decommissioning.
Her name was struck from the Navy List on 1 May 1973, and her hulk was sold to Chi Shun Hua Steel Co., Ltd., of Kaohsiung, Taiwan, on 19 November 1973.
Honors and awards.
Qualified vessel personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19374092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374092" title="Pemberton Rail-Trail">
Pemberton Rail-Trail

The Pemberton Rail-Trail is a rail trail in Pemberton, New Jersey. 
It occupies a abandoned rail corridor in Burlington County, New Jersey, 
that extends from Hanover Street in Pemberton to Birmingham Road in 
Juliustown, New Jersey.
The trail surface is stone dust, typical of rail-trail construction.
The Kinkora-Pemberton rail-trail is planned to extend the Pemberton rail-trail 
to Florence Township, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19374123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374123" title="James Ewing">
James Ewing

James Ewing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19374128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374128" title="Funkite">
Funkite

Funkites (1778 to c.1850) were a group of Mennonite (Anabaptist) followers that splintered from mainstream Mennonites as the result of a schism caused by Bishop Christian Funk.
The Funkite congregation formed during the late 18th century when the colonies were building support to separate from English rule. A Mennonite Bishop, Christian Funk of Franconia Township, Pennsylvania, spoke in favor of supporting the movement. Bishop Funk realized that Mennonites as well as other Anabaptist departed Europe due to religious persecution, and he feared that if this new country would fall under European rule that religious persecution would continue. He preached that Mennonites should stand up to support revolution against European rule and dominance. Otherwise everything they gained might be lost. This went against the doctrines held by Mennonites of non-violence, pacifism, and swearing oath of allegiance. Another issue which Funk advocated was the support of the revolutionary war tax. Again this was contrary to Mennonite doctrines
In an effort to break away from English dominance and in supporting religious freedom in the colonies, Bishop Funk stated that Mennonites should pay the war tax. Fellow Bishops tried to change Funk’s mind but failed. Funk’s refusal resulted in being ordered to step down as Bishop. Unable to accept this decision, Funk was excommunicated in 1778. He and approximately 52 of his followers splintered from the main congregation and formed a separate Mennonite group known as Funkites. This was the first schism among the Mennonites in America.
This was quite a serious turning point for the Mennonite religion and culture in the new world. Never before did anything so serious cause a break-up of the church, and among Mennonites who had suffered persecution together in Germany and Switzerland, not too many years earlier.
On Bishop Christian Funk’s death in 1811 the congregation continued to worship in four locations near Evansburg, Lower Providence Township, Pennsylvania until 1850 when the last of the Funkites died out. A memorial to Christian Funk is located at the Funkite Cemetery near Evansburg, Pennsylvania. The cemetery contains 32 markers, the earliest dating from 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="19374134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374134" title="West African Development Bank">
West African Development Bank

The West African Development Bank - WADB (fr. Banque Ouest Africaine de Développement - BOAD / pt. Banco de Desenvolvimento do Oeste Africano - BDOA) is an international Multilateral Development Bank established in 1973 to serve the nations of Francophone and Lusophone West Africa. The BOAD is organised by the Central Bank of West African States and its eight member governments: Benin, Burkina-Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Guinea Bissau, Mali, Niger, Senegal and Togo. It is funded by member states, foreign governments and international agencies. Its headquarters are in Lomé, Togo. 
Creation.
The BOAD was created 14 November 1973 by member states of the West African Monetary Union (WAMU). The original charter focused on development of member economies towards balanced development and to prepare economies for future West African economic integration. In 1994, it became the development arm of the West African Economic and Monetary Union (WAEMU/UEMOA).
Structure.
Since that time several international organisations have become members of the bank, adding funding and sitting on the board. These include The African Development Bank, the European Investment Bank, the Export and Import Bank of India (Exim Bank), and the People's Bank of China. The president of the bank's board is chosen by the heads of state of UEMOA, and since January 2008, Abdoulaye Bio-Tchane. The Bank's day to day operations are carried out by the President and the Bank adminmanager, cabinet, directorships of departments based in Lome, and mission offices based in the member nations. 
Mission.
The BOAD released a revised mission statement in 2001, refocusing their funding on three development goals: poverty reduction, economic integration and promotion of private sector activity. The bank disburses long- and medium-term loans, previously available only to BOAD member governments and public institutions, are since 2002 also offered to private businesses involved in development projects of regional importance as well as lines of credit to finance Micro-credit projects and small to medium private enterprises. The BOAD also funds debt-relief programs to member governments with the agreement that funds are instead diverted to health programmes particularly those dealing with HIV/AIDS, education and infrastructure improvements.
Headquarters.
The bank is headquartered in Lome, Togo, in a seven-story modernist building designed by the French architects Durand, Menard, and Thiebault in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19374170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374170" title="Timeline of numerals and arithmetic">
Timeline of numerals and arithmetic

A timeline of numerals and arithmetic

</doc>
<doc id="19374175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374175" title="Bridge (instrument)">
Bridge (instrument)

A bridge is a device for supporting the strings on a stringed instrument and transmitting the vibration of those strings to some other structural component of the instrument in order to transfer the sound to the surrounding air.
Explanation.
Most stringed instruments produce their sound through the application of energy to the strings, which sets them into vibratory motion. 
The strings alone, however, produce only a faint sound because they displace only a small volume of air as they vibrate. 
Consequently, the sound of the strings alone requires impedance matching to the surrounding air by transmitting their vibrations to a larger surface area capable of displacing larger volumes of air (and thus producing louder sounds). 
This calls for an arrangement that allows for the strings to vibrate freely, but also conducts those vibrations efficiently to the larger surface. 
A bridge is the customary means by which this is accomplished.
Positioning.
Typically, the bridge is placed perpendicular to the strings and larger surface (which are roughly parallel to one another) with the tension of the strings pressing down on the bridge and thus on the larger surface beneath it. 
That larger, more acoustically responsive surface may be coupled to a sound chamber — an enclosure such as the body of a guitar or violin — that assists in sound amplification. 
Depending on the type of stringed instrument, the resonant surface the bridge rests on may be made of wood, as the top plate of a guitar or violin; of calfskin or plastic, as the head of a banjo; of metal, as on certain types of resophonic fretted instruments; or of virtually any material that vibrates sympathetically with the strings. 
Construction.
Bridges may consist of a single piece of material, most commonly wood, that fits between the strings and the resonant surface. 
Alternatively, a bridge may consist of multiple parts. 
One common form is a bridge that incorporates a separate bearing surface on which the strings rest, termed a "saddle". This is often of a material harder than the bridge itself, such as bone, ivory, high-density plastic, or metal. 
A classical guitar uses a saddle which sits loosely in the hardwood bridge and is kept there by string tension. The saddle has shallow grooves in it, at least for the treble strings, to prevent them moving around during hard playing.
Yet another type of multipart bridge is common on instruments whose sound plate is curved rather than flat. 
Instruments of this type, such as arch-top guitars and mandolins, often have a bridge comprising a base and a separate saddle that can be adjusted for height. 
On classical and flat-top guitars the bridge is glued to the top. 
Where it held on to the top by string tension, as in archtop guitars, it is known as a floating bridge, and requires a separate tailpiece.
Operation.
The bridge must transfer vibration to the sound board or other amplifying surface. 
As the strings are set in motion, it does this by bending to and fro along the string direction at twice the rate of the string vibration. 
This causes the sounding board to vibrate at the same frequency as the string producing a wave-like motion and an audible sound.
Bridges are designed to hold the strings at a suitable height above the fingerboard of the instrument. 
The ideal bridge height is one that creates sufficient angularity in the string to create enough down force to drive the top but places the strings sufficiently close to the fingerboard to make noting the strings easy. 
Bridge height may be fixed or alterable.
In addition to supporting the strings and transmitting their vibrations, the bridge also controls the spacing of the strings from one another. 
This is accomplished by shallow grooves cut in the bridge or its saddle. 
The strings sit in those grooves and thus are held in their proper lateral position. 
The nut, situated at the opposite end of the instrument from the bridge or tailpiece (typically where the head holding the tuning pegs joins the fingerboard), serves a similar string-spacing function at the strings' other end.
Electric guitar bridges.
Bridges for electric guitars can be divided into two main groups, "vibrato" and "non-vibrato" (also called hard-tail). 
Vibrato bridges have an arm (called the vibrato or whammy bar) that extends from below the string anchoring point. 
It acts as a lever that the player can push or pull to change the strings tension and, as a result, the pitch. 
This means that this type of bridge produces a vibrato rather than what some call to be tremolo, but the term 'tremolo' is deeply entrenched in popular usage and some use the word tremolo over vibrato. 
Non-vibrato bridges supply an anchoring point for the strings but provide no active control over string tension or pitch. A small group of tremolo bridges has an extended tail (also called longtail). 
These guitars have more reverb in their sound, because of the string resonance behind the bridge. 
The Fender Jaguar is a famous example of such a guitar. 
All bridges have advantages, depending on the playing style, but, in general, a non-tremolo bridge is thought to provide better tuning stability and a solid contact between the guitar body and the strings.
Vibrato bridges.
Generally, the more contact the bridge has with the body (i.e. the lower the position), the better the sound transfer will be into the body. 
A warmer sound with increased sustain is the result. 
Vibrato bridges usually need to be suspended in some way, which reduces contact. 
Most tremolo designs today use a group of springs in the guitar body, which oppose the tension of the strings. 
Some players feel that the vibration of the springs affects resonance in a way that makes the guitar sound better; others disagree. Naturally, it all depends on personal preference and the musical style of the individual player.
Since many playing styles make use of a tremolo obligatory, most solid-body guitars today are manufactured with one of two kinds of tremolos:
Non-Locking Tremolo.
Non-locking (or vintage) tremolos are the bridges found on all guitars manufactured prior to the advent of the Floyd Rose locking tremolo in the late 1970s and many (typically cheaper) guitars manufactured thereafter. 
For many playing styles, vintage tremolos are a good choice because they are easy to use and maintain and have very few parts. 
Some people feel that they can also provide a better degree of sound transfer, especially with tailpiece type tremolos such as the Bigsby. 
However, "Synchronized Tremolo" type found on the Fender Stratocaster is balanced against a set of screws in much the same manner as a locking tremolo and offers little improvement in the way of sounds transfer. 
Given that this type of tremolo is installed on solid body guitars the degree to which sound transfer affects the sound that the instrument produces is minimal. 
Also, keeping a guitar with a non-locking tremolo in tune can be difficult. 
The most common types of non-locking tremolos are the "Synchronized Tremolo" type and an almost endless stream of copies. The Bigsby vibrato tailpiece is another option, although that type has largely fallen out of favour.
Locking Tremolo.
Another type of tremolo is the locking tremolo. These bridges have a sort of vise in each saddle which clamps the string into place (usually with an Allen key). 
The end of the string has a clamp, which holds the string in place, stopping it from slipping. 
It is especially useful for songs that require tapping or heavy/hard playing styles. Once set up for tuning stability, locking tremolos are very good. 
However, their fulcrum points offer extremely minute contact with the body, which may disturb sound transfer.
Non-Tremolo bridges.
It is generally thought that non-tremolo bridges offer better transfer of string vibration into the body. This is due to direct contact of the bridge to the guitar's body. 
These bridges are bolted directly to the guitar body and, assuming good quality, limit longitudinal string movement completely. 
Therefore tuning stability is assured. 
The improved transfer of string vibration into the body has an effect on the sound, so guitars with this type of bridge have different characteristics than those with tremolos even when it is removed. 
There are no springs in the body or a cavity to accommodate them, which also affects resonance.

</doc>
<doc id="19374181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374181" title="Hippolyte-Victor Collet-Descotils">
Hippolyte-Victor Collet-Descotils

Hippolyte-Victor Collet-Descotils was a French chemist, born November 21, 1773 in Caen, and died December 6, 1815 in Paris. He studied in the École des Mines de Paris, and was a student and friend of Louis Nicolas Vauquelin.
He is best known for confirming the discovery of chromium by Vauquelin, and for independently discovering iridium in 1803.
In 1806, Collet-Descotils misidentified erythronium, a new element discovered in Mexico by Andrés Manuel del Río, thinking that it was chromium. This resulted in Alexander von Humboldt rejecting Del Río's discovery. The same element was rediscovered thirty years later in Sweden and renamed as vanadium.
In 1815, a few months before his death, he got the position of director of École des Mines de Paris, in charge of transferring the school in a new building. He is buried in the 10th Division of the Père Lachaise Cemetery of Paris. 

</doc>
<doc id="19374188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374188" title="Hyloxalus">
Hyloxalus

Hyloxalus (formerly "Cryptophyllobates") is a genus of poison dart frogs. The genus is distributed in Central and South America, from Panama south to Peru (along the Pacific coast), along with Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador. Species also inhabit the eastern foothills of the Andes in Bolivia to Venezuela, east to the upper Amazon Basin. Many "Hyloxalus" species, such as the cream-back, bear superficial resemblances to hylids, such as the presence of small webs between their toes, and the fact that the discs at the end of their toes are slightly adhesive. This may be one of the oldest of dendrobatid genera; if this is the case, the genus has changed little since it first evolved.

</doc>
<doc id="19374229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374229" title="All Got Our Runnins">
All Got Our Runnins

All Got Our Runnins is the first EP released by UK act The Streets. Following the critical and commercial success of debut album "Original Pirate Material", "All Got Our Runnins" was released as a digital download only - distributed by iTunes and Napster, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19374248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374248" title="Timeline of geometry">
Timeline of geometry

A timeline of algebra and geometry

</doc>
<doc id="19374272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374272" title="Another Country (film)">
Another Country (film)

Another Country is a 1984 British romantic historical drama written by Julian Mitchell, adapted from his play of the same title. Directed by Marek Kanievska, the film stars Rupert Everett and Colin Firth.
"Another Country" is loosely based on the life of the spy and double agent Guy Burgess, Guy Bennett in the film. It explores his homosexuality and exposure to Marxism, while examining the hypocrisy and snobbery of the English public school system.
Plot summary.
The setting is a 1930s Eton-esque public school, where Guy Bennett (Rupert Everett) and Tommy Judd (Colin Firth) are friends because they are both outsiders in their own ways. Bennett is openly gay. Judd is a Marxist.
One day, a teacher walks in on Martineau (Philip Dupuy) and a boy from another house engaged in mutual masturbation. Martineau subsequently kills himself and chaos erupts as teachers and the senior pupils try their hardest to keep the scandal away from parents and the rest of the outside world. The gay scandal however gives the army-obsessed house captain Fowler (Tristan Oliver) a welcome reason to scheme against Bennett. Fowler dislikes him and Judd and wants to stop Bennett from becoming a "God" - a school title for the two top prefects. Fowler is able to intercept a love letter from Bennett to James Harcourt (Cary Elwes). Bennett agrees to be punished so as not to compromise Harcourt; whereas on earlier occasions, he had blackmailed the other "Gods" with their own "experiences" with him to avoid punishment.
Meanwhile, Judd is reluctant to become a prefect, since he feels that he cannot endorse a "system of oppression" such as this. He makes a memorable, bitter speech about how the boys oppressed by the system grow up to be the fathers who maintain it. Eventually however he agrees to become a prefect in order to prevent the hateful Fowler from becoming Head of House. This never comes about because Donald Devenish (Rupert Wainwright) agrees to stay at school and become a prefect if he is nominated to become a God instead of Bennett.
Devastated at the loss of his cherished dream of becoming a God, Bennett comes to realize that the British class system strongly relies on outward appearance and that to be openly gay is a severe hindrance to his intended career as a diplomat.
The film's epilogue states that he defected to Russia later in his life, after having been a spy for the Soviet Union. Judd died fighting in the Spanish Civil War.
Cast.
The film features Michael Jenn as Barclay, Robert Addie as Delahay, Rupert Wainwright as Donald Devenish, Tristan Oliver as Fowler, Piers Flint-Shipman (credited as Frederick Alexander) as Jim Menzies, and Anna Massey as Imogen Bennett. Charles Spencer, 9th Earl Spencer, the younger brother of Diana, Princess of Wales, is an extra (with no dialogue) in three scenes.
Rupert Everett also played the role of Bennett in the play's first run.
Title.
The title refers not only to Soviet Russia, which is the "other country" Bennett turns to in the end, but it can be seen to take on a number of different meanings and connotations. It could be a reference to the first line of the second (or third, depending on the version) stanza of the hymn "I Vow to Thee, My Country", which is sung in both the play and film, as well as referring to the fact that English public school life in the 1930s was indeed very much like "another country". In the hymn, the other country referred to is Heaven (or the Kingdom of Heaven), although this allusion does not appear to relate to the film in any way.
"Another Country" is also the title of a novel by James Baldwin, which includes gay and bisexual characters.
The Go-Between is a novel by L.P. Hartley (1895-1972), published in London in 1953. The novel begins with the famous line:
The most direct reference is to several well-known lines from British literature, originating from Christopher Marlowe's play, "The Jew of Malta"
Friar Barnadine: "Thou hast committed--"<br>
Barabas: "Fornication-- but that was in another country; / And besides, the wench is dead."
Here "the wench" may refer to Martineau. Most of the students are more interested in covering up a potential scandal than worrying about the actual death. If so, the "adultery" may refer to what is done to Martineau and perhaps all students by the school, rather than his actual sexual liaisons.
Production.
Eton College declined the opportunity to be featured as a location for the film. With an additional fountain brought in, the Old Schools Quadrangle at Oxford University became an important location, along other localities such as the Bodleian Library, Brasenose College, Brasenose Lane, and Broad Street. Many interiors were shot at Althorp, seat of the famous Spencer family. Other scenes were filmed at Apethorpe Hall.
Awards.
The film was entered into the 1984 Cannes Film Festival where it won the award for Best Artistic Contribution.
It was nominated for three BAFTA Awards in film: Editing (1984) Gerry Hambling, Most Outstanding Newcomer to Film (1984) Rupert Everett, and Adapted Screenplay (1984) Julian Mitchell 

</doc>
<doc id="19374286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374286" title="Hozier Islands">
Hozier Islands

The Hozier Islands are a Baffin Island offshore island group located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. The uninhabited island group lies in the Labrador Sea, east of Hall Peninsula. The Leybourne Islands are to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19374289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374289" title="Carol Berman">
Carol Berman

Carol Berman (born September 21, 1923) is a New York Democratic Party politician from Lawrence, in Nassau County, New York, United States, who served in the New York State Senate from 1979 to 1984. Berman first achieved attention for her efforts to prevent the landing of Concorde and other supersonic transports at nearby John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Berman had been part of the leadership of the Emergency Coalition to Stop the SST, which sought to stop Concorde from using Kennedy Airport, whose runway approaches pass over her Lawrence home. Protests led by Berman and other groups opposed to Concorde ran a series of protests at Kennedy Airport starting in May 1977 in which as many as 1,000 cars drove along the main airport roadway at the 6:00 p.m. peak, driving at 5 to 10 miles per hour. Berman announced in August 1978 that her group was seeking to raise $100,000 to be used to help fund a lawsuit against the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and encouraged other area residents to sue the Port Authority.
Berman had been a district aide in the offices of Assemblyman Eli Wager and of Representative Herbert Tenzer. She had been vice chairman of the Nassau County Democratic Committee and was a delegate for Henry M. "Scoop" Jackson at the 1976 Democratic National Convention in New York City.
Election history.
Berman was elected in 1978 to fill the vacancy in the 9th Senate District caused by the departure of Karen Burstein, who was appointed to fill a seat on the New York State Public Service Commission. The district included portions of southwestern Nassau County, including the Atlantic Ocean communities of Point Lookout and Long Beach, along with the Five Towns, and then crossed over into southeastern Queens, including Rosedale, Springfield Gardens and South Jamaica, all of which encircle Kennedy Airport. The district was split evenly between Queens and Nassau and contained roughly equal numbers of African American and White voters, and had a strong Democratic majority. "The New York Times" opined in 1979 that "Berman could make a lifetime career in the Senate seat since the district is predominantly Democratic with a large Jewish population in Nassau and a large black population in the Queens portion." In the Senate, she served on the Corporation and Authorities Committee, the Transportation Committee and was the ranking minority member on the Commerce and Economic Development Committee.
In 1982, one-term Republican New York State Assemblyman Dean Skelos gave up his seat to challenge Berman. The reapportionment following the 1980 United States Census changed the boundaries of the 9th Senate District, which previously included parts of Queens County. The new district, drawn by Senate Republicans, was now entirely within Nassau County and favored Republicans, after the Queens portion of the district had been removed to satisfy the objective of Federal judges to create a district in southeastern Queens that would elect an African American to the Senate. Skelos was endorsed by the Republican and Conservative parties. Berman, running on the Democratic and Liberal party lines won the race by 6,108 votes (55,504 to 49,396). Matthew Doyle, the Right-to-Life party candidate, received 2,520 votes in the three-way race. Berman's victory over the well-financed Skelos made her the only Democrat elected to fill one of the eight State Senate seats in Nassau and Suffolk counties. Berman filed a $6 million suit against Skelos in Nassau Supreme Court, citing campaign literature that she claimed mischaracterized her positions on the use of plain language in insurance policies and on busing children across county lines.
In 1984, Skelos challenged Berman in a rematch. This time, Skelos, who had President Ronald Reagan visit the district and campaign for him, defeated Berman in a two-way race. Skelos won 50.7% to 49.3% (67,834 to 65,876).
Berman ran for election in 1986, challenging Skelos in their third consecutive state senate contest. Skelos, running on the Republican and Conservative party lines defeated the Democratic-Liberal candidate Berman in a three-way race, winning 53% of the vote (49,761) to 43.7% (41,005), and expanding from a nearly 2,000-vote margin in 1984 to a better than 8,000-vote edge in 1986. Right-to-Life party candidate, Joan McDermott received 3.2% (2,967) of the vote.
Long Island Rail Road gap accident.
In September 2006, Carol Berman made news when she broke her ankle during a fall into a gap between a Long Island Rail Road train and the platform at the LIRR station in Lawrence, New York. The following month, after reading about a Minnesota teenager killed in an August 2006 gap fall and a former Rockette paralyzed in a 2004 fall, she filed a $1 million claim against the Long Island Rail Road and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. The lawsuit was settled in January 2009 for $150,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19374296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374296" title="International Day for Natural Disaster Reduction">
International Day for Natural Disaster Reduction

The International Day for Disaster Reduction (IDDR) encourages every citizen and government to take part in building more disaster resilient communities and nations.
The United Nations General Assembly designated the second Wednesday of October as the International Day for Natural Disaster Reduction as part of its proclamation of the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction.
In 2002, by a further resolution, the General Assembly decided to maintain the annual observance as a vehicle to
promote a global culture of natural disaster reduction, including prevention, mitigation and preparedness.
In 2009, the UN General Assembly decided to designate October 13 as the official date and also changed the name to International Day for Disaster Reduction.

</doc>
<doc id="19374319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374319" title="GLG Partners">
GLG Partners

GLG Partners, Inc. is an London-based hedge fund that, as of 14 October 2010, is a wholly owned subsidiary of British alternative investment manager Man plc. In 2010 it was acquired by Man. GLG then was Europe's third largest hedge fund. The firm now oversees $26.2 billion.
GLG operates equity long-short funds, convertible arbitrage funds, emerging market funds and long-only mutual funds. GLG was founded in 1995 by Noam Gottesman, Pierre LaGrange and Jonathan Green as a unit of Lehman Brothers. The investment bank span it off in 2000. GLG Partners went public in 2007 through a reverse merger.
On May 17, 2010, it was announced that Man Group plc was to take over GLG partners, valuing the company at $1.6 billion, or $4.50 per share. The price for shares of stock on the NYSE rose from $2.91 to $4.36 overnight. The stock had risen almost 50% before the market opened. The acquisition was finalised on 14 October 2010. It was largest acquisition in hedge fund industry.
In May 2011, the firm launched the GLG global sustainability equity fund, which focuses on a range of large and mid-sized firms in a number of sectors focusing on sustainability. Sectors include healthcare, transportation, education and water management. 

</doc>
<doc id="19374333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374333" title="Warwick Ventures">
Warwick Ventures

Warwick Ventures Ltd is a University technology commercialisation office and wholly owned subsidiary company of the University of Warwick, in Coventry, United Kingdom.
History.
The company was set up as a department within the University of Warwick by Ederyn Williams in 2000. In 2010 it was spun-out as a separate company to manage the intellectual property portfolio belonging to the University. The business development managers employed by the company work with academic inventors at the University to identify, protect and develop intellectual property (IP) resulting from their research. This IP is then commercialised through licensing and the formation of spin-out companies.
Warwick Ventures provides researchers with commercial advice, funds patent applications and legal costs, and negotiates third-party licences and spin-out company agreements. It then manages the resultant patent portfolio, and seeks to license patents and technologies to companies who invest in developing and selling the products.
The company also works with University academics to create new companies, in order to develop University intellectual property into new business opportunities, including by identifying and sourcing investment, management and professional services. As of 2010, the company had made more than 100 patent applications, founded 49 companies and raised over £30 million in funding for those companies from venture capitalists and business angels, and the company's founder received a Queen's Award for Enterprise Promotion for individual achievement.
Patents, licensing, and spin-outs.
Spin-out companies from Warwick Ventures include:

</doc>
<doc id="19374341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374341" title="African-American Heritage Sites">
African-American Heritage Sites

The National Park System preserves the history and contributions of African Americans and is part of the nation's history. Over the years, staff of the National Park Service has reflected the nation's social history. Among the first African Americans who influenced the course of the National Parks were:

</doc>
<doc id="19374349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374349" title="Hovenkamp">
Hovenkamp

Hovenkamp is a surname of Dutch origin. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19374354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374354" title="Leybourne Islands">
Leybourne Islands

The Leybourne Islands are a Baffin Island offshore island group located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. The island group lies in the Labrador Sea at the entrance of Popham Bay, off the east coast of Hall Peninsula. The Hozier Islands are to the south, while Christopher Hall Island is to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19374355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374355" title="Migoli">
Migoli

Migoli (1944–1963) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by the Aga Khan III. Trained in England by Frank Butters, Migoli's win in the 1948 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was the first for an English-trained horse since 1923 and there would not be another until 1971.
Background.
Sired by the 1938 Epsom Derby winner, Bois Roussel, his damsire Bahram was the 1935 British Triple Crown Champion. His dam Mah Iran, was a half-sister of the Derby winner Mahmoud. In addition to Migoli, Mah Iran produced Star of Iran, the dam of Petite Etoile.
Racing career.
Racing in England at age two, Migoli won the Dewhurst Stakes. The following year he won four important English races plus earned a second to Pearl Diver in the Epsom Derby and a third to winner Sayajirao in the St. Leger Stakes. At age four in 1948, in England Migoli won more of what today are rated as Group races plus he finished second in the Coronation Cup. In the fall Migoli was sent to Longchamp Racecourse in Paris, France to compete in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. He won the race, defeating Marcel Boussac's highly regarded colt, Nirgal.
Stud career.
Retired to stud duty, Migoli was the sire of 24 stakes/group winners including: 
Migoli is also the grandsire of the Gallant Bloom, a filly inducted in the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame in 1977.
After the success of Gallant Man, Migoli was exported to stand as a stallion in the United States. He died in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19374361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374361" title="Timeline of calculus and mathematical analysis">
Timeline of calculus and mathematical analysis

A timeline of calculus and mathematical analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="19374379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374379" title="Timeline of mathematical logic">
Timeline of mathematical logic

A timeline of mathematical logic. See also History of logic.

</doc>
<doc id="19374397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374397" title="Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987">
Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987

After coming third in the 1986 contest with "L'amour de ma vie" sung by Sherisse Stevens, Luxembourg entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, held in Brussels, Belgium.
Plastic Bertrand had given the rights of his song "Amour Amour" (Love, Love) to the Luxembourgish broadcaster RTL Télévision in the hope of entering the Eurovision Song Contest for Luxembourg. RTL selected him to represent Luxembourg at the upcoming Eurovision Song Contest in Brussels.
At Eurovision.
Plastic Bertrand sang 13th on the night of the contest, following the Netherlands and preceding the United Kingdom. He received 4 points, 2 each from Portugal and the United Kingdom, placing 21st of 22 countries, second to last place Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19374413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374413" title="Christopher Hall Island">
Christopher Hall Island

Christopher Hall Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. The island lies in the Labrador Sea between Popham Bay and Neptune Bay, off the east coast of Hall Peninsula's Finger Land. The Leybourne Islands are to the south, while Jackson Island is to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19374417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374417" title="Pale Moon (song)">
Pale Moon (song)

"Pale Moon" (An Indian Love Song) is a popular song composed by Frederic Knight Logan with lyrics by Jesse G. M. Glick. The song was written in 1920. Frank Sinatra recorded a version with the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra in 1941. Jimmy Wakely and Tex Williams also recorded popular Western and Western Swing versions.
Lyrics.
The lyrics as published:

</doc>
<doc id="19374426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374426" title="1965 New York Giants season">
1965 New York Giants season

The 1965 New York Giants season was the 41st season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants finished with a 7–7 record, which placed them in a tie for second in the Eastern Conference with the Dallas Cowboys, four games behind the Cleveland Browns.
Offseason.
NFL Draft.
In the 1965 NFL Draft, the Giants had the first pick overall. The Giants passed on Joe Namath, Gale Sayers, and Dick Butkus and drafted Tucker Frederickson. 

</doc>
<doc id="19374452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374452" title="Hervé Djamel Loiseau">
Hervé Djamel Loiseau

Hervé Djamel Loiseau (born March 21, 1973), was a French soldier who attended Afghan training camps, and was found burnt to death in the aftermath of the Battle of Tora Bora in December 2001, the first confirmation that Frenchmen had joined the ranks of Osama bin Laden in the wake of the September 11 attacks.
Life.
He had accompanied Brahim Yadel to Lahore, Pakistan on March 11, 2000 where the pair crossed the border into Afghanistan, after the urging of recruiter Karim Bourti.
He also maintained contact with the Algerian Meroine Berrahal.
Legacy.
Five years after his death, an independent French film entitled "Djamel Loiseau: Journey of a Soldier of Allah" was produced by Ranwa Stephan.

</doc>
<doc id="19374465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374465" title="Xətai raion">
Xətai raion

Xətai is a settlement and raion in Baku, Azerbaijan. It contains the Əhmədli municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19374467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374467" title="Memecylon umbellatum">
Memecylon umbellatum

Memecylon umbellatum, commonly known as Ironwood, Anjani (Tamil),കായാമ്പൂ (Kaayaamboo) (Malayalam) or Alli (Hindi), is a small tree found in India, the Andaman islands and the coastal region of the Deccan. It is also found in Sri Lanka, where it is called "Blue Mist", "Kora-Kaha" (Sinhala language) and "Kurrikaya" (Tamil language). The leaves contain a yellow dye, a glucoside, which is used for dyeing the robes of Buddhist monks and for colouring reed mats (Dumbara mats). Medicinally, the leaves are said to have anti-diarrhoeal properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19374472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374472" title="Hozier">
Hozier

Hozier may refer to:
In people:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="19374478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374478" title="Johannes Nakwafila">
Johannes Nakwafila

Johannes Nakwalifa (born 28 August 1957 in Epembe, Ohangwena Region) is a Namibian politician. A teacher by profession, Nakwalifa has been a member of the National Council of Namibia since 2004 and Regional Councillor for Epembe Constituency since 1999.
Education.
Nakwalifa is a graduate of Ongwediva High School (1977) and Ongwediva Teachers College (1979).
Career.
From 1980 to 1992, Nakwalifa worked as a teacher and administrator, including as principal of Omishe Junior Primary School in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19374480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374480" title="Griswold High School">
Griswold High School

Griswold High School may refer to one of these U.S. schools:

</doc>
<doc id="19374481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374481" title="USNS Sgt. Morris E. Crain (T-AK-244)">
USNS Sgt. Morris E. Crain (T-AK-244)

USNS "Sgt. Morris E. Crain" (T-AK-244) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship built at the end of World War II and served the war and its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel. From post-war to 1950 she served the U.S. Army as a transport named USAT "Morris E. Crain". In 1950 she was acquired by the U.S. Navy and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service. In 1975 she ended her career and was placed into reserve.
Victory ship built in California.
"Sgt. Morris E. Crain" was laid down as "Mills Victory" under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull V 741) on 14 February 1945 by Permanente Metals Corporation, Richmond, California; launched on 28 March 1945; sponsored by Miss Jane McVeigh; and delivered to the War Shipping Administration on 21 April 1945.
U.S. Army service.
Renamed the "Sgt. Morris E. Crain" by the U.S. Army, the ship served the Army Transportation Corps until 1950 when it was transferred to the U.S. Navy.
Service with the MSTS.
She was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service in February 1950 to become a United States Naval Ship. Home ported in San Francisco, California, "Sgt. Morris E. Crain" made trips to the major islands of the Pacific Ocean and carried military cargo to Korea in support of United Nations forces there.
As of 1974, "Sgt. Morris E. Crain" continued her service as a United States Naval Ship with a civil service crew. Assigned to the Military Sealift Command, "Sgt. Morris E. Crain" carried cargo for all the services.
Decommissioning.
She was decommissioned at an unknown date and struck from the Navy List on 1 April 1975. She was returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission on 17 July 1975. Her subsequent fate is not recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19374513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374513" title="Leybourne (disambiguation)">
Leybourne (disambiguation)

Leybourne may refer to:
In people:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="19374545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374545" title="John Aloysius Morgan">
John Aloysius Morgan

John Aloysius Morgan (9 October 1909 – 21 May 2008) was an Australian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death he was one of the oldest Catholic bishops.
Morgan was born in Melbourne, Australia. He attended St Joseph's Christian Brothers College in North Melbourne in 1917 and again from 1920 to 1926. Morgan lived with his brother, Frank, on the family farm at Keilor, travelling to school each day by horse and buggy. While at school he was considered a very good high jumper and champion handball player.
He was ordained a priest on 15 July 1934 for the Archdiocese of Melbourne. During the Second World War he served for a while as a chaplain to the troops stationed in Papua New Guinea. While in Melbourne he was placed in charge of various parishes including, in 1953, St James' parish in Richmond.
Morgan was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Canberra and Goulburn as well as Titular Bishop of Membressa on 6 March 1969. He was ordained bishop on 28 April 1969. He was appointed on 29 May 1969 to the Roman Catholic Military Ordinariate of Australia where he would remain until of 2 January 1985, as well as the auxiliary bishop of the Canberra and Goulburn archdiocese.
In 2003 he concelebrated Mass at St Patrick's Cathedral Melbourne to mark the centenary of his old school, St Joseph's North Melbourne.
Morgan died on 21 May 2008 aged 98

</doc>
<doc id="19374565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374565" title="1966 New York Giants season">
1966 New York Giants season

The 1966 New York Giants season was the 42nd season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants finished in last place in the Eastern Conference with a 1–12–1 record, the worst in franchise history.
The 1966 Giants surrendered the most points in NFL history for a 14-game season. They allowed 501 points in 14 games, or an average of 35.8 points per game. This total broke the league record for the most points given up in a season. The next most points allowed by a Giants team was 427 in the 2009 season, which was 16 games. The Giants allowed opponents to score more than 30 points in eight of the 14 games, and gave up over 50 points three times. They are the only team in history to give up 500 points in a 14-game season.
On November 27, the Giants played the highest-scoring game in NFL history, losing to the Washington Redskins, 72–41. It was the first of three straight games in which the Giants gave up more than 40 points; they allowed 49 points against the Cleveland Browns and 47 versus the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Schedule.
With the addition of the expansion Atlanta Falcons, the NFL had 15 teams, necessitating the use of bye weeks. The Giants were the team that received the most centrally located bye, in Week 8, thus perfectly dividing their season into two 7-game halves. They failed to take advantage of this, however, losing all seven games after the break. (In contrast, the expansion Falcons were 0–8 before they got their bye in Week 9, but 3–3 afterwards.)

</doc>
<doc id="19374588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374588" title="Yves Simon (singer)">
Yves Simon (singer)

Yves Simon (born 3 May 1944 in Choiseul, Haute-Marne) is a French singer and writer.
Biography.
Simon was born in Choiseul, France, in 1944. He has published over 30 books and released about twenty albums. 
Simon came to wide attention in 1972 with the release of "Les Gauloises Bleues". After this, he was booked as the opening act for major artists such as George Brassens. His 1973 album, "Au pays des merveilles de Juliet", won the prestigious 'Grand Prix de l'Académie du disque'. "Respirer chanter" was a success in 1974. In 1977, his soundtrack to Diane Kurys's film "Diabolo Menthe" was well received. His album "USA-USSR" (1983) met with success, and "Liaisons" was a hit in 1988.
He retired from live concerts in 1977, but continued to release successful albums displaying a wide range of musical influences. He also made some live concert appearances in Japan in 1982 and in France in 2007.
He also has written articles for the magazine "Actuel" and many others. Simon's first best-selling novel was "Océans" in 1983. In 1991, Simon won the Prix Médicis, for his novel "La Dérive des sentiments". His novel "Le Prochain amour" (1997) became successful, and a short story collection, "Un instant de bonheur", published in 1998, won the 'Grand Prix de la chanson de l'Académie française'.

</doc>
<doc id="19374592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374592" title="Ray Guy (humorist)">
Ray Guy (humorist)

Ray Guy (22 April 1939 – 14 May 2013) was a Newfoundland journalist and humourist, best known for his satirical newspaper and magazine columns.
Ray Guy was born in Come By Chance, Placentia Bay, Newfoundland, to George Hynes and Alice Louise Guy, but was raised and schooled in Arnold's Cove, the community that was to provide fodder for many of his columns.
Guy studied journalism at Ryerson Polytechnic Institute. After graduation, he wrote for the St. John's Evening Telegram 1963-1974, and his columns also appeared in magazines such as Atlantic Insight and the Newfoundland Quarterly. His output included political satire and humorous essays on life in a Newfoundland outport life. His columns in the Evening Telegram often criticised the policies and ridiculed the excesses of Premier Joseph Smallwood, during a time that political opposition to Smallwood was ineffectual. In 1977, he received the Stephen Leacock Award for his collection "That Far Greater Bay" (1976).
In 1979, Gordon Pinsent created "Up at Ours", a half-hour CBC St. John's television series that starred Mary Walsh as the owner of a boarding house and Ray Guy as the principal boarder. In 1985, Walsh appeared in and directed a stage play written by Guy, "Young Triffie's Been Made Away With," which Walsh directed as a film in 2006, promoted in some markets under the shorter title "Young Triffie".
Guy also appeared as a commentator on the CBC St. John's news program . He was awarded an honorary doctorate by Memorial University of Newfoundland in 2001.
Ray Guy died after a battle with cancer on 14 May 2013. He was 74 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19374608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374608" title="Antonio Tavira y Almazán">
Antonio Tavira y Almazán

Antonio Tavira y Almazán, (Iznatoraf, province of Jaen, 30 September 1737 - Salamanca, January 1807). A member of the Royal Spanish Academy from 1775 to 1807. Notorious archeologist of visigothic remains, near Cabezo del Griego, described since then as Segobriga. With some clashes with the Spanish Inquisition, related to the regalist wishes of King Carlos IV of Spain to give to the Bishops jurisdiction on the annulement of marriages, he was also the Honorary Chaplain of King Charles III of Spain since 1772, aged 36. A Knight and a Prior of the Military Order of Santiago in Uclés, province of Cuenca, (1788–1789), Bishop of Canarias, (1791–1796), Bishop of Osma, (1796–1798), Bishop of Salamanca, (1798–1807).
He was very good friend of Minister Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos, suspicious both to the Spanish Inquisitors at the end of the 18th century of comptent and connivence with the French regalist, "constitutionalist" and "bonapartist" Bishop Henry Grégoire, Abbé Grégoire, (Vého, (Trois-Évêchés), near Lunéville, France, 4 December 1750 - Paris, 20 May 1831). 
He ordained as a Bishop of Salamanca, (perhaps), Catholic Bishop of Maximionopolis, Palestine, to the Scottish Priest Alexander Cameron, ( Braemar, Aberdeenshire, 28 July 1747 - Bishop of Maximionopolis, Palestine by Tavira 28 October 1798- Vicar Apostolic of Lowland District, around Edinburgh, Scotland, Great Britain, 24 Aug 1805 - 20 Aug 1825 Retired - died 7 February 1828, aged 80).
References.
El Museo Virtual de Segobriga (Virtual Museum of Segobriga, first researches by Antonio Tavira, 1788–1789):

</doc>
<doc id="19374616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374616" title="Man on the Run">
Man on the Run

Man on the Run is a 1949 British drama film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Derek Farr, Joan Hopkins, Edward Chapman, Kenneth More and Laurence Harvey.
Synopsis.
A deserter from the British Army finds himself mistakenly wanted for murder, and is forced to go on the run while attempting to prove his innocence.

</doc>
<doc id="19374633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374633" title="Jerzy Tyszkiewicz">
Jerzy Tyszkiewicz

Jerzy Tyszkiewicz (; 1596–1656) was auxiliary bishop of Vilnius from 1627 to 1633, bishop of Samogitia from 1633 to 1649, and bishop of Vilnius from 1649 to 1656. 
He was born in Vistyčy () to a prominent noble family of Tyszkiewicz. 
Educated in Jesuit academies, he took the Holy Orders in 1622. He served as the canon in Kraków and later, Vilnius. In 1637, he founded a monastery in what would become the town of Žemaičių Kalvarija. Using his personal wealth, he built churches in Surviliškis, Kuliai, Laukžemė, Pušalotas and in other Lithuanian places. He was author of the several Lithuanian language prayers and hymns. 
He was seen as an active administrator, politician and diplomat.

</doc>
<doc id="19374671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374671" title="1968 New York Giants season">
1968 New York Giants season

The 1968 New York Giants season was the 44th season for the club in the National Football League. For the 1968 season, the Giants traded divisions with the New Orleans Saints, with the Giants moving from the Century Division to the Capitol Division. The Giants finished with a 7–7 record, which placed them second in the Capitol Division, five games behind the Dallas Cowboys.
The Giants did not have a first-round selection in the 1968 NFL Draft; their first pick was Rich Buzin, taken in the second round with the 41st overall pick. New York began the season with a four-game winning streak. After a four-game stretch in which they had three losses, the Giants went to Dallas and posted an upset victory, 27–21. With that win and a victory against the Philadelphia Eagles the following week, the Giants moved into contention for a Capitol Division championship. However, they lost the final four games of the season. The 1968 regular season was Allie Sherman's last as head coach of the Giants; he was fired after the preseason in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19374673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374673" title="The Alesha Show">
The Alesha Show

The Alesha Show is the second studio album from British R&B recording artist Alesha Dixon, the album is her first album to be released in the United Kingdom. It was released on 24 November 2008 in the UK by Asylum Records. Dixon, an ex-member of UK Garage girl group, Mis-Teeq, used her full name for the first time while releasing "The Alesha Show" (her previous album was credited mononymously as "Alesha"). The album's Xenomania-produced track, "The Boy Does Nothing" was chosen as the lead single. 
A deluxe edition of the album was released on 23 November, entitled "The Alesha Show - Encore". The first single from the "Encore" edition was "To Love Again". All the singles released from the album, including the "Encore" edition, reached the top 15 on the UK Singles Chart.
Reception.
Commercial.
The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number twenty-six, selling over 26,000 copies. It dropped off the top 75 chart after four weeks. The album slowly climbed up the chart and after the success of her second "Breathe Slow" it rose to a new peak of 12, giving the album its first top-twenty chart placing and has since been certified Gold for sales of over 100,000 copies. Following the release of "Let's Get Excited", it rebounded to a new peak of 11.
Following the international release of "The Boy Does Nothing", "The Alesha Show" has charted in various European countries, including a peak of 39 on the French Albums Chart, compiled by the Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique.
Critical.
The album received generally mixed reviews from various critics. Alex Foster of the BBC started by praising Dixon on launching a well orchestrated comeback, saying "Modern celebrity is a fickle beast. After it chews you up and spits you out only a few are rewarded for their resilience with one more bite of the cherry". However, Foster continued onwards criticising Dixon's apparent genre change, stating "Is this the Britney of old? A rhymes-spitting, N.E.R.D video featuring, uniquely British R&B vixen that can ace rather than ape the Americans? The answer sadly is 'no'". However Foster did praise tracks such as "Breathe Slow" and "Hand It Over". Nick Levine of Digital Spy gave the album three stars and stated that "Dixon tries her hand at everything from 60s glitz ('Cinderella Shoe') to synthy R&B ('Breathe Slow') to mellow ballads ('Don't Let Me Go'), managing more often that not to pull it off [...] Not unsurprisingly given its relentless genre-hopping, "The Alesha Show" does feature a few misfires. 'Ooh Baby I Like It Like That' sounds like a Dannii Minogue B-side from 2003". However, the review ended on an optimistic note, saying that "these quibbles aren't enough to sink an album that's often as lively and likable as the woman who made it".
Tour.
In summer 2009 it was announced that Dixon would tour across the UK in support of "The Alesha Show". Dixon named the 17 date concert tour "The Alesha Show". The tour is due to begin on 20 October in Nottingham and finish on 19 November in Brighton. Dixon had to reschedule three shows when it was announced that she would take on the role of judge on "Strictly Come Dancing".

</doc>
<doc id="19374699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374699" title="North Imenti Constituency">
North Imenti Constituency

North Imenti is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies of Meru Central District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19374743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374743" title="Julio César Benítez">
Julio César Benítez

Julio César Benítez Amodeo (October 1, 1940 – April 6, 1968) was an Uruguayan footballer, known for his time in FC Barcelona from 1961 until his surprising death in 1968.
Benítez was a defender, appreciated for his physical strength, technique with the ball and powerful shot. His rivalry with Francisco Gento, Real Madrid player, helped him earn Barcelona's fans appreciation.
Benítez started his football career at the age of 16, in Racing Club de Montevideo, then playing in the Uruguayan first division. In 1959 he played for Real Valladolid, and a year later he moved to Real Zaragoza. In his time with these teams he established himself as a great player. Benítez moved to FC Barcelona in August 1961. In Barcelona he played in several positions in midfield and even in attack, but he became fixated as a fullback after a short while. With Barcelona he won Copa del Generalísimo in 1963 and Inter Cities Fairs Cup in 1966.
He died on April 6, 1968 in Barcelona, three days before a critical game in the Camp Nou against Real Madrid. The cause of his death was eating spoiled seafood, which resulted in gastroenteritis and ultimately his death. His death attracted huge attention to Spanish football in general and Barcelona in particular. 150,000 fans of FC Barcelona were present at his funeral in the Camp Nou, two days before the game. Benítez was buried in a cemetery near Camp Nou in April 8. The Royal Spanish Football Federation decided not to cancel the game, but just put if off by two days. Benítez's last words were "Come on friends, let's win Madrid 2-0!". However, his teammate could not cope psychologically with his death and devote him a win in the game, and the game ended in a 1-1 draw. Nevertheless, on July 11, 1968 Barcelona beat Real Madrid in the cup final, and the win was dedicated in memory of Benítez. The cup title was included in the list of titles won by Benítez, as a dedication to his contribution to the team.

</doc>
<doc id="19374748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374748" title="Mark Jensen">
Mark Jensen

Mark Jensen (born July 11, 1976 in Oregon City, Oregon) is a former American football placekicker for the National Football League. He played for three different NFL teams Detroit Lions, St. Louis Rams and the Oakland Raiders. He also spent one year (2004) in NFL Europe, playing for the now defunct Scottish Claymores. While with Detroit, he connected on a 33-yard field goal versus the Pittsburgh Steelers as well as going 2-2 on extra points.
Jensen served for three years as Cal Football's Director of Player Development.
He holds dual American/Danish citizenship.
Early life.
Jensen earned first team Utah All-State two times (1993–1994) at Pleasant Grove High School. In 1993, he kicked a game-winning field goal in the Utah 4A state-championship game to lift Pleasant Grove High School over Judge Memorial High School 18-17. Following his senior campaign, he was named USA Today second-team ALL-American. He was also a standout high school soccer and basketball player as well.
Following graduation from high school, Jensen served a two-year mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Leipzig, Germany.
College.
At the University of California, Berkeley, Jensen was a four-year starter, handling both field goals and kick offs from 1999-2002. Jensen continued in a long line of Cal greats including Ray Wersching, Jim Breech, Doug Brien, Ryan Longwell, and Nick Harris. He owns the Golden Bears’ modern day scoring record with 107 points (2002). Jensen also hold the Pac-10 record for most field goals in a game (5) versus Air Force in 2002. He converted on field goals of 50 and 51 yards out, registering the fifth and 7th-longest field goals in Golden Bear history.
Graduated with a BA in Development Studies in 2001 after only three years of college. Completed his Master's Degree in Education (Language, Literacy, Society & Culture emphasis) also at Berkeley...
2002 ... emerged as one of the nations most prolific kickers. Among his 2002 honors, named one of 20 Semi-Finalists for the Lou Groza Collegiate Placekicker Award. Named the Pac-10 Special teams player of the week after kicking a Pac-10 record 5 field goals versus Air Force. Set a school record for points (107), while his 8.92 ppg average was second in the Pac-10 and 17th nationally. First Team 2002 Pac-10 All-Academic. Finished his Cal career as the school's fourth All-Time leading scorer...
Jensen's Career Statistics...
NFL and post-NFL careers.
Jensen signed a free agent contract with the Detroit Lions following the 2003 NFL Draft, but was waived during training camp after injuring his groin versus the Pittsburgh Steelers. A year later, he was signed by the St. Louis Rams and subsequently allocated to play in NFL Europe. After handling all kick-off duties for the Scottish Claymores, Jensen returned to St. Louis only to be subsequently released. He was signed immediately by the Oakland Raiders and joined them for camp. Once again, Jensen reinjured his groin and after taking an injury settlement was released by the Raiders. Jensen has also had tryouts with the San Francisco 49ers, Buffalo Bills, and NY Jets.
He worked in student-athlete development for Cal Football where he oversaw all aspects "off the field" for Cal players, including academics, housing, community relations, alumni relations, player employment, and admissions.
Jensen established Mark Jensen Kicking, which led to working with hundreds of high school, college, and professional kickers and punters.
He also does sales and surgery-observation for Stryker Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="19374797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374797" title="Paweł Jan Działyński">
Paweł Jan Działyński

Paweł Jan Działyński (1594–1643) was a voivode of Pomorze from 1630 to 1643. He succeeded Samuel Konarski, and was himself followed by Gerhard Dönhoff, a member of the Dönhoff family.
Działyński was the son of Mikołaj Działyński and Katarzyna Dulska. He married Jadwiga Czarnkowska, with whom he had daughters Katarzyna and Jadwiga and sons Adam, Jan, and Kazimierz.
He became the starosta of Bratiańsk in 1613 with the permission of King of Poland. Between 1604 and 1613 he was the delegate of regional szlachta of Chełm to the Polish Sejm. From 1630 on he was the under treasury of Prussia. He was nominated as the voivode of Pomorze on May 16, 1630.
Between 1637 and 1638 he mediated the conflict between Gdańsk and king Władysław IV Vasa over the share of tariffs taken at the port that was reserved for the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
He was known for his fervent opposition to the Protestant Reformation and as a result he founded an order of Franciscan monks in Prussia.
He died July 17, 1649 in Bratian and was buried in Nowe Miasto Lubawskie in the basilica crypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19374803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374803" title="Centenary Cup">
Centenary Cup

The Centenary Cup was a Gaelic Games competition arranged by the Gaelic Athletic Association to mark the centenary of the GAA in 1984.
The hurling competition was won by Cork and the football competition was won by Meath.

</doc>
<doc id="19374840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374840" title="1984 Major League Baseball Draft">
1984 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1984 Major League Baseball draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19374872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374872" title="Florencio Varela (writer)">
Florencio Varela (writer)

Florencio Varela (23 February 1808 - 20 March 1848) was an Argentine writer, poet, journalist and educator.
Florencio was born in Buenos Aires on February 23, 1808, he was the sixth child of Don Jacobo Adrián Varela and María de la Encarnación Sanjinés, he had a keen interest in the literary arts from a young age. In his youth he wrote poetry and a theatre production.
After graduating from the University of Buenos Aires in 1827 Varela became involved in politics, his association with the Partido Unitario meant that he was exiled to Montevideo in Uruguay after the defeat of General Juan Lavalle.
Varela settled in Montevideo starting a family and associating with several other exile writers and intellectuals who opposed the rule of Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas.
After suffering a heart condition Varela moved to Río de Janeiro in Brazil where he recovered his health and worked on his history of Argentina. In 1842 he returned to Uruguay. In 1843 he travelled to Europe in order to garner British and French support to the project of a new state comprising Uruguay, Rio Grande do Sul and some Argentine provinces. While in France, and like many other young travelers did, he met José de San Martín.
On 1 October 1845 he founded the newspaper "Comercio del Plata" in Montevideo, he also founded the biblioteca de obras originales y traducidas (library of originals and translations). He became one of the fiercest critics of Governor Rosas. On March 20, 1848 he was assassinated by Andrés Cabrera, who was acting under the orders of Manuel Oribe and Rosas. He is buried in La Recoleta Cemetery in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="19374875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374875" title="1969 New York Giants season">
1969 New York Giants season

The 1969 New York Giants season was the 45th season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants moved back to the Century Division in 1969, after one season in the Capitol Division. They finished with a 6–8 record, and had one victory less than the previous year. New York placed second in the Century Division, four-and-a-half games behind the Cleveland Browns.
Before the season, the Giants selected Fred Dryer in the first round of the 1969 NFL Draft, with the 13th overall pick, and traded with the Atlanta Falcons for running back Junior Coffey. New York lost all of their preseason games, leading them to fire head coach Allie Sherman. Alex Webster was hired as his replacement. The Giants opened the season with a win against the Minnesota Vikings, and held a 3–1 record after four games. However, they went on a seven-game losing streak, before going on a three-game winning streak to close out the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19374877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374877" title="LimeLife">
LimeLife

LimeLife Inc. is an American privately held digital media company based in the San Francisco Bay Area. Investors include U.S. Venture Partners, Rustic Canyon Partners, Core Capital, Monitor Ventures and i-Hatch Ventures.
History.
LimeLife was founded in 2005 as a mobile publisher in the U.S. exclusively focused on the women's market. LimeLife’s mobile content is distributed through the major wireless carriers in the U.S. and includes games, lifestyle applications and text alerts, and fashion wallpapers.
In December 2007, LimeLife was selected as one of "Red Herring"'s 100 most innovative companies in the world.
In 2008, LimeLife expanded its product offering to include openly accessible lifestyle content across multiple platforms: web, mobile web, and widgets.
Site description.
Limelife has both web and mobile web site destinations. These sites feature a daily menu of content that includes celebrity news, fashion and beauty trends, music, movie, and TV reviews, dating advice, and daily horoscopes. In addition, the website includes social shopping functionality called MySnaps.

</doc>
<doc id="19374892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374892" title="Jacob H. Sharp">
Jacob H. Sharp

Jacob Hunter Sharp (February 6, 1833 – September 15, 1907) was a Mississippi lawyer, newspaperman and politician, as well as a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He played a prominent role of several major engagements of the Army of Tennessee in the Western Theater, including the Atlanta Campaign in 1864 where he was several times recognized by his commanders and peers for bravery in combat.
Early life and career.
Jacob Sharp was born in Pickensville, Alabama, to Elisha Hunter Sharp and his wife, Sallie (Carter) Hunt, who originally hailed from Hertford County, North Carolina. His mother was the daughter of former military officer Major Isaac Carter. His brother Thomas L. Sharp would become an antebellum Mississippi State Senator and a colonel in the Confederate Army during the Civil War. He would be killed in action at the Battle of Atlanta in 1864.
As a young child, Sharp moved with this family to Lowndes County, Mississippi. At the age of fifteen, he returned to Pickens County, Alabama, in 1850 and later graduated from the University of Alabama. He subsequently returned to Columbus, Mississippi, and became an attorney. He married Miss Harris of Mississippi, a daughter of Judge Harris.
Civil War service.
At the start of the Civil War, Sharp enlisted in the 1st Mississippi Battalion, which was later consolidated into the 44th Mississippi Infantry (also known as Blythe's Regiment). He rose through the ranks from private to captain and participated in the Battle of Shiloh, Bragg's Kentucky Campaign, and the Battle of Murfreesboro. Promoted to colonel in August 1863, he led a brigade following the promotion of Brig. Gen. Patton Anderson and was in command of it at Chickamauga and the Battle of Missionary Ridge. 
During the 1864 Atlanta Campaign, General Anderson wrote in his official report on the Battle of Jonesboro, "Sharp's gallant Mississippians could be seen pushing their way in small parties up to the very slope of the enemy’s breastworks. Officers could be plainly observed encouraging the men to this work. One on horseback, whom I took to be General Sharp, was particularly conspicuous."
Sharp became a brigadier general on July 24, 1864, following the wounding of Brig. Gen. William F. Tucker at the Battle of Resaca and given command of the Fifth Brigade in Edward Johnson's division of Stephen D. Lee's corps of the Army of Tennessee. 
He participated in the Franklin-Nashville Campaign later that year. In the assault during the Battle of Franklin on November 30, 1864, Johnson's Division charged the works after dark and Sharp's Brigade was distinguished in the desperate struggle, taking three Union battle flags and leaving their dead and wounded in the trenches and along the works. Following the Battle of Nashville in December, the defeated Army of Tennessee recrossed the Tennessee River on December 26. Sharp's Brigade was then furloughed until February 12, 1865, when they were reactivated. In April, he and his men surrendered at Bennett Place following the Carolinas Campaign.
Postbellum activities.
After the war ended later that year, Sharp returned home. He resumed his legal career and became a newspaper editor, publishing the Columbus "Independent". He also served in the Mississippi House of Representatives for four years and late in his life lived for a while in Jackson, Mississippi.
Sharp died in Columbus, Mississippi and is buried there in Friendship Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19374895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374895" title="Zığ, Baku">
Zığ, Baku

Zığ (also, Zykh) is a municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,755.

</doc>
<doc id="19374919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374919" title="Forge Dam Park">
Forge Dam Park

Forge Dam Park is a park in Fulwood, in the city of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. It has a playground, thriving cafe and woods.

</doc>
<doc id="19374924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374924" title="Moses (given name)">
Moses (given name)

Moses or Moshe is a male given name, after the biblical figure Moses.
According to the Torah, the name "Moses" comes from the Hebrew verb meaning "to pull/draw out" water. The infant Moses was given this name by Pharaoh's daughter after rescuing him from the Nile (). Some scholars have suggested that the name was derived from the Egyptian word for "son" rather than from Hebrew. 
People with this name.
Ancient times:
Medieval:
Early Modern to 18th century:
Modern:

</doc>
<doc id="19374947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374947" title="L'Express de Madagascar">
L'Express de Madagascar

L'Express de Madagascar is a daily newspaper published in Madagascar. It is primarily published in French, although individual sections and stories are also published in Malagasy. 

</doc>
<doc id="19374952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374952" title="Gachoka Constituency">
Gachoka Constituency

Gachoka Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies of Mbeere District. It has seven wards, all of which elect councillors for the Mbeere County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.
Gachoka's current Member of Parliament is Mutava Musyimi, who has been serving since the 2007 General Election. Mr Musyimi quit his long term position as Secretary General to the National Council of Churches of Kenya to join politics and run against Joseph Nyagah .

</doc>
<doc id="19374955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374955" title="White River Glacier (Oregon)">
White River Glacier (Oregon)

White River Glacier is an alpine glacier located on the south slopes of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It ranges in elevation from about . It is among the best known of the twelve glaciers on the mountain, and the lower reaches are a popular destination for Nordic skiing enthusiasts. The glacier is the source of the White River, a tributary of the Deschutes River, and has a long history of washing out the bridge where Oregon Route 35 crosses at .
The glacier is a remnant of the massive glaciers that formed during the last ice age and have created White River Canyon. The canyon divides the two largest ski areas on Mount Hood, and is easily seen from many areas of Timberline Lodge ski area, and from the upper southern runs of Mount Hood Meadows. The glacier is bounded on the east by a ridge shared with Newton Clark Glacier and on the west by a ridge shared with Palmer Glacier. The upper glacier forms at the base of "Steel Cliff" to the east of an area known as "Triangle Moraine". The glacier lies almost entirely within Mount Hood Wilderness.
The western edge of the canyon is extremely steep and in times of low visibility causes descending mountain climbers on the "South Route" (through Palmer Glacier to Timberline Lodge) to veer excessively to the west. This has resulted in numerous search and rescue operations near or in Zigzag Canyon, west of Palmer Glacier. (See Mount Hood climbing accidents.)
Jökulhlaups originating from White River Glacier occurred in 1926, 1931, 1946, 1949, 1959, and 1968. These washed out Highway 35 (or its predecessor) each time. An increase of outbursts from White River Glacier may be related to increasing temperatures and the size of the fumarole field at the glacier's head at Crater Rock. The White River Glacier has decreased in area by 61% between 1907 and 2004. The glacier terminus has retreated over the same time period.

</doc>
<doc id="19374957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19374957" title="Bargain Day">
Bargain Day

Bargain Day is a 1931 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 106th "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Jackie notices that the Gang's baseball equipment is missing and discovers Wheezer and Stymie were peddling it, along with other items, from door to door. Wheezer, Stymie, and Bologna arrive at a rich family's home and try to sell a bunch of junk to a little girl named Shirley. Stymie wanders off playing with a pet monkey and a toy lion, and sets off a burglar alarm.
Jackie, Chubby, Mary Ann, Farina, Dorothy, and Speck arrive at a house and Chubby gets locked in a steam cabinet. Police arrive to investigate and find the Gang there.

</doc>
<doc id="19375013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375013" title="Gaogouli County">
Gaogouli County

Gaogouli County was one of three prefectures of Xuantu Commandery in southeastern Manchuria. It was established by the Han Dynasty after the fall of Gojoseon to keep Goguryeo tribes in check. From 75 BC to 12 AD, Goguryeo tribes were under administration of Gaogouli County and engaged in client state relationship with the Han Dynasty. In 12 AD, Goguryeo rebelled against the Han Dynasty and established independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19375014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375014" title="Sabunçu raion">
Sabunçu raion

Sabunçu (also, Sabunchi, Sabunchi and Sabunchy) is a settlement and raion in Baku, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 222,600. It contains the municipalities of Bakıxanov, Balaxanı, Bilgəh, Kürdəxanı, Maştağa, Nardaran, Pirşağı, Ramanı, Sabunçu, and Zabrat.

</doc>
<doc id="19375029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375029" title="Fly My Kite">
Fly My Kite

Fly My Kite is a 1931 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 107th "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Grandma, who recently sold her grocery store, is enjoying retirement with her beloved "grandchildren". She's actually a widow who outlived her only daughter, who was married but childless. Grandma lives in her son-in-law's house and he's in charge of her money, which he has mostly spent. Meanwhile, she is having fun with the Gang—she's not any "one" child's grandma but "everyone's" grandma. Her son-in-law, however, wants to remarry and he and his intended both want Grandma out of the house so they can move in.
He tells her to get her stuff and get out. He also tells her that she is broke and that he used up all the money from the store sale mere months ago. He says that she is old and that he cannot wait till she dies of old age because that could take forever. He even says he's arranged to have her sent to the Poor Farm.
Grandma confronts her son-in-law and the Gang attacks him up on the spot. He manages to escape the children's rampages and then tells Grandma to leave immediately. He finds a letter informing her that she has savings bonds and to communicate with the bank right away. He goes to the bank and discovers they are indeed worth $100,000 dollars (by today's standards about $5 million). As Grandma is packing, she finds the bonds that she still thinks have no worth. Chubby is flying a kite with Dickie and the kite does not stay up. Grandma tells him the tail needs more weight and uses the bonds to get the kite to fly. 
Grandma's son-in-law returns to the house, purposely breaks her glasses (she thinks it is accidental) and pretends to read a letter that her bonds are worthless. She tells him that the bonds are on the tail of Chubby's kite. He runs outside and tries to take the kite away from Chubby. Grandma then reads the letter (magnified through a goldfish bowl) and learns the truth. She sends the Gang out to help Chubby keep her son-in-law from getting the kite. The Gang runs out and beats Grandma's son-in-law to a pulp (Including dragging him over a board studded with nails!). They bust his watch (tit-fot-tat for him breaking Grandma's glasses!) They saw a telephone pole he is climbing to get the kite away from him. He falls in a large puddle and Mary Ann gets the bonds and hands them to Grandma.

</doc>
<doc id="19375031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375031" title="Bristol Virginia Utilities">
Bristol Virginia Utilities

BVU Authority (BVU) is a utility system that provides electric, water, wastewater and fiber-optic telecommunication and information services to the City of Bristol, Virginia and the surrounding area. On July 1, 2010, BVU moved from being a board under the direct control of the City of Bristol, to form a new subdivision of VA state government.
BVU is lauded, along with the public electric utilities of Chattanooga, TN and Lafayette, LA, as having "the best broadband networks in America" [a by the Institute for Local Self-Reliance [http://www.ilsr.org]. BVU's network is somewhat more remarkable given the town's small size and its successful bids to build larger cities' fiber-optic grids.
Electricity Provider.
BVU provides electricity, water, wastewater and fiber- optic telecommunication and information services to the City of Bristol, Virginia; Washington County, Virginia and Abingdon, Virginia. These combined systems employ approximately 158 people. We are governed by a nine member Board. Eight members are from the City of Bristol and one member is from the Washington County Board of Supervisors. The BVU Board meets on the fourth Monday of each month at 12:15 p.m. at BVU’s main office.
The City of Bristol Virginia, on June 30, 1945, purchased the electric distribution facilities of the former East Tennessee Light and Power Company from the Tennessee Valley Authority. The Bristol Virginia Power Board was created to manage the electric system. On November 13, 1951, the Power Board was succeeded by the Utilities Board, created by Article V of The City Code (Sections 2-25 through 2-28), as provided for in the Code of Virginia, Section 15.1-292, to manage the Electric Power and Light System, the Water System, and Sewerage System of the City. Electric power was purchased from the Tennessee Valley Authority from June 1945 until December 31, 1997. At which time BVU changed power suppliers and began purchasing power from Cinergy Corporation, Cincinnati, Ohio. The Cinergy wholesale electric contract lasted seven years, ending December 31, 2004. American Electric Power (AEP) was selected for a three year contract to provide wholesale electricity from January 1, 2005 to December 31, 2008. The Tennessee Valley Authority is the current wholesale electricity provider with a 20 year contract beginning January 1, 2008. On July 1, 2010, the Utilities Board was succeeded by the BVU Authority Board – making BVU an authority of the State of Virginia. BVU´s Electric System provides electric power to over 16,300 consumers in a 125 square mile service area, comprising the City of Bristol, Virginia; Washington County, Virginia; Scott County, Virginia and Sullivan County, Tennessee. BVU has ten substations and approximately 577 miles of distribution lines and 29 miles of transmission lines.
BVU´s water treatment plant was constructed in 1954 with 5 million gallons per day capacity and was expanded to a capacity of 10 million gallons per day in 1978. Raw water is pumped approximately two miles from South Holston Lake to the filtration plant, where it is treated by the "rapid sand" filtration process. The treatment plant is located on Route 75, about 3 miles south of Abingdon, Virginia. The Water System serves approximately 7,900 consumers in the City of Bristol, Virginia and also sells bulk water to other water authorities.
BVU administers a sewer collector system in Bristol, Virginia and portions of Washington County, Virginia, which flows to a 15 million gallons per day wastewater treatment plant in Sullivan County, Tennessee. The wastewater treatment plant is jointly owned by Bristol, Virginia and Bristol, Tennessee. A unique feature of the plant is a state-of-the-art in-vessel composting facility, which combines sludge from the treatment plant with wood waste collected throughout the two Cities to produce a high quality composted material very useful in landscaping and soil amendments. The Wastewater System serves approximately 7,700 consumers in the City of Bristol, Virginia, as well as the industries located in the Bristol-Washington County Industrial Park. The wastewater treatment plant is located in Sullivan County, Tennessee and is jointly owned and operated with the City of Bristol, Tennessee.
OptiNet Division.
OptiNet is a nonprofit division of BVU, launched in 2001, that provides telecommunication services to approximately 9,500 customers in areas around Southwest Virginia. OptiNet is known for its pioneering work in the area of municipal broadband throughout the area. BVU is acknowledged as the first municipal utility in the United States to deploy an all-fiber network offering the triple play of video, voice and data services. Offering digital cable, telephone service and high-speed internet from a remote-area utility provider makes BVU exceptional, even on a global level.
BVU FOCUS is an innovative consulting, operations and management firm operating under the umbrella of BVU. FOCUS currently employs a total of 63 persons – 40 of which operate a remote facility in Mooresville, North Carolina. BVU was the first municipal entity in the United States to build a fiber-to-the-premise network offering the “triple-play” of telephone, cable and Internet services. With BVU´s experience and proven results, BVU FOCUS offers customized levels of assistance to municipal entities interested in finding comprehensive solutions to meet their communities´ specific needs for delivering telecommunications and information services and/or assisting with their traditional utility operations.
BVU is heavily involved in the local community and promoting economic development efforts in the City of Bristol, Virginia. BVU works in conjunction with the Economic Development Committee and its Executive Director to promote the Bristol, Virginia area to prospective industrial and commercial establishments. BVU is also involved in providing annual visitations, consultations and services to local existing industries, and believes the Existing Industry Program to be a vital part of Bristol, Virginia´s economic development. BVU provides fifty percent of the funding for the Bristol, Virginia Economic Development Department and is highly involved in numerous community activities and events.

</doc>
<doc id="19375035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375035" title="Joe Ansbro">
Joe Ansbro

Joe Ansbro (Born Glasgow, 29 October 1985) is a former Scottish international professional rugby union player. He is the first player of African origin to represent Scotland at test level in history. His favoured position is centre. He most recently played for London Irish.
Early years.
Ansbro was born in Glasgow and raised near Gatehouse of Fleet in Dumfries & Galloway, South West Scotland. He was educated at Gatehouse Primary School and played youth rugby with Stewartry, the Castle Douglas club. He was also educated at Stonyhurst College near Clitheroe in Lancashire, North West England, before embarking on study of a Natural Sciences degree at Robinson College, Cambridge University.
Northampton.
Ansbro joined the Northampton Academy in 2006, during this time he was part of the Cambridge University side that took part in The Varsity Match, producing some quality displays for the University. Northampton Saints took notice of this and he became a regular in the number 13 shirt during their season in National Division One, he also scored in the EDF Energy Trophy final.
London Irish.
Ansbro joined London Irish in 2011 on a three-year deal. The Scotland centre was one of numerous international players to join the club in 2011. London Irish head coach Toby Booth said: "He's quick, powerful with a great future ahead and will fit in nicely." Ansbro commented that "there are some great players who have committed their long term futures to the club and that speaks volumes for what is happening there." 
Scotland.
Ansbro made his international debut for Scotland A during the 2009 IRB Nations Cup tournament in Romania .Scotland A eventually went on to win the tournament, with Ansbro making his debut as outside centre in the win against Uruguay. 
He made his first senior Scotland appearance in the 21–17 victory over reigning world champions South Africa in doing so he became the first black player to represent Scotland at test level. A week later he played in the 19–16 win against Samoa at Pittodrie in Aberdeen.
Ansbro made his 6 nations appearance in Scotland's opening match of the 2011 Six Nations Championship against France in Paris. Ansbro and the rest of the Scotland team put in an impressive performance against a clinical French side despite eventually losing the match 34-21.
His first points for Scotland came in the 10-6 victory in a 2011 Rugby World Cup warm-up game against Ireland where he scored the winning try in the 76th minute. Ansbro was included in Scotland's 30 man squad for the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand. He went on to score his first RWC try against Romania in Scotland's first group game of the 2011 tournament. The number 13 jersey in the next two games was taken by Nick de Luca before Ansbro was again selected, this time in Scotland's final group game versus England.
Injury.
Ansbro broke his neck in a pre-season friendly against Munster on 24 August 2012. After being taken to hospital straight after the match it was discovered that Ansbro had a triple fracture of the C1 vertebrae. As of 15 May 2013 Ansbro officially retired from rugby union due to the neck injury suffered on 24 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19375054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375054" title="Midi Madagasikara">
Midi Madagasikara

Midi Madagasikara is a daily newspaper owned by Midi Madagasikara S.A. and published in Antananarivo, Madagascar. It began distribution on August 18, 1983. The current editor-in-chief is Zo Rakotoseheno. 
The paper is published from Monday to Saturday and is primarily in French, with two pages in Malagasy and a bi-monthly single page in English. It is printed in a tabloid format with regular sections on politics, economy, society, sports, culture, and world news. 

</doc>
<doc id="19375059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375059" title="Albert C. Greene">
Albert C. Greene

Albert Collins Greene (April 15, 1792January 8, 1863) was a United States Senator and Attorney General from Rhode Island.
Biography.
He was born in East Greenwich, the son of Perry Greene, a brother of American Revolutionary War General Nathanael Greene. He graduated from Kent Academy, studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1812, and commenced practice in East Greenwich. He was a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives from 1815 to 1825, serving as speaker from 1821- to 1825. He was brigadier general, and then major general, of the Fourth Brigade of State Militia from 1816 to 1823 and was attorney general of Rhode Island from 1825 to 1843.
Greene was a member of the Rhode Island Senate in 1843-1844, and was elected as a Whig to the U.S. Senate, serving from March 4, 1845 to March 4, 1851; he was not a candidate for reelection, and was elected to the Rhode Island Senate in 1851 and 1852. In 1857 he was again a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives. He retired from public life, and died in Providence; interment was in Grace Church Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19375079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375079" title="Dark Horizon">
Dark Horizon

Dark Horizon is a space combat simulation game developed by Quazar Studio and published by Paradox Interactive. The game was released on September 26, 2008 in Europe and in North America on October 13, 2008. Dark Horizon is the sequel to Tarr Chronicles.
Dark Horizon initially debuted with incomplete joystick support. The game appeared to be released (and apparently designed) with the mouse and keyboard as the primary control system. The 1.0.6.0 patch however introduces joystick axis mapping to any game actions.
See also.
Tarr Chronicles

</doc>
<doc id="19375084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375084" title="Madagascar Tribune">
Madagascar Tribune

The Madagascar Tribune is a daily newspaper published in Antananarivo, Madagascar. It is primarily in French, with several articles in Malagasy. 
The Madagascar-tribune.com is an independent online newspaper, published by the Society Malagasy Edition (SME). The journal exists since December 1988, and became an independent online newspaper on 29 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19375088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375088" title="Onna (disambiguation)">
Onna (disambiguation)

Onna is a Local Government Area in Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria.
Onna may also refer to:
In places:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19375101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375101" title="Big Ears">
Big Ears

Big Ears is a 1931 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 108th (20th) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Wheezer's mother and father continue to fight in an unconvincing and thoroughly hammy fashion over many different silly things, such as the coffee being too cold or the toast being burned. Wheezer overhears his father telling his mother that he is getting her a divorce. Not knowing what a divorce is, Wheezer tells Stymie, Dorothy, and Sherwood. They speculate on what a divorce means, at one point deciding it might be something good. Then Donald tells the gang what a divorce is, and people start sobbing. He even tells Wheezer that he will have no father anymore. His mother might either remarry and give him a stepfather and states that his step father beats him regularly. He also says that maybe his mother will throw him into an orphanage and not want him anymore.
Wheezer is frightened so he concocts a plot to make himself abominably sick so that his parents will come together out of concern from him. Wheezer visits a bathroom and his friends pour all the medicine in the medicine cabinet down his throat to make him ill, along with amounts of lard. He indeed gets sick and his plan presumably works. His parents kiss and make up and promise to never fight again and that they love Wheezer very much.

</doc>
<doc id="19375116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375116" title="Pyramid Saimira">
Pyramid Saimira

Pyramid Saimira, an Indian multinational entertainment company, operating in 6 countries was one of the World’s fastest growing entertainment group. Its diversified businesses included Exhibition (Theatre), Film and Television Content Production, Distribution, Hospitality, Food & Beverage, Animation and Gaming, Cine Advertising, etc., which has significantly altered the profile of Tamil Nadu cinema, the Tamil film music scene and entertainment industry in India at large.
Films Produced.
Halla BOL
KathaNayakudu
Debts, Problems and Closure.
In the year 2010, the management was struck by debts ranging to Rs.500 Crore and cases were filed on it by SEBI for breaching its terms and finally closed down.
Share investors were duped by company's false auditing practices and internal scams. The promoter assured investors in their AGM that everything was in order and also acknowledged to make a dividend payout as a good will measure. It's another blot in ethics and corporate governance of the promoters
Key Personalities.
These are the people who are mainly responsible for Pyramid Saimira.
References.
http://www.business-standard.com/india/news/pyramid-saimira-case-sebi-confirms-ban-against-india-capital/102147/on
http://www.business-standard.com/india/news/sat-adjourns-hearingpyramid-saimira-case/85907/on

</doc>
<doc id="19375125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375125" title="William Harrell Nellis">
William Harrell Nellis

William Harrell Nellis (March 8, 1916 – December 27, 1944) was a United States fighter pilot who flew 70 World War II combat missions and was shot down three times, the last time fatally. On April 30, 1950, the Las Vegas Air Force Base in Nevada was renamed Nellis Air Force Base in his honor.
Soon after his birth, Nellis' family moved to Searchlight, Nevada and, when he was 13, to Las Vegas, Nevada. He graduated from Las Vegas High School and subsequently joined the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps on December 9, 1942, training in Albany, Georgia. He was commissioned a flight officer on January 7, 1944. On July 9, 1944, Nellis was assigned to the 513th Fighter Squadron, in support of General George Patton's Third Army. On December 27, 1944, flying a P-47 Thunderbolt during the Battle of the Bulge, he was shot down by ground fire while strafing a German convoy in Luxembourg. He was too low to bail out. Nellis' remains were recovered from his wrecked aircraft the following April. Lt Nellis' gravesite is located at Henri-Chapelle American Cemetery and Memorial near Liège, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="19375148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375148" title="Luigi Ricci-Stolz">
Luigi Ricci-Stolz

Luigi Ricci-Stolz (1852February 10, 1906) was an Italian musician and composer.
He was born as Luigino Ricci in Trieste to composer Luigi Ricci and opera singer Francesca Stolz (1826-1900?), the elder sister of the famous Verdian diva Teresa Stolz. At the time Luigi Ricci was married to Ludmila Stolz (1826–1910), the identical twin sister of Francesca. Ricci-Stolz's uncle, Federico Ricci, was also a composer.
He inherited the estate of his aunt Teresa Stolz, and changed his name to Ricci-Stolz.
Ricci-Stolz was a conductor and composer. In addition to church music, songs and a string quartet, he also published a number of operas.
He died in Milan in 1906, aged 54.

</doc>
<doc id="19375167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375167" title="Little Cedar Lake (Wisconsin)">
Little Cedar Lake (Wisconsin)

Little Cedar Lake is a lake in Southeastern Wisconsin; United States. It is located at the geographic center of Washington County, in the Town of West Bend, and Town of Polk. The lake covers an area of acres, has a shoreline of miles, and reaches a maximum depth of feet. Its source is Cedar Creek which flows into the northwest side of the lake, and its outflow is Cedar Creek, which continues to flow south at the bottom a small dam at the extreme southern tip of the lake. Spring, summer and autumn activities on the lake include boating, fishing, and water skiing. In winter the lake freezes over completely with ice up to 36 inches thick, Winter activities on the lake include ice fishing and snowmobiling. Many species of fish are found in Little Cedar Lake, including northern pike, walleye, rock bass, smallmouth bass, bluegills, carp, and bullheads. The Lake is located approximately miles NNW of Milwaukee, and miles SW of the City of West Bend in the beautiful Kettle Moraine area.

</doc>
<doc id="19375208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375208" title="Westlock Interlocking">
Westlock Interlocking

WESTLOCK Interlocking is a Solid State Interlocking (SSI) product by Westinghouse Rail Systems.
Westlock builds on many of the features that made SSI popular in the United Kingdom. This includes re-use of SSI's programming language and its external hardware. 
In addition to backwards compatibility with SSI, Westlock provides additional capacity. This is currently estimated to be around four times that of an SSI, giving it the capability to control over 300 Signalling Equivalent Units (SEUs).
Leamington Spa was the test site for Westlock, and was its first operational site. It was also SSI's test site more than 20 years earlier.
Hardware.
A Westlock system is divided into a number of components, called the Central Interlocking Processor (CIP), Trackside Interface (TIF) and Technicians Workstation (TW). 
The hardware used by the TIF and CIP is similar, based around a 2-out-of-3 architecture, whereby all safety-critical functions are performed in three separate processing lanes and the results voted upon. This provides some fault tolerance whereby a single module can fail and the system can continue operating in 2-out-of-2 mode.
Central Interlocking Processor (CIP).
A CIP consists of 3 main processor modules which perform the safety-critical interlocking functionality. In addition it possesses two communications modules which provide redundant Ethernet connectivity (duplicated for availability) and two digital input modules (duplicated for availability) which can service up to 32 local inputs.
Trackside Interface (TIF).
A TIF also contains 3 main processor modules and two Ethernet communications modules, but additionally has two SSI communications modules, which are used to interface to an SSI compatible data links. The TIF itself does not perform any interlocking functionality, it operates only as a protocol converter.
Technicians Workstation (TW).
The TW is provided to diagnose faults in the track-side equipment and also within the Westlock equipment. It provides a graphic interface which includes a map of the area of Railway under control and operates on an industrial PC platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19375225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375225" title="Shiver My Timbers">
Shiver My Timbers

Shiver My Timbers is a 1931 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 109th (21st talking) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
A loud sea captain (Billy Gilbert) tells violent stories about adventures out on the sea as pirates. The gang is playing hookey from school in order to hears his stories. Miss Crabtree (June Marlowe) finds where they are and decides to team up with the sea captain to teach the kids a lesson and scare them from ever wanting to be pirates.
The sea captain invites the gang back that night to become pirates. When they board the ship, the sea captain puts on a show and scares the kids. He acts mean and pretends to be sending other pirates overboard. Miss Crabtree even is there and pretending that she would be next to walk the plank. The gang then decides they want to go back to school and take the sea captain seriously.
However, during a staged "raid" on their ship, the children turn the tables on the crewmen.
Memorable quote.
According to Leonard Maltin, one of the most memorable lines in the history of the movies was spoken in this short. Gilbert has called two of his crew over for mock abuse to scare the kids. He bellows at Harry Bernard, "What are you two doing over there?" Bernard answers, "We don't know!"
Notes.
In 1971, the first several minutes, where Billy Gilbert is telling the gang wild pirate stories were edited out due to perceived violence and reinstated in 2001 on prints shown on American Movie Classics until 2003. It was not available on home video VHS tapes until 1994 when it was released on the first round of volumes issued by Cabin Fever.

</doc>
<doc id="19375256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375256" title="Gem Constituency">
Gem Constituency

Gem Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies of Siaya District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19375287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375287" title="Noah (name)">
Noah (name)

Noah is a given name and surname most likely derived from the Biblical figure Noah (נוֹחַ)in Hebrew. It is most likely of Babylonian and Assyrian origin from the word "nukhu" meaning repose or rest, which is possible in view of the Sumerian/Babylonian source of the flood story. Another explanation says that it is derived from the Hebrew root meaning "to comfort" (nahum) with the final consonant dropped.
Popularity.
Noah is a top 10 name for a boy in the United States. In 2009, the name was the 9th most popular, with 17,061 births. This was the highest rank it has ever been since the Social Security Administration began tracking the data.
In 2013 it was the third most popular name for boys in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19375295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375295" title="Wan Cheng">
Wan Cheng

Wan Cheng () (born 1 November 1985 in Tianjin) is a Chinese football player.
Club career.
Wan Cheng started his professional football career at Shandong Luneng after he joined them from Tianjin Locomotive's youth team. He made his senior league debut on October 27, 2002 in a league match between Shandong Luneng and Shanxi Guoli as a promising 16-year-old. Under Russian coach Valeri Nepomniachi he was a mainly used as substitute throughout the 2002 and 2003 league seasons to gradually establish himself within the team. However, he lost favor in the club when Serbian coach Ljubiša Tumbaković came in at the beginning of the 2004 league season and Wan Cheng saw his appearances drop to only two throughout the 2004 league season. Throughout 2005 to 2007 league seasons Wan Cheng would have spent most of his time in the reserves and would have to re-establish himself within the team, eventually returning into the senior team on April 27, 2008 in a league match against Dalian Shide.
Honours.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="19375296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375296" title="Ray Carter (footballer born 1951)">
Ray Carter (footballer born 1951)

Raymond 'Ray' Carter (born 1 May 1951, Chester) is a former English footballer. He played in The Football League for Chester and Crewe Alexandra during the 1970s.
Carter progressed through Chester's youth ranks to break into the first team ranks early in the 1971–72 season at the same time as fellow homegrown talent Graham Futcher as the youth policy under Cliff Sear began to pay dividends. He spent three years involved in the first team in midfield without scoring.
In July 1974, Carter switched to Crewe Alexandra, where he played for one season before dropping into non–league football with Bangor City. Appropriately his final Football League appearance for Crewe came against Chester on the final day of the 1974–75 season, when Chester's 1–0 win at Gresty Road was ultimately enough to secure them promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="19375301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375301" title="Dogs is Dogs">
Dogs is Dogs

Dogs Is Dogs is a 1931 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 110th (22nd talking episode) "Our Gang" short to be released.
Plot.
Youngsters Wheezer and Dorothy now live with their wicked stepmother (Blanche Payson) and her bratty son Sherwood — whom they derisively call "Spud." Their father seems to be long gone, though Wheezer tearfully observes that since he said he'd come back for them, "I know he will." The two-tier class system among the humans in the house is reflected by its canine residents: Spud's posh police dog Nero is described by mom as "a pedigreed animal" and has the run of the house, while Wheezer's dog Pete "is nothing but an alley dog" and is banned from entry. 
A typical day begins with Pete coming into Wheezer's bedroom through an open window, and Sherwood wastes no time telling on Wheezer, who promptly gets a spanking from six-foot-two-inch Payson. She threatens to send Pete to the pound next time he is found in the house. Wheezer then pops Spud in the face and Spud screams and cries for his "mama-mama-mama." This brings a second barrage of spanking and the threat to throw him and Dorothy into an orphanage if their "good for nothing" father does not show up soon. It also brings tender comfort for Wheezer from Dorothy and Pete, whose close-up reveals big lush tears rolling down his concerned snout. Payson then leaves to go downtown and tells Wheezer to not let Sherwood get dirty.
Outside, we pick up Stymie stopping at Pete's doghouse for a chat about how hungry they both are. Stymie wistfully rhapsodizes about the spread he'd put together for both of them, and we cut back repeatedly to Pete, whose mouth is watering at the mention of all the fine food. 
Stymie arrives at the kitchen door, where Wheezer and Dorothy have only mush to eat while Spud and Nero enjoy ham and eggs. Spurred by the aromas of the kitchen, Symie runs a con job on Spud, telling him that ham and eggs can talk: "I heard 'em talkin' this mornin'." To disprove it, skeptical Spud cooks up a heapin' frying pan of ham and eggs, then loses interest and goes outside when the egg-to-ham dialogue fails to materialize. Stymie, Wheezer and Dorothy dig in and enjoy the feast.
Spud, squatting by the edge of a well, is pushed in — by his own dog. He sends Dickie to get Wheezer. Wheezer and Stymie, stretching and in no great hurry, stroll out "to see what the trouble is." They get Spud a rope after teasing him a little while. As they pull him up from the well, he states that he'll be "telling mother about this." Wheezer drops the rope and Spud plunges back in. Then as he pulls him out again, Spud swears he will keep this a secret — until Spud gets his feet on the ground and says "I am "too" gonna tell Mama!" Wheezer states that the dunking Spud got will be worth the whipping "he'll" get.
Later, Spud goes to a neighbor's barn and finds that Nero has killed another chicken. He tells the owner, Mr. Brown (Billy Gilbert), that Pete killed the bird. Mr. Brown then tries to shoot Pete, but Wheezer, Dorothy, and finally a policeman (Harry Bernard), stop him. Nevertheless, Pete is sent to the pound because he is unlicensed. 
At the pound, Wheezer gazes at Pete through the fence and cries until a kind lady (Lyle Tayo) asks what's the matter. Turns out she is his auntie ("Yes, I am your father's sister") and she gives him the two dollars to spring Petey from the slam. She then tells Wheezer and Dorothy that their "daddy has been very, very sick" and she would be taking them to live with her in a nice place. As she takes the gussied-up Wheezer, Dorothy and Pete to the chauffered car with all their belongings, the mean stepmother gripes that their father was no good anyway and she was fed up with taking care of the children. The stepmother bends over to straighten the carpet and the aunt comes back to give her a swift kick in the backside.
The film closes when Wheezer says to Dorothy that "I sure hate to leave my old pal Stymie," but the final shot reveals Stymie — in a brand new suit of his own — riding comfortably in the spare tire.
Reception.
Film critic Leonard Maltin has rated "Dogs is Dogs" as one of the best "Our Gang" films in the series.
Notes.
The first several minutes of "Dogs is Dogs" were edited out of the syndicated Little Rascals television package in 1971 because of the maltreatment of children being portrayed. Likewise, the scene with Stymie and Pete discussing food and some of the ham-and-egg routine were excised for racial stereotyping. The unedited version was reinstated on television and shown on AMC from 2001-2003. The complete, unedited version is currently available in VHS and DVD formats

</doc>
<doc id="19375323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375323" title="William Duncombe">
William Duncombe

William Duncombe (19 January 1690 – 26 February 1769) was a British author and playwright.
Life.
He worked in the Navy Office from 1706 until 1725. That year, he and Elizabeth Hughes won a very large lottery sum on a joint ticket. He married Elizabeth in 1726 and "retired into literary leisure." The nature of their match is unknown, but the two did have a son together. Elizabeth died in 1736, leaving Duncombe a widower for 33 years.
Works.
Duncombe's literary work was generally in translation from Latin. He translated Horace in 1721 and translated Racine's "Athalie" as "Athaliah" in 1722. His sole successful play was "Junius Brutus" in 1734, which ran for six nights at Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. His competition was Farinelli singing at the Little Theatre, Haymarket, and Duncombe said that the "quivering Italian eunuch" was too much for the stiff Roman statesman. All the same, six nights was a respectable run, and the play went to a second edition in the first year it was in print, 1735. The play makes frequent appeals to "liberty," in keeping with the Patriot plays of disaffected Whigs. Duncombe, however, had apparently intended a more traditional Whig play, along the lines of Addison's "Cato," for he was aligned squarely against the "Tory" Scriblerians. 
Duncombe published in both the "Whitehall Evening Post" and the "London Journal." Alexander Pope satirized the "London Journal" by name in "The Dunciad," and Duncombe had written a letter to it criticizing John Gay's "The Beggar's Opera" for its vitiating effects on public morals. He had, in the letter, counterposed the sermons of Thomas Herring on Jonathan Wild and thievery. Herring, who would later become the Archbishop of Canterbury under the Hanoverians, became a friend of Duncombe's.
Duncombe wrote on education in 1744, and his "The Choice of Hercules" was included in Robert Dodsley's "Miscellanies" of 1748. Between 1757 and 1759, he and his son, John Duncombe (who married the daughter of Joseph and Susanna Highmore), published "The Works of Horace in English Verse." His likeness was painted by Joseph Highmore.

</doc>
<doc id="19375324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375324" title="Dan Potocianu">
Dan Potocianu

Dan Ion Potocianu (born 5 March 1974 in Reşiţa) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a defender during the 1990s and early 2000s.
Career.
Potocianu started playing professionally in 1990 with his home-town team FCM Reşiţa. In 1993, he earned a move to FC Progresul Bucureşti where he went on to make over 100 appearances before leaving for Switzerland's Servette FC in 1997. While at Servette, he had a loan spell at FC Basel during the 1998-99 season and he returned to Progresul București in 2000. Injury forced him to retire in 2002 at the age of 28.
He was capped once for the Romanian national team, as a second half substitute for Anton Doboş in an 8-1 European Championships Qualifying win over Liechtenstein in Eschen on 6 September 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19375330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375330" title="Didier Dagueneau">
Didier Dagueneau

Didier Dagueneau (1956 – 17 September 2008) was a winemaker in the Loire Valley who received a cult following for his Sauvignon blanc wines from the Pouilly Fumé appellation. He died on 17 September 2008, in an ultralight plane crash in the Cognac region of France. He is survived by two children with his ex-wife Martine, Benjamin and Charlotte, who work at the domaine, and two children with his partner Suzan Cremer, Aaron and Léon.
Winemaking.
Dagueneau was born in 1956 in Saint-Andelain, Nièvre, Burgundy. His winery with of vineyards was in the town of Saint-Andelain, in Pouilly Fumé. He was seeking to make "the best Sauvignon blanc in the world". He made a variety of different cuveés, including Buisson-Renard, Pur Sang (French for "pureblood"), Asteroïde, and Silex ("flint"). Somewhat unusually for the appellation and grape variety, many of his wines were meant for cellaring and some had a clear influence of oak. He was also developing vineyards in Jurançon.
An ex-motorcycle racer with no formal enological training Dagueneau clashed with other winegrowers about ""typicité"" ("typicity" or "showing its origin") while achieving unprecedented prices for the region.
His vineyard practices were a combination of the exacting (extremely low yields, hand harvesting in multiple passes) with the unusual, such as using horses to plow the soil between vines. He was described as a risk taker and an experimenter, with perfectionist attitudes to his work, cutting yields severely to achieve greater ripeness.

</doc>
<doc id="19375334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375334" title="Near-field magnetic induction communication">
Near-field magnetic induction communication

A near field magnetic induction communication system is a short range wireless physical layer that communicates by coupling a tight, low-power, non-propagating magnetic field between devices. The concept is for a transmitter coil in one device to modulate a magnetic field which is measured by means of a receiver coil in another device.
Background: technical concepts.
Near field magnetic induction communication (NFMIC) systems differ from other wireless communications in that most conventional wireless RF systems use an antenna to generate and transmit a propagated electromagnetic wave. In these types of systems all of the transmission energy is designed to radiate into free space. This type of transmission is referred to as "far-field."
According to Maxwell's equation .
for a radiating wire, the power density of far-field transmissions attenuates or rolls off at a rate proportional to the inverse of the range to the second power (1/range2) or -20dB per decade. This slow attenuation over distance allows far-field transmissions to communicate effectively over a long range. The properties that make long range communication possible are a disadvantage for short range communication systems.
The system uses a short range (less than 2 meters).
The standard modulation schemes used in typical RF communications (amplitude modulation, phase modulation, and frequency modulation) can be used in near-field magnetic induction system
NFMI systems are designed to contain transmission energy within the localized magnetic field. This magnetic field energy resonates around the communication system, but does not radiate into free space. This type of transmission is referred to as "near-field." The power density of near-field transmissions is extremely restrictive and attenuates or rolls off at a rate proportional to the inverse of the range to the sixth power (1/range6) or -60dB per decade.
The carrier frequency is 13.56 MHz and has a wavelength (_) of 22 meters. The crossover point between near-field and far-field occurs at approximately _/2_. At this frequency the crossover occurs at 3.52 meters, at which point the propagating energy from the NFMI system conforms to the same propagation rules as any far-field system; rolling off at -20dB per decade. At this distance the propagated energy levels are -40dB to -60dB (10,000 to 1,000,000 times) lower than an equivalent intentional far-field system.
Near Field Magnetic Induction technology secures wireless communication between two-way radio accessories by creating a magnetic communication "bubble" around headsets, speaker-microphones and radios. This magnetic bubble has a radius of approximately 1.5 meters, is immune from radio frequency (RF) interference and virtually secure from eavesdropping. An eavesdropper would have to be standing next to the radio, within the magnetic bubble, to intercept wireless transmissions to and from a microphone or headset.
Near Field Magnetic Induction Communication technology enables users of two-way radios to experience wireless mobility, wireless safety and wireless security with portable radio accessories.

</doc>
<doc id="19375340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375340" title="Nizami raion">
Nizami raion

Nizami Rayon () is a municipal district of the city of Baku, capital of Azerbaijan. The district is named after poet Nizami Ganjavi. Its population is 179,700 and it includes the municipality of Keşlə. 

</doc>
<doc id="19375346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375346" title="Orlando Film Festival">
Orlando Film Festival

The Orlando Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Orlando, Florida. It has become one of the premier film festivals for independent filmmakers to showcase their work. Heading into its 5th year, the Orlando Film Festival attracts over 2,000 entries from filmmakers in more than 30 countries.
History.
Created as an alternative to commercial cinema, the annual week-long festival remains true to its original goal of promoting film as an art form. Its mission is to support and promote culture and the arts in Downtown Orlando through the medium of film. The Orlando Film Festival seeks to inspire student, future and current filmmakers in the art of filmmaking, and to enhance the movie viewing experience in Downtown Orlando through creative, unique and entertaining events. The Orlando Film Festival also fosters the growth of emerging and established film producers.
The festival is open to film of all lengths and genres, including experimental, narrative, animation, documentary, and genre hybrids. The festival’s mission is to provide a worldwide public forum for moving image exhibitions, to encourage and showcase artists of the moving image, to promote the moving image as art, and to offer educational outreach. The Orlando Film Festival has become one of the most active film organizations in the country championing artists' rights of expression and free speech. Past celebrity attendees are Marcia Gay Harden (2006), Joe Pantoliano (2007), Olympia Dukakis, and Haley Joel Osment & Alison Brie (2010).
The 2008 festival ran November 5–9, and opened with the an advance screening of the feature film Courting Condi. That film won the award for Best Performance. First prize for the Best Director category went to Jennifer Lynch, for her film Surveillance; second prize went to Sebastian Doggart for Courting Condi. The Best Documentary award went to "Dear Zachary". First prize for Best Picture went to "Contract Killers"; second prize went to Courting Condi.

</doc>
<doc id="19375347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375347" title="Jamuhar">
Jamuhar

Jamuhar is a village in the Rohtas district of Bihar, India.
Etymology of the name.
The name "Jamuhar" is derived from the words ‘‘Yam Har“ means "Yamdoot was defeated by Villagers". The phrase means villagers of this village were very strong and brave. The village was inhabited in medieval period.
History.
Loha Singh and Tara Singh left Fatehpur Sikri in the period of the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb. They were Sikarwar (Sikriwal) Rajputs. They came with their family and followers the the banks of Kai (Cow) River in Shahabad district east of Sasaram in a forest near the Kaimur Hills. They inhabited the village Jamuhar with the help of their family and followers.
Geography and climate.
Jamuhar is very fertile flat land. It is drained by the Kai (Cow) river originating in the Kaimur Hills Valley. 
Jamuhar is mildly cold in the winter (the lowest temperatures being around . Winter months are December and January. It is hot in the summer (with average highs around . April to mid June are the hot months. The monsoon months of June, July, August, and September see good rainfall. October & November and February & March have pleasant climate.
Villages in Jamuhar Panchayat.
Villages within the Jamuhar panchayat include
Demographics.
Population.
Jamuhar has 491 households with a total of 3916 residents.
Education.
Jamuhar is served by the Kanya Madhya Vidyalaya middle school and the Jamuhar High School, and is home to several institutions of higher learning:
Eminent Personality.
All villagers are engaged in different type of works; there is no more problem regarding employment.
Religion.
Chhath.
The celebration of Chhath is a major event of the Jamuhar religious calendar. 
The Chhath Pooja in Jamuhar is celebrated on the bank of Canal of Kai River and other Ponds (Talabs).
Places of worship.
The temple of Lord Shiva was made by all villagers. There is an old Shiv Ling (Budhwa Shiv Ji) also in the temple compound. The Kali Mandir is very old. There are many temples in the village. 
The Masjid of Jamuhar named "Makkah Madinih Masjid" is under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="19375361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375361" title="Wang Xiaolong">
Wang Xiaolong

Wang Xiaolong (; born 11 March 1986) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Shandong Luneng.
Wang Xiaolong would play for the Shandong Luneng youth team before moving to the senior team and would eventually earned his senior team debut on 29 March 2006 in a game against Shenzhen Kingway. He would later score his first senior goal against Liaoning Hongyun on 27 September 2008 in a 4-2 victory. With Shandong, he would twice win the league and the Chinese FA Cup, however he was unable to establish himself as a first choice player within the team and at the end of the 2009 season he was allowed to leave the club.
Beijing Guoan.
With the chance to return to his hometown and join reigning champions Beijing Guoan, Wang Xiaolong would make the switch from Shandong to Beijing at the beginning of the 2010 league season with teammate Wu Hao in a package deal.
Guangzhou R&F.
On 18 February 2014, Wang transferred to fellow Chinese Super League side Guangzhou R&F.
International career.
In December 2006, he would be called up to the Chinese under-23 national team in preparation for 2008 Summer Olympics and would play in several official and unofficial friendlies including a match where he scored a goal against Bayern Munich on 13 January 2008. Wang would not go to the Olympics, however after he established himself at Beijing he would be promoted to the senior team on 3 June 2012 when he played against Spain in a 1-0 defeat.
Honours.
Club.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="19375365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375365" title="2005 United Kingdom general election result in Glasgow">
2005 United Kingdom general election result in Glasgow

These are the collated results of the United Kingdom general election, 2005 in the city of Glasgow in Scotland.
For individual results see Results of the United Kingdom general election, 2005. 
This summary does not include the Scottish National Party gain at the Glasgow East by-election, 2008
See also.
For other collated results see:

</doc>
<doc id="19375370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375370" title="Carolyne Lepage">
Carolyne Lepage

Carolyne Lepage (born June 9, 1975 in Montreal, Quebec) is a female judoka from Canada, who won the silver medal in the women's extra lightweight division (– 48 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She represented her native country at two Summer Olympics: in 1996 and 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19375372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375372" title="Secunderabad-Nanded Express">
Secunderabad-Nanded Express

The Secunderabad-Nanded Express is a passenger rail service that operates between the cities of Secunderabad in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh and Nanded in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is operated by the South Central Railway region of the Indian Railways. The service lists under the Nanded division of the South Central Railway and was restarted in early 2006 after the complete conversion of the Nanded division from metre gauge to broad gauge under Project Unigauge. This is a daily service.
Locomotive.
The entire Nanded division of the South Central Railway has non-electrified track. Hence, a single WDM2A locomotive hauls the train both ways, the locomotive usually belongs to the Guntakal, Maula Ali or Pune sheds.
Stoppages.
Train no. 7039, Secunderabad JN to Nanded (SC to NED) stops in the following stations:
Train no. 7040, Nanded to Secunderabad JN (NED to SC) stops in the reverse order of the above list.

</doc>
<doc id="19375389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375389" title="Waterford Mott High School">
Waterford Mott High School

Waterford Mott High School (WMHS) is a public high school in the Waterford School District located in Waterford, Michigan.
About Mott.
Mott opened in 1969 with the first graduating class in June 1970. In 1983, the school district consolidated high schools and closed Waterford Township High School. This left two high schools in the district, Mott and Kettering. In the fall of 1990, 9th graders joined the Mott student body. There are approximately 1800 students attending Mott in grades 9-12. Students are offered a variety of classes in all four core areas as well as art, auto mechanics, business, computer science, foreign language, health occupations, music, physical education, technology, theater and video production. 
Waterford Mott hosts a variety of clubs and programs including: the Anti-Defamation League, Bible Club, Board Game Club, Chess Club, DECA Marketing Club, Destination Imagination, Drama Club, International Thespian Society (ITS), Gay/Straight Alliance, Hazards of Tobacco (HOT), Link Crew, National Art Honor Society, National Honor Society (NHS), Positive Peer Influence (PPI), Quiz Bowl, Students Against Destructive Decisions (SADD), Student Council, Student Leadership, Robotics, Freestyle Walking, and Yearbook staff.

</doc>
<doc id="19375396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375396" title="Readin' and Writin'">
Readin' and Writin'

"Readin' and Writin'" is a 1932 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 111th (22nd talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
It is the first day of school and children are beginning school for the first time. Breezy Brisbane is returning for another year. His mother tells him that he is to study hard in school and that he will be president some day. He answers back that he does not want to be president and wants to be a street car conductor, because "Boy, do they pick up the nickels!". Brisbane then visits the blacksmith who gives him some encouraging words. Brisbane makes a wise remark, angering the blacksmith who tells Brisbane of a kid that got expelled back when he was a child. Brisbane then gets some bright ideas to get himself kicked out of school.
Brisbane tells Stymie to call Miss Crabtree "Crabby", tells Dorothy to give Miss Crabtree a note stating she is hard of hearing, and tells Wheezer to answer questions rudely. Brisbane also puts tacks on the seats, glues Miss Crabtree's books together, and blows a loud horn in the classroom. 
Spud then recites a poem honoring the teacher. Brisbane then throws a spitball at Sherwood. Miss Crabtree sends Brisbane out in the hall. Brisbane then brings Dinah the Mule inside the schoolroom. Miss Crabtree then punishes Brisbane and tells him to learn Sherwood's poem and recite every verse to the class. Brisbane refuses and Miss Crabtree suspends him pending expulsion. Brisbane then realizes that being out of school with no one to play with and nothing to do is not all that much fun. He then learns the poem and sincerely apologizes to Miss Crabtree. She still makes him recite the poem and he does so in tears. Then Marmalade accidentally brings in a skunk from outside and it sprays, sending the class all outside and eliciting a bugeyed reaction from Pete the Pup.

</doc>
<doc id="19375400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375400" title="Patriotic Union of Mandebeleland">
Patriotic Union of Mandebeleland

The Patriotic Union of MAndebeleland (PUMA) is a minor Zimbabwean political party. It was launched in Bulawayo in February, 2006 by ex-ZANU PF politician Leonard Nkala. It seeks to divide Matabeleland and the Midlands into eight regions and devolve legislative and administrative power to those regions. It also supports a commission of inquiry into the deaths of more than 20,000 Zimbabweans at the hands of Robert Mugabe's government in Matabeleland in the 1980s. It supports the recruitment of local Ndebele inhabitants for State jobs in Matabeleland but denies any intention to secede from Zimbabwe.
Its launch in March, 2006 attracted 47 people, mainly Ndebeles over the age of forty.
The party contested the Zimbabwean parliamentary election, 2008, running seven candidates and gaining 523 votes (0.02%).
Along with three other minor opposition parties, PUMA is a member of the Zimbabwe Organisation of Opposition Political Parties.

</doc>
<doc id="19375419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375419" title="Kelleth">
Kelleth

Kelleth is a small village in Cumbria, England, containing around a dozen houses and a toy factory. It is approximately from Penrith. It is in the Lune Valley, is situated next to the River Lune and is at an altitude of 750feet (approx 230metres). The oldest houses in the village date as far back as the 17th century.
The village has previously gone by the names "Kellath" and "Kellathe".
Geography and Land Use.
Kelleth is a rural village and much of the land (more than 50%) is used for farming.
Situated on the outskirts of the village are 3 disused limekilns.

</doc>
<doc id="19375429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375429" title="Li Wei (footballer born 1985)">
Li Wei (footballer born 1985)

Li Wei (; born 18 March 1985 in Beijing) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
While Li Wei was born in Beijing he move to Shandong to begin his football career and would play for the Shandong Luneng under-19 youth team. With Shandong Luneng comfortably winning the 2006 Chinese Super League title the club's manager Ljubiša Tumbaković would allow Li Wei to graduate to the senior team on October 5, 2006 coming on as a substitute against Shanghai Shenhua in a 2-1 defeat. This was however his only appearance in the season and it was not until the 2007 league season that saw Li Wei establish himself as regular member of the Shandong team when he played in seventeen league games for them, which also included his first senior goal on May 9, 2007 in an AFC Champions League group game vs Adelaide United at Jinan. This was followed by his first league goal against Wuhan Guanggu on September 5, 2007 in a 2-0 win. The following season, however would see Li Wei struggle to remain as a first choice player and despite winning the 2008 Chinese Super League title with the club he was mainly used as a peripheral squad player within the team. He would continue to be used as a substitute until the introduction of Branko Ivanković as the club's new manager in the 2010 league season, able to play in numerous midfield positions saw Li Wei gain significantly more playing time under Ivanković's reign and aid Shandong to another league title.
Honours.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="19375438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375438" title="Lysos">
Lysos

Lysos () is a village in Cyprus, about 36 kilometres from Paphos. The population was 160 in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19375440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375440" title="2001 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
2001 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Cédric Pioline was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Andreas Vinciguerra.
Nicolas Escudé won in the final 7–5, 3–6, 7–6 (7–5) against Roger Federer.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19375444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375444" title="Dulce Piña">
Dulce Piña

Dulce Piña (born September 12, 1966) is a female judoka from the Dominican Republic, who won the bronze medal in the women's middleweight division (– 70 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, alongside Ecuador's Diana Chalá. She represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19375453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375453" title="Raaj Kamal Films International">
Raaj Kamal Films International

Raaj Kamal Films International is an Indian film production and distribution company founded and headed by Kamal Haasan. "Raja Paarvai" (1981) was the first film to be produced by them under the banner "Hasan brothers" before renaming it to Raaj Kamal Films International. Key people involved include Kamal's brothers Charuhasan and Chandrahasan.

</doc>
<doc id="19375456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375456" title="HD 128198">
HD 128198

HD 128198 is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19375484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375484" title="Everly Brothers Show">
Everly Brothers Show

Everly Brothers Show is a live album by close harmony rock and roll duo The Everly Brothers, released in 1970.
"The Everly Brothers Show" was a one-hour musical variety show on the ABC television network. It began as a summer replacement in 1970 for "The Johnny Cash Show". Warner Bros. Records released a double LP at the same time, but the album was not a soundtrack to the TV series.
It was re-issued as a double CD set by Collector's Choice Records in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19375543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375543" title="Amy Spangler">
Amy Spangler

Amy Spangler is a breastfeeding expert and president of baby gooroo who has lectured extensively and published several books on breastfeeding. In addition to earning a bachelor’s and master’s degree in nursing, Spangler is a RN and IBCLC and has held a number of leadership positions with national and international organizations including President of the International Lactation Consultant Association. She has also served as an "expert" contributor to Breastfeeding.com and as a member of their professional advisory board.
Career.
Spangler earned a Bachelor's degree in Nursing from Ohio State University and a Master's degree in Maternal and Child Health from the University of Florida. Spangler is currently a member of the adjunct faculty at Emory University's Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing.
Spangler published her first book "Breastfeeding: A Parent’s Guide" in 1985. "Breastfeeding: A Parent’s Guide" is now in its 9th edition. Spangler has also published two subsequent books: "Breastfeeding: Keep It Simple" and "Breastfeeding: Your Guide To A Healthy, Happy Baby" in 2000 and 2004 respectively.
From 1996 to 1998, Spangler served as president of the International Lactation Consultant Association. Then from 2002 to 2004, she served as chair of the United States Breastfeeding Committee. She has also held positions with the International Board of Lactation Consultant Examiners, Association of Women’s Health Obstetric Neonatal Nursing, International Childbirth Education Association, La Leche League International, Georgia Breastfeeding Task Force, Georgia Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics, Southeastern Lactation Consultant Association, Breastfeeding.com and U.S. Food and Drug Administration Infant Formula Subcommittee.
Spangler has also worked as a consultant for an Ad Council campaign and as a commentator on various news programs, including "20/20" and "Good Morning America".
baby gooroo.
Since 1987, with the founding of Amy's Babies, Spangler has focused on educating parents and health professionals about breastfeeding and infant/child nutrition through the development of books, brochures, posters, and videos. In 2000, the company launched its first e-commerce store to accommodate online purchases. The site was expanded in 2004 into a feature-driven news site and the company was renamed baby gooroo with the goal of becoming the definitive online resource for information related to breastfeeding, health, nutrition, and safety. Under Spangler’s leadership, baby gooroo has assembled a team of breastfeeding and parenting experts who provide readers with information that is accurate, balanced, and timely.
Since the 1985 release of Breastfeeding: A Parent's Guide, baby gooroo has sold over two million copies of its three books to parents, healthcare facilities, and government agencies nationwide.
Life.
Spangler lives in Atlanta, Georgia with her husband Dennis. They have two sons, Matthew and Adam.

</doc>
<doc id="19375548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375548" title="Tânia Ferreira">
Tânia Ferreira

Tânia Ferreira (born July 17, 1974 in Santos, São Paulo) is a female judoka from Brazil. She won the bronze medal in the women's lightweight division (– 57 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19375555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375555" title="Muzik (disambiguation)">
Muzik (disambiguation)

muzik from the Russian: peasant, living in very poor conditions, typically working on a small piece of rented, rarely owned, land.
Muzik was a British music magazine.
Muzik may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19375558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375558" title="Xia Ningning">
Xia Ningning

Xia Ningning (; born 4 January 1987 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Tianjin Songjiang in the China League One.
Club career.
Xia Ningning made his senior club debut on June 25, 2008 for Shandong Luneng as a substitute in a league game vs Changsha Ginde in a 1-0 victory. Due to his ability to play on the left side of the pitch he would be used as a versatile substitute throughout the season and gained himself a league title medal at the end of the season.
0n 11 January 2014, Xia transferred to China League One side Tianjin Songjiang.
Honours.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="19375573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375573" title="Hearts and Minds (BBC)">
Hearts and Minds (BBC)

Hearts and Minds was a politics and current affairs programme presented by Noel Thompson for BBC Northern Ireland. The show was broadcast on Thursday nights at 19:30 on BBC Two and 23:35 on BBC One, and on Sunday afternoons on BBC Parliament. The show often featured the main Northern Ireland politicians to discuss the biggest event in local politics of that week and aired from 1996 to 2012.
Format.
A section in the middle of "Hearts and Minds" called "If You Ask Me..." features a journalist giving their opinion on certain events that happened in the week and a comedic cartoon is also shown. Journalists who have taken part in this section include Malachi O'Doherty Fionnuala O'Connor and Liam Clarke as well as Alex Kane, Newton Emerson, Lindsay Allen and Fionola Meredith. At the end of the show there is always a comedy sketch featuring Tim McGarry, best known for playing Da in "Give My Head Peace" as a Belfast black taxi driver and picking up Noel Thompson from the BBC Broadcasting House in Belfast. In this sketch McGarry provides a comedic monologue discussing the weekly events.
Axing and final show.
"Hearts and Minds" was axed by BBC Northern Ireland at the end of June 2012 after years of speculation it would end. The final episode aired on 21 June 2012 with Noel Thompson chairing the show as usual and also played the original titles at the start. The show featured a look back at the past 16 years and featured a panel with all political parties except Sinn Féin as they pulled out at the last minute. The last show featured Malachi O'Doherty in the "If You Ask Me..." section looking back at the show and events at the time with the usual cartoon drawings of all political figures. The final episode showed all big moments such as interviews with leaders and the first time the UUP and Sinn Féin appeared in a studio together and all the bust ups between Noel Thompson and various political figures. The show ended as always with Tim McGarry's taxi journey and ended with Noel saying thanks for watching and goodbye before a final caption saying "That's All Folks!" 
It will be replaced by a new politics show in September 2012 as BBC NI want all their politics programmes controlled by the same team therefore the "Stormont Today" and "Sunday Politics" teams will have a new programme on BBC NI on Thursday nights.

</doc>
<doc id="19375576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375576" title="Virgilio Fenoglio">
Virgilio Fenoglio

Virgilio Fenoglio (Santa Fe, February 20, 1902 – Buenos Aires, March 15, 1990) was an Argentine chess master, winner of 37 tournaments.
He played 13 times in Argentine Chess Championship, in the period 1928–1959. He was a winner of "Torneo Mayor" in 1930, but lost a match for the title to Isaias Pleci (4 : 6) in 1931.
He tied for 3rd–6th at Mar del Plata 1934 (the 4th South American Chess Championship, Aaron Schwartzman won), tied for 13–14th at Buenos Aires 1934/35 (the 5th South American–ch, Luis Piazzini won), shared 3rd at Mar del Plata 1936 (the 6th South American–ch, Pléci won), took 3rd at São Paulo 1937 (the 7th South American–ch, Rodrigo Flores won), took 3rd in the Montevideo 1938 chess tournament (the 8th South American–ch, Alexander Alekhine won), shared 1st with Carlos Guimard and Julio Bolbochan at Rio de Janeiro 1938 ("Torneio Sulamericano"), tied for 14–15th at Mar del Plata chess tournament 1942 (Miguel Najdorf won), and took 12th at Mar del Plata 1943 (Najdorf won).

</doc>
<doc id="19375577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375577" title="Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis">
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis

Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) – also referred to as motor neurone disease (MND) in most Commonwealth countries, and as Lou Gehrig's disease in the United States – is a debilitating disease with varied etiology characterized by rapidly progressive weakness, muscle atrophy and fasciculations, muscle spasticity, difficulty speaking (dysarthria), difficulty swallowing (dysphagia), and difficulty breathing (dyspnea). ALS is the most common of the five motor neuron diseases.
Signs and symptoms.
The disorder causes muscle weakness and atrophy throughout the body due to the degeneration of the upper and lower motor neurons. Unable to function, the muscles weaken and exhibit atrophy. Individuals affected by the disorder may ultimately lose the ability to initiate and control all voluntary movement, although bladder and bowel sphincters and the muscles responsible for eye movement are usually, but not always, spared until the terminal stages of the disease.
Cognitive function is generally spared for most patients, although some (about 5%) also have frontotemporal dementia. A higher proportion of patients (30–50%) also have more subtle cognitive changes which may go unnoticed, but are revealed by detailed neuropsychological testing. Infrequently ALS coexists in individuals who also experience dementia, degenerative muscle disease, and degenerative bone disease as part of a syndrome called multisystem proteinopathy. Sensory nerves and the autonomic nervous system are generally unaffected, meaning the majority of people with ALS will maintain hearing, sight, touch, smell, and taste.
Initial symptoms.
The earliest symptoms of ALS are typically obvious weakness and/or muscle atrophy. Other presenting symptoms include trouble swallowing, muscle fasciculation (twitching), cramping, or stiffness of affected muscles; muscle weakness affecting an arm or a leg; and/or slurred and nasal speech. The parts of the body affected by early symptoms of ALS depend on which motor neurons in the body are damaged first. About 75% of people contracting the disease experience "limb onset" ALS, "i.e.", first symptoms in the arms or legs. Patients with the leg onset form may experience awkwardness when walking or running or notice that they are tripping or stumbling, often with a "dropped foot" which drags gently along the ground. Arm-onset patients may experience difficulty with tasks requiring manual dexterity such as buttoning a shirt, writing, or turning a key in a lock. Occasionally, the symptoms remain confined to one limb for a long period of time or for the whole length of the illness; this is known as monomelic amyotrophy.
About 25% of cases are "bulbar onset" ALS. These patients first notice difficulty speaking clearly or swallowing. Speech may become slurred, nasal in character, or quieter. Other symptoms include difficulty swallowing and loss of tongue mobility. A smaller proportion of patients experience "respiratory onset" ALS, where the intercostal muscles that support breathing are affected first. A small proportion of patients may also present with what appears to be frontotemporal dementia, but later progresses to include more typical ALS symptoms.
Over time, patients experience increasing difficulty moving, swallowing (dysphagia), and speaking or forming words (dysarthria). Symptoms of upper motor neuron involvement include tight and stiff muscles (spasticity) and exaggerated reflexes (hyperreflexia) including an overactive gag reflex. An abnormal reflex commonly called Babinski's sign also indicates upper motor neuron damage. Symptoms of lower motor neuron degeneration include muscle weakness and atrophy, muscle cramps, and fleeting twitches of muscles that can be seen under the skin (fasciculations). Around 15–45% of patients experience pseudobulbar affect, also known as "emotional lability", which consists of uncontrollable laughter, crying or smiling, attributable to degeneration of bulbar upper motor neurons resulting in exaggeration of motor expressions of emotion. To be diagnosed with ALS, patients must have signs and symptoms of both upper and lower motor neuron damage that cannot be attributed to other causes.
Progression.
Although the order and rate of symptoms varies from person to person, eventually most patients are not able to walk or use their hands and arms. They also lose the ability to speak and swallow their food, whilst most end on a portable ventilator, called BPAP. The rate of progression can be measured using an outcome measure called the "ALS Functional Rating Scale Revised (ALSFRS-R)", a 12-item instrument administered as a clinical interview or patient-reported questionnaire that produces a score between 48 (normal function) and 0 (severe disability). Though there is a high degree of variability and a small percentage of patients have much slower disease, on average, patients lose about 0.9 FRS point per month. A survey-based study amongst clinicians showed that they rated a 20% change in the slope of the ALSFRS-R would be clinically meaningful. Regardless of the part of the body first affected by the disease, muscle weakness and atrophy spread to other parts of the body as the disease progresses. In limb-onset ALS, symptoms usually spread from the affected limb to the opposite limb before affecting a new body region, whereas in bulbar-onset ALS symptoms typically spread to the arms before the legs.
Disease progression tends to be slower in patients who are younger than 40 at onset, have disease restricted primarily to one limb, and those with primarily upper motor neuron symptoms. Conversely, progression is faster and prognosis poorer in patients with bulbar-onset disease, respiratory-onset disease, and frontotemporal dementia.
Late stage.
Difficulty in chewing and swallowing makes eating very difficult and increases the risk of choking or of aspirating food into the lungs. In later stages of the disease, aspiration pneumonia can develop, and maintaining a healthy weight can become a significant problem that may require the insertion of a feeding tube. As the diaphragm and intercostal muscles of the rib cage that support breathing weaken, measures of lung function such as vital capacity and inspiratory pressure diminish. In respiratory onset ALS, this may occur before significant limb weakness is apparent. External ventilation machines that use the ventilation mode of bilevel positive airway pressure (BPAP) are frequently used to support breathing, initially at night, and later during the daytime as well. The use of BPAP (more often referred to as non-invasive ventilation, NIV) is only a temporary remedy, however, and it is recommended that long before BPAP stops being effective, patients should decide whether to have a tracheotomy and long term mechanical ventilation. At this point, some patients choose palliative hospice care. Most people with ALS die of respiratory failure or pneumonia.
Although respiratory support can ease problems with breathing and prolong survival, it does not affect the progression of ALS. Most people with ALS die from respiratory failure, usually within three to five years from the onset of symptoms. The median survival time from onset to death is around 39 months, and only 4% survive longer than 10 years. Physicist Stephen Hawking has lived with the disease for more than 50 years, though he is an unusual case.
Cause.
Genetics.
There is a known hereditary factor in familial ALS (FALS), where the condition is known to run in families. A defect on chromosome 21, which codes for superoxide dismutase, is associated with approximately 20% of familial cases of ALS, or about 2% of ALS cases overall. This mutation is believed to be transmitted in an autosomal dominant manner, and has over a hundred different forms of mutation. The most common ALS-causing "SOD1" mutation in North American patients is SOD1, characterized by an exceptionally rapid progression from onset to death. The most common mutation found in Scandinavian countries, D90A, is more slowly progressive than typical ALS and patients with this form of the disease survive for an average of 11 years.
In 2011, a genetic abnormality known as a hexanucleotide repeat was found in a region called C9orf72, which is associated with ALS combined with frontotemporal dementia ALS-FTD, and accounts for some 6% of cases of ALS among white Europeans.
To date, a number of genetic mutations have been associated with various types of ALS. The currently known associations are as follows:
"SOD1".
The precise cause of ALS is still not known, though a first important step toward determining the cause came in 1993 when scientists discovered that mutations in the gene that produces the Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase (SOD1) enzyme were associated with some cases (approximately 20%) of familial ALS. This enzyme is a powerful antioxidant that protects the body from damage caused by superoxide, a toxic free radical generated in the mitochondria. Free radicals are highly reactive molecules produced by cells during normal metabolism. Free radicals can accumulate and cause damage to both mitochondrial and nuclear DNA and proteins within cells. To date, over 110 different mutations in SOD1 have been linked with the disease, some of which have a very long clinical course (e.g. H46R), while others, such as A4V, being exceptionally aggressive. Evidence suggests that failure of defenses against oxidative stress up-regulates programmed cell death (apoptosis), among many other possible consequences. Although it is not yet clear how the SOD1 gene mutation leads to motor neuron degeneration, researchers have theorized that an accumulation of free radicals may result from the faulty functioning of this gene. Current research, however, indicates that motor neuron death is not likely a result of lost or compromised dismutase activity, suggesting mutant SOD1 induces toxicity in some other way (a gain of function).
Studies involving transgenic mice have yielded several theories about the role of SOD1 in mutant SOD1 familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Mice lacking the SOD1 gene entirely do not customarily develop ALS, although they do exhibit an acceleration of age-related muscle atrophy (sarcopenia) and a shortened lifespan (see article on superoxide dismutase). This indicates that the toxic properties of the mutant SOD1 are a result of a gain in function rather than a loss of normal function. In addition, aggregation of proteins has been found to be a common pathological feature of both familial and sporadic ALS (see article on proteopathy). Interestingly, in mutant SOD1 mice (most commonly, the G93A mutant), aggregates (misfolded protein accumulations) of mutant SOD1 were found only in diseased tissues, and greater amounts were detected during motor neuron degeneration. It is speculated that aggregate accumulation of mutant SOD1 plays a role in disrupting cellular functions by damaging mitochondria, proteasomes, protein folding chaperones, or other proteins. Any such disruption, if proven, would lend significant credibility to the theory that aggregates are involved in mutant SOD1 toxicity. Critics have noted that in humans, SOD1 mutations cause only 2% or so of overall cases and the etiological mechanisms may be distinct from those responsible for the sporadic form of the disease. To date, the ALS-SOD1 mice remain the best model of the disease for preclinical studies but it is hoped that more useful models will be developed.
Other factors.
Where no family history of the disease is present – i.e., in around 90% of cases – there is no known cause for ALS. Potential causes for which there is inconclusive evidence includes head trauma, military service, and participation in contact sports. More recently, some research has suggested that there may be a link between ALS and food contaminated by blue-green algae.
Studies also have focused on the role of glutamate in motor neuron degeneration. Glutamate is one of the chemical messengers or neurotransmitters in the brain. Scientists have found that, compared to healthy people, ALS patients have higher levels of glutamate in the serum and spinal fluid. Riluzole is currently the only FDA approved drug for ALS and targets glutamate transporters. It only has a modest effect on survival, however, suggesting that excess glutamate is not the sole cause of the disease.
Certain studies suggested a link between sporadic ALS, specifically in athletes, and a diet enriched with branched-chain amino acids. BCAAs, a common dietary supplement among athletes, cause cell hyper-excitability resembling that usually observed in ALS patients. The proposed underlying mechanism is that cell hyper-excitability results in increased calcium absorption by the cell and thus brings about cell death of neuronal cells, which have particularly low calcium buffering capabilities.
There is evidence that superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) protein misfolding propagates between molecules in a similar fashion to prions.
Another very common cause of ALS is a lesion to the motor system in areas such as the frontotemporal lobes. Lesions in these areas often show signs of early deficit, which can be used to predict the loss of motor function, and result in the spread of ALS. The mechanisms of ALS are present long before any signs or symtoms become apparent. It is estimated that before any muscular atrophy becomes apparent during ALS, roughly one-third of the motor neurons must be destroyed.
Many other potential causes, including chemical exposure, electromagnetic field exposure, occupation, physical trauma, and electric shock, have been investigated but without consistent findings.
Pathophysiology.
The defining feature of ALS is the death of both upper and lower motor neurons in the motor cortex of the brain, the brain stem, and the spinal cord. Prior to their destruction, motor neurons develop proteinaceous inclusions in their cell bodies and axons. This may be partly due to defects in protein degradation. These inclusions often contain ubiquitin, and generally incorporate one of the ALS-associated proteins: SOD1, TAR DNA binding protein (TDP-43, or TARDBP), or FUS.
Diagnosis.
No test can provide a definite diagnosis of ALS, although the presence of upper and lower motor neuron signs in a single limb is strongly suggestive. Instead, the diagnosis of ALS is primarily based on the symptoms and signs the physician observes in the patient and a series of tests to rule out other diseases. Physicians obtain the patient's full medical history and usually conduct a neurologic examination at regular intervals to assess whether symptoms such as muscle weakness, atrophy of muscles, hyperreflexia, and spasticity are getting progressively worse.
Because symptoms of ALS can be similar to those of a wide variety of other, more treatable diseases or disorders, appropriate tests must be conducted to exclude the possibility of other conditions. One of these tests is electromyography (EMG), a special recording technique that detects electrical activity in muscles. Certain EMG findings can support the diagnosis of ALS. Another common test measures nerve conduction velocity (NCV). Specific abnormalities in the NCV results may suggest, for example, that the patient has a form of peripheral neuropathy (damage to peripheral nerves) or myopathy (muscle disease) rather than ALS. The physician may order magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), a noninvasive procedure that uses a magnetic field and radio waves to take detailed images of the brain and spinal cord. Although these MRI scans are often normal in patients with ALS, they can reveal evidence of other problems that may be causing the symptoms, such as a spinal cord tumor, multiple sclerosis, a herniated disk in the neck, syringomyelia, or cervical spondylosis.
Based on the patient's symptoms and findings from the examination and from these tests, the physician may order tests on blood and urine samples to eliminate the possibility of other diseases as well as routine laboratory tests. In some cases, for example, if a physician suspects that the patient may have a myopathy rather than ALS, a muscle biopsy may be performed.
Infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), human T-cell leukaemia virus (HTLV), Lyme disease, syphilis and tick-borne encephalitis viruses can in some cases cause ALS-like symptoms. Neurological disorders such as multiple sclerosis, post-polio syndrome, multifocal motor neuropathy, CIDP, spinal muscular atrophy and spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy (SBMA)can also mimic certain facets of the disease and should be considered by physicians attempting to make a diagnosis.
ALS must be differentiated from the "ALS mimic syndromes" which are unrelated disorders that may have a similar presentation and clinical features to ALS or its variants. Because of the prognosis carried by this diagnosis and the variety of diseases or disorders that can resemble ALS in the early stages of the disease, patients should always obtain a specialist neurological opinion, so that alternative diagnoses are clinically ruled out.
However, most cases of ALS are readily diagnosed and the error rate of diagnosis in large ALS clinics is less than 10%. In one study, 190 patients who met the MND / ALS diagnostic criteria, complemented with laboratory research in compliance with both research protocols and regular monitoring. Thirty of these patients (16%) had their diagnosis completely changed, during the clinical observation development period. In the same study, three patients had a false negative diagnoses, myasthenia gravis (MG), an auto-immune disease. MG can mimic ALS and other neurological disorders leading to a delay in diagnosis and treatment. MG is eminently treatable; ALS is not. Myasthenic syndrome, also known as Lambert-Eaton syndrome (LES), can mimic ALS and its initial presentation can be similar to that of MG.
Current research focuses on abnormalities of neuronal cell metabolism involving glutamate and the role of potential neurotoxins and neurotrophic factors.
Management.
Riluzole (Rilutek) is the only treatment that has been found to improve survival but only to a modest extent. It lengthens survival by several months, and may have a greater survival benefit for those with a bulbar onset. It also extends the time before a person needs ventilation support. Riluzole does not reverse the damage already done to motor neurons, and people taking it must be monitored for liver damage (occurring in ~10% of people taking the drug). It is approved by Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and recommended by the National Institute for Clinical Excellence (NICE).
Other treatments for ALS are designed to relieve symptoms and improve the quality of life for patients. This supportive care is best provided by multidisciplinary teams of health care professionals working with patients and caregivers to keep patients as mobile and comfortable as possible.
Medications.
Medications may be used to help reduce fatigue, ease muscle cramps, control spasticity, and reduce excess saliva and phlegm. Drugs also are available to help patients with pain, depression, sleep disturbances, dysphagia, and constipation. Baclofen and diazepam are often prescribed to control the spasticity caused by ALS, and trihexyphenidyl or amitriptyline may be prescribed when ALS patients begin having trouble swallowing their saliva.
Therapy.
Physical therapists and occupational therapists play a large role in rehabilitation for individuals with ALS. Specifically, physical and occupational therapists can set goals and promote benefits for individuals with ALS by delaying loss of strength, maintaining endurance, limiting pain, preventing complications, and promoting functional independence.
Occupational therapy and special equipment such as assistive technology can also enhance patients' independence and safety throughout the course of ALS. Gentle, low-impact aerobic exercise such as performing activities of daily living (ADL's), walking, swimming, and stationary bicycling can strengthen unaffected muscles, improve cardiovascular health, and help patients fight fatigue and depression. Range of motion and stretching exercises can help prevent painful spasticity and shortening (contracture) of muscles. Physical and occupational therapists can recommend exercises that provide these benefits without overworking muscles. They can suggest devices such as ramps, braces, walkers, bathroom equipment (shower chairs, toilet risers, etc.) and wheelchairs that help patients remain mobile. Occupational therapists can provide or recommend equipment and adaptations to enable people to retain as much safety and independence in activities of daily living as possible.
ALS patients who have difficulty speaking may benefit from working with a speech-language pathologist. These health professionals can teach patients adaptive strategies such as techniques to help them speak louder and more clearly. As ALS progresses, speech-language pathologists can recommend the use of augmentative and alternative communication such as voice amplifiers, speech-generating devices (or voice output communication devices) and/or low tech communication techniques such as alphabet boards or yes/no signals.
Nutrition.
Patients and caregivers can learn from speech-language pathologists and nutritionists how to plan and prepare numerous small meals throughout the day that provide enough calories, fiber, and fluid and how to avoid foods that are difficult to swallow. Patients may begin using suction devices to remove excess fluids or saliva and prevent choking. Occupational therapists can assist with recommendations for adaptive equipment to ease the physical task of self-feeding. Speech language pathologists make food choice recommendations that are more conducive to their unique deficits and abilities. When patients can no longer get enough nourishment from eating, doctors may advise inserting a feeding tube into the stomach. The use of a feeding tube also reduces the risk of choking and pneumonia that can result from inhaling liquids into the lungs. The tube is not painful and does not prevent patients from eating food orally if they wish.
Researchers have stated that "ALS patients have a chronically deficient intake of energy and recommended augmentation of energy intake" and that patients suffer from a severe loss of appetite. Both animal and human research suggest that ALS patients should be encouraged to consume as many calories as possible and not to restrict their calorie intake. As of 2012 there remained "a lack of robust evidence for interventions" for the management of weight loss.
Research has found that people who ate fruits and vegetables containing carotenoids, an oxidative compound strengthen immune system response, had reduced chance of developing ALS. There are three primary carotenoids that act as oxidative compounds called beta-carotene, lycopene, and lutein found in fruits and vegetables each found in different foods like carrots, watermelon, and tomatoes.
Breathing support.
When the muscles that assist in breathing weaken, use of ventilatory assistance (intermittent positive pressure ventilation (IPPV), bilevel positive airway pressure (BIPAP), or biphasic cuirass ventilation (BCV) may be used to aid breathing. Such devices artificially inflate the patient's lungs from various external sources that are applied directly to the face or body. When muscles are no longer able to maintain oxygen and carbon dioxide levels, these devices may be used full-time. BCV has the added advantage of being able to assist in clearing secretions by using high-frequency oscillations followed by several positive expiratory breaths. Patients may eventually consider forms of mechanical ventilation (respirators) in which a machine inflates and deflates the lungs. To be effective, this may require a tube that passes from the nose or mouth to the windpipe (trachea) and for long-term use, an operation such as a tracheotomy, in which a plastic breathing tube is inserted directly in the patient's windpipe through an opening in the neck.
Patients and their families should consider several factors when deciding whether and when to use one of these options. Ventilation devices differ in their effect on the patient's quality of life and in cost. Although ventilation support can ease problems with breathing and prolong survival, it does not affect the progression of ALS. Patients need to be fully informed about these considerations and the long-term effects of life without movement before they make decisions about ventilation support. Some patients under long-term tracheotomy intermittent positive pressure ventilation with deflated cuffs or cuffless tracheotomy tubes (leak ventilation) are able to speak, provided their bulbar muscles are strong enough. This technique preserves speech in some patients with long-term mechanical ventilation. Other patients may be able to utilize a speaking valve such as a Passey-Muir Speaking Valve with the assistance and guidance of a speech-language pathologist.
Palliative care.
Social workers and home care and hospice nurses help patients, families, and caregivers with the medical, emotional, and financial challenges of coping with ALS, particularly during the final stages of the disease. Social workers provide support such as assistance in obtaining financial aid, arranging durable power of attorney, preparing a living will, and finding support groups for patients and caregivers. Home nurses are available not only to provide medical care but also to teach caregivers about tasks such as maintaining respirators, giving feedings, and moving patients to avoid painful skin problems and contractures. Home hospice nurses work in consultation with physicians to ensure proper medication, pain control, and other care affecting the quality of life of patients who wish to remain at home. The home hospice team can also counsel patients and caregivers about end-of-life issues.
Epidemiology.
ALS is one of the most common neuromuscular diseases worldwide, and people of all races and ethnic backgrounds are affected. One or two out of 100,000 people develop ALS each year. Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis affects approximately 30,000 Americans. ALS cases are estimated at 1.2-4.0 per 100,000 individuals in Caucasian populations with a lower rate in other ethnic populations. ALS most commonly strikes people between 40 and 60 years of age, but younger and older people can also develop the disease. Men are affected slightly more often than women.
Although the incidence of ALS is thought to be regionally uniform, there are three regions in the West Pacific where there has in the past been an elevated occurrence of ALS. This seems to be declining in recent decades. The largest is the area of Guam inhabited by the Chamorro people, who have historically had a high incidence (as much as 143 cases per 100,000 people per year) of a condition called Lytico-Bodig disease which is a combination of symptoms similar to ALS, parkinsonism, and dementia. Lytico-Bodig disease has been linked to the consumption and topical use of cycad seeds and in particular, the chemical found in cycad seeds, β-methylamino-L-alanine (BMAA). Two more areas of increased incidence are West Papua and the Kii Peninsula of Japan, both with topical cycad seed use.
Although there have been reports of several "clusters" including three American football players from the San Francisco 49ers, more than fifty association football players in Italy, three association football-playing friends in the south of England, and reports of conjugal (husband and wife) cases in the south of France, these are statistically plausible chance events. Although many authors consider ALS to be caused by a combination of genetic and environmental risk factors, so far the latter have not been firmly identified, other than a higher risk with increasing age.
History.
Etymology.
"Amyotrophic" comes from the Greek language: "A-" means "no", "myo" refers to "muscle", and "trophic" means "nourishment"; "amyotrophic" therefore means "no muscle nourishment," which describes the characteristic atrophication of the sufferer's disused muscle tissue. "Lateral" identifies the areas in a person's spinal cord where portions of the nerve cells that are affected are located. As this area degenerates it leads to scarring or hardening ("sclerosis") in the region.
Clinical research.
A number of clinical trials are underway globally for ALS; a comprehensive listing of trials in the US can be found at ClinicalTrials.gov.
A phase II trial on tirasemtiv has been completed with a follow-on Phase IIb study in progress under the name "BENEFIT-ALS". Results of the first study are available here. The current trial is an international, placebo-controlled, multi-center study on 680 participants. This makes it one of the largest studies to date. A phase II trial on Ozanezumab is in progress. It is a large multi-site international research project sponsored by GSK.
A phase II clinical trial is being conducted by BrainStorm Cell Therapeutics at the Hadassah Medical Center in Israel and interim results "demonstrated a tendency toward stabilization in some parameters in the ALS Functional Rating Scale." Patients in the trial have bone marrow stem cells removed and differentiated in a clean room into cells that express neurotropic factors. The cells are injected back into the same patient via an intrathecal injection and intramuscular injections. A second phase II trial is expected to open in the United States at several institutions including the Mayo Clinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19375581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375581" title="Psychogenic pain">
Psychogenic pain

Psychogenic pain, also called psychalgia, is physical pain that is caused, increased, or prolonged by mental, emotional, or behavioral factors. 
Headache, back pain, or stomach pain are some of the most common types of psychogenic pain. It may occur, rarely, in persons with a mental disorder, but more commonly it accompanies or is induced by social rejection, broken heart, grief, love sickness, or other such emotional events. 
Sufferers are often stigmatized, because both medical professionals and the general public tend to think that pain from psychological source is not "real". However, specialists consider that it is no less actual or hurtful than pain from other sources. 
The International Association for the Study of Pain defines pain as "an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage, "or described in terms of such damage"" (emphasis added). In the note accompanying that definition, the following can be found about pain that happens for psychological reasons:
Many people report pain in the absence of tissue damage or any likely pathophysiological cause; usually this happens for psychological reasons. There is usually no way to distinguish their experience from that due to tissue damage if we take the subjective report. If they regard their experience as pain and if they report it in the same ways as pain caused by tissue damage, it should be accepted as pain.
Medicine refers also to psychogenic pain or psychalgia as a form of chronic pain under the name of "persistent somatoform pain disorder" or "functional pain syndrome". Causes may be linked to stress, unexpressed emotional conflicts, psychosocial problems, or various mental disorders. Some specialists believe that psychogenic chronic pain exists as a protective distraction to keep dangerous repressed emotions such as anger or rage unconscious. 
It remains controversial, however, that chronic pain might arise purely from emotional causes. Treatment may include psychotherapy, antidepressants, analgesics, and other remedies that are used for chronic pain in general.

</doc>
<doc id="19375585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375585" title="Macchi M.8">
Macchi M.8

__NOTOC__
The Macchi M.8 was an Italian reconnaissance/bomber flying boat designed and built by Macchi. It was used by the Italian Naval Aviation and later was flown by crews from the United States Navy.
Design and development.
The M.8 was similar to earlier flying boat designs from the company but introduced a new rigid wing bracing (or interplane struts). The hull was improved from earlier designs and the tail unit was similar to that developed for the M.7. It was a biplane flying boat with the pilot and co-pilot in a side-by-side open cockpit with a further open cockpit forward of them for an observer. The third cockpit was fitted with machine gun ring and there was access inside the hull between the cockpits. The M.8 was powered by a single Isotta-Fraschini V.4B pusher engine mounted below the upper wing.
A total of 57 aircraft were built between 1917 and 1918 and were used for coastal reconnaissance and to attack enemy submarines. After World War I, a number of surviving aircraft were used at seaplane flying schools for instruction.

</doc>
<doc id="19375586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375586" title="Hadleigh railway station">
Hadleigh railway station

Hadleigh railway station was a station in Hadleigh, Suffolk, the terminus of the Hadleigh Railway, a short branch line from Bentley Junction.
The terminus had goods sidings on both the south-western and north-eastern sides. The latter serving malthouses and which were also used as a running round loop. There was also a small engine shed.
The station building was very ornate, if somewhat dwarfed by the adjacent malthouses, with attractive coupled chimneys and unusual windows with the frame and arch of stone.
The decline in passenger numbers using the branch can be seen in the sales figures from 1923 which were 14,447 compared to 5,086 just five years later in 1928.
The line to Hadleigh opened in 1847 and closed to passenger traffic in 1932, with freight services lingering on until 1965. Intermediate stations were at Capel and Raydon.
The station building still stands and is in use as a private residence.
A proposal to extend services by building a light railway between Hadleigh and Long Melford was reported in the Haverhill Echo on 10 March 1900, but this wasn't built.

</doc>
<doc id="19375596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375596" title="Channel 6 – Bariloche">
Channel 6 – Bariloche

LU93 TV Canal 6 de Bariloche is an Argentine private, over-the-air television station broadcasting from the city of San Carlos de Bariloche. It is the only over-the-air TV station available on this turistic point. As an Artear owned and operated station, it offers a schedule composed of soap operas, entertainment shows, news and movies. 

</doc>
<doc id="19375604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375604" title="Jeongganjang Cup">
Jeongganjang Cup

Jeongganjang Cup is a Go competition sponsored by Jeongganjang. The current title holder is Team Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19375616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375616" title="St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School (Lindsay)">
St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School (Lindsay)

St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School is a Catholic secondary school located in the southern part of Lindsay, Ontario. St Thomas Aquinas is currently the only Catholic secondary school in the City of Kawartha Lakes. The school was opened in 2000, and celebrated its 10th anniversary on March 29, 2011.
There are approximately 430 students enrolled in grades 9 through 12, making it the smallest of three high schools located in Lindsay. Students are required to wear a uniform supplied by R.J. McCarthy in navy blue, white, and khaki pieces specific to St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School. The school offers classes for the workplace, college and university-bound student, as well as 3 Specialist High Skills Majors (SHSM) in Arts and Culture, Health and Wellness, and Non-Profit Integrating with Community through Service. K courses are also offered at the school for students who are not achieving credits but are working towards building basic life skills, social skills and skills to prepare them for entry level jobs in the workplace. 
St. Thomas Aquinas SHSM Partnerships.
St. Thomas Aquinas has professional and community partnerships for SHSM students:
Ontario Youth Apprenticeship Program (OYAP).
The Ontario Youth Apprenticeship Program consists of a unique combination of Community College 
Trades Training and a Secondary School Cooperative Education Program. Students are registered as 
apprentices with the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (MTCU) and attend the college 
one to three days per week. By the end of the semester, they can earn their Basic - Level One Trade 
Qualifications in that program. The student remains an OYAP Apprentice until the end of the 
semester. Fees associated with the registration and College textbooks are covered by the OYAP 
Board Budget. These programs are considered “Dual Credit Programs” since the students receive 
both Secondary School and College credits during the semester. St. Thomas Aquinas' OYAP program is partnered with Durham College, Fleming College, and Loyalist College.

</doc>
<doc id="19375633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375633" title="Vincent Mentzel">
Vincent Mentzel

Vincent Mentzel was born on 28 September 1945 in Hoogkarspel in the Netherlands and is a Dutch photographer, who was knighted by Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands in 2007 for his contributions to photography. He lives and works in Rotterdam, is married and has a daughter.
Background.
Since the early 1970s, Vincent Mentzel has been a staff photographer for the major Dutch newspaper NRC Handelsblad and is now one of the best-known Dutch photojournalists. As staff photographer he has played a crucial role in shaping the paper’s image. He first distinguished himself as a photographer of important Dutch political personalities and then took on important foreign assignments. He also served as photo editor of M Magazine, NRC's monthly glossy Sunday magazine.
Photojournalism career.
Mentzel studied at the Rotterdam Art Academy (Rotterdam kunstacademie), now called the Willem de Kooning Academy of Fine Arts. Afterward he worked in the late 1960s as an assistant to the distinguished Amsterdam theatre photographer Maria Austria. From her he learned darkroom processing and printing techniques. 
Mentzel then worked as a freelance photojournalist for national newspapers and magazines. His early photographs are characterized by their narrow perspective, created by heavily printed skies and surroundings. His later work is lighter and more balanced. His use of a wide-angle lens gave his photos an unusual and striking perspective. 
NRC Handelsblad, the leading Dutch daily, quickly hired him. He became widely known for his photographs of politicians and statesmen. Mentzel established personal relationships with eminent politicians in the Dutch parliament and photographed them candidly in their private moments. His approach attracted attention and changed the character of political photography in the Netherlands. 
By the 1970s Mentzel had become known as the photographer of the powerful. His photos captured ministers, heads of state, and the Dutch royal family at home and abroad, as well as dictators. His photo of the Dutch prime minister Joop Den Uyl won the 1973 “Best Dutch Press Photo” award from the Amsterdam-based World Press Photo Foundation. However, Mentzel curtailed his work as a political photographer because he felt his friendships with politicians interfered with his journalistic independence. 
Even as he expanded his professional horizons, NRC Handelsblad gave Mentzel assignments of wider scope, dispatching him to cover not only extraordinary events and famous names but also ordinary people and places around the world. His first trip to China was during the Cultural Revolution in 1973. He proved skilled at capturing peasant life in China and Tibet, where he was one of the first to be allowed to enter. He also photographed street scenes in Tokyo, ordinary people in the southern United States, and kings and prime ministers.
Among the stories he covered were the Nieuwmarkt riots in Amsterdam over the building of the new metro system, the sectarian troubles in Northern Ireland, the Tiananmen Square student uprising, and war in Lebanon. These assignments firmly established his stature as a broadly talented photojournalist. 
And that is how Mentzel views himself and his calling: "I'm not an artist," he insists, despite the fact that many view his work as representative of true photographic art. "A newspaper is not an art magazine, or a picture book to be kept and treasured. It's something people look at, read, and then throw away. They shouldn't have to puzzle over what a newspaper photo is about. It's fine for a newspaper photo to be striking or beautiful, but its basic job, its reason for being, is to convey information. That's what photojournalism is about."
Later work.
Vincent Mentzel has consistently shared his knowledge, skills, and support through professional and educational organizations in the field. He serves as a jury member on many international photo contests. He has been a member of the executive board of the World Press Photo Foundation for more than two decades, and a board member of the Rotterdam Art Foundation (Rotterdamse Kunststichting) for a number of years. He is a member of the Advisory Board of the W. Eugene Smith Memorial Fund (New York) and was a board member of the Anna Cornelis foundation, which makes grant to aid photographers on important projects from 1996 to 2006. Since 2000 he has been a board member of the Amsterdam Photography Museum (Fotografiemuseum Amsterdam FOAM), which he helped to found.
Mentzel's photographs have been published in international newspapers and magazines such as Newsweek, Time, Life, and The New York Times. His photographs are included in many museum and private collections around the world. Mentzel's pictures also illustrate many textbooks.
For his work, he has been honored many times with the Silver Camera award (Zilveren Camera) of the Dutch Photojournalists Association (Nederlandse Vereniging of Fotojournalisten (NVF)) and by the World Press Photo Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19375634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375634" title="Lella Ricci">
Lella Ricci

Lella Ricci (1850 – October 7, 1871) was an Italian opera singer.
She was born in Italy as Adelaide Ricci to composer Luigi Ricci and opera singer Ludmila Stolz (1826–1910; the sister of Teresa Stolz). She inherited musical talent and enjoyed a great success in the Theatre "Principe Umberto" in Florence. Emilio Usiglio composed the opera "La scommessa" for her (the first performance was on July 6, 1870 in Florence). At age 21, Lella Ricci was invited by Bedřich Smetana to Prague to sing in the comic opera "Crispino e la comare" composed by her father. When in Prague she became pregnant (possibly by Smetana) but to keep her career she chose abortion and died due to internal bleeding. She was interred in Olšany Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19375659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375659" title="State of exception">
State of exception

A state of exception (German: "Ausnahmezustand") is a concept in the legal theory of Carl Schmitt, similar to a state of emergency, but based in the sovereign's ability to transcend the rule of law in the name of the public good. This concept is developed in a work of Giorgio Agamben, ""State of Exception"". 

</doc>
<doc id="19375675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375675" title="Liu Zhao (footballer)">
Liu Zhao (footballer)

Liu Zhao () (born 11 January 1985 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese football player who lasted played for Shandong Luneng. He is a versatile left-footed player who is able to play in numerous positions on the left side of the field.
Club career.
A graduate of the Shandong Luneng youth system, Liu Zhao would begin his professional football career when he made his senior club debut on July 6, 2003 in a league game vs Beijing Guo'an. Due to injury Liu Zhao was, however, unable to add many more games to his debut and while he scored his first goal for Shandong on May 26, 2005 in an AFC Champions League group game vs BEC Tero Sasana FC, in Thailand from a free-kick in a 4-0 win he would still spend much of the season injured. It was only within the 2008 Chinese Super League when Liu Zhao spent much of the season injury free that he started to establish himself within the Shandong team when he played in ten league games and helped them win the league title. After finally establishing himself as a regular within the side throughout the 2009 campaign the club brought in Branko Ivanković the following season to win back the league title, however this saw Liu Zhao limited to only four league appearances while Shandong won the 2010 Chinese Super League. After being unable to break back into the team the following season and with his contract now finished, Liu Zhao would decide to leave the club.
Honours.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="19375676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375676" title="Michael Barnes (judoka)">
Michael Barnes (judoka)

Michael Barnes (born August 7, 1973) is a retired male judoka from the United States, who won the bronze medal in the men's half heavyweight division (– 100 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games, alongside Cuba's Oreidis Despaigne.

</doc>
<doc id="19375711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375711" title="Edenhall">
Edenhall

Edenhall is a village located about a mile south of Langwathby, in the Eden district, in the county of Cumbria, England. Edenhall has a church called St Cuthbert's Church. The name Edenhall originates from Eden Hall house, the seat of the Musgrave family. 
Eden Hall.
The original Eden Hall was extended in the 1700s from materials salvaged from the demolition of Hartley castle, the ancestral home of the Musgrave family. It was rebuilt in 1821 by Sir Robert Smirke and rebuilt again in white stone in an Italianate style in the late 1860s. The hall was sold in the early 1900s when the Musgrave family moved to London and was demolished in 1934. 
The hall was noteworthy as the home of the Luck of Eden Hall, one of the oldest glass vessels in existence. Reputedly stolen from the fairies it was actually an Islamic beaker dating from the 14th century. It is now in the Victoria and Albert museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19375747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19375747" title="1911 World Figure Skating Championships">
1911 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1911 men competitions took place on February 2nd to 3rd, 1911 in Berlin, German Empire.
The 1911 ladies competitions took place on January 22nd, 1911 in Vienna, Austria. There were only three competitors.
The 1911 pairs competition took place January 22nd, 1911 also in Vienna, Austria. Only one pair competed.
The judges for the ladies and the pairs competition were the same.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
