<doc id="19151448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151448" title="Identity correlation">
Identity correlation

In information systems, identity correlation is a process that reconciles and validates the proper ownership of disparate user account login IDs (user names) that reside on systems and applications throughout an organization and can permanently link ownership of those user account login IDs to particular individuals by assigning a unique identifier (also called primary or common keys) to all validated account login IDs.
The process of identity correlation validates that individuals only have account login IDs for the appropriate systems and applications a user should have access to according to the organization’s business policies, access control policies and various application requirements.
A unique identifier, in the context of identity correlation, is any identifier which is guaranteed to be unique among all identifiers used for a group of individuals and for a specific purpose. There are three main types of unique identifiers, each corresponding to a different generation strategy:
• Serial numbers, assigned incrementally
• Random numbers, selected from a number space much larger than the maximum (or expected) number of objects to be identified. Although not really unique, some identifiers of this type may be appropriate for identifying objects in many practical applications, and so are referred to as “unique” within this context 
• Name or codes allocated by choice, but are forced to be unique by keeping a central registry such as the EPC Information Services of the EPCglobal Network
For the purposes of identity correlation, a unique identifier is typically a serial number or random number selected from a number space much larger than the maximum number of individuals who will be identified. A unique identifier, in this context, is typically represented as an additional attribute in the directory associated with each particular data source. However, adding an attribute to each system-specific directory may affect application requirements or specific business requirements, depending on the requirements of the organization. Under these circumstances, unique identifiers may not be an acceptable addition to an organization.
Basic Requirements of Identity Correlation.
Identity Correlation involves several factors:
1. Linking Disparate Account IDs Across Multiple Systems or Applications
Many organizations must find a method to comply with audits that require it to link disparate application user identities with the actual people who are associated with those user identities.
Some individuals may have a fairly common first and/or last name, which makes it difficult to link the right individual to the appropriate account login ID, especially when those account login IDs are not linked to enough specific identity data to remain unique.
A typical construct of the login ID, for example, can be the 1st character of givenname + next 7 of sn, with incremental uniqueness. This would produce login IDs like jsmith12, jsmith 13, jsmith14, etc. for users John Smith, James Smith and Jack Smith, respectively.
Conversely, one individual might undergo a name change either formally or informally, which can cause new account login IDs that the individual appropriates to appear drastically different in nomenclature to the account login IDs that individual acquired prior to any change.
For example, a woman could get married and decide to use her new surname professionally. If her name was originally Mary Jones but she is now Mary Smith, she could call HR and ask them to update her contact information and email address with her new surname. This request would update her Microsoft Exchange login ID to mary.smith to reflect that surname change, but it might not actually update her information or login credentials in any other system she has access to. In this example, she could still be mjones in Active Directory and mj5678 in RACF.
Identity correlation should link the appropriate system account login IDs to individuals who might be indistinguishable, as well as to those individuals who might appear to be drastically different from a system-by-system standpoint, but should be associated with the same individual.
For more details on this topic, please see: The Second Wave: Linking Identities to Contexts
2. Discovering Intentional and Unintentional Inconsistencies in Identity Data
Inconsistencies in identity data typically develop over time in organizations as applications are added, removed or changed and as individuals attain or retain an ever-changing stream of access rights as they matriculate into and out of the organization.
Application user login IDs do not always have a consistent syntax across different applications or systems and many user login IDs are not specific enough to directly correlate it back to one particular individual within an organization.
User data inconsistencies can also occur due to simple manual input errors, non-standard nomenclature, or name changes that might not be identically updated across all systems.
The identity correlation process should take these inconsistencies into account to link up identity data that might seem to be unrelated upon initial investigation.
3. Identifying Orphan or Defunct Account Login IDs
Organizations can expand and consolidate from mergers and acquisitions, which increases the complexity of business processes, policies and procedures as a result.
As an outcome of these events, users are subject to moving to different parts of the organization, attaining a new position within the organization, or matriculating out of the organization altogether. At the same time, each new application that is added has the potential to produce a new completely unique user ID.
Some identities may become redundant, others may be in violation of application-specific or more widespread departmental policies, others could be related to non-human or system account IDs, and still others may simply no longer be applicable for a particular user environment.
Projects that span different parts of the organization or focus on more than one application become difficult to implement because user identities are often not properly organized or recognized as being defunct due to changes in the business process.
An identity correlation process must identify all orphan or defunct account identities that no longer belong from such drastic shifts in an organization’s infrastructure.
4. Validating Individuals to their Appropriate Account IDs
Under such regulations as Sarbanes-Oxley and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, it is required for organizations to ensure the integrity of each user across all systems and account for all access a user has to various back-end systems and applications in an organization.
If implemented correctly, identity correlation will expose compliance issues. Auditors frequently ask organizations to account for who has access to what resources. For companies that have not already fully implemented an enterprise identity management solution, identity correlation and validation is required to adequately attest to the true state of an organization’s user base.
This validation process typically requires interaction with individuals within an organization who are familiar with the organization’s user base from an enterprise-wide perspective, as well as those individuals who are responsible and knowledgeable of each individual system and/or application-specific user base.
In addition, much of the validation process might ultimately involve direct communication with the individual in question to confirm particular identity data that is associated with that specific individual.
5. Assigning a unique primary or common key for every system or application Account ID that is attached to each individual
In response to various compliance pressures, organizations have an option to introduce unique identifiers for its entire user base to validate that each user belongs in each specific system or application in which he/she has login capabilities.
In order to effectuate such a policy, various individuals familiar with the organization’s entire user base, as well as each system-specific user-base, must be responsible for validating that certain identities should be linked together and other identities should be disassociated from each other.
Once the validation process is complete, a unique identifier can be assigned to that individual and his or her associated system-specific account login IDs.
Approaches to Linking Disparate Account IDs.
As mentioned above, in many organizations, users may sign into different systems and applications using different login IDs. There are many reasons to link these into ``enterprise-wide" user profiles.
There are a number of basic strategies to perform this correlation, or "ID Mapping:"
Common Barriers to Performing Identity Correlation.
1. Privacy Concerns
Often, any process that requires an in-depth look into identity data brings up a concern for privacy and disclosure issues. Part of the identity correlation process infers that each particular data source will need to be compared against an authoritative data source to ensure consistency and validity against relevant corporate policies and access controls.
Any such comparison that involves an exposure of enterprise-wide, authoritative, HR-related identity data will require various non-disclosure agreements either internally or externally, depending on how an organization decides to undergo an identity correlation exercise.
Because authoritative data is frequently highly confidential and restricted, such concerns may bar the way from performing an identity correlation activity thoroughly and sufficiently.
2. Extensive Time and Effort Requirements
Most organizations experience difficulties understanding the inconsistencies and complexities that lie within their identity data across all of their data sources. Typically, the process can not be completed accurately or sufficiently by undergoing a manual comparison of two lists of identity data or even executing simple scripts to find matches between two different data sets. Even if an organization can dedicate full-time individuals to such an effort, the methodologies themselves usually do not expose an adequate enough percentage of defunct identities, validate an adequate enough percentage of matched identities, or identify system (non-person) account IDs to pass the typical requirements of an identity-related audit.
See also.
Manual efforts to accomplish identity correlation require a great deal of time and people effort, and do not guarantee that the effort will be completed successfully or in a compliant fashion.
Because of this, automated identity correlation solutions have recently entered the marketplace to provide more effortless ways of handling identity correlation exercises.
Typical automated identity correlation solution functionality includes the following characteristics:
• Analysis and comparison of identities within multiple data sources
• Flexible match criteria definitions and assignments for any combination of data elements between any two data sources
• Easy connectivity either directly or indirectly to all permissible sources of data 
• Out-of-the-box reports and/or summaries of data match results
• Ability to manually override matched or unmatched data combinations
• Ability to view data results on fine-grained level
• Assignment of unique identifiers to pre-approved or manually validated matched data. 
• Export abilities to send verified user lists back to source systems and/or provisioning solutions
• Ability to customize data mapping techniques to refine data matches
• Role-based access controls built into the solution to regulate identity data exposures as data is loaded, analyzed, and validated by various individuals both inside and outside of the organization
• Ability to validate identity data against end-users more quickly or efficiently than through manual methodologies
Three Methods of Identity Correlation Project Delivery.
Identity correlation solutions can be implemented under three distinct delivery models. These delivery methodologies are designed to offer a solution that is flexible enough to correspond to various budget and staffing requirements, as well as meet both short and/or long-term project goals and initiatives.
Software Purchase – This is the classic Software Purchase model where an organization purchases a software license and runs the software within its own hardware infrastructure.
Identity Correlation as a Service (ICAS) – ICAS is a subscription-based service where a client connects to a secure infrastructure to load and run correlation activities. This offering provides full functionality offered by the identity correlation solution without owning and maintaining hardware and related support staff.
Turn-Key Identity Correlation – A Turn-key methodology requires a client to contract with and provide data to a solutions vendor to perform the required identity correlation activities. Once completed, the solutions vendor will return correlated data, identify mismatches, and provide data integrity reports.
Validation activities will still require some direct feedback from individuals within the organization who understand the state of the organizational user base from an enterprise-wide viewpoint, as well as those individuals within the organization who are familiar with each system-specific user base. In addition, some validation activities might require direct feedback from individuals within the user base itself.
A Turn-Key solution can be performed as a single one-time activity or monthly, quarterly, or even as part of an organization’s annual validation activities. Additional services are available, such as:
See Also: Related Topics.
Related or associated topics which fall under the category of identity correlation may include:
Compliance Regulations / Audits
• Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX)
• Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
• Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
• Information Technology Audit
• Identity Management
• Unique identifier (Common Key) 
• Identifier
• User Name
• User ID
• Provisioning 
• Metadirectory
Access control
• Access control 
• Single Sign On (SSO) 
• Web Access Management
Directory services
• Directory service 
• Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP)
• Metadata
• Virtual directory
Other categories
• Role-based access control (RBAC) 
• Federation of user access rights on web applications across otherwise un-trusted networks

</doc>
<doc id="19151464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151464" title="KVAB">
KVAB

KVAB (102.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic rock format, licensed to Clarkston, Washington, USA. The station is owned by Pacific Empire Radio Corporation and features programming from Dial Global.
The station's notable on-air personalities are Mark Bone ("Bone In The Morning") with "The Bone Radio Network" (includes The Bone Radio Network Rock Report and The Bone Radio Newsdesk, broadcasting off the Bone COM 1 Satellite) and "Phil, The Morning Show Producer" (who, incidentally, is never heard speaking on-air), Sweet Melissa (The Mistress Of The Mid-Day) and Ian Frost
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19151489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151489" title="First Mongol invasion of Poland">
First Mongol invasion of Poland

The Mongol Invasion of Poland from late 1240 to 1241 culminated in the battle of Legnica, where the Mongols defeated an alliance which included forces from fragmented Poland and members of various Christian military orders, led by Henry II the Pious, the Duke of Silesia. The first invasion's intention was to secure the flank of the main Mongolian army attacking the Kingdom of Hungary. The Mongols neutralized any potential help to King Bela being provided by the Poles and Military orders (including Teutonic knights in Prussia).
Background.
The Mongols invaded Europe with three armies. One of the three armies was tasked with distracting Poland, before joining the main Mongol force invading Hungary. That army, under Baidar, Kadan and Orda Khan, began scouting operations in late 1240.
Invasion.
Mongol tumen, moving from recently conquered Volodymyr-Volynskyi in Kievan Rus, first sacked Lublin, then besieged and sacked Sandomierz (which fell on 13 February). Around this time, their forces split. Orda's forces devastated central Poland, moving to Wolbórz and as far north as Łęczyca, before turning south and heading via Sieradz towards Wrocław. Baidar and Kadan ravaged the southern part of Poland, moving to Chmielnik, Kraków, Bytom, Opole and finally, Legnica, before leaving Polish lands heading west and south.
Baidar and Kadan on 13 February defeated a Polish army under the voivode of Kraków, Włodzimierz, in the battle of Tursko. On 18 March they defeated another Polish army with units from Kraków and Sandomierz at the battle of Chmielnik. Panic spread through the Polish lands, and the citizens abandoned Kraków, which was seized and burned by the Mongols by March 24. In the meantime, one of the most powerful contemporary Dukes of Poland, and Duke of Silesia, Henry II the Pious, gathered his forces and allies around Legnica. Henry, in order to gather more forces, even sacrificed one of the largest towns of Silesia, Wrocław (Breslau), abandoning it to the Mongols. Henry was also waiting for Wenceslaus I of Bohemia, his brother-in-law, who was coming to his aid with a large army.
While considering whether to besiege Wrocław, Baidar and Kadan received reports that the Bohemians were days away with a large army. The Mongols turned from Wrocław, not finishing the siege, in order to intercept Henry's forces before the European armies could meet. The Mongols caught up with Henry near Legnica at "Legnickie Pole" ("Field of Legnica"), known to Germans as "Wahlstatt" ("Battlefield"). Henry, in addition to his own forces, was aided by Mieszko II the Fat (Mieszko II Otyły), as well as remnants of Polish armies defeated at Tursk and Chmielnik, members of military orders and small numbers of foreign volunteers.
Henry, despite having rough parity in numbers and a sound strategy, was defeated at Legnica on April 9 after the Mongols caused confusion in the Polish forces. The Mongols did not take Legnica castle, but had a free rein to pillage and plunder Silesia, before moving off to join their main forces in Hungary.
Aftermath.
The Mongols avoided the Bohemian forces, but defeated the Hungarians in the Battle of Mohi. But news that the Grand Khan Ögedei had died the previous year caused the descendants of the Grand Khan to return to the Mongol capital of Karakorum for the kurultai which would elect the next Khagan, and probably saved the Polish lands from being completely overrun by the Mongols.
The death of Duke Henry, who was close to unifying the Polish lands and reversing their fragmentation, set back the unification of Poland, and also meant the loss of Silesia, which would drift outside the Polish sphere of influence until the unification took place in the 14th century.
There were also later, smaller Mongol invasions of Poland (1259–1260 and 1287–1288).
In 1254 or 1255, Daniel of Galicia revolted against the Mongol rule. He repelled the initial Mongol assault under Orda's son Quremsa. In 1259, the Mongols returned under the new command of Burundai (Mongolian: Borolday). According to some sources, Daniel fled to Poland leaving his son and brother at the mercy of the Mongol army. He may have hidden in the castle of Galicia instead. The Mongols needed to secure Poland's aid to Daniel and war booty to feed the demand of their soldiers. Lithuanians also attacked Smolensk and menaced Torzhok, tributaries of the Golden Horde, in c. 1258. The Mongols sent a punitive expedition into Lithuania for this. The Lituanians appear to have not resisted them efficiently. Borolday again demanded Daniel to recruit more troops. After demolishing walls of all towns in Galicia and Volhyinia, in 1259, 18 years after the first attack to Poland, two tumens (20,000 men) from the Golden Horde, under the leadership of Berke, attacked Poland after raiding Lithuania. This attack was commanded by the young prince Nogai Khan and general Burundai. The Rus soldiers under Daniel's son, Lev, and brother, Vasily, joined the Mongol expedition. Lublin, Sieradz, Sandomierz, Zawichost, Kraków, and Bytom were ravaged and plundered by the Mongol army. Berke had no intention of occupying or conquering Poland. After this raid Pope Alexander IV tried without success to organize a crusade against the Tatars.
North-western Rus princes complained of the repeated attacks of the Kingdom of Poland to their Mongol masters. Nogai's army recruited troops from Rus principalities and it included Vlakh, Kipchak, and Alan soldiers. An unsuccessful raid followed in 1287, led by Talabuga and Nogai Khan. Lublin, Mazovia, Sandomierz and Sieradz were successfully raided, but they were defeated at Kraków. Despite this, Kraków was devastated. This raid consisted of less than one tumen, since the Golden Horde's armies were tied down in a new conflict which the Il-Khanate had initiated in 1284. The force sent was not sufficient to meet the full Polish army, nor did it have any siege engineers or equipment to breach city walls. It raided a few caravans, burned a few small towns, and fled when the Polish army was mustered.
Ozbek Khan and Janibek Khan warred with the powerful kingdom of Poland to secure their claim on western Rus (modern Belarus and Ukraine). However, Casimir III the Great submitted to the Golden Horde and undertook to pay tribute in order to avoid more conflicts. In his alliance with the Golden Horde, the seven Mongol princes were sent by Jani Beg khan to assist Poland.
In the coming centuries, the Kingdom of Poland (later, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth) would have to deal with incursions and border conflicts by the Crimean Tatars, descendants of the Mongols.
In Kraków, the legacy of the Mongol invasions is found in the traditions of "lajkonik" and "hejnał mariacki".

</doc>
<doc id="19151498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151498" title="The Evening Descends">
The Evening Descends

The Evening Descends is the second album by Norman, Oklahoma band Evangelicals. The album employs a storybook structure, with many of the songs involving narratives that relate to one another. The album was given an 8.3/10.0 by Pitchfork Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19151505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151505" title="Williamsport Tigers">
Williamsport Tigers

The Williamsport Tigers were a Class AA Eastern League affiliate of the Detroit Tigers in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. They played their home games in Bowman Field which is currently the home of the Williamsport Crosscutters of the New York-Penn League. Detroit had a working relationship with Williamsport from 1946 until 1952. The team was known as the Williamsport Grays for the '46 and '50 seasons and as the Tigers from '47 through '49 and '51 and '52.
Ownership.
The Tigers were owned by Earle Halstead a former American Association umpire and businessman from Dearborn, Michigan. Halstead gave up his business ventures in favor of owning a minor league baseball team. Halstead arranged for the Williamsport franchise to have a working agreement with the Detroit Tigers of the American League. But later went on the scout for the Milwaukee Braves, signing Bob Buhl and Red Murff (who later himself became a scout and signed Nolan Ryan). In 1960, he bought the Baseball Blue Book, Inc., which published the "Baseball Blue Book", frequently referred to as the bible of baseball. He later patented a curveball pitching machine and formed the company named Tru-Pitch, Inc., which revolutionized batting practice on all levels of baseball.
The Tigers were the 1945 World Series champions. Local fans were hopeful that the Tigers would fill the roster of the Williamsport team with better players that had previously been sent to Williamsport by the Washington Senators and Philadelphia A's. The Tigers were two step below the Tigers. Detroit's top farm club was in Buffalo, New York and the two teams below the Williamsport club were in Rome, and Jamestown, New York. Players moved from franchise to franchise as their stock in the Detroit Tigers system rose and fell. The Tigers took control of the franchise in 1947 and improved Bowman Field by spending $40,000 to repair flood damage and installing grandstand seats from Briggs Stadium in Detroit. The franchise was sold at the end of the 1952 season to five anonymous businessmen for $7,500. The Tigers era ended at the same time when the team was once again aligned with the Philadelphia A's and the Williamsport Grays name was restored.
Seasons.
The Williamsport Grays changed their name to the Tigers for the 1947 season. This was their second year of affiliation with Detroit Tigers, and it was the first time that the Eastern League team in Williamsport was known as something other than the Grays. The 1947 club was managed by George DeTore. The Tigers finished in 5th place of an eight team league with a record of 67 wins and 74 losses.
The 1948 season saw the Tigers have a change in manager with Gene Desautels taking over. The Tigers finished in fourth place in the Eastern League and reached a one game playoff for the final spot in the league playoffs. The Tigers lost that game to the Hartford Chiefs. Lou Kretlow who would go on to play in the majors for the Tigers, Browns, Orioles, White Sox and A's was named the league's Most Valuable Player.
The Tigers slipped back into mediocrity during the 1949, 1951 and 1952 seasons. The 1950 Grays fared no better. Notable players and managers to pass through Williamsport during these years included, Jack Tighe, Schoolboy Rowe and Hall of Famer Jim Bunning.

</doc>
<doc id="19151507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151507" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's long jump">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's long jump

These are the official results of the Men's Long Jump event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 45 participating athletes, with the final held on Saturday 28 August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19151528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151528" title="Shane Scott">
Shane Scott

Shane Scott (born December 9, 1966, American) director, writer, producer, cinematographer, editor and musician best known for making profitable, independent films with low budgets. He shoots and produces his films in Texas.
Biography.
Early life.
Shane Scott was born in Kingman, Arizona, son of Scott McConachie, an Air force officer, and Ingrid Lourdes Nielsen Garcia, a Registered nurse. 
He began his interest in film at age 7, after his Grandfather died and left him an old wind-up 8mm film camera and a projector. 
Living in the country on lake Conroe, Texas, he took advantage of all the natural elements around him. 
Adventure was his vise, always filming while galloping on horseback across a field, jumping dirt bikes, swinging from tree to tree, or skipping across the lake on a tube at high speed, he caught it on film. Shane Scott attended college at Texas State in San Marcos, Texas majoring in Criminal Justice.
Career.
In 1990, Shane started his own company selling and restoring Porsche 911. In 1999, Mike Judge’s movie Office Space asked Shane Scott to build the Porsche 911 that gets the bumper ripped off in one scene. This experience rekindled his love of filmmaking. Shane wrote and shot his first short film called The Scab, starring Joseph Fotinos. The Scab short was accepted to the Austin Film Festival and received positive feed back. Shane produced a musical video for a song he wrote called Change. In 2003, Shane worked on Robert Rodriguez's movie Spy Kids building the plane and sub used in the movie. During the making of Spy Kids, Shane realized that his calling was to be a director to produce his own films. In 2006, with one camera and no script, Shane shot his first feature film titled The Legend of Ghostwolf.
The Legend of Ghostwolf production budget was only $5,000.00 USD (estimated). The film was successful in differents film festivals and received an offer for DVD distribution. Shane Scott is one of the few filmmakers to ever sale their first film to the movie industry open market. 
At the end of 2006, Shane Scott’s filmmaking came to a halt when his studio, Broom Closet Studio in Austin, Texas, burned to the ground after completed the shooting of his second feature film The Magnificent Dead.
Personal life.
Shane Scott maintains a private life in San Marcos, Texas. In 2010, Scott filed for and won a two-year term on the San Marcos City Council.
Collaborations.
Shane Scott writes music and plays drums.

</doc>
<doc id="19151539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151539" title="FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship for Women">
FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship for Women

The FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship for Women is an under-16 basketball championship in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Americas zone. The event is started in 2009 and is held bi-annually. The winners compete in the FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women.

</doc>
<doc id="19151541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151541" title="Turf Buccaneers">
Turf Buccaneers

Turf Buccaneers is a 2001 album by Mac Dre and his group, Cutthroat Committee, composing of Dre, PSD, Mac Mall & Little Bruce.

</doc>
<doc id="19151546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151546" title="FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship">
FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship

The FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship is an under-16 basketball championship in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Americas zone. The event started in 2009 and is held bi-annually. The winners compete in the FIBA Under-17 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19151547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151547" title="Electoral history of Adlai Stevenson">
Electoral history of Adlai Stevenson

Electoral history of Adlai Stevenson, 31st Governor of Illinois (1949-1953), 5th United States Ambassador to the United Nations (1961-1966) and Democratic Party nominee for President of the United States in 1952 and 1956.
Illinois gubernatorial elections.
Democratic primary for Governor of Illinois, 1948:
Illinois gubernatorial election, 1948:
Democratic primary for Governor of Illinois, 1952:
Stevenson dropped-out after primary in order to run for President and was replaced on ballot by Lieutenant Governor Sherwood Dixon
Presidential elections.
1952.
1952 New Hampshire Democratic Vice Presidential primary:
All candidates were run as write-in
1952 Democratic Presidential primaries:
1952 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
1st ballot:
2nd ballot:
3rd ballot:
United States presidential election, 1952:
1956.
1956 Democratic presidential primaries:
1956 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
United States presidential election, 1956:
1960.
1960 Democratic presidential primaries:
1960 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
1964.
1964 Massachusetts Democratic presidential primary:
1964 Democratic presidential primaries:

</doc>
<doc id="19151554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151554" title="How Angel Peterson Got His Name">
How Angel Peterson Got His Name

How Angel Peterson Got His Name is a nonfiction, young adult memoir written by Gary Paulsen, outlining the hilarious, and often dangerous stunts Paulsen and his friends pull in order to entertain themselves and impress the young ladies. All of the tales in this book are about the true adventures of Paulsen and his friends during the mid-1950s.
Chapter 1: How Angel Peterson Got His Name.
In this opening chapter, Gary Paulsen's friend, Carl Peterson, wants to break the speed record for snow skiing; the big problem, however, is that the Minnesota landscape is as flat as a parking lot. In this adventure, in which Carl Peterson is renamed to Angel Peterson, the boys involve Archie - the local James Dean wannabe - Archie's car, all the financial resources the boys face,and a great adventure.They use the car to pull them and they go over 80 mph. This book will be thoroughly enjoyed by both boys and girls.
Chapter 2: The Miracle of Flight.
In chapter two, Emil accidentally discovers hang gliding. After he buys a small target kite, he decides he has to fly it. So Emil and the boys create a plan to get the kite into the air. They had all flown kites before, so they would follow the same principle. Of course, this plan goes awry and chaos ensues.
Chapter 3: Orvis Orvison and the Crash and Bash.
Two young whippersnapper’s, Orvis and Paulsen, curiosity gets them into trouble when they listen in on the Revival meeting and decide to bring the “footsteps of God” to the congregation. Their other adventures involve daredevil stunts masterfully achieved on bicycles while avoiding near death from a neighborhood dog.
Chapter 4: Girls, and the Circle of Death.
Orvis is one of Paulsen's friends, and he has a problem: talking to girls. He freezes up and doesn't know what to say to them. Instead of talking, he does other things to try to impress girls. There is a traveling carnival in town, and Orvis decides to wrestle a bear to get the girls' attention. He has only to stay in the ring for one minute. The first time he's thrown out by the bear, and the girls laugh at him. After his initial humiliation, he is even more determined and goes into the cage again to win. . .
Chapter 5: And Finally, Skateboards, Bungee Jumping and Other Failures.
In the final chapter of Paulsen’s memoir, Paulsen and his friends experiment with skateboarding, bungee jumping, and other daredevil tricks. The first vignette in the chapter shows Paulsen and his friends killing some time by nailing roller skate wheels to pieces of two-by-six board, creating skateboards; and as readers might guess, the goal of skating becomes to out-do one’s friends with one’s skating bravado. Ultimately, Wayne wins the skating bravado contest by hitching a ride—unbeknownst to the drivers—hanging on to the back of car bumpers. Wayne hitches all the way to Hutchinson, a town seven miles away, and back. The proof of Wayne’s bravery is featured in a local paper under the headline “Wild Kids Catch Wild Rides,” with a picture of Wayne hanging off the bumper of a chicken truck in Hutchinson.
Another vignette involves Paulsen and his cousin, Harris. Here, Harris uses old tractor tire tubes to bungee jump out of a barn’s hayloft, bouncing into a wasps’ nest, wasps relentlessly following him—up and down, up and down.
The final four pages of the last chapter include multiple vignettes: Wayne crawling into an old refrigerator with M-80s, Orvis jumping through a hoop of fire, Angel experimenting with multiple uses for a full-sized parachute, and Wayne creating a diving bell to explore the Mud River.

</doc>
<doc id="19151560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151560" title="KSVR (FM)">
KSVR (FM)

KSVR (91.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a variety and Regional Mexican format. Licensed to broadcast from Mount Vernon, Washington, USA, the station serves all of Skagit County; the station is currently owned by Board of Trustees of Skagit Valley College.
History.
KSVR launched its first broadcast in May 1973 on 90.1 FM from the campus of Skagit Valley College in Mount Vernon, Washington. The station's broadcast frequency later moved to 91.7 FM in 2002 after a signal conflict with Washington State University's KMWS that began in March 1997.
Programming.
KSVR's programming includes Spanish-language music and information, folk, bluegrass, hip-hop, jazz, oldies, and various international music formats to news-talk and locally focused informational programs. The station also broadcasts program selections from NPR.

</doc>
<doc id="19151564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151564" title="Horace Stern">
Horace Stern

Horace Stern (August 7, 1878 – April 1969) was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania from 1 November 1952 to 29 December 1956. He was elevated to the Chief Justice position after serving on the Court from 6 January 1936.
Stern was born to a Jewish family in North Philadelphia, one of eight children. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1899, and from the University of Pennsylvania Law School "summa cum laude" in 1902. Prior to his elevation to the bench, Stern was a professor at University of Pennsylvania Law School, where his portrait still hangs today. He went on to co-found of the law firm of Wolf, Block, Schorr & Solis-Cohen (later called WolfBlock) in 1903, before taking an appointment to the Philadelphia County Court of Common Pleas in 1920.
Stern was the first Jew to serve on the Pennsylvania Supreme Court and the first Jewish trustee of the University of Pennsylvania. He was also very active within Philadelphia's Jewish community, having served as president of the Federation of Jewish Charities and having been a founder of the American Jewish Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19151600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151600" title="USNS Spica (T-AFS-9)">
USNS Spica (T-AFS-9)

The USNS "Spica" (T-AFS-9) was a combat stores ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1981. The "Spica" served the Navy fleet until she was deactivated in 2008.
Built in England.
The "Spica", originally known as RFA "Tarbatness" (A345) was built at Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson Ltd., Wallsend-On-Tyne, England, for the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. She was laid down on 1 April 1965 and was launched on 1 February 1967.
Purchased by the U.S. Navy.
The "Spica" was purchased by the U.S. Navy, and was then placed into service as a combat supply ship on 1 November 1981 as the USNS "Spica" (T-AFS-9), a unit of the Military Sealift Command (MSC), MSC Naval Auxiliary Force.
Mission.
The "Spica’s" mission was to provide underway replenishment in support of naval forces by providing refrigerated supplies, dry supplies, spare parts, general supplies, fleet freight, mail, and replacement personnel by alongside or by vertical replenishment processes.
Operational history.
There is no current operational history on "Spica".
Honors and awards.
Qualified USS "Spica " personnel are authorized the following medals:
Note.
There is no journal entry on "Spica" (T-AFS-9) at DANFS.

</doc>
<doc id="19151602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151602" title="Lars Kleppich">
Lars Kleppich

Lars Detlef Kleppich (born 9 August 1967 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a former sailor from Australia, who competed in three Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1992. He won the bronze medal in the "Men's Lechner Sailboard Class" in Barcelona, Spain (1992). He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. 

</doc>
<doc id="19151611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151611" title="Yuri Titov">
Yuri Titov

Yuri Yevlampiyevich Titov (; born 27 November 1935 in Omsk, Siberia) is a former Russian gymnast, Olympic champion and four times world champion, who competed for the Soviet Union. He received a total of nine Olympic medals from three Olympic games (1956, 1960 and 1964).
Olympics.
Titov competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne where he received a gold medal in "team combined exercises" with the Soviet team (with Viktor Chukarin, Valentin Muratov, Boris Shakhlin, Albert Azaryan and Pavel Stolbov). He also received an individual silver medal in "horizontal bar", and bronze medals in "all-around" and "vault". He received silver and bronze medals at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, and two silver medals at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
World championships.
Titov received gold medals in "vault" and "team" at the 1958 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Moscow, and bronze medals in "all-around", "floor exercise", "rings" and "horizontal bar".
He won gold medals in "all-around" and "rings" at the 1962 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Prague, as well as a team silver medal.
European championships.
He received 14 medals in the European gymnastics championships.
Later career.
Titov held the position as president of the International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) for twenty years, from 1976 to 1996. He has been president of the Russian Gymnastics Federation from 2004.
Writing.
He has written and published four books, among others, one about rhythmic gymnastics (with Nadejda Jastriembskaja).
Awards.
Titov received the Olympic Order from the International Olympic Committee in 1992. He was inducted into the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 1999.
He received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour in 1960, and again in 1980. He received the Order of Friendship of Peoples in 1976, and the Order of the Badge of Honor in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19151624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151624" title="Anaikot">
Anaikot

Anaikot is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4990 and had 890 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19151653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151653" title="Balathali">
Balathali

Balathali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2473 and had 496 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151674" title="Interaction technique">
Interaction technique

An interaction technique, user interface technique or input technique is a combination of hardware and software elements that provides a way for computer users to accomplish a single task. For example, one can go back to the previously visited page on a Web browser by either clicking a button, pressing a key, performing a mouse gesture or uttering a speech command. It is a widely used term in human-computer interaction. In particular, the term "new interaction technique" is frequently used to introduce a novel user interface design idea.
Definition.
Although there is no general agreement on the exact meaning of the term "interaction technique", the most popular definition is from the computer graphics literature:
A more recent variation is:
The computing view.
From the computer's perspective, an interaction technique involves:
Consider for example the process of deleting a file using a contextual menu. This assumes the existence of a mouse (input device), a screen (output device), and a piece of code that paints a menu and updates its selection (user feedback) and sends a command to the file system when the user clicks on the "delete" item (interpretation). User feedback can be further used to confirm that the command has been invoked.
The user's view.
From the user's perspective, an interaction technique is a way to perform a single computing task and can be informally expressed with user instructions or usage scenarios. For example "to delete a file, right-click on the file you want to delete, then click on the delete item".
The designer's view.
From the user interface designer's perspective, an interaction technique is a well-defined solution to a specific user interface design problem. Interaction techniques as conceptual ideas can be refined, extended, modified and combined. For example, contextual menus are a solution to the problem of rapidly selecting commands. Pie menus are a radial variant of contextual menus. Marking menus combine pie menus with gesture recognition.
Level of granularity.
Interaction techniques are usually fine-grained entities. For example, a desktop environment is too complex to be an interaction technique, whereas Exposé fits the common intuitive understanding of the term perfectly well. Also, a graph may have a large disparity between the lowest and highest values along the Y-Axis and unable to display clarity, so the Harrison Curve, some what similar in nature to a standard linear zoom, allows the user to distort the focual area to their benefit . In general, a user interface can be seen as a combination of many interaction techniques, some of which are not necessarily as explicit as widgets.
Interaction tasks and domain objects.
An interaction task is "the unit of an entry of information by the user", such as entering a piece of text, issuing a command, or specifying a 2D position. A similar concept is that of domain object, which is a piece of application data that can be manipulated by the user.
Interaction techniques are the glue between physical I/O devices and interaction tasks or domain objects. Different types of interaction techniques can be used to map a specific device to a specific domain object. For example, different gesture alphabets exist for pen-based text input.
In general, the less compatible the device is with the domain object, the more complex the interaction technique. For example, using a mouse to specify a 2D point involves a trivial interaction technique, whereas using a mouse to rotate a 3D object requires more creativity to design the technique and more lines of code to implement it.
A current trend is to avoid complex interaction techniques by matching physical devices with the task as close as possible, such as exemplified by the field of tangible computing. But this is not always a feasible solution. Furthermore, device/task incompatibilities are unavoidable in computer accessibility, where a single switch can be used to control the whole computer environment.
Interaction style.
Interaction techniques that share the same metaphor or design principles can be seen as belonging to the same interaction style. General examples are command line and direct manipulation user interfaces.
Visualization technique.
Interaction techniques essentially involve data entry and manipulation, and thus place greater emphasis on input than output. Output is merely used to convey affordances and provide user feedback. The use of the term "input technique" further reinforces the central role of input. Conversely, techniques that mainly involve data exploration and thus place greater emphasis on output are called visualization techniques. They are studied in the field of information visualization.
Research and innovation.
A large part of research in human-computer interaction involves exploring easier-to-learn or more efficient interaction techniques for common computing tasks. This includes inventing new (post-WIMP) interaction techniques, possibly relying on methods from user interface design, and assessing their efficiency with respect to existing techniques using methods from experimental psychology. Examples of scientific venues in these topics are the UIST and the CHI conferences. Other research focuses on the specification of interaction techniques, sometimes using formalisms such as Petri nets for the purposes of formal verification.

</doc>
<doc id="19151677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151677" title="Remember Me (Mac Dre album)">
Remember Me (Mac Dre album)

Remember Me is a 2002 album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre.

</doc>
<doc id="19151683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151683" title="FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women">
FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women

The FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women refers to the women's under-18 championship for basketball in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Asia zone. The winners compete in the FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women.

</doc>
<doc id="19151686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151686" title="Jakobstads Bollklubb">
Jakobstads Bollklubb

Jakobstads Bollklubb, also known as JBK, is a Finnish soccer team from Jakobstad that is currently playing in Group C of the Kakkonen League, a third tier soccer league in Finland. The club's home venue is at Västra plan and the Head Coach is Stefan Kula.
History.
The club was founded at a meeting held on December 14, 1944. Jakobstads Bollklubb's first official match was played on May 10, 1945 against NIK. The team's captain at that time, Lasse Hellund, scored the club's first goal. JBK later won the match 3-1.
The club’s early history was significant as they played 16 seasons in the Suomisarja (Finland League), which at that time was the second tier of Finnish football, over three periods from 1948, 1950 and 1952-65.
JBK have had four periods representing 19 seasons in the Kakkonen (Second Division), the third tier of Finnish football covering 1973-75, 1977–78, 1996–97 and 1999 up to the current day.
2010 season.
JBK Men's Team are competing in Group C (Lohko C) of the Kakkonen administered by the Football Association of Finland " (Suomen Palloliitto) ". This is the third highest tier in the Finnish football system. In 2009 JBK finished in seventh position in their Kakkonen (Second Division) section.

</doc>
<doc id="19151697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151697" title="Archibald Russell">
Archibald Russell

Sir Archibald Russell (30 May 1904 – 29 May 1995) was a British aerospace engineer who worked most of his career at the Bristol Aeroplane Company, before becoming managing director of the Filton Division when Bristol merged into British Aircraft Corporation in 1960. He also served as the vice-chairman of the BAC-Sud Aviation Concorde Committee that produced the Concorde, working alongside Morien Morgan. His designs include the Blenheim, Britannia, Type 188 and many others. He was known throughout his career as a perfectionist, as well as his criticism for those who did not measure up — criticisms that included ministers, civil servants, the Brabazon Committee and BOAC.
Early life and career.
Archibald Russell was born in Cinderford, Gloucestershire. He was raised in the Forest of Dean and attended East Dean Grammar School where his father was headmaster. When he was fifteen the family moved to Bristol and his education continued at Fairfield Grammar School, and then the Engineering faculty of Bristol University where he gained a BSc in automotive engineering. His first job was maintaining buses for the Bristol Tramways & Carriage Company, one of Sir George White's companies.
Bristol Aeroplane Company.
Another of George White’s companies was the Bristol Aeroplane Company. Russell joined the company in May 1925, at age 21, as an assistant in the stress office. He met Miss Lorna Mansfield, a secretary at the company, and they were married for over 50 years. One of his first efforts at the company were stress calculations for the Type 99 "Badminton", a biplane racer being built for the 1926 King’s Cup. The Badminton crashed a month before the race, which gravely concerned Russell until the reason was revealed to be a seized engine. Another early design was the Type 95 "Bagshot", a twin-engine monoplane fighter. Russell was invited to take a flight in the Bagshot, and was alarmed to see the wings twisting during control use, a problem that led to the abandoning of the design. He developed a new method of separately calculating bending and torsional stresses, which later led to a new single-spar monoplane wing design that was granted a patent.
Over a short period of time, Chief Designer Frank Barnwell drew Russell closer into the primary design team. He worked on the Type 105 Bulldog, which went on to see production of more than 500 examples. This was followed by another monoplane fighter, the Type 133, but the contract was won by the Gloster Gladiator instead.
In 1935 the first of the RAF Expansion Schemes was launched, and Bristol won two contracts for monoplanes, the Bombay troop-carrier and the Blenheim bomber. Barnwell and his two chief assistants, Leslie Frise and Russell, looked to address the Bagshot's wing problems in the Bombay, and over-designed it to ensure flexing would not be an issue. The design suffered as a result, both overweight and extremely difficult to manufacture. Only 50 were built and saw limited service.
The Blenheim was based on newer designs and was originally built for speed, not utility. It was the result of contest to produce the fastest four-passenger plane in Europe, and therefore did not require the higher weights and ruggedness of the Bombay. It had a much simpler design, but proved just as capable, and was easily adapted into a light bomber. The Blenheim was far more successful then Bombay, with over 1,000 delivered by the start of the Second World War in September 1939.
In August 1938 Barnwell had been killed flying a small aeroplane of his own design. Leslie Frise took over the Chief Designer role, with Russell becoming deputy. They were immediately put to work on a variety of development of the Blenheim, including the Type 152 Beaufort and Type 156 Beaufighter. More than 5,500 Beaufighter's were built before the war ended. A final development, the Type 164 "Brigand", was produced only in small numbers before being replaced by the English Electric Canberra.
In 1941 the Air Staff placed a development contract for a long-range, 100 ton, 300 mph heavy bomber with a bomb load of 80,000 lbs. The aircraft was designed to fill Barnes Wallis' concept of the "Victory Bomber", which would drop huge "earth quake bombs" that would destroy dams and other power plants even with a near miss, and thereby render Germany unable to run its industry. Frise and Russell started work on such a design, featuring extensive streamlining for lower drag and better range, powered by eight Centaurus engines, paired to drive four propellers. But before the design had got very far, Wallis had moved onto the idea of a smaller special-purpose bomb that could fill the same role, but would be much smaller. This developed into the famed bouncing bomb carried by the Avro Lancaster.
Chief Designer.
In February 1944 this work was able to be re-used when the Brabazon Committee ordered a very large transatlantic airliner to carry 90 passengers for 5,000 miles in 17 hours, all with sleeping accommodation. Frise and Russell had just started work on this adaptation when Frise quit to become Technical Director of Hunting Aircraft. Russell was promoted to Chief Designer in his place. The new design emerged as the Brabazon, but proved to be a commercial failure. Overly large and too slow, it was entering the market just as turboprop and jet engines were coming into the field. BOAC asked for the second prototype to be powered by four Proteus turboprops in place of the eight Centaurus', but this engine would need additional development before it could be fitted and BOAC lost interest in the meantime. The prototype was later cut up after suffering from fatigue cracks in the engine/propeller mounting structures.
While the Brabazon was turning from design to prototype, the company directors asked Russell to start development of a much more modest freighter design. This emerged as the Bristol Freighter in 1945. A small number were sold to a variety of users, and the design was a modest success.
In 1947 Bristol won a design competition for "An airliner to required to carry thirty six passengers on routes to South Africa, Australia and the Far East." The number of passengers, 36, had been set by the capacity of the standard BOAC airport bus. Russell redesigned the plane for 68 passengers instead, producing the Britannia. As development continued, BOAC decided the Proteus was ready for airline use, and asked for development to be switched to this engine. With some additional wing area, this allowed the passenger capacity to be increased to 96 without altering the fuselage.
The first prototype flew in August 1952, but the engines were still not ready for production. The second prototype, with upgraded Proteus III's, flew in December 1953. This example caught fire in February 1954 and had to be ditched. The cause was eventually traced to a failure in the propeller reduction gearing, but did not significantly set back development. However, at this point the de Havilland Comet suffered a series of mysterious crashes, and the ensuing investigation discovered extensive metal fatigue problems. This led to a new requirement that all designs had to undergo extensive water tank testing. After passing these tests, the Proteus engines proved to have icing problems, leading to additional redesigns. By the time the Britannia finally entered service in 1957, the Boeing 707 and Douglas DC-8 were about to enter service, dramatically limiting interest in the Britannia.
In the late 1950s Russell led the design of the Bristol Type 200, a concept that competed with the Hawker Siddeley Trident. Russell felt that British European Airways' (BEA) specification was too small, so the Type 200 was closer in size and range to the Boeing 727, which later sold almost 10 times as well as the Trident. In 1958 BEA selected the Trident and the Type 200 was cancelled.
Concorde.
Through the 1950s Russell became increasingly interested in supersonic flight, and was particularly interested in the "breathtaking novelty" of the slender-wing delta, which Royal Aircraft Establishment demonstrated gave massive lift at high angle of attack due to its formidable vortex lift capabilities. Russell and his team proposed a number of designs using the new planform, eventually leading a number of paper studies for a supersonic transport, starting with the Type 198 in 1961.
The team, led by Bill Strang, Mick Wilde, Doug Thorn and Douglas Vickery, had produced a number of designs when they learned of similar efforts at Sud Aviation under the Super-Caravelle project. Russell developed a friendship with his counterpart at Sud, Louis Giusta, which aided the eventual formation of the Concorde project. Russell became the joint chairman of the Concorde Executive Committee of Directors between 1965 and 1969. Russell was appointed Chairman, Filton Division of the British Aircraft Corporation (BAC) in 1968 and retired in 1969. He was also vice-chairman, BAC-Sud Aviation Concorde Committee 1969 to 1970.
Russell won the RAeS British Gold Medal in 1951, was made CBE in 1954, FRS in 1970 and Knighted in 1972. With his wife Lorna he had one son and one daughter. Lorna died in 1984 and Russell married Judy Humphrey in 1986. Archibald Russell died in Angorrack, Cornwall on 29 May 1995, one day short of his 91st birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19151701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151701" title="John Osborne, 11th Duke of Leeds">
John Osborne, 11th Duke of Leeds

John Francis Godolphin Osborne, 11th Duke of Leeds (12 March 1901 – 26 July 1963) was a British peer.
He was the son of Sir George Godolphin Osborne, 10th Duke of Leeds and Lady Katherine Frances Lambton. He succeeded to the title of 11th Duke of Leeds and its subsidiary titles on 10 May 1927. 
Despite inheriting half a million pounds after tax from his father at the age of twenty-six in 1927, he put his Hornby Castle estate on the market in 1930 and spent the rest of his life on the French Riviera. Hornby Castle, bar one gutted wing, was demolished the following year.
Family.
He was married three times:
They had one daughter, Lady Camilla Dorothy Godolphin Osborne (b. 14 August 1950): Camilla married 1) Julian Brownlow Harris and 2) the gossip columnist Nigel Richard Patton Dempster (m. 1977 – div. 2002)
Since the 11th Duke died without male issue, his titles passed to his cousin D'Arcy Osborne, 12th Duke of Leeds, the last holder of these titles.

</doc>
<doc id="19151702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151702" title="Taseyeva River">
Taseyeva River

Taseyeva () is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia. It is a left tributary of the Angara River, and is 72 miles (116 km long) long (with its tributary Chuna: 820 miles (1,319 km)). Its drainage basin is 128,000 km². 
The river is formed by the confluence of the Biryusa and Chuna Rivers, and the flows towards the northwest to its mouth in the Angara, close to Kulakovo. Its average discharge is 740 m³/sek.
The Taseyeva, with its tributaries the Biryusa River and Chuna River, drain much of the area between the Angara and the Upper Yenisei. The Biryusa (west) and Chuna (east) flow crookedly north, then bear northwest and join to from the Taseyeva. The Taseyeva continues west and then north to join the Angara River which flows west about 60km to join the Yenisei River.

</doc>
<doc id="19151720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151720" title="Douglas Scherr">
Douglas Scherr

Douglas S. Scherr, M.D. (born: January 7, 1967) is an American surgeon and specialist in Urologic Oncology. He is currently the Clinical Director of Urologic Oncology at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University in New York City. He also holds an appointment at the Rockefeller University in New York as a Visiting Associate Physician. Dr. Scherr was the first physician at Cornell to perform a robotic prostatectomy as well as a robotic cystectomy.
Background.
A native of New York, Dr. Douglas Scherr studied at Cornell University and received an undergraduate degree in Government. After University, Dr. Scherr spent a year abroad in Shenyang, China, after which he attended medical school at the George Washington University School of Medicine in Washington, D.C. Upon completing medical school, Dr. Scherr moved to New York City where he completed a 6-year residency in Urology at the New York-Presbyterian Hospital. Subsequently, Dr. Scherr pursued a Fellowship in Urologic Oncology at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center for two years. He is married to Jennifer Scherr and they have three children.
Areas of Focus.
Dr. Scherr specializes in treating urologic malignancies. His focus is on the treatment of prostate cancer, bladder cancer, kidney cancer, testicular cancer, and genitourinary and retroperitoneal sarcomas. He performs robotic assisted removal of bladders with total bladder reconstructions, along with colleague Dr. Shahrokh Shariat.
Dr. Scherr sits on several advisory boards in companies involved in urologic technology development. He has been influential in the ergonomics of robotic technology. He has been active in the development of optical coherence tomography and its application to urologic imaging.
Also active in the Laboratory of Urologic Oncology, Dr. Scherr has been instrumental in defining the hormonal regulation of bladder cancer and is currently developing a novel class of compounds that utilize the innate immune system to fight urologic tumors. He is working on the development of a non-invasive means to assess human tissue at the microscopic level. To this end, he has patented and developed the concept of “multiphoton endoscopy” which utilizes high speed laser energy to create high quality microscopic images of human tissue. This breakthrough has vast applications in cystoscopy, colonoscopy and bronchoscopy.
Board certification.
American Board of Urology (February, 2003)
Professional organizations.
Diplomate, American Board of Urology<br>
Member, Society of Urologic Oncology<br>
Founding Member, Executive Committee, Young Urologic Oncology Society<br>
Member, Society for Basic Urological Research<br>
Member, American Urological Association<br>
Member, New York Section of AUA, Co-Chair of Valentine Essay Meeting<br>
Member, Society of University Urologists<br>
Member, American Medical Association<br>
Lecturer, American Austrian Foundation<br>
Member, Cancer and Leukemia Group B (CALGB), GU Core<br>
Member, American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)

</doc>
<doc id="19151726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151726" title="Phoenix-class sloop">
Phoenix-class sloop

The "Phoenix" class was a two-ship class of 6-gun screw steel sloops built for the Royal Navy in 1895. Both ships participated in the suppression of the Boxer Rebellion, but "Phoenix" was destroyed in a typhoon while alongside in Hong Kong in 1906. "Algerine" became a depot ship at Esquimalt, was sold in 1919, and was finally wrecked in 1923.
Design.
"Phoenix" and "Algerine" were constructed of steel and powered by both barquentine-rigged sails and a twin-screw steam engine developing 1,400 horsepower. They were essentially a twin-screw version of the "Alert"-class sloop.
Operational lives.
Screw sloops like "Phoenix" had been obsolete for many years, but they remained ideal for patrolling Britain's far flung maritime empire, and both "Phoenix" and "Algerine" were deployed to the China Station. Both ships recommissioned at Hong Kong and served in Chinese waters during the Boxer Rebellion. In June 1900 "Algerine" was involved in an attack on the Taku Forts, including contributing to a multi-national landing party, and had 6 men wounded. She also landed a 4-inch gun, and this was used in the capture of Tientsin. "Phoenix" had the misfortune to be alongside a coaling pier in Hong Kong on 18 September 1906 when a typhoon struck the colony. She foundered and became a total loss. "Algerine" continued to serve, including time at Esquimalt and the West Coast of the United States. In 1914 her crew was sent to man , and in 1917 she was lent to the Royal Canadian Navy to serve as a depot ship at Esquimalt. She was sold in 1919 and converted to a salvage vessel. In her new guise she was wrecked on 13 October 1923 in the Principe Channel, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19151761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151761" title="The Game Is Thick, Vol. 2">
The Game Is Thick, Vol. 2

The Game Is Thick, Vol. 2 is a 2004 album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre. The album was released just 13 days before an unknown assailant began shooting at the vehicle Hicks had been riding in while driving on a freeway in Kansas City, Missouri. The driver crashed and was able to get to a phone to call 911 but Hicks was pronounced dead at the scene from a bullet wound, there have also been no leads as to who the perpetrator was; and the case currently remains unsolved.

</doc>
<doc id="19151765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151765" title="Yardzhilovtsi">
Yardzhilovtsi

Yardzhilovtsi is the biggest village in the municipality of Pernik, it is situated on the Pernik - Trun road and 40 km. east of the Serbian border. The world weightlifting champion Yoto Yotov is a native of the village.
The village's carnival troop is famous around the world and a constant in international carnivals with its vibrant dress, traditions and temper.

</doc>
<doc id="19151766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151766" title="The Fool and the Flying Ship">
The Fool and the Flying Ship

Plot.
The story starts out with the introduction of a peasant farmer and his wife and their three sons. The two elder sons were very clever, but the third son was a fool and was not as clever as his older brothers. One day, the Tsar of Russia proclaims that whoever builds a flying ship that can sail the sky will win the hand of his daughter, the princess. The two older brothers were eager to try their luck and their parents provided them with lavish provisions for their journey. Unfortunately, the older brothers never came back from their journey.
After some time passes, the youngest son wants to try out his luck at building the flying ship. Even though his parents just mock him and said that he will probably be eaten by a pack of wolves before he makes it, they decided to let him go on the journey but gives him poor provisions for his journey. As the Fool is walking towards the woods, he meets a man with eyebrows that jump like snowhares (literally) and the man asks the Fool where he is going. The Fool tells the man that he is going to build a flying ship to win the hand of the Tsar's daughter, but he does not know how to build such a ship. The old man then asks the Fool if he has anything to eat and the Fool tells the old man that he only has enough for himself but is willing to share the meal with him. When the Fool opens the bag, his poor meal turns into a lavish meal and he and the old man spend some time eating the food. Afterwards, the Fool falls asleep on the ground and when he wakes up, he finds a large flying ship (with chicken legs attached at the bottom) standing near him. The Fool climbs into the ship and starts to sail away over the land.
Along the way, the Fool meets several unusual companions on his trip, including a man who can eat everything triple his size, a man who has extremely sharp eyesight and carries a foot long gun, a man who can run faster than the wind, a man who can hear everything around the world, and a man who has incredible strength simply from his long hair. As the ship crew arrive at the Tsar's palace, the Tsar's small servant comes running to the Tsar and tells him that the ship is filled with a loud group of peasants. The Tsar is displeased at this and asks the servant what he should do about it. The servant tells the Tsar to set impossible tasks that they could never fulfill and the first task would be to eat one-thousand loaves of bread. The Fool sends the Eater to complete this task and the Eater eats all the loaves in a few seconds. The servant then sets a second task to retrieve the Equator from Africa and the Fool sends the Runner to complete this task. While in Africa, however, the Runner gets tired and falls asleep by a tree. The Fool and the others are worried about the Runner and the Sharpshooter spots the Runner sleeping by a tree in Africa and shoots at the flea that is sleeping on top of the Runner's Head. The Runner quickly runs back to the Tsar's palace and gives the equator to the Fool who gives it to the Tsar. The Tsar is deeply upset about this and so is his daughter, the princess, but the servant thinks of one last task.
The servant tells the Fool to get penguins from the South Pole and to complete this task by sunup tomorrow. The Fool tells this to his friends, and while they spot the penguins, they are in a dilemma as they do not know how to get the penguins from the South Pole. The Runner suggests that he should complete this task by running to the South Pole and then bring the penguins back to Russia, but the sharp shooter objects to this, because he had already used his last bullet to wake the runner up, so if the runner were to fall asleep like last time, he couldn't be awoken. Suddenly, the Puffer wakes up from his slumber and tells the others that he is going to puff up and therefore, he transforms into a strong heavy set man. The Puffer realizes that if they couldn't go to the South Pole, then he'd have to bring the South Pole to them. He then proceeds to pull the whole land towards them to get the penguins and just as the sun rises, the Puffer finally succeeds in getting the penguins to the Tsar's palace. When the Tsar wakes up the next morning, he sees all the penguins walking all over his palace grounds and gives the Fool his daughter's hand in marriage. Everything ends happily for everyone, well maybe except for the princess, but she got used to it.
Reception.
The Fool and the Flying Ship has received many positive reviews from various articles. According to an article in Entertainment Weekly, the story received an A- and is stated by Ken Tucker, "Drescher's drawing is as blunt and cartoonish as Williams' narration, and together they make The Fool and the Flying Ship a lot of silly fun." Also, stated in an article from Chicago Sun-Times by Ernest Tucker, "The quicksilver Williams has a ball in his tour de force role as the slightly Yiddish-accented fool. And the Klezmer Conservatory Band adds just the right inflections with its jazzy-yet-traditional music. The tape is a magical joy."

</doc>
<doc id="19151768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151768" title="List of Negima! Magister Negi Magi chapters">
List of Negima! Magister Negi Magi chapters

The chapters of "Negima! Magister Negi Magi" are written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu, the same person who wrote and illustrated the immensely popular series "A.I. Love You" and "Love Hina". The series is being serialized in Japan in "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" and is being collected into bound novels by Kodansha. It has been licensed for an English-language release in the United States and Canada by Del Rey Manga, and in the United Kingdom by Tanoshimi.
The series was adapted into a 26-episode-long anime television series by the Japanese animation studio Xebec and originally aired on TV Tokyo. It has been licensed for an English release in the United States by Funimation Entertainment, and has aired on the Funimation Channel. In addition, four original video animations (OVAs) have been made, as well as a TV drama series.
Oricon Charts.
For the week of November 25, 2008, Volume 24 sold 176,984 copies and peaked at #2.
For the week of February 23, 2009, Volume 25 sold 179,903 copies and peaked at #2.
For the week of May 27, 2009, Volume 26 sold 112,824 copies and peaked at #2.
For the week of September 20, 2009, Volume 27 sold 149,143 copies and peaked at #4.
For the week of November 29, 2009, Volume 28 sold 200,481 copies and peaked at #18.
For the week of February 21, 2010, Volume 29 sold 148,228 copies and peaked at #3.
For the week of May 23, 2010, Volume 30 sold 165,334 copies and peaked at #4.
For the week of August 22, 2010, Volume 31 sold 166,332 copies and peaked at #6.
For the week of November 29, 2010, Volume 32 sold 147,515 copies and peaked at #3.
For the week of February 28, 2011, Volume 33 sold 129,019 copies and peaked at #5.
For the week of May 22, 2011, Volume 34 sold 148,762 copies and peaked at #2.
For the week of August 29, 2011, Volume 35 sold 135,505 copies and peaked at #4.
For the week of November 28, 2011, Volume 36 sold 117,007 copies and peaked at #4.
For the week of February 26, 2012, Volume 37 sold 154,767 copies and peaked at #11.
For the week of May 27, 2012, Volume 38 sold 209,199 copies and peaked at #12.
In 2011, it became the 40th top selling manga with sales of 1,103,573 copies (in that year alone).
As of 2013, the series has sold a combined total of almost 20 million copies, ranking it among the best selling manga of all time in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19151769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151769" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's long jump">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's long jump

These are the official results of the Women's Long Jump event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 36 participating athletes, with the final held on Monday 23 August 1999.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19151792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151792" title="2006 FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship for Women">
2006 FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship for Women

FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship for Women 2006 is FIBA Asia's basketball championship for females under 20 years old. The games were held at Singapore.
The championship is divided into two levels: Level I and Level II. The two lowest finishers of Level I meets the top two finishers to determine which teams qualify for Level for next championship. The losers are relegated to Level II.
Qualifying round.
Winners are promoted to Level I.

</doc>
<doc id="19151793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151793" title="Balting">
Balting

Balting is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2212 and had 405 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151794" title="Table tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of thirty singles and team events.
Competitors were divided into eleven classes according to the extent of their disability, with lower numbered classes corresponding to more severe disabilities. Classes one through five competed in wheelchairs and classes six through ten competed while standing.

</doc>
<doc id="19151805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151805" title="Baluwapatti Deupur">
Baluwapatti Deupur

Baluwapatti Deupur is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5120 and had 933 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151814" title="Banakhu Chor">
Banakhu Chor

Banakhu Chor is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3549 and had 535 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151820" title="Batase, Kavrepalanchok">
Batase, Kavrepalanchok

Batase, Kavrepalanchok is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1985 and had 337 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151825" title="Bekhsimle Dhartigaun">
Bekhsimle Dhartigaun

Bekhsimle is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1210 and had 228 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151834" title="Bhimkhori">
Bhimkhori

Bhimkhori is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4519 and had 764 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151842" title="Alaska 2 tha Bay">
Alaska 2 tha Bay

Alaska 2 Tha Bay is a 2006 album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre.

</doc>
<doc id="19151844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151844" title="Bhumidanda">
Bhumidanda

Bhumidanda is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3383 and had 630 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151850" title="Bhumlutar">
Bhumlutar

Bhumlutar is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2284 and had 414 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151854" title="Birtadeurali">
Birtadeurali

Birtadeurali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2648 and had 474 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151858" title="Global Trust Center">
Global Trust Center

Global Trust Center (GTC) is an international not-for-profit organisation that aims to develop policies to protect the rights of users of digital communications while reaffirming accountability and legal values. It is represented by the Global Trust Center International Council, whose members, from academic and policy-forming institutions world-wide, participate for free. To achieve its objectives, the Global Trust Center acts as the:
GTC was initiated in 2003, and formally confirmed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19151867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151867" title="Bolde Fediche">
Bolde Fediche

Bolde Fediche is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2324 and had 418 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151871" title="Budhakhani">
Budhakhani

Budhakhani is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3336 and had 500 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151873" title="Nathania">
Nathania

Nathania may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19151879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151879" title="Chalal Ganeshsthan">
Chalal Ganeshsthan

Chalal Ganeshsthan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3807 and had 652 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151885" title="Chandeni Mandan">
Chandeni Mandan

Chandeni Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3267 and had 618 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151891" title="Choubas">
Choubas

Choubas is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2233 and had 419 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151895" title="Chyamrangbesi">
Chyamrangbesi

Chyamrangbesi is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1520 and had 254 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151901" title="Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog (soundtrack)">
Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog (soundtrack)

"Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog" is the soundtrack to the 2008 web series of the same name.
It was released exclusively through the iTunes Store on the evening of September 1, 2008, with lyrics and liner notes appearing on the series' website the next day. On the first full day of its release, it was the most downloaded album on iTunes in both Canada and Australia, and reached #2 in the U.S.
On September 10, 2008, "Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog" debuted at #39 on the "Billboard" 200 despite being an iTunes exclusive.
The soundtrack was released on CD on December 15, 2008, exclusive to Amazon US.

</doc>
<doc id="19151925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151925" title="Jeff Goulding">
Jeff Goulding

Jeff Colin Goulding (born 13 May 1984 in Sutton, London) is an English footballer, who plays as a striker for Dover Athletic. He has also played for non-league clubs Clapton, Croydon, Molesey, Hayes, Yeading, Fisher Athletic and Grays Athletic. Goulding has also made 150 appearances in the Football League, the majority of which were with Cheltenham Town.
Club career.
Goulding scored on his début for Bournemouth, at home to Bristol Rovers, in the 3–0 victory in the Football League Trophy on 2 September 2008.
On 26 November, Goulding was signed by Conference team Eastbourne Borough on a loan deal lasting until 1 January 2009. Goulding was released from Bournemouth on 10 May, after scoring just one during the season.
On 10 June 2010 he signed for Cheltenham Town, where he was reunited with former Fisher Athletic teammate Wesley Thomas, with whom he formed an effective partnership, scoring 10 goals. Goulding's season was cut short by an ankle injury suffered on 2 April 2011, during an 8–1 defeat against Crewe Alexandra.
On 13 February 2013 he signed for Aldershot Town until the end of the 2012–2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19151941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151941" title="Dumaresq">
Dumaresq

The Dumaresq is a mechanical calculating device invented around 1902 by Lieutenant John Dumaresq of the Royal Navy. 
The dumaresq is an analog computer which relates vital variables of the fire control problem to the movement of one's own ship and that of a target ship. It was often used with other devices, such as a Vickers range clock to generate range and deflection data so the gun sights of the ship could be continuously set.
A number of versions of the Dumaresq were produced of increasing complexity as development proceeded.
Geometric Principle.
The dumaresq relies on sliding and rotating bars and dials to calculate the relative motion of the enemy ship and to convert this into a "range rate" (the component of motion along the line of bearing) and "dumaresq deflection" (or "speed across" .. the component perpendicular to the range rate). Because the dumaresq is an analog or model of the relative motion of the two ships, it does not intrinsically favor which of its settings is an input and which is an output. This allows it to be used "backwards" -- a process called a "cross cut" -- to take sequential estimates of the range and bearing of an enemy vessel and discover its speed and heading that would be consistent.
Mechanical Design.
The design of the dumaresq consists of a circular dial with a cross-bar passing over the centre which is oriented to match the heading of one's own ship. A sliding assembly can be moved "backwards" along a scale etched on this bar to indicate the ship's speed in knots. Suspended below the slider is a second bar, which recorded the speed and heading of the enemy ship by rotating and sliding against a similar scale to that on the main cross-bar. The result of these two settings are such that the tip of the enemy bar records enemy movement minus own movement as a vector sum. This is equivalent to the relative motion of the target ship.
The base disc of the Dumaresq features a graph which can be rotated along the line of bearing. When so aligned, the axis along the line of bearing indicates the range rate and the perpendicular axis indicates speed across. A pointer stem dangling from the enemy ship bar allows the values to be easily read off in convenient units (in 1902, range rate was expressed as the number of seconds required for the range to alter 50 yards, but was soon standardised on yards per minute)
Mark I.
The mark I Dumaresq was manufactured by Elliott Brothers, who paid for and obtained a patent on the device in the name of its inventor, John Dumaresq, in August 1904. By 1906 the device had been amended to add a rifle-like sight for directly obtaining a bearing to the target ship. By 1913 approximately 1000 devices of various versions had been purchased by the Royal Navy at a cost of £10,000.
Mark II.
The mark II Dumaresq was the same as the Mark I, but larger and was in production by Elliotts by 1907. In 1909 it was proposed to add a compass ring to the dial plate, and another mounted on the cross bar for the enemy ship. This was added to a revised Mark II and Mark III versions.
Mark IV.
The mark IV version was developed in 1910, intended to be used within a gun turret operating independently from the centralised fire control. The device cost £4.50.
Mark VI.
This version included a hand wheel on the side, which rotated the dial plate, and with it the enemy bar. Relative direction of the enemy ship could be maintained to within a few degrees during a turn of the "own ship".
In 1908 Frederic Dreyer suggested an improvement, adding gears so that the enemy bar would alter direction automatically when the dial plate was rotated. This allowed an automatic correction of enemy direction as the home ship changed course. A similar "helm-free" Mark VI* model with a range and bearing clock and fixed dial plate permitted a gyrocompass input to automatically track own ship as it altered course, and was the one incorporated in the Dreyer Fire Control Table Mark III and III*. Such equipment was quite specialized to a larger fire control context.
The Electrical Dumaresq.
This model is the zenith in complexity for the dumaresq, and was created for use in the most modern Dreyer tables of WW-I, the Mark IV and IV*. The electrical dumaresq's special features were very particular to its use in the Dreyer FCTs in which it was fitted, sitting atop a range clock. Like the Mark VI*, it was helm-free, a gyro applied own course continuously, and a bearing clock tried to keep the bearing plate set appropriately. Its new wrinkle was an elaborate electrical device which would, when engaged, continuously and automatically apply the indicated range rate to its range clock and convert the indicated speed-across to a gunnery deflection at the present range. These special accoutrements were overtaking the inherent complexity of the dumaresqs themselves.
Mark VIII.
This dumaresq (as Admiralty pattern 5969A) lasted into service through WW-II. It was compact, had a fixed cross-bar and special gearing maintained enemy heading when alterations to own heading were made. All adjustments were manual on this model. A special graph spindle in the dial plate oriented along the speed-across axis could be spun to the present gun range and could quickly convert the speed-across to a gun deflection. That this was done by simple thumb work suggests that this dumaresq was meant to operate in the absence of advanced systems such as the Admiralty Fire Control Table that was then in service.
Wind Dumaresq.
Before World War I was over, a specialised dumaresq proposed by Captain FC Dreyer was incorporated into the Dreyer Fire Control Table alongside the main one to track and nullify the influence of cross-range winds on the shells as they flew toward the target. In the wind dumaresq, the vector bars subtracted own ship's motion from the real wind vector to produce the relative wind vector, which was called "wind you feel". A rolling spindle graph across the dial plate was spun to the present gun range and its markings indicated an additional correction to deflection to be applied to the gun sights in order to negate the crosswind's influence. This figure was read off by projecting the vector sum pipper to the roller graph.
Post WW-I.
The more sophisticated dumaresqs slowly died out after WW-I, their functionality being manifested in other hardware. The design of the dumaresq was not well-suited to integration in larger schemes of automated fire control. A wind dumaresq, however, can still be found in the transmitting stations of HMS Belfast and HMCS Sackville. Simple dumaresqs of almost regressive simplicity continued to be issued through WW-II in auxiliaries and transports.
Mark XI.
An example of the Spartan dumaresqs that survived beyond World War I, these were very simple, with fixed cross-bars and an own-speed of 12 knots that could not be altered. The standard speed suggests it was intended for use in transport type ships in convoy. The dial plate lacks markings for range rate, implying the fire control staff of the ship would have no range clock at all and that this device was solely to give an idea of what deflection should be used on the gun sights. A further indication that these were to be used by less intensively trained personnel is that the dial plate helpfully features an image of a gun muzzle which is to be pointed toward the enemy ship.
Mark XII.
These were nearly identical to the Mark XI model, but had range rate markings on its dial plate. It must have been for convoy vessels with at least a Vickers range clock whose rate could be set according to this indication.

</doc>
<doc id="19151942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151942" title="Bald Eagle Mountain (disambiguation)">
Bald Eagle Mountain (disambiguation)

Bald Eagle Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19151947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151947" title="Kavumu Airport">
Kavumu Airport

Kavumu Airport is the domestic airport serving Bukavu, the capital city of the Sud-Kivu (South Kivu) province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The airport is located about north of Bukavu.
Facilities.
The airport is at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with an asphalt surface.

</doc>
<doc id="19151956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151956" title="Mieszko II the Fat">
Mieszko II the Fat

Mieszko II the Fat () ( – 22 October 1246) was a Duke of Opole-Racibórz from 1230 until his death, and Duke of Kalisz-Wieluń during 1234–1239 (with his brother as co-ruler).
He was the eldest son of Duke Casimir I of Opole by his wife Viola, probably a Bulgarian lady.
Life.
At the time of his father's death in 1230, Mieszko II and his younger brother Władysław were still minors; for this, the regency of the Duchy was taken by their mother and Henry I the Bearded, Duke of Wrocław. Following her late husband's politics, the Dowager Duchess Viola led a policy of close cooperation with the Church. In 1233, and probably with the consent of the Duke of Wrocław, was issued a bull by Pope Gregory IX, under which the tutelage of the young Dukes was removed from their mother and granted to the Archbishop of Gniezno and the Bishops of Wroclaw and Olomouc. A year later, to calm the erupted rebellion against this decision, Henry I the Bearded give Kalisz and Wieluń to Casimir I's sons, taking the full control over Opole-Racibórz, but without denying their hereditary rights.
In 1238, Henry I the Bearded died and was succeeded by his son Henry II the Pious, who also assumed the regency over Opole-Racibórz. Shortly after, Mieszko II began to claim the government of their lands. Is unknown exactly when Mieszko II took over the rule over Opole-Racibórz, but this has been probably in late 1238 or early 1239 (who is more likely). One of the first politic decisions of Mieszko II was his marriage with Judith (b. 1222/25 – d. 4 December 1257/65?), daughter of Duke Konrad I of Masovia, who gave to the Duke of Opole-Racibórz greater autonomy in his rule. Mieszko II's mother Viola and brother Władysław are expected to remain in Kalisz, which held power under the guidance of the Duke of Wrocław.
The calm government of Mieszko II was brutally interrupted by the Mongol invasion at the beginning of 1241. In contrast to Bolesław V the Chaste, Duke of Sandomierz, Mieszko II didn't had any intention to give up his principality at the mercy of the enemy, and stood facing them. Fortunately, the initial moves of the Duke of Opole-Racibórz were favorable and in March 1241 at the Battle of Raciborz Mieszko II managed to catch part of the Mongolian troops in the borders of the Odra River, giving to Henry II the Pious more time to organize the defense. On 9 April 1241 the Mongol and Christian forces clashed in the Battle of Legnica. There Mieszko II played an infamous part: he was tricked by the Mongols into retreating in the decisive moment of the battle. This one of the main reasons of the total defeat of the Christian troops. 
Already in May 1241 Mieszko II began the reconstruction of the devastated territories by the Mongolian army. In 1241 Władysław, Mieszko II's younger brother, was declared an adult and able to govern; the Duchy of Opole-Racibórz escaped from the usual division, since Władysław was satisfied with the Duchy of Kalisz give to him by Henry II the Pious. Władysław's authority was soon threatened by the Dukes of Greater Poland, who wanted to retake this land. Further meetings between the brothers in order to find a way out of this difficulty (for example, on 25 March 1243 in Mechnicy near Koźle) didn't give positive results and in 1244, Władysław was forced to withdraw from Kalisz, maintaining only his rule over Wieluń, which ultimately also lost in 1249.
In 1243 Mieszko II military supported his father-in-law Konrad I of Masovia in his struggle for the throne of Kraków. The Masovia-Opole forces were defeat, in part because the mutual distrust between both rulers, despite the fact that Mieszko II brought further retaliatory expeditions against Bolesław V the Chaste. The cooperation has brought tangible benefits only three years later when he took the fortress of Lelów. Mieszko II's suddenly death, however, prevent the permanent union of this land to the Duchy of Opole-Racibórz.
In the internal politics, Mieszko II, tried (with little success) to continue his father's politics in the spread of settlements under the German law. The Duke paid particular care to the Teutonic Order, who acquired in Upper Silesia high-value properties. By the other hand, Miesko II didn't give any support to the monastery of Czarnowąsy near Opole, as revealed by the fact that he chose the Dominican monastery in Racibórz as his burial place.
Mieszko II, who —as reflected in his nickname— had not enjoyed good health, died at only twenty-six years of age, on 22 October 1246 without issue. In his will, he left all of his lands to his brother Władysław, except the district of Cieszyn, which was given to their mother Viola as her "Oprawa wdowia".

</doc>
<doc id="19151984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151984" title="Bald Knob (disambiguation)">
Bald Knob (disambiguation)

United States.
Mountain summits.
Bald Knob may refer to one of 142 mountain peaks in the United States including:

</doc>
<doc id="19151985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151985" title="Facility information model">
Facility information model

A facility information model is an information model of an individual facility that is integrated with data and documents about the facility. The facility can be any large facility that is designed, fabricated, constructed and installed, operated, maintained and modified; for example, a complete infrastructural network, a process plant, a building, a highway, a ship or an airplane.
The difference with a product model is that a product model is typically a model about a kind of product expressed as a data structure, whereas a facility information model typically is an integration of 1000–10,000 components and their properties and relations and 10,000–50,000 documents. A facility information model is intended for users that search for data and documents about the components of the facility and their operation.
A Facility Information Model can be an instantiation of a fixed data model or it can be expressed in a flexible modeling language such as Gellish English.
A facility information model about a plant, a building, etc. is usually called a Plant Information Model, a Building Information Model, etc.
A Facility Information Model can be created according to various modeling methods. For example the Gellish Modeling Method[http://gellish.wiki.sourceforge.net/] enables to model it in a system-independent and computer-interpretable way. This means that the model can be imported and managed in any system that is able to read Gellish English expressions. A facility information model is in principle system independent and only deals with data and document content.
Architecture.
A Facility Information Model consists of at least the following sections:
1. A Facility Model, which may include processes and activities
2. A Documents and Data sets section
3. An electronic Common Dictionary
And possibly also:
4. Requirements Models
The Facility Model
A Facility Model describes a facility, primarily in a breakdown structure that specifies a decomposition hierarchy of the facility. For example, the facility may be decomposed in sections, whereas each section is decomposed in units and utility systems, which are further decomposed in equipment systems, control loops, sub-systems, which are decomposed in pieces of equipments, building components, etc. as far as required.
The Facility Model consists partly of the facts (data) that are expressed as relations between the components and their properties and relations to other 'objects'. That data reflects the facility and its operation and its properties.
Documents and data sets section
Another section of the Facility Information Model consists of documents and data sets in various formats. Each of those documents and data sets is related to the element in the facility model about which the document or data set contains information. 
Electronic Common Dictionary
Each facility model component, property, activity as well as each document and data set shall be defined. This is normally done by classification. The classes (concepts) that classify the objects are defined in an electronic Common Dictionary. To ensure consistency and communication between systems and other parties that dictionary is also an integral part of every Facility Information Model.
Requirements Models
The quality of a Facility Information Model is determined by its completeness, consistency, up-to-dateness and accessibility. To measure that quality it is necessary to define requirements. This is preferably done in a computer interpretable way. These requirements and standard specifications have the nature of relations between kinds of things.
Implementation.
A facility information model can be implemented in various ways. The essence is that the user of a system by which the data and documents are accessed should experience it as one integrated system. Nevertheless, the system may be constructed such that the documents are stored in a simple directory or such that they are be stored in a separate document management system and the data are stored in one or more databases.
Important kinds of systems in which Facility Information Models will most likely be implemented are document-oriented systems, such as Electronic Document Management Systems (EDMSs), Content Management Systems (CMS systems) or Enterprise Content Management Systems (ECM systems). Another kind of systems in which facility information models may be implemented are more data-oriented systems, such as Product Data Management Systems (PDM systems) and Product lifecycle management systems (PLM systems).

</doc>
<doc id="19151991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151991" title="Chyasing Kharka">
Chyasing Kharka

Chyasing Kharka is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2628 and had 501 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19151992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151992" title="Olympia Fields (Metra station)">
Olympia Fields (Metra station)

Olympia Fields is a station on Metra's Metra Electric Line located in Olympia Fields, Illinois. The station is located on 203rd Street two blocks east of Kedzie Avenue and is adjacent to the Olympia Fields Country Club. Olympia Fields is from Millennium Station, the northern terminus of the Metra Electric Line. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Olympia Fields is located in zone F. 
The station is on a solid-fill elevated structure and consists of one island platform which serves the Metra Electric Line's two tracks. The right-of-way also carries three Amtrak lines, the City of New Orleans, Illini and Saluki. Although the tracks are on an elevated fill, it is only high enough for a pedestrian underpass to the Olympia Fields Country Club. 203rd Street is a dead end street at the station. None of the Amtrak trains stop here. There is no ticket agent at Olympia Fields, but tickets may be purchased from a vending machine in the waiting room.

</doc>
<doc id="19152000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152000" title="Dandagaun, Bagmati">
Dandagaun, Bagmati

Dandagaun is a Village Development Committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2365 and had 374 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152006" title="Dapcha Chatraibas">
Dapcha Chatraibas

Dapcha Chatrebangh is a Village Development Committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. It is about 20 km away from the district headquarter Dulikhel. The religious place of Buddhists namely "Namobuddha" is located to this VDC. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3200 and had 575 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152016" title="Daraune Pokhari">
Daraune Pokhari

Daraune Pokhari is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3138 and had 575 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152034" title="Deuvumi Baluwa">
Deuvumi Baluwa

Deuvumi Baluwa is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6773 .

</doc>
<doc id="19152036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152036" title="Philiscus of Aegina">
Philiscus of Aegina

Philiscus of Aegina (; 4th century BC) was a Cynic philosopher from Aegina who lived in the latter half of the 4th century BC. He was the son of Onesicritus who sent Philiscus and his younger brother, Androsthenes, to Athens where they were so charmed by the philosophy of Diogenes of Sinope that Onesicritus also came to Athens and became his disciple. According to Hermippus of Smyrna, Philiscus was the pupil of Stilpo. He is also described as an associate of Phocion. The "Suda" claims that he was a teacher of Alexander the Great, but no other ancient writer mentions this. Aelian, though, has preserved a short exhortation by Philiscus addressed to Alexander:
Take care of your reputation; don't become a plague or a great disaster, bring peace and health.
The "Suda" mentions that Philiscus wrote dialogues including one called "Codrus". Satyrus claimed that the tragedies ascribed to Diogenes were, in fact, written by Philiscus. Among the dialogues ascribed to Diogenes by Sotion, one is entitled "Philiscus".

</doc>
<doc id="19152037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152037" title="Starters in the Game">
Starters in the Game

Starters in the Game is a 2007 compilation album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre.

</doc>
<doc id="19152038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152038" title="Devitar">
Devitar

Devitar is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2104 and had 335 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152039" title="Morgan Reeser">
Morgan Reeser

Morgan Irwin Reeser (born November 14, 1962 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is a sailor from the United States, who competed in two Summer Olympics for his native country: 1992 and 1996. He won the silver medal in 1992 with Kevin Burnham in the Men's 470 Class. 
Morgan coached Sofia Bekatorou and Emilia Tsoufla (Greece) to an Olympic Gold Medal in the Women's 470 Class in 1992. He also coached Luke Patience and Stu Bithell (Great Britain) to an Olympic Silver Medal in Men's 470 Class in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19152042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152042" title="Cloud Peak (disambiguation)">
Cloud Peak (disambiguation)

Cloud Peak may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19152044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152044" title="Reminisce / Where the Story Ends">
Reminisce / Where the Story Ends

"Reminisce" / "Where The Story Ends" are two songs by ten piece hip-hop group Blazin' Squad, released as a double A-side single from their debut studio album, "In the Beginning".
Background.
Although a double A-side released was not originally intended, after the band expressed interest in both songs as singles, the record label decide to pair them together as a double A-side, as they did not wish to release four singles from one album. Although "Reminisce" received more radio and video airplay, "Where the Story Ends" also became a significant part of the single release, and was regularly performed on TV in promotion of the single. "Reminisce" contains a sample from Zapp's 1985 hit-single "Computer Love". The sample is mainly featured in the intro of the song. The single was released on February 10, 2003. Although it was the least successful single from the album, it did manage to reach a peak position of #8 on the UK Singles Chart, meaning all three singles from the album peaked within the UK Top 10.
Music videos.
Music videos were made and released for both songs, although "Reminisce" generally received more airplay. Despite the radio version being the prominent mix, the music video for "Reminisce" contains the longer album version. The video lasts for a total length of four minutes and ten seconds. The video features the group performing the song atop the wreckage in a dis-used scrapyard. The video features individual shots of each band member, as well scenes featuring the whole band. The video was filmed in East London. The music video for "Where the Story Ends" was a much simpler production. The video lasts for a total length of four minutes and twenty-seven seconds. The video features footage of the band recording the song in the studio, as well as other clips from their TV appearances, meet and greets and other personal appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19152069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152069" title="Tsogt">
Tsogt

Tsogt (, "mighty", Tsogtyn in the genitive form for patronymics) is a common part of Mongolian names.

</doc>
<doc id="19152075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152075" title="Nick Martin (scientist)">
Nick Martin (scientist)

Nicholas Gordon (Nick) Martin (born 14 February 1950) is a leading behavior geneticist who has published over 600 peer-reviewed articles on topics as diverse as the heritability of religion and intelligence to medical disorders such as endometriosis. This work has had a broad impact, reflected in the fact that Martin is among the most cited medical scientists in the Southern Hemisphere, with a number of citation classics including "Genes, culture and personality: An empirical approach" that he co-authored with Lindon Eaves and Hans Eysenck (cited over 600 times), "Analysis of the p16 gene (CDKN2) as a candidate for the chromosome 9p melanoma susceptibility locus" ("Nature"; cited over 460 times), and "Genetic and environmental contributions to alcohol dependence risk in a national twin sample" (cited over 400 times).
Early life.
Martin studied at the University of Adelaide. In 1972 he established a sample of twins in Adelaide while completing his honours thesis.
Academic career.
Martin moved to the United Kingdom to complete a PhD in 1977 under Lindon Eaves at University of Birmingham, the then centre of a remarkably productive period in the history of genetics. After working as a research fellow at the Department of Genetics of the University of Birmingham (1976–1978) and at the Department of Population Biology, Research School of Biological Sciences, Australian National University (1978–1983), he took a post as an assistant professor in the Department of Human Genetics at the Medical College of Virginia (1983–1986). He returned to Australia in 1986, moving to Brisbane where he currently directs the Genetic Epidemiology Laboratory at the Queensland Institute of Medical Research (QIMR). Since 1992, he has been an adjunct professor in the Departments of Pathology (1993), Zoology (1996), and Psychology (2003) at the University of Queensland, and senior principal research fellow at the Queensland Institute of Medical Research.
Together with J.D. Mathews, he established in 1978 the Australian Twin Registry. QIMR is now home to one of the larger twin studies in the world.
He has supervised over a dozen graduate students, many of whom have professorships in their own right, and is currently supervising a further half dozen.
Honours.
Martin has twice won the Fulker award for best paper in "Behavior Genetics" (1999 & 2003), the Dobzhansky Award for Outstanding Contributions to Behavior Genetics (2005), and the James Shields Award of the International Society of Twin Studies for outstanding contributions to Twin Research (1986), and is a Fellow of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia. In addition, he has been President of the Behavior Genetics Association (1996-1997), and is editor-in-chief of "Twin Research and Human Genetics". He is on the editorial boards of several major journals, and is on the advisory board of the Australian NHMRC Twin Registry.

</doc>
<doc id="19152081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152081" title="Chuna River">
Chuna River

The Chuna (), called Uda () above the settlement of Chunsky, is a river in Irkutsk Oblast and Krasnoyarsk Krai of Russia. It is long, with a drainage basin of .
The river has its sources in the southwestern parts of Irkutsk Oblast, on the northern slopes of the eastern Sayan Mountains. It then flows over the Central Siberian Plateau, and passes the Nevanka and Nizhneudinsk. Logs are floated downriver and loaded onto the Baikal Amur Mainline at Chunsky (station name Sosnovye Rodniki). It then turns west, and joins the Biryusa River to form the Taseyeva River.

</doc>
<doc id="19152082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152082" title="Defence Minister of Pakistan">
Defence Minister of Pakistan

The Defence Minister of Pakistan heads the Ministry of Defence, under which serve the three armed forces of the country, Pakistan Army, Pakistan Air Force, and Pakistan Navy. The minister serves in the cabinet of the Prime Minister, and is required to be a member of Parliament.
In the history of the country, the defence portfolio has usually been headed by the head of the government, be that the President or Prime Minister of the country. The first defence minister, not also to be the head of the government, was General Ayub Khan, then Commander-in-Chief of the Pakistan Army. From the 1980 onwards, the defence minister became a unique personality, and presently it is considered one of the big five cabinet portfolio along with the Prime Minister, Finance Minister, Foreign Minister, Interior Minister portfolios.

</doc>
<doc id="19152087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152087" title="Steve Mariotti">
Steve Mariotti

Steve Mariotti is the founder of Network For Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE), a social entrepreneur and educator. He previously worked in the private corporate sector before moving into youth education.
Biography.
Mariotti was born in Ann Arbor in Michigan. After earning his bachelors in business economics and an M.B.A from the University of Michigan he moved to New York. He is known for his work in at-risk youth education through programs he has designed. He initially founded The South Bronx Entrepreneurial Education Program with limited success in 1987. Later that year he founded Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship, a nonprofit organization which gives at-risk youth from low-income backgrounds opportunities to receive entrepreneurial education while attending high school.
Mariotti has also authored numerous books for young people on entrepreneurship and he blogs with The Huffington Post.
Mariotti is a 2012 inductee into the Entrepreneurship Hall of Fame. He is the recipient of numerous awards, including an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award, the Bernard A. Goldhirsh Social Entrepreneur of the Year Award, the New York Enterprise Report's 2012 Founders Award for Social Entrepreneurship, the National Director’s Entrepreneurship Award from the Minority Business Development Agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce, the Association of Education Publishers’ Golden Lamp Award, the ACE/Currie Foundation Humanitarian Venture Award, the USASBE Entrepreneurship Educator of the Year, the CEO Club’s Social Entrepreneur of the Year, and America’s Top High School Business Teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="19152096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152096" title="Hurricane Elida (2008)">
Hurricane Elida (2008)

Hurricane Elida was the sixth tropical cyclone, fifth named storm, and second hurricane of the 2008 Pacific hurricane season. Elida formed out of a weak tropical wave which formed off the western coast of Central America on July 8. The wave remained poorly organized over the next two days before developing a surface low. The low was declared Tropical Depression Six-E on July 11 while located to the south of Guatemala. The depression intensified into Tropical Storm Elida the next morning. It intensified steadily over the next two days before being upgraded to a hurricane. The storm fluctuated in intensity over the next several days before reaching its peak intensity on July 16 with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h). Elida slowly weakened as it passed over cooling waters and was downgraded to a tropical storm on July 18 and further downgraded to a tropical depression on July 19. The cyclone degenerated into a remnant low shortly after, and completely dissipated on July 21 over open waters.
Meteorological history.
Hurricane Elida developed out of a weak tropical wave which formed off the western coast of Central America on July 8. It is possible that the wave formed in the Atlantic Ocean, but there is little evidence to support this theory. The system remained poorly organized for two days before gaining enough convection to be classified using the Dvorak technique on July 10, while located 290 mi (465 km) south of Guatemala. Later that day, a surface low developed but convection remained minimal. During the night and through the morning of July 11, convection increased sufficiently and a tropical cyclone formation alert was issued. By the end of the day, the storm had become Tropical Depression Six-E, six hours earlier than the operational data. At the time of the upgrade, the depression was located 360 mi (580 km) south-southeast of Puerto Angel, Mexico. The depression was moving towards the west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h) due to a low to mid-level ridge located to the north of the storm.
The depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Elida early on July 12 while located 200 mi (370 km) south of Puerto Angel, Mexico. Elida's forward motion slowed somewhat as it neared the southwestern edge of the mid-level ridge. Deep convection developed around the center of circulation and a strong banding feature formed along the western side of the storm. Slow strengthening took place throughout the morning as the center remained underneath the deep convection. Outflow to the north of the storm was slightly restricted, indicating that there was some easterly wind shear. During the afternoon, a well defined banding feature appeared, but the outflow to the north remained highly constricted. Elida began to move slightly faster, still being influenced by the mid-level ridge. The foreword motion was forecast to slow down in the two- to three-day range as it moved away from the ridge. Overnight, wind shear began to weaken and outflow to the north of Elida was established. By the morning of July 13, banding features and outflow were present all around the storm, but wind shear managed to keep the center of Elida slightly displaced from the deepest convection. The movement of a weakening mid to upper-level trough trough would allow Elida to make a westerly turn. Later in the morning, the wind shear lessened and in the early afternoon, a burst of convection near the center of Elida had formed, but subsequently weakened.
Although Elida initially failed to develop an eyewall. in the early afternoon hours, satellite indicated the formation of an eye. Based on this, Elida was upgraded into a hurricane. In the late morning hours, Elida intensified slightly. and a ragged eye appeared in the afternoon as the structure of the storm improved. At this point, forecasters thought the Elida had peaked in intensity or was near its peak. Elida's direction shifted from a west-northwest to west as the ridge located to the north of the storm began influencing the trajectory. The eye disappeared shortly afterwords. as easterly wind shear began to increase. Elida slowly weakened and by the afternoon, Elida was barely holding onto hurricane status. Despite this, Elida became better organized overnight as convection wrapped around the eye.
On the morning of July 16, the eye appeared on infrared satellite and cirrus outflow improved all around the system; however, Elida was nearing cooler waters. The mid-level ridge to the north of Elida was now forecast to move with the storm, ensuring westward motion and slightly increasing the foreword speed to 12 mph (19 km/h). Elida accelerated slightly and maintained a westerly motion. The eye quickly disappeared from infrared satellite later in the morning, but deep convection persisted on the eastern side of the center of circulation. In the afternoon, an eye appeared embedded in the deep convection and Elida intensified into a category two hurricane with winds of 105 mph (165 km/) while located 630 mi (1015 km) southwest of Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. By the nighttime hours, thunderstorm activity in the northern semicircle of Elida waned and cold waters began to take their toll on Elida as the eye became cloud filled and less distinct. In the late morning, Elida weakened to a category one hurricane as determined in the tropical cyclone report. Despite continuing deep convection near the center of Elida and even an embedded eye, the center was lagging behind, making the storm slightly tilted. Elida produced a large amount of deep convection overnight, but the winds continued to lessen. The storm continued to move over colder waters, but wind shear was forecast to lessen, leading to slow, steady weakening. 
By the morning of July 18, thunderstorm activity associated with Elida diminished further and the storm was downgraded to a tropical storm. Despite being over very cool waters, Elida managed to maintain a small area of deep convection as it slowly weakened. By the afternoon, most of the convection had dissipated and all that remaine. The small area of convection shifted to the east side of the center overnight, allowing Elida to remain a tropical storm with winds barely at 40 mph (65 km/h). By the morning of July 19, Elida was traversing waters of 23°C (73°F) and all the deep convection had dissipated. Due to the lack of convection, Elida was downgraded to a tropical depression. Cold waters prevented any convection from redeveloping in the late morning, and it was unlikely that any convection would form. Elida was later declared a remnant low that afternoon as the system had been devoid of convection for hours. The remnant low continued moving towards the west-southwest before dissipating into an open trough on July 21 while located 690 mi (1,110 km) east-southeast of the Hawaiian Islands.
Preparations and impact.
Due to the proximity of Elida to Mexico, the Government of Mexico warned residents about the possibility of heavy rains from the outer edges of the storm. Thunderstorms related to Elida developed over Oaxaca, Guerrero, Michoacán, Colima and Jalisco. In Nayarit, Elida produced storms that dropped torrential rainfall and hail that injured at least one person. The rainfall resulted in the formation of a lake roughly deep. Several trees feel, blocking streets for several hours. Street flooding reached a depth of , inundating shops and some homes. Indirect effects, such as large swells, were felt along the Mexican coastline as the storm produced waves up to . However, as trade winds increased during the middle of July, the remnants of Elida brought rainfall to east-facing slopes of the Island of Hawaii and Maui. Frequent rain showers produced of precipitation in those regions, but no significant flooding occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="19152098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152098" title="Hurricane Fausto (2008)">
Hurricane Fausto (2008)

Hurricane Fausto was a strong Category 1 hurricane that had only minor effects on land during its life over the eastern Pacific basin. The seventh tropical depression, sixth named storm, and third hurricane of the 2008 Pacific hurricane season, Fausto formed out of a tropical wave on July 16. The storm gradually strengthened as it moved towards the west-northwest, becoming a minimal hurricane two days later. On July 19, Fausto turned towards the northwest as it continued to strengthen. The next day, while passing between the Mexican islands of Clarion and Socorro, the hurricane reached its peak intensity with winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 977 mbar (hPa; 28.85 inHg).
Fausto steadily weakened throughout the following two days as it moved over progressively cooler waters. By July 21, the storm was downgraded to a tropical storm and a tropical depression the next day. Early on July 23, the depression lacked deep convection and degenerated into a remnant low pressure area. The low persisted for another day before dissipating over open waters. Hurricane Fausto had little effect on land, despite passing close to the islands of Clarion and Socorro where high winds, reaching hurricane-force on Socorro, were recorded. Moderate rainfall from the outer bands of the storm amounted to 1.9 in (50 mm) in the Mexican state of Sinaloa.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Hurricane Fausto were in a westward-traveling tropical wave that moved off the eastern coast of Africa on July 4. Little development occurred as the wave traversed the Atlantic basin. It entered the eastern Pacific basin on July 12 after crossing Central America and began to show signs of development the next day. The system westward movement became slightly erratic on July 14 as development slowed. The following day, the system became increasingly organized and a tropical depression, which was designated 07-E, formed about 550 mi (890 km) southeast of Acapulco, Mexico. The depression maintained an area of deep convection around the center of circulation and was located within an area of moderate wind shear. An area of high pressure located over the southwestern United States was forecast to steer the system towards the northwest for most of its existence. A mid-level ridge located to the north of the depression caused it to rapidly travel towards the west at 23 mph (37 km/h) for most of July 16.
Shortly after being designated as a depression, 17-E was upgraded to a tropical storm and given the name "Fausto". Despite being partially exposed from convection, the system featured several banding features which supported a wind intensity of 40 mph (65 km/h). As a large cyclone, Fausto slowly intensified, with convection consolidating around the center the next day. The combination of relaxing wind shear and warm sea surface temperatures allowed the storm to intensify. Later that day, the center of Fausto became exposed but a large band of deep convection surrounded the exposed low. Early on July 18, a banding eye feature began to develop in the southern portion of the storm. Around this time, forward motion slowed as it began to turn towards the northeast. Later that day, a partial eyewall began to develop, indicating that Fausto had strengthened into a hurricane with winds reaching 75 mph (120 km/h).
Shortly after being declared a hurricane, the eye started to appear on visible satellite imagery. With low wind shear and warm waters, further intensification was anticipated. Very cold cloud tops with temperatures as low as –112°F (–80°C) surrounded the developing eye allowing the storm to intensify. Strengthening stopped for most of July 19 and the first half of July 20. That day, Fausto strengthened slightly as a ragged eye formed while the storm passed between the islands of Clarion and Socorro. At this time, the hurricane reached its peak intensity with winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 977 mbar (hPa; 28.85 inHg). Operationally, Fausto was assessed to have reached its peak intensity several hours later as a minimal Category 2 hurricane with winds of 100 mph (155 km/h) as the eye became better defined. However, the storm was located over 75°F (24°C) waters, causing it to gradually weaken along with diminishing convective activity. Later that day, Fausto was downgraded to a tropical storm and further weakened to a tropical depression the next day. With little or no remaining convection, the system degenerated into a remnant low pressure area as it traveled towards the west-northwest. The remnants of Fausto dissipated on July 24, while located about 1,065 mi (1,715 km) west of Cabo San Lucas.
Preparations and impact.
The National Hurricane Center did not forecast Fausto to affect any major land areas during its existence. As such, no tropical cyclone advisories were issued. The outer bands of Fausto produced moderate rainfall over portions of Sinaloa, Mexico, peaking at 1.9 in (50 mm). Several hours before the center of Fausto passed between Clarion Island and Socorro Island, sustained winds on Clarion were recorded at 64 mph (103 km/h) with gusts to 94 mph (151 km/h). Nearby Socorro recorded sustained winds of 79 mph (129 km/h) with gusts to 109 mph (175 km/h). Little or no damage was recorded on the islands. The hurricane-force winds reported on Socorro was recorded as Fausto made its closest approach to the island about 115 mi (185 km) to the southwest. However, due to the distance from the center of Fausto, these winds are suspected to be overestimated. Along the coastline of Mexico, waves up to were recorded in relation to Fausto.

</doc>
<doc id="19152103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152103" title="San Diego Art Institute">
San Diego Art Institute

The San Diego Art Institute’s “Museum of the Living Artist”, with its main gallery located in historic Balboa Park, is a Center for the Visual Arts for the Southern California /Baja California region. The institute functions much like a municipal gallery for the city/county. It is their vision to promote San Diego as a living arts community that fully integrates visual arts into everyday life through their three-fold mission of Education, Exhibition, and Outreach.
History.
Early in the year 1941 a group of San Diego business and professional men met in the office of Dr. Reginald Poland, then Director of the Fine Arts Gallery in Balboa Park. These men were interested in forming a group, which would have as its chief objective the painting of local characteristic and historical scenes of San Diego and vicinity. Following the organizational meeting invitations were issued to other painters known to be interested in preserving the memories of the fast disappearing early landmarks of San Diego County. In May, 1941 a re-organizational meeting was held, at which time the name “San Diego Business Men’s Art Club” was adopted. The first president was Walter W. Austin, former mayor of San Diego. The first instructor of this group was Maurice Braun, well known in all of southern California for his mellow California landscapes as well as for his unusual teaching ability. Otto Schneider, Alfred R. Mitchell and many others also acted as instructors of this enthusiastic outdoor painting group. Exhibitions of the work of club members were held at various places and created considerable interest. The first one-man show to be held by a member of this original group was by Charles Small in Bohnen’s Studio at Fifth and Laurel Streets.
In 1942 the “San Diego Business Men’s Art Club” negotiated with the City for studio quarters in the Spanish Village in Balboa Park. However, before this arrangement could be consummated World War II intervened and Balboa Park was requisitioned for use in the war effort. During the war the Club was relatively inactive, with the exception of a member exhibition in the La Jolla Art Center in June, 1944. Following the cessation of hostilities interest in the project was revived and the club was reorganized at a meeting held on April 4, 1947. During this year increasing activity was generated and many fine outdoor painting sessions resulted including one at the Pine Hills ranch of Mr. Fred Heilbron, one of the original members. Several exhibitions of paintings by old and new members were held, one of which was at the San Diego Club with an attendance of more than 140 people. During this year E. H. Pohl and Ben Vaganoff were added to the list of club instructors.
During 1948, increased interest and enthusiasm was manifested by alternate Saturday painting trips by the membership to various sites in San Diego County. The all-county Art Mart held in November of this year at 6th and Laurel Sts. was under the chairmanship of one of their instructors, Alfred R. Mitchell. Most of the members of the San Diego Business Men’s Art Club participated in this activity which greatly increased the public interest in the efforts of our organization. For a number of years following the 1948 Art Mart this activity was under the chairmanship of a member of the San Diego Business Men’s Art Club.
In 1949 the efforts of the club were increased and expanded. Exhibitions were held in numerous business establishments, hotels and schools. In 1950 these exhibitions were extended to outlying locations such as the Hoberg Hotel in Borrego Springs and the Carlsbad Hotel in Carlsbad.
Post World War II.
The San Diego Business Men's Art Club had grown in activities and public relations to such an extent that a headquarters and gallery were sorely needed. During World War II the Fine Arts Society was forced to evacuate galleries in Balboa Park and move to 2030 Sunset Boulevard. This fine old home was a gift of Mr. and Mrs. Frank E. Marcy to the Fine Arts Society of San Diego for use as its wartime temporary headquarters. Following the return of the Fine Arts Society to its galleries in Balboa Park the Sunset Galleries were left vacant. Through the kindness of Mr. E. T. Price, one of their club members, and at that time president of the Fine Arts Society, the use of the gallery at 2030 Sunset Boulevard was offered to the club for its headquarters and gallery. The San Diego Business Men’s Art Club was most happy to accept this gracious offer. Many fine exhibitions, social affairs, classes and educational and cultural meetings and lectures were held in this lovely old home on Sunset Boulevard. Exhibitions of the work of the club were held continuously and the show was changed at monthly intervals. Also, many visiting exhibitions were held during this time, not only of paintings but of photography and other arts and crafts. Field painting excursions continued every other Saturday under the supervision and instruction of one of the faculty members. During this time Alfred E. R. Van de Veide, Carlos Verharen, J. Milford Ellison, J. Roland McNary and Earl Schrack were added to the faculty, while Miss Elsey Taft became curator.
The San Diego Men’s Art Club had by this time reached a position of considerable recognition in the community and it was felt that activities and memberships should no longer be confined to men. Accordingly, at a reorganizational meeting in 1951 the membership voted to incorporate under the name of “The San Diego Men’s Art Institute” and to accept women as associate members. The corporate details were ably executed by Attorney Edwin R. Jeffries and the Institute’s membership promptly rose to more than fifty regular members and more than one hundred associate members. With the advent of the ladies as associate members activities of the Institute increased markedly. New interest, more classes and greater activities were at once apparent. After the Sunset galleries became available to the organization increased quality of the work submitted for exhibitions was noted. All members could now study the technique of each exhibit and profit there from.
The Permanent Collection Starts.
During 1950 and with the acquiring of the Sunset galleries a permanent collection was started. This exhibit is in the nature of gifts of paintings by well-known artists as well as some from our own membership. This collection has continued to grow and has become a very important part of the organization. In 1953 the Sunset galleries were sold by the Fine Arts Society and the San Diego Men’s Art Institute was forced to find other quarters. Temporary galleries were set up at 904 E Street in a building formerly occupied by the City Library. After a few months of occupancy of this building by the Institute this location was also sold. By this time negotiations had been completed with the City for occupancy of the present galleries in the House of Charm on the Plaza in Balboa Park, our present headquarters.
For some time it had been felt that our corporate name did not truly express the nature of our membership. It was believed that the name “San Diego Men’s Art Institute” was a misnomer because of the large number of associate members who are women. It was also apparent that the Institute had now arrived at a place in the community where it represented a rather important segment of the cultural interests. Accordingly, early in 1955 the membership voted to change the name of the organization to “The San Diego Art Institute,” thus deleting the word “Men’s” from the corporate name.
In 1956 San Diego initiated the Fiesta del Pacifico. The San Diego Art Institute had for several years previously sponsored an all-county art exhibit which was held in the Institute’s galleries. With the advent of the Fiesta del Pacifico this all-county show was sponsored by the both the Fiesta and the Institute. In 1956 the first co-sponsored exhibition with 213 objects of art were selected by the jury. These consisted of oil paintings, watercolors, graphic arts and other media and sculpture. Great community interest was generated by this event. Cash, merchandise and purchase awards were granted by both the Fiesta and the Institute as well as by local business firms, industrial corporations and individuals. Numerous awards of distinction were also made. Again in 1957 a similar exhibition was co-sponsored by the Fiesta del Pacifico and the San Diego Art Institute. 229 objects of art were selected by the jury for exhibition and again similar awards were made. The general interest in this second co-sponsored show was increased and more cash and merchandise awards were made.
Organization of the San Diego Art Institute.
The San Diego Art Institute functions much like a municipal gallery for the city/county. It is their vision to promote San Diego as a living arts community that fully integrates visual arts into everyday life through their three-fold mission of Education, Exhibition, and Outreach.
SDAI BELIEF
SDAI VISION
SDAI MISSION
Museum of the Living Artist.
The San Diego Art Institute's (SDAI): Museum of the Living Artist (MoLA) features a new exhibition of works by San Diego artists opens every four to six weeks in this gallery, dedicated to the advancement of the visual arts through outreach, education, and exhibition. Solo artist exhibitions are also featured. With more than 30 shows a year, the San Diego Art Institute aims to be a supportive center for local emerging artists. The Institute also offers many outreach and educational programs. The David Fleet Young Artists' Gallery showcases art done by students at regional elementary, middle and high schools while the Outreach through Exhibition Series calls upon artists to address community issues in their art. To top it all off, the museum also hosts art classes in about as many mediums as are shown on its walls. The Museum of the Living Artist is located near downtown San Diego in the House of Charm in historic Balboa Park, San Diego's largest urban cultural parks. The Museum of the Living Artist is surrounded by 17 other Museums.
The House of Charm.
The House of Charm was called the Indian Arts Building when it was originally created for the first exposition. In 1916, as international exhibitors traveled south from recently closed Panama Pacific International Exposition held in San Francisco. The lath and plaster structure was renamed the Russia and Brazil Building. It acquired its current name, the House of Charm, during the second exposition. Like many other exposition buildings within the Park, the House of Charm was taken over by the military during WWII. Due to its poor condition, the building was torn down and rebuilt to exacting specification in 1996. Represented on the National Register of Historical Places, the House of Charm is now home to the San Diego Art Institutes's Museum of the Living Artist(featuring art produced by local artists) and home to the Mingei International Museum; and three full-scale rehearsal spaces belonging to The Globe Theaters.
Gallery.
Regional Exhibitions.
The San Diego Art Institute's most visible activity focuses on showcasing the work of San Diego emerging area visual artists through a program of over 30 juried shows a year (regular show, a one-foot show, special outreach shows, youth art & others). Different art professionals are selected as jurors for each show assuring exhibitions of high quality and great variety. Juror's Choice and Honorable Mention certificates are awarded at monthly public receptions.
Annual International Award Exhibition.
Since 1955 SDAI has produced the "Annual"—a juried show drawing interest from artists all over the world. A different internationally known juror is invited each year. This show is juried by slides and makes available international competition to regional artists. Awards are presented at SDAI's annual Gala Celebration.
Outreach Through Exhibition.
A call to artists to respond to social and community issues. This is a unique visual art venue that marries the artist's talent with community awareness. Some previous exhibitions have been:
Social outreach through the visual arts continue to be an important part of the San Diego Art Institute's mission.
Youth Art.
David Fleet Young Artists' Gallery The mission of this gallery is the exposure to the creative process of the youth of San Diego within the curriculum of the school.
The San Diego Art Institute (SDAI) Youth Tour: A docent tour of the SDAI galleries aimed at young audiences. Exposure to living regional artists (and peers in the "Fleet") brings greater awareness of the possibilities in self-expression. The San Diego Art Institute maintains a separate facility for art education. Classes in life drawing, painting, watercolor, children's art, and various photography classes are a sampling of the SDAI art educational programs offered. SDAI also offers comprehensive computer classes in multimedia and animation plus various workshops on specific computer programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19152109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152109" title="Blue Lights in the Basement">
Blue Lights in the Basement

Blue Lights in the Basement is the sixth studio album by American singer Roberta Flack released by Atlantic on December 13, 1977. The album was a commercial success, peaking at number eight on the US "Billboard" 200, becoming her third consecutive top-ten album on the chart and reaching number five on the R&B albums chart. On February 27, 1978, the album received a Gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments over 500,000 copies. The album features the single "The Closer I Get to You", a duet with best friend and fellow soul musician Donny Hathaway, which became the biggest hit from the album, peaking at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100, and reaching #1 on the Hot Soul Singles chart. The collaboration with Hathaway would be his final single released in his lifetime before his death in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19152122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152122" title="Teresa (disambiguation)">
Teresa (disambiguation)

Teresa is a common feminine name.
Teresa, Theresa, Therese, or Thérèse may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19152126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152126" title="Tredegar corporation">
Tredegar corporation

Tredegar Corporation () was spun off from Ethyl Corporation in 1989, as a spin off of Ethyl's aluminum, plastic and energy divisions. They are based in Richmond, Virginia. Since then they have dropped the energy division, and now focus on aluminum and plastic films. 
This company has a 15.62 stock value [http://www.google.com/finance?q=Tredegar]
Official website.
http://www.tredegar.com

</doc>
<doc id="19152140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152140" title="Anness, Kansas">
Anness, Kansas

Anness is an unincorporated community in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19152143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152143" title="Tõnu Tõniste">
Tõnu Tõniste

Tõnu Tõniste (born 26 April 1967 in Tallinn) is retired sailor from Estonia, who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988. He won a silver and a bronze medal in the men's 470 class, for the Soviet Union (silver, 1988) and for Estonia (bronze, 1992). He did so with his twin brother Toomas Tõniste.

</doc>
<doc id="19152153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152153" title="Toomas Tõniste">
Toomas Tõniste

Toomas Tõniste (born 26 April 1967 in Tallinn) is retired sailor and a politician from Estonia, who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988. He won a silver and a bronze medal in the men's 470 class, for the Soviet Union (silver, 1988) and for Estonia (bronze, 1992). He did so with his twin brother Tõnu Tõniste. He is a member of the Estonian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19152159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152159" title="We Just Be Dreamin'">
We Just Be Dreamin'

"We Just Be Dreamin"' is a song by ten piece hip-hop group Blazin' Squad, released as the lead single from their second studio album, "Now or Never".
Background.
Despite the final single from "In the Beginning" only being released in February 2003, the band quickly began work on their second studio release, and in June 2003, the group released "We Just Be Dreamin'" as the album's lead single. Prior to the single's release, the group's record label East West had been attempting to take the group in a new direction, and as such, two versions of "We Just Be Dreamin'" were recorded, under the working title of "We Dreemin". The first version recorded was a rap version, featuring three different rap verses. The second version was a vocal version, featuring three different vocal performance verses. As the record label were unsure of which version to release, they packaged one version with each of the physical singles. The rap version received more prominent airplay, and was also featured on "Now or Never", and in the song's music video. The single was released on June 23, 2003, peaking at #3 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the group's most successful single since "Crossroads".
Music video.
The music video for "We Just Be Dreamin'" premiered in May 2003, at a total length of three minutes and thirty-three seconds. The music video features the rap version of the song. The video was filmed at the Tooting Bec Lido, and features the band performing around the swimming pool, surrounded by a group of girls in bikinis and other sexy outfits. The video also shows scenes inside the main Lido building. The video also shows scenes of a nearby deralict council block, which just weeks after the filming, was demolished to make way for more community facilities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19152179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152179" title="William d'Ecouis">
William d'Ecouis

William d'Ecouis (Sometimes referred to as William de Schoies) was a knight who accompanied William the Conqueror on his invasion of England in 1066. Guillaume d'Ecouis is included on the plaque in the church at Dives-sur-Mer, Normandy, France, where William the Conqueror and his knights said mass before setting sail to invade England
Land holdings.
William d'Ecouis is mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as a substantial holder of land and manors. This was reward for his part in the invasion and for his loyalty to King William I.
Middleton Castle.
Middleton castle was founded by William d'Ecouis. It was a motte-and-bailey fortress which was thought to be constructed from timber. The large motte is surrounded by a wide ditch. Middleton Castle is located in the Middleton village centre,Station Road. 5 miles north-east of King's Lynn, on the A47.

</doc>
<doc id="19152189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152189" title="Roberta Flack (album)">
Roberta Flack (album)

Roberta Flack is Roberta Flack's self-titled album. It represents her eighth album overall and was released in 1978. Its premiere single, "If Ever I See You Again" was #1 on "Billboard"'s Adult Contemporary chart for three consecutive weeks. It was also a Top 20 Pop hit.

</doc>
<doc id="19152194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152194" title="2008 Nordic Trophy">
2008 Nordic Trophy

The 2008 Nordic Trophy was the third Nordic Trophy ice hockey tournament, played between August 7 and September 6, 2008. The final weekend was played in Cloetta Center and Stångebro Arena.

</doc>
<doc id="19152199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152199" title="Keystone LB-5">
Keystone LB-5

The Keystone LB-5 (originally ordered under the Huff-Daland name) was a bomber aircraft produced in the United States in the late 1920s. Its manufacturer nicknamed it the Pirate, but this name was not officially adopted by the USAAC.
Design and development.
The LB-5 was a member of the family of closely related bomber designs that had debuted with the XLB-1 in 1923, and as such, was a large, single-bay, conventional biplane. Like most of the family, it was a twin-engine machine, with engines mounted in nacelles on the lower wing. The prototype XLB-5 had a single tail fin like the XLB-1, the 10 LB-5 production machines were designed with a triple-finned tail under the Huff-Daland name, but the final batch of 25 was redesigned with twin tails and designated LB-5A.
Operational history.
Its Liberty L-12 engines featured Duralumin variable-pitch propellers built by the Standard Steel Propeller Company of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, (forerunner of the Hamilton Standard Propeller Company). At least nine tests of tensile strength were made of its propeller blades between 1925 and 1927, one of which reported failure after 34 hours of flying time and 10 hours of testing.
On 28 May 1927, while at 1,200 ft altitude near Reynoldsburg, Ohio, the XLB-5 prototype (AC serial 26-208) experienced catastrophic failure of its right engine when a blade separated from the hub with explosive power, and tearing the engine apart. Shrapnel sprayed the five-man crew, which included 2nd Bombardment Group commander Major Lewis H. Brereton, flying co-pilot, and all except the nosegunner immediately parachuted. The nosegunner died in the crash, and the gasoline-soaked wreckage subsequently exploded and burned on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="19152207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152207" title="John Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Dornburg">
John Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Dornburg

John Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Dornburg (Zerbst, 4 May 1656 – Dornburg, 1 November 1704), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dornburg.
He was the sixth (but fourth surviving) son of John VI, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst, by his wife Sophie Auguste, daughter of Frederick III, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1667, John Louis inherited the town of Dornburg with the title of prince. Because he was still a minor, his mother, the Dowager Princess Sophie Auguste, acted as regent on behalf of him and his brothers.
In 1672, the sixteen-year-old John Louis began his Grand Tour with his older brother Karl William in Regensburg. There they reunited with their middle brothers Anthony Günther and John Adolph, who had just returned from a journey to Italy. The four princes became honored guests of the Emperor Leopold I in Vienna, and were allowed to kiss his hand. During his stay at the Imperial court, John Louis and his brothers took the opportunity to make contacts and extend their knowledge. Afterwards the young brothers returned to Zerbst. They enjoyed their time together very much, and it created a deep and lifelong bond between them.
Another journey already planned for John Louis in 1674 was frustrated. He was appointed to go to Italy with the Hereditary Prince Augustus Frederick, eldest son and heir of Anthony Ulrich, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel; although all necessary preparations were ready, the trip had to be cancelled because John Louis broke his leg. During the next three years he suffered severe pain. The physicians were unable to set his bones correctly and only gave him analgesics. But finally, the prince recovered fully. In the meantime, his brother Karl William had taken over the government of Anhalt-Zerbst and the custody of the brothers and sister who were still minors.
During his stay in Vienna John Louis also made trips to Hungary, which belonged to the Habsburg Empire. He inspected the fortresses of Raab (now Győr, north-west Hungary) and Comorra (now Komárom, on the border with Slovakia). From Vienna he traveled via Salzburg and Tyrol to Venice and Rome. At the Vatican, he spoke with several cardinals and other church dignitaries at the papal court. He also had several audiences with Pope Innocent XI. The following year, in 1678, John Louis travelled further south and visited Naples, Sicily, and Malta; there, he was chosen as Grand Master of the Order of St. John ("Johanniterordens"). In November 1678 he finally made the return journey home. He went by boat from Malta to Livorno (Tuscany) on the west coast of Italy and stopped in Florence. He spent some time at the Florentine court of Grand Duke Cosimo III and met the other members of the grand ducal family. During this time he was highly honored; John Louis then moved again to Venice. From there he crossed Italy to the Mediterranean and stayed in the cities of Mantua, Modena, Parma, and Genoa. From Genoa, he traveled further and visited the fortress of Casale in Monferrato and Turin. In the latter city he met Queen Marie-Thérèse of France, wife of King Louis XIV, who was extremely polite and accommodating to him.
John Louis spent two years in Italy, then went back to Zerbst. His trip was extensive and educational in all respects. His older brother Karl William received him enthusiastically upon his return. But in early 1681, the year when he began construction on Schloss Zerbst, he started traveling again. He visited the Netherlands and France, but after two years, John Louis returned home.
John Louis's military career was a minor activity for him. During his trips the fortresses he visited interested him only marginally. Nevertheless, in 1684 he joined the imperial army and held the rank of captain. Perhaps it was financial considerationss that forced him to do so. He served in a regiment under the command of General von Scharfenberg and supervised an unsuccessful siege of a Hungarian fortress. The campaign was a disaster, but John Louis did acquire experience. Only two years later, in 1686, the army was able to take the fortress. John Louis's military career ended there, and he returned to the civilian life. Back home, he began to build his Schloss in Dornburg.
Marriage and issue.
In Halle on 23 July 1687, John Louis married Christine Eleonore of Zeutsch (b. Hedersleben near Eisleben, 5 June 1666 – d. Dornburg, 17 May 1699), of an old Thuringian noble family. The circumstances of their courtship are not known. However, it is certain that it was not a political marriage, since it was clearly morganatic. They had seven children:
When a family compact was submitted to the Emperor for confirmation in 1689, John Louis obtained from the Emperor the insertion of a clause protecting the rights of his children as born of a legitimate and lawful marriage. In 1693 Karl Frederick, the younger son of John Louis's eldest brother, died, leaving only one sibling, the later Prince John Augustus; John Louis's next two older brothers were either unmarried or without male heirs, which made the possibility that the Zerbst inheritance would pass to his line more likely. Consequently, he took further steps to insure the succession for his children, and on 7 January 1698 secured an Imperial Decree making the children of his marriage princes and princesses of Anhalt. Indeed, they were considered dynastic, and at the death without heirs of Prince John Augustus in 1742, the surviving sons of John Louis succeeded him.

</doc>
<doc id="19152215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152215" title="Tescra">
Tescra

Tescra is a Systems Integration provider with services and solutions offerings. Its operation is in the USA, Canada, UK, Germany, Bulgaria and India.
History.
Founded in 2002, Tescra is headquartered in San Ramon, California, USA. 
Tescra was a US $30 million company in revenue in 2007.It was a US $4 million company in 2004. It has been listed in the top 100 diversity businesses in the USA.
Tescra services.
Tescra services are focused on business integration services and IT consulting.
Focus is on:

</doc>
<doc id="19152227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152227" title="Paisley by-election, 1920">
Paisley by-election, 1920

The Paisley by-election, 1920 was a parliamentary by-election held on 12 February 1920 for the British House of Commons constituency of Paisley in Scotland. It was caused by the death of the constituency's sitting Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) Sir John Mills McCallum.
Asquith’s return.
The by-election provided an opportunity for the return to Parliament of H. H. Asquith, the former prime minister who had lost his seat at East Fife at the 1918 general election in the aftermath of the split in the Liberal Party between those who supported the coalition of David Lloyd George with the Conservatives and the supporters of Asquith’s independent Liberals, or ‘Wee Frees.’ The by-election seemed to be a triumph for the Independent Liberals with a majority of 2,834 votes over Labour and a blow for the government with the Coalition Conservative candidate losing his deposit.

</doc>
<doc id="19152236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152236" title="Roberta Flack &amp; Donny Hathaway">
Roberta Flack &amp; Donny Hathaway

The 1972 Atlantic release Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway is a duet album by Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway produced by Joel Dorn and Arif Mardin.
Flack and Hathaway were both solo artists on the Atlantic roster who'd enjoyed critical acclaim, but for Flack, in particular had enjoyed limited commercial success. Both graduates of Howard University, although Flack's attendance there pre-dated Hathaway's, the two singers' careers had overlapped: Flack had included Hathaway compositions on her "First Take" and "Chapter Two" albums with the latter also featuring Hathaway as pianist, arranger and background vocalist. It was Jerry Wexler who suggested a joint venture might consolidate Flack and Hathaway's popularity.
The first single from "Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway" was a version of "You've Got a Friend" recorded before the single release of the James Taylor version: both tracks debuted on the Hot 100 dated 29 May 1971 - marking Flack's first chart appearance - and although Taylor's version reached #1 the Flack/Hathaway duet ascended as high as #29 and was a Top Ten R&B hit at #8. (The B-side "Gone Away" was a "Chapter Two" track written by Hathaway.)
The second single from the duets album was a remake of "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'" which was a #30 R&B hit peaking on the Hot 100 at #71.
It was the album's third single "Where Is the Love" - released April 1972 almost a year after the album itself - which would be the smash hit, largely due to Flack having had her solo career breakthrough with "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face".
Although Hathaway had enjoyed more solo success than had Flack prior to their teaming up his subsequent solo career was desultory with no high-profile success prior to his re-teaming with Flack for "The Closer I Get to You" in 1978. Hathaway had recorded two songs for a second duet album with Flack - which became the "Roberta Flack Featuring Donny Hathaway" album - at the time of his death on 13 January 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19152254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152254" title="Casey Nicholaw">
Casey Nicholaw

Casey Nicholaw (born 1962) is an American theatre director, choreographer and performer. He has been nominated for Tony Awards for directing and choreographing "The Drowsy Chaperone" (2006), for choreographing "Monty Python's Spamalot" (2005), and choreographing "The Book of Mormon" (2011), as well as winning for his co-direction the latter with Trey Parker. He also was nominated for the Drama Desk Awards for Outstanding Direction and Choreography for "The Drowsy Chaperone" (2006), and for Outstanding Choreography for "Spamalot" (2005).
Biography.
The oldest of three children, Nicholaw grew up in San Diego, California and performed in community theatre there as a teenager. He graduated from Clairemont High School in 1980 and attended the University of California, Los Angeles.
Career.
On Broadway, Nicholaw has directed and choreographed "The Drowsy Chaperone" (2006), choreographed "Spamalot" (2005) and directed "To Be or Not to Be", which opened October 2, 2008, for the Manhattan Theatre Club. He has been nominated for both Tony Awards and Drama Desk Awards for his Broadway work. As a performer, he played the role of Junior and other roles in "Crazy for You (musical)" (1992–94); played Wall Street Wolf and other roles in "The Best Little Whorehouse Goes Public" (1994); played Gregor, Juke and other roles in "Victor/Victoria" (1995–97), played Corky, Luke and other roles in "Steel Pier" (1997); understudied and performed as Neville in "The Scarlet Pimpernel" (1999); played the role of Frank Manero in "Saturday Night Fever" (1999–2000); understudied the role of Horton and other roles in "Seussical" (2000–01); and played the role of Dexter, among other roles, in "Thoroughly Modern Millie" (2002–04). He can be heard on the cast album of most of these musicals.
Nicholaw's other choreography credits include "Follies" for City Center's Encores! (Off-Broadway, 2007; he also directed this production); "Spamalot's" West End production and U.S. national tour (2006); "The Drowsy Chaperone" in Los Angeles (2005; as director and choreographer); "South Pacific" at Carnegie Hall (2005); "Lucky Duck" (Old Globe Theater, 2004) and "Can-Can" for Encores! (Off-Broadway, 2004). His other performing credits include "Billion Dollar Baby" (Off-Off-Broadway), for a Musicals in Mufti concert (1998) and "Bells Are Ringing" at the Goodspeed Opera House (1990). He also choreographed "Bye Bye Birdie" (2002) for City Center Encores!; "Sinatra: His Voice, His World, His Way" at Radio City Music Hall; and "Candide" for the New York Philharmonic's series of Broadway concerts.
In January 2009, Nicholaw was both director and choreographer of the Los Angeles debut of "Minsky's", a musical based on the 1968 film "The Night They Raided Minsky's", at the Ahmanson Theatre. 
Nicholaw directed and choreographed a new musical, "Robin and the 7 Hoods", based on the 1960s Rat Pack film. The musical features songs by Sammy Cahn and James Van Heusen, and with a book by Rupert Holmes (replacing Peter Ackerman). The show played at the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego, California, from July 30, 2010 through August, with a cast that featured Will Chase and Amy Spanger.
He is the director and choreographer for the musical "Elf the Musical", which officially opened at the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on November 10, 2010 and closed on January 2, 2011. He is expected to direct and choreograph the stage musical "Aladdin" which is expected to run at the 5th Avenue Theatre, Seattle, Washington, July 7–31, 2011. It will use songs from the 1992 film "Aladdin", with a new book by Chad Beguelin and new lyrics by Beguelin and Alan Menken. The musical "is not being groomed for a Broadway future."
Nicholaw will direct Animal House: The Musical, which will feature an original score by multi-platinum selling band Barenaked Ladies (“One Week,” “Pinch Me”). Michael Mitnick will write the libretto for the stage production. 

</doc>
<doc id="19152261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152261" title="The Pool (2007 film)">
The Pool (2007 film)

The Pool is a 2007 drama film co-written and directed by Chris Smith. The film stars non-professional actors Venkatesh Chavan and Jhangir Badshah, as well as Bollywood veteran Nana Patekar and newcomer Ayesha Mohan.
The story revolves around a young janitor working at a hotel in the port city of Panjim, India, who sees from his perch in a mango tree a luxuriant garden and shimmering pool hidden behind a wall. In making whatever efforts he can to better himself, Venkatesh offers his services to the wealthy owner of the home. Not content to simply dream about a different life, Venkatesh is inquisitive about the home's inhabitants and his curiosity changes the shape of his future. 
Though filmed in Hindi, a language Smith didn't know, the film earned good reviews. Besides winning a Special Jury prize at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival, the film won accolades from Geoffrey Gilmore, director of the Sundance Film Festival. In the same year, it was screened at the Vienna International Film Festival and International Film Festival of India.
The DVD was released on July 13, 2010.
Production.
After "American Job" (1996), "American Movie" (1999), "Home Movie" (2001) and "The Yes Men" (2003), Milwaukee-based director Chris Smith read a story, written by Randy Russel, about a person from a graduate school in Iowa. This person, who is out running, sees a swimming pool and gets obsessed with swimming in it. He follows around the people who own the place and tries to befriend them. However, Smith clarified that the film's story evolved from it in a "completely different way from there". He said that though they had a draft in hand while beginning the shooting, his goal was to let the environment (the actors, their experiences and observations) shape the story.
The film is a collaborative result of a crew that was half-based in India and United States. The crew included producer Kate Noble, creative consultant Xavier Leplae, whose film "I'm Bobby" was shot in the Indian state of Goa. Xavier's brother, Didier Leplae, who composed the score with Joe Wong in Milwaukee, had it arranged by a Bollywood composer, and recorded by a small orchestra in Mumbai. The film also credits independent film representative and producer John Sloss, who has handled all of his films, as being his "conduit to the rest of the world," and said that it was Sloss' work on his behalf that "has allowed me to stay in Milwaukee." Barry Poltermann, who edited "The Pool" and "American Movie", continued his association with Smith with this film.
Though the story was originally set in Iowa, Smith chose the port city of Panjim, Goa due to his long-time fascination with the city, especially the contrast between the rich and the poor. For the 65-day shoot, Smith and his crew moved to India for a five-month period. While referring to this cinematic endeavor as an experiment, he felt that the journey to India was crucial in clearing up his creative space to work. 
Smith once thought of aborting the project because they were unsuccessful in locating a bungalow with a pool. Eventually, they managed to lease one from a New Zealand-born India-based person.
Casting.
Saying that this film was the hardest he ever worked on in his life, Smith added that casting for the film was quite a challenge. The crew lost three lead actors due to various reasons. While one of them went to Mumbai on the pretext of buying karate uniforms and never returned, a young girl could not obtain permission for leave from school. The actor originally chosen for the father's role left them for a television series. These unfortunate incidents happened three days prior to commencement of the shoot.
After a casting director, who had previously worked with Ayesha Mohan, sent them her details, she was chosen to play the main actress. Speaking about how they identified Nana Patekar, a veteran Bollywood actor, Smith said:
When you're trying to cast, you will look anywhere and everywhere. At dinner, we would look at the waiters. And one day, this newspaper came (to their hotel room) with a story on Nana (Patekar). And it said that he takes his time between movies and likes to do interesting projects. And Kate thought he looked perfect. We liked his eyes and the way he handled himself in the interview. And he seemed a kindred spirit to what we were trying to do.
Smith was convinced that if Patekar agreed to play the role, the film would get a boost. Actress Mohan helped him approach Anurag Kashyap, who directed her in the Bollywood film "Black Friday" (2004). Initially, Patekar was not interested to do the film. But Kashyap urged him to take a look at 45 minutes of the film's footage. Upon watching it, Patekar remained quiet for some time and then he said, "this reminds me of what we used to do before we got corrupted." According to Smith, Patekar not just played his character, but also helped out in various scenes while filming.
20-year old Venkatesh Chavan, who played the role of the young boy fascinated by the pool, originally hailed from Mundargi town in Gadag district of Karnataka. Chavan’s parents left for Goa in search of work. While Smith was in the process of casting, Venkatesh was helping his parents to sell scrap. In January 2006, when he was roaming on the streets of Vasco da Gama, Smith met him, introduced himself and asked him to act in his film. Venkatesh took his parents’ permission and agreed. His mother and sister were asked to play the role of his mother and sister in the film as well. He received INR 60,000 as compensation for acting in the film. While filming, Chavan thought it was a documentary. Jhangir, who was selected to play the 11-year old character, worked as an employee in a bar/restaurant..
Filmmaking.
Neither of the young leads could read, so they couldn’t really prepare their scenes in advance. They had to rehearse on the spot and once they got it right, the scene was shot. Another complication was their language. Since neither of them spoke English, it was difficult for Smith to directly convey detailed direction. Hence, with a translator in place, it could easily get translated in the wrong way. Another challenge was that the film was being shot in Hindi, which was not the first language of either of them. In addition, Smith had absolutely no knowledge of Hindi. Effectively, they were being directed in a language they did not understand and having to shoot complex dialogue scenes in a language alien to them.
Poltermann was editing while the filming was in progress. Smith thought that this process had a huge impact on the finished film.
Critical reception.
The film appeared on several critics' top ten lists of the best films of 2008. Marjorie Baumgarten of "The Austin Chronicle" named it the 4th best film of 2008, Sheri Linden of "The Hollywood Reporter" named it the 4th best film of 2008, and Tasha Robinson of "The A.V. Club" named it the 10th best film of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19152274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152274" title="Now or Never (Blazin' Squad album)">
Now or Never (Blazin' Squad album)

Now or Never is the second studio album released by British ten-piece rap group Blazin' Squad. The album was released on November 20, 2003 in the United Kingdom, and peaked at #37 on the UK Albums Chart. The album spawned the singles "We Just Be Dreamin'", "Flip Reverse" and "Here 4 One". It features the rap version of "We Just Be Dreamin'", running at 3:28, instead of the vocal version, running at 3:37. The album cover was photographed in Queensborough, on the Isle of Sheppy. Following the album's commercial failure, the band split in 2004, and "Now or Never" became their last record to be released as a ten-piece band.

</doc>
<doc id="19152316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152316" title="Mayumi">
Mayumi

Mayumi (まゆみ, マユミ) is a common Japanese given name particularly for females.
Possible writings.
Mayumi can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19152318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152318" title="Abu Dhabi Investment Council">
Abu Dhabi Investment Council

The Abu Dhabi Investment Council (The Council) is an investment arm of the Government of Abu Dhabi. It started operations in April 2007 and is responsible for investing part of the government’s surplus financial resources through a globally diversified investment strategy, targeting positive capital returns through an expansive portfolio of highly diversified asset classes and active investment management strategies.
History.
The Abu Dhabi Investment Council was splintered off from the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA) in 2007 and took over all local subsidiaries previously owned by ADIA including Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, National Bank of Abu Dhabi and Abu Dhabi Investment Company (Invest AD). From Autumn 2013 the Council will be based at Al Bahr Towers.
Investment Strategy.
The investment strategy of the Council seeks to achieve superior risk-adjusted returns across the entire capital structure while preserving capital. Although the Council invests globally, there is a strong focus of investing in Abu Dhabi's economy. Some of its significant investments include:
Business Functions.
Office of the Managing Director.
The Managing Director is the highest-ranking officer within the Council. He reports to the Board of Directors and is responsible for the operations of the Council.
Active Investment Strategies.
The Active Investment Strategies Department aims to generate superior risk adjusted returns by investing in hedge funds and similar active trading mandates across different strategies, globally. The department co-invests in individual transactions by partnering with Hedge Funds and takes GP stakes in Hedge Funds and/or Seed Hedge Funds. Some of the global mainstream strategies include:
Direct Investments.
The Direct Investments Department invests directly in listed and unlisted companies across the globe, with a particular emphasis on the MENA Region. It is focused on creating a concentrated portfolio of highly uncorrelated securities reflecting the broad nature of investment opportunities the Council is exposed to. In this respect, investments are considered for their intrinsic characteristics rather than within a portfolio context. In addition, it is also responsible for monitoring and optimizing the value of the Council's legacy portfolio consisting of 12 investments in local financial institutions and other prominent companies.
Equities and Fixed Income.
The Equities and Fixed Income Department manages listed portfolios concentrated in the following areas:
Global Special Situations.
The Special Situations Unit invests in one-off opportunities that may not fit in any of the Council’s asset classifications yet generate a higher return than other asset classes. These investments are placed both directly and through managed funds.
Infrastructure Investments.
The Infrastructure Investments Department is responsible for building a portfolio of global infrastructure investments as well as contributing to the growth of the local economy through participation in local developments. Its investments target large-scale public systems that are vital to countries’ economies including transportation, communication, utilities & power and social infrastructures (i.e. schools and hospitals). Exposure to these investments is gained mainly through externally managed funds, but also includes the possibility of co-investments in suitable infrastructure projects.
Real Estate.
The Real Estate Department invests in global markets through externally managed funds as well as targeted direct investments by building relationships with managers, deploying stringent selection criteria, and executing a broad diversification strategy with respect to geography, size, timing and investment philosophy.
Private Equity.
The Private Equity Department places funds in global private equity markets.
Support Functions.
Various functions support the investment and non-investment activities of the Council. They include:
Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors is the highest authority within the Council and is composed of a Chairman, Managing Director and other board members, all of whom are senior government officials appointed by Decree from the Ruler of Abu Dhabi.
HH Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan - Chairman
HH Sheikh Sultan Bin Zayed Al Nahyan - Member
HH Sheikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan - Member
HH Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan - Member
HH Sheikh Hamed Bin Zayed Al Nahyan - Member
HE Mohammed Bin Habroush Al Suwaidi - Member
HE Khalifa Mohammed Al Kindi - Managing Director
HE Younis Haji Khoori - Member

</doc>
<doc id="19152330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152330" title="Seward Highway to Glenn Highway Connection">
Seward Highway to Glenn Highway Connection

The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), the Federal Transit Administration (FTA), and the Alaska Department of Transportation and Public Facilities (DOT&PF) are leading the Seward Highway to Glenn Highway Connection (also known as Highway to Highway or H2H), a proposed project in Anchorage, Alaska. If constructed, it will improve mobility and access for people and goods using multiple modes of travel on the roads that connect the Seward Highway and Glenn Highway. The lead agencies are coordinating the project with the Municipality of Anchorage (MOA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE).
These two highways are currently connected by a network of arterial roads that, during typical rush hours, reach or overflow their capacity. According to the policy committee of the Anchorage Metropolitan Area Transportation Solutions (AMATS), “congestion on the Glenn Highway has worsened steadily as the Mat-Su Borough and Chugiak-Eagle River have claimed larger shares of regional growth” than has the City of Anchorage. The Long Range Transportation Plan (LRTP) outlines how we can improve our transportation system to make Anchorage a better place to live, work, and raise future generations of Alaskans. The plan envisions the H2H project as essential to solving traffic congestion in Anchorage.
Project.
The Alaska Department of Transportation & Public Facilities, in cooperation with the Municipality of Anchorage, initiated the Seward Highway to Glenn Highway Connection (H2H) project as the latest phase of transportation planning to reduce congestion and traffic impacts on small urban neighborhoods. The project, as it moves beyond the planning stages, will use a combination of municipal, state, and federal funds, and will comply with all regulations governing use of those funds, including the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). 
NEPA Process.
All projects receiving federal funding must comply with NEPA requirements. The Seward Highway to Glenn Highway Connection is currently in the scoping stage of project development. During the scoping process, the project team will collect input from the various individuals, community groups, and government agencies that will be incorporated into an Environmental Impact Statement. This statement will outline any potential project impacts, not only on the natural environment, but on the neighborhoods, ethnic groups, and income-groups within the project area.

</doc>
<doc id="19152357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152357" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 1,000 to 5,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 1,000 to 5,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="19152358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152358" title="Silent Night, Bloody Night">
Silent Night, Bloody Night

Silent Night, Bloody Night is a 1974 horror film which was also released as "Night of the Dark Full Moon" and re-released in the 1981 horror boom as "Death House". It was directed by Theodore Gershuny and co-produced by Lloyd Kaufman. The film stars Patrick O'Neal and cult actress Mary Woronov in leading roles, with John Carradine in a supporting performance. Many of the cast and crew members were former Warhol superstars: Mary Woronov, Ondine, Candy Darling, Kristen Steen, Tally Brown, Lewis Love, filmmaker Jack Smith and artist Susan Rothenberg. It was filmed in Oyster Bay, Long Island, New York in 1972 but was not released theatrically until 1974.
Plot.
In 1929, Wilfred Butler runs out of his house and has been set on fire. He collapses in the snow and is believed to be dead.
Years later, lawyer Charlie Towman and his assistant Ingrid arrive in a small Massachusetts town. Charlie meets with the town's nobles, Mayor Adams, Tess Howard, Sheriff Bill Mason and John Carter. Charlie is revealed to be the lawyer of Jeffrey Butler, Wilfred's grandson, and is trying to sell the Butler mansion for $50,000 by noon the next day. After a call to his wife, Charlie is revealed to be having an affair with Ingrid. The two stay the night at the Butler mansion, unaware that they are being watched. After dinner, the two go upstairs to a bedroom to have sex. The unknown person walks in on them and kills them both. The killer calls the police and reveals himself to be Marianne.
After Tess, who is the town's phone operator, intercepts the call, she leaves her assistant in charge and goes to the Butler mansion. Marianne greets Tess, who is visibly frighten. She is knocked over the head repeatedly with a candle holder. At the same time, Sheriff Mason goes to the mansion, but stops at the cemetery. He sees the grave for Wilfred Butler to be empty and is struck over the head with a shovel, falling into the grave.
Mayor Adams is called to go to the Butler mansion, leaving his daughter Diane at home alone. Not long after Adams leaves, a man arrives at the house and says his name is Jeffrey Butler, Wilfred's grandson. Jeffrey says he found the sheriff's car abandoned at the cemetery and "borrowed" it. After a brief conversation, Diane and Jeffrey go up to the cemetery to look for the sheriff. The two find that Wilfred's grave has been messed with. The two go into town to Carter's to see if they can find out what is happening.
Jeffrey takes Carter to the mansion and leaves him there to go back and retrieve Diane. Jeffrey hits and kills Carter, who had been stabbed in the eyes. Diane's suspicions of Jeffrey start to grow after this incident. The two enter the house and Jeffrey finds an old diary. The diary reveals that Wilfred had an incestuous relationship with his daughter, Marianne, and Jeffrey was the result. Wilfred turned the mansion into an asylum and admitted his own daughter. He soon regretted his decision and set loose the inmates. The inmates killed all the doctors and Marianne in the process. Jeffrey reveals that John Carter, Mayor Adams, Tess Howard and Sheriff Bill Mason were inmates that stayed behind in town.
Mayor Adams finally arrives to the mansion and finds Diane and Jeffrey there. Adams and Jeffrey hold each other at gunpoint, believing the other to be the killer. The two open fire, killing each other. A distraught Diane is greeted by Marianne, who is really Wilfred Butler. Butler went after John Carter, Mayor Adams, Tess Howard, and Sheriff Bill Mason to get revenge for his daughter's death and used his grandson/son as a decoy. Diane grabs Jeffrey's gun and shoots Butler. A year later, Diane takes one last look at the Butler mansion before it is destroyed by a bulldozer crew.
History.
"Silent Night, Bloody Night" played primarily at drive-in theaters before disappearing into obscurity. However, in the mid-1980s the film was featured on "" where its exposure would begin a small cult following. Since its release the film has fallen into public domain and is now available on DVD from various entertainment companies that specialize in public domain films.
Critical reception.
Allmovie called it a "minor gem", complementing the film's "eerie atmosphere" and noting its place as a predecessor to the slasher film genre.
Remake.
On 9 December 2011, website Dread Central announced that the film will be remade by UK production company North Bank Entertainment as "Silent Night, Bloody Night: The Homecoming".

</doc>
<doc id="19152359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152359" title="Cicimli">
Cicimli

Cicimli or Cimcimli or Dzhidzhimli or Dzhimdzhimly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19152370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152370" title="Electoral district of West Swan">
Electoral district of West Swan

West Swan is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia. It is located in the north-eastern suburbs of Perth. 
West Swan is a safe Labor seat. After its creation prior to the 2008 election, ABC electoral commentator Antony Green calculated a theoretical margin of 10.6% favouring Labor over the Liberal Party in two party preferred terms.
Geography.
The roughly oblong-shaped district is dominated by the bushland of Whiteman Park and Cullacabardee. The voters of West Swan are situated towards the eastern, southern and western edges of the district. To the north-west is the suburb of Landsdale. To the south lies Ballajura, Malaga and part of Beechboro. The suburbs of Henley Brook and West Swan lie to the west; whilst Caversham is situated in the south-west corner of the district.
History.
West Swan was first contested at the 2008 state election. It was a new seat created as a result of the one-vote-one-value reforms. A majority of the new district's voters came from the abolished district of Ballajura; with the remainder drawn in from Bassendean, Wanneroo, and Swan Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="19152384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152384" title="Shopping Neutral">
Shopping Neutral

Shopping Neutral is the term given to the shopping trend whereby consumers offset almost all of their spending by making money from selling goods online. The trend was identified amongst users of eBay.co.uk [http://www.ebay.co.uk/] based on analysis of over 100 million online transactions during 2007-2008.
Researchers at eBay documented the Shopping Neutral trend in the 2008 Reaganomics 1 report, which identified the activity of a growing number of users who bought and sold on the site within a 10% value range.
eBay identified 51,000 neutral shoppers in the UK at the end of 2007, an increase of 5% on the previous year. The researchers predicted 10% growth in this number by the end of 2008. The East Midlands town of Coalville is the Shopping Neutral capital of the UK.
1The eBaynomics Report analysis is based on 2007 transactions in key categories across the following UK cities: Aberdeen; Birmingham; Bradford; Brighton; Bristol; Cardiff; Derby; Edinburgh; Glasgow; Leeds; Leicester; Liverpool; London; Luton; Manchester; Middlesbrough; Newcastle; Norwich; Nottingham; Sheffield; Stockport; Stoke-on-Trent; Swansea; Wolverhampton.

</doc>
<doc id="19152400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152400" title="Muziek Centrum Nederland">
Muziek Centrum Nederland

Music Center the Netherlands (MCN) is an organization that promotes and archives Dutch professional music. It aims to strengthens the position of Dutch music and music culture in the Netherlands and abroad. It organizes events and informative meetings, workshops, courses; publishes promotional CDs; and attends international music fairs and conventions. It is financially supported by the Dutch government.
The establishment of a national organization for Dutch music was a wish of the 2007 government, and it led to MCN's establishment on 1 January 2008. The organization has its headquarters on the Rokin in Amsterdam. It is a merger of seven music institutes: Donemus (documentation center for classical music), Gaudeamus (center for contemporary music), De Kamervraag (center for classical music), Dutch Jazz Organisation, the Dutch Jazz Service, the Netherlands Jazz Archive, and the Dutch Rock and Pop Institute.
One of the organization's on-line publications is the "Muziekencyclopedie", an encyclopedia of Dutch bands and artists. In 2009, it helped establish an endowed chair for Jazz and Improvisational Music at the University of Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="19152401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152401" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 3,000 to 5,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 3,000 to 5,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="19152430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152430" title="The Accounting Review">
The Accounting Review

The Accounting Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Accounting Association (AAA) that covers accounting with a scope encompassing any accounting-related subject and any research methodology. Its current editor-in-chief is John Harry Evans III (University of Pittsburgh). "The Accounting Review" is one of the oldest accounting journals, and recent studies considered it to be to be one of the leading academic journals in accounting.
"The Accounting Review" was established in 1926. In its early decades, the journal tended to publish articles that would be of interest to accounting practitioners, but over time it shifted towards a preference for quantitative model building and mathematical rigor. In the 1980s the AAA began to publish two other journals, "Issues in Accounting Education" and "Accounting Horizons", that were more relevant to accounting educators and accounting practitioners respectively, to allow "The Accounting Review" to focus more heavily on quantitative articles.
Overview and history.
"The Accounting Review" is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering accounting, and is the flagship journal of the American Accounting Association. Its current editor-in-chief is John Harry Evans III (University of Pittsburgh). The journal's scope encompasses any accounting-related subject and any research methodology: as of 2010 the proportions of papers accepted for publication across subject areas and research methods was very similar to the proportion of papers received for review.
Submissions to "The Accounting Review" are reviewed by editorial board members and "ad hoc" reviewers. In 2009, the journal received over 500 new submissions a year, and about 9% of the decision letters sent to authors were acceptances or conditional acceptances.
Establishment to 1960s.
"The Accounting Review", launched in 1926 by William Andrew Paton, is one of the oldest academic journals in accounting. The American Association of University Instructors of Accounting, which later became the American Accounting Association, originally proposed that the association publish a "Quarterly Journal of Accountics", but the proposal did not see fruition, and "The Accounting Review" was subsequently born. Paton served as editor and production manager in the journal's first three years.
In the first few decades following the journal's establishment, leading authors in "The Accounting Review" tended to write articles that would be of interest to accounting practitioners. The journal published articles that focused on accounting education and issues related to particular industries and trade groups, with many articles using anecdotal evidence and hypothetical illustrations. The longest-serving editor during this period was Eric Kohler, an accounting practitioner; Kohler served as editor from 1928 to 1942.
From the 1940s to the 1960s, "The Accounting Review" published articles of greater diversity, and leading authors during this period tended to have less practical accounting experience and more formal education. During this period, the three individuals that accounted for most of the editorial duties of the journal were A. C. Littleton (1944-1947), Frank Smith (1950-1959) and Robert Mautz (1960-1962), all of whom either had practical accounting experience, or were leading authors prior to 1945, when the journal was oriented towards the accounting practice.
1960s to present.
In the 1960s, the journal shifted towards a preference for quantitative model building including econometric models and time series models, and accepted more articles by non-accountants who contributed ideas from other disciplines in solving accounting-related problems. Since the late 1970s, accounting professors have opined that the journal was sacrificing relevance for mathematical rigor, and by 1982, accounting researchers realized that mathematical analysis and empirical research were a necessary condition for articles to be accepted.
In the 1980s, the AAA began to publish two other journals, "Issues in Accounting Education" and "Accounting Horizons". "Issues in Accounting Education", first published in 1983, was created to better serve accounting educators, while "Accounting Horizons", first published in 1987, focused more on issues facing accounting practitioners. This permitted the journal "to focus more heavily on quantitative papers that became increasingly difficult for practitioners and many teachers of accounting to comprehend".
Between the 1980s and the 2000s, with the rise of databases such as Compustat and EDGAR and software such as SAS, articles became mathematically more rigorous with increasingly sophisticated statistical analyses, and accounting practitioners comprised a decreasing proportion of authors in the journal.
Reception.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal had a 2012 impact factor of 2.319, ranking it 6th out of 89 journals in the category "Business, Finance". Recent studies on accounting research and on doctoral programs in accounting considered "The Accounting Review" to be one of six leading accounting journals, and it is also one of the journals used by the "Financial Times" to compile its business school research rank.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index, Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences, and Scopus.

</doc>
<doc id="19152459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152459" title="16th Tony Awards">
16th Tony Awards

The 16th Annual Tony Awards took place on April 29, 1962 in the Waldorf-Astoria Grand Ballroom in New York City. The ceremony was broadcast on local television station WCBS-TV (Channel 2) in New York City. The Masters of Ceremonies were Ray Bolger and Robert Preston.
The ceremony.
Presenters: Judith Anderson, Art Carney, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Olivia de Havilland, Albert Dekker, Anita Gillette, Hermione Gingold, Robert Goulet, Helen Hayes, Celeste Holm, Sally Ann Howes, Ron Husman, Hal March, Helen Menken, Geraldine Page, Hugh O'Brian, Elaine Perry, Tom Poston, Jason Robards.
The performer was Mimi Benzell.
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19152478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152478" title="Catherine Roy">
Catherine Roy

Catherine Murray Roy, CBE, RRC, MM was a Scottish military nurse during World War I. She was the daughter of John Roy, minister of the parish of Drymen, and trained at the Western Infirmary, Glasgow, before joining the regular army as a staff nurse in 1909. She was one of the first 50 British nurses to go to the front in 1914. She served in both France and Belgium and was mentioned in despatches.
In 1917 she was awarded the Military Medal for conspicuous gallantry, displayed in the performance of her duties on the occasion of hostile air raids on Casualty Clearing Stations in the Field. At the end of World War I she was awarded the Royal Red Cross (First Class), receiving this honour from the King at Holyrood Palace, Edinburgh, on 5 July 1920. From 1934 she was Principal Matron at the War Office. On 13 April 1938, Roy was appointed Matron-in-Chief of Queen Alexandra's Imperial Military Nursing Service, with overall charge of the Service. She held the post until 1940. Roy was awarded the CBE after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19152481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152481" title="Roberta Flack Featuring Donny Hathaway">
Roberta Flack Featuring Donny Hathaway

Roberta Flack Featuring Donny Hathaway is Roberta Flack's ninth album. It was intended as the second duets album to feature Donny Hathaway and her. Hathaway only recorded two songs ("You Are My Heaven" and "Back Together Again") for this album before his suicide. Flack finished the rest of the record on her own.

</doc>
<doc id="19152486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152486" title="Live &amp; More (Roberta Flack &amp; Peabo Bryson album)">
Live &amp; More (Roberta Flack &amp; Peabo Bryson album)

 
Live & More is a two-disc live album between Roberta Flack and Peabo Bryson.
Reception.
Recorded and released in December1980 this live album would chart in 1981 at number ten on the R&B album charts.
In 1983, the duo would record a studio album called, "Born to Love".

</doc>
<doc id="19152504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152504" title="Journal of Accounting Research">
Journal of Accounting Research

The Journal of Accounting Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal associated with the University of Chicago. It was established in 1963 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Accounting Research Center (Formerly the Institute of Professional Accounting) at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.
Its current editors-in-chief are Philip G. Berger, Christian Leuz, and Douglas J. Skinner (all at the University of Chicago).
The journal covers research using analytical, empirical, experimental, and field study methods in all areas of accounting research. Each year, the journal publishes four regular issues and one conference issue, which contains papers and discussions from the annual accounting research conference held at the University of Chicago. 
It is listed as one of the 45 journals used by the "Financial Times" to compile its business-school research ranks and "Bloomberg Businessweek"'s Top 20 Journals. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", it has a 2010 impact factor of 3.346, ranking it fourth out of 74 journals in the category "Business, Finance".

</doc>
<doc id="19152513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152513" title="Omni Alberta">
Omni Alberta

Omni Alberta may refer to the following affiliates of the Omni Television system:

</doc>
<doc id="19152533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152533" title="A Clubbable Woman">
A Clubbable Woman

A Clubbable Woman is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the first novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.

</doc>
<doc id="19152539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152539" title="TAP Boyz (The Arabian Posse)">
TAP Boyz (The Arabian Posse)

The TAP Boyz (an acronym for The Arabian Posse), was a Chicago-based Palestinian American street gang or self-described "movement" formed on the corner of 63rd & Kedzie in 1992. Their gang colors were red and white and their symbol was a four pointed star. 
It was formed in response to anti-Arab sentiment from rival gangs; the movement's goal was to protect the Arab-American community from being attacked in racially motivated assaults precipitated by the First Gulf War. Most members were high school teenagers from south side high schools such as Hubbard, Bogan, Reavis, Oak Lawn, Andrew, Stagg, and Argo.

</doc>
<doc id="19152549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152549" title="List of Czech Open (floorball) winners">
List of Czech Open (floorball) winners

This is a List of Czech Open Winners. The Czech Open is an annual floorball open event, with over 200 teams competing in 5 different divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="19152553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152553" title="British Accounting Review">
British Accounting Review

The British Accounting Review is an academic journal of the British Accounting Association that was established in 1969. Its current editors are C. Emmanuel and V. Beattie of the University of Glasgow. 

</doc>
<doc id="19152572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152572" title="Anthony Goodman (historian)">
Anthony Goodman (historian)

Anthony Goodman (born 1936) is an English professor emeritus of medieval and renaissance studies at the University of Edinburgh. His main field of interest is late medieval England, and he has published books on subjects such as John of Gaunt and the Wars of the Roses.

</doc>
<doc id="19152607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152607" title="An Advancement of Learning">
An Advancement of Learning

An Advancement of Learning is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the second novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.
In this novel, the detectives investigate a murder at the fictional Holm Coultram College. More bodies are found after their arrival on campus. In this novel, Pascoe's future wife joins the action as a faculty member whom he knew from years past.
The book's title is an homage to Francis Bacon's (1561–1626) philosophical tome, "The Advancement of Learning".

</doc>
<doc id="19152618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152618" title="150035 Williamson">
150035 Williamson

150035 Williamson (2005 WO) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on November 20, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named for Bruce Williamson, a machinist, at the discoverer's workplace of Table Mountain Observatory, currently a NASA facility operated by the California Institute of Technology's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which began operation as a Smithsonian Institution site in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19152639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152639" title="Ana Bogdan">
Ana Bogdan

Ana Bogdan (born 25 November 1992 in Sinaia) is a Romanian tennis player. Bogdan is currently having a successful junior career. Her highest juniors ranking, which factors both singles and doubles, has been Junior World Number 2, on 5 January 2009. However, on the main Women's Tennis Association / WTA Tour, she has been ranked World Number 463 in singles on 12 April 2010, and World Number 926 in doubles on 18 August 2008. She is of no apparent relation to Elena Bogdan, they are born 6 months apart.

</doc>
<doc id="19152641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152641" title="(152212) 2005 RG">
(152212) 2005 RG

152212 (2005 RG) is a main belt asteroid discovered on September 1, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152650" title="(152471) 2005 WE1">
(152471) 2005 WE1

152471 (2005 WE1) is a main belt asteroid discovered on November 21, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152651" title="Hisham Talaat Moustafa">
Hisham Talaat Moustafa

Hisham Talaat Moustafa () is an Egyptian businessman who had been elected in 2004 to the Shura Council in the Parliament of Egypt. As the former chairman and former head of the Real Estate Branch of the Talaat Moustafa Group, his net worth was estimated at $800 million in 2007. He was found guilty on May 21, 2009 for his involvement in the murder of Lebanese singer Suzanne Tamim, but his sentence to death by hanging was overturned on a legal technicality. Following a retrial in 2010, he was sentenced to 15 years imprisonment.
Background.
Born in the Egyptian city of Alexandria in 1959, Moustafa graduated in 1980 from the University of Alexandria's College of Commerce with an accounting degree. He is the youngest son of construction magnate Talaat Moustafa and is married with three children (in order of birth): Omar, Tarek, and Mohamed.
Murder case.
On September 2, 2008, Moustafa was charged in Cairo of arranging the murder of Lebanese singer Suzanne Tamim. Moustafa was stripped of his parliamentary immunity. Shares in Talaat Moustafa Group, one of Egypt's biggest real estate developers, fell sharply on the day of his arrest as reports of the indictment reached the stock market. The stock had declined over the summer as rumors of Moustafa's involvement in the murder swirled through Egypt. In November 2008, the presiding judge issued a gag order on the publication of case details other than procedural decisions and the final verdict.
On May 21, 2009, Moustafa was found guilty of involvement in the murder through "incitement, agreement and assistance." On June 25, he was sentenced to death by hanging, along with former police officer Mohsen al-Sukkari, who was paid $2 million to carry out the hit. Egypt's Grand Mufti Sheikh Ali Goma'a upheld the verdict: "The court found no reason to have mercy on the defendants and decided to execute them unanimously." An appeal was filed the day before the August 25 deadline.
Retrial.
On March 4, 2010, the Cassation Court of Egypt accepted an appeal for a new trial after concluding the original verdict had made mistakes of legal technicality. The defense argued that co-defendant Al-Sukkari was not properly represented during his first questioning. Prosecutor Moustafa Khater responded to the finding by stating that Al-Sukkari did not ask for a lawyer. The retrial began on April 26. On May 28, Tamim's family dropped its civil suit against Moustafa and denied that they were paid any money in return. Judge Mahmoud el Khodeiry, former deputy chief of Egypt’s appeals court, said this would have no effect on the murder case. On September 25, prosecutors spent two hours delivering final retrial statements, arguing that they had evidence from 39 witnesses and mobile phone messages. Documents presented to the court included records of an attempt by Moustafa to freeze Tamim’s bank account in Geneva. On September 28, 2010, the court re-sentenced Moustafa to a reduced penalty of 15 years imprisonment. Political analysts were surprised that the judgment was issued before final statements were completed. Attorney Gamal Eid of the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information stated, "They did not even bother to go through the motions to save face. I do not trust that the judiciary is independent, and every day there is new proof of this."
Assault investigation.
In August 2010, Egyptian police opened an investigation of allegations that Moustafa had beaten his brother-in-law Ihab Mohamed Madi during the first week of Ramadan. Madi claimed that the beating began after he tried to intervene in an argument between his wife Sahar and Moustafa. Sahar, who is also Moustafa's sister, has been noted as the only member of Moustafa's family to consistently attend his court hearings.

</doc>
<doc id="19152655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152655" title="Andreas Tsiatinis">
Andreas Tsiatinis

Andreas Tsiatinis (born November 15, 1985, in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Cypriot basketball player. He is considered one of the most talented players in Cyprus. He measures 198 cm (6 ft 6 in) tall. He is a small forward. He recently won the Cyprus League with the team APOEL B.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19152656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152656" title="Hypotaurine">
Hypotaurine

Hypotaurine is a sulfinic acid that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of taurine. Like taurine, it also acts as an endogenous neurotransmitter via action on the glycine receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="19152659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152659" title="Rappin' Duke">
Rappin' Duke

"Rappin' Duke" is a 1983 hip-hop novelty song by Shawn Brown performing as the Rappin' Duke. The concept of the song is that actor John Wayne (a.k.a. the Duke) is rhyming. (Wayne had died in 1979.)
"Rappin' Duke"'s lyrics parody the hip hop bragging style popular at the time, wherein the rapper boasts of his/her seniority and superior rhymes and flow in his/her performance: "So ya think you're bad with your rap? / Well I'll tell ya, pilgrim, I started the crap. / When you were in diapers and wetting the sheets, / I was at the Ponderosa, rappin' to the beat." The lyrics also reference "The Beverly Hillbillies" TV theme song "The Ballad of Jed Clampett," with the words "Santa Barbara, that is / Swimmin' pools and movie stars," while also alluding to Ronald Reagan's presidency. (The acting careers of Wayne and Reagan overlapped for many years.) The song's constant refrain is "dah-ha, dah-ha," a parody of Wayne's distinctive laughter, sung to the music's slow beat.
The song uses the hip hop vernacular to make numerous pop cultural references from contemporary hip hop musicians such as Kurtis Blow and Run-DMC, to parodying the opening of Chaka Khan's 1984 hit "I Feel for You." "Rappin' Duke" was widely played in 1985, peaking at 73 on the 1985 Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs "Billboard" chart; and also charting on the Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales for 1985. The song's success led to Brown opening in 1985 and 1986 for such artists as Bobby Brown and Stevie Wonder.
Brown signed with Tommy Boy Records after the album "¿Que Pasa?" ran its course on the charts.
Music video.
The video opens with an African-American cowboy alternately walking and back-sliding onscreen with a boombox propped on his shoulder, obscuring his face. He is replaced by various images from old cowboy movies: gun battles, rope tricks, and the like, as well as other assorted images vaguely connected with the song lyrics. Halfway through the song, the cowboy — his features always hidden — reappears poolside, together with a trio of swimsuit-clad women. He shows them a few tricks, including moonwalking in his cowboy boots, and then ends up in the pool with the girls. The video fades out with the cowboy staggering into the sunset.

</doc>
<doc id="19152661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152661" title="(158621) 2003 BJ">
(158621) 2003 BJ

(158621) 2003 BJ is a Main Belt asteroid discovered on January 20, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152662" title="Louis Dorren">
Louis Dorren

Louis Dorren is an American engineer.
In 1969 Louis "Lou" Dorren invented the Quadraplex system of single station, discrete, compatible four-channel FM broadcasting. He founded Quadracast Systems, Inc. (QSI) of Palo Alto, California, United States to license his patents to RCA and others.
Dorren was awarded more than a dozen patents in the radio communications field, many of which are still in use today.

</doc>
<doc id="19152668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152668" title="158899 Malloryvale">
158899 Malloryvale

158899 Malloryvale (2004 QO) is a Main Belt asteroid discovered on August 17, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152675" title="(161384) 2003 UK25">
(161384) 2003 UK25

(161384) 2003 UK25 is a Main Belt asteroid discovered on October 24, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152687" title="Ruling Passion">
Ruling Passion

Ruling Passion is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the third novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series. The novel opens with Detective Peter Pascoe arriving at what should have been a reunion of old friends. Instead he walks in on the scene of a grisly triple-murder. To solve the crime, Pascoe needs both his superior officer, Andy Dalziel and his romantic partner—and Dalziel's feminist antagonist—Elli.

</doc>
<doc id="19152688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152688" title="163626 Glatfelter">
163626 Glatfelter

163626 Glatfelter (2002 UV) is an outer main-belt asteroid discovered on October 27, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Named after Pam Glatfelter, the current site manager, at the discoverer's workplace Table Mountain Observatory, currently a NASA facility operated by the California Institute of Technology's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which began operation as a Smithsonian Institution site in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19152700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152700" title="(163950) 2003 UN22">
(163950) 2003 UN22

163950 (2003 UN22) is a main belt asteroid discovered on October 23, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152702" title="JuiceCaster">
JuiceCaster

JuiceCaster is a social network specifically designed for use on a mobile device, also known as a mobile social network. JuiceCaster also released Flutter for iPhone, which allows the Apple iPhone to send text, images, and location to other mobile phones.
JuiceCaster is now live with AT&T, T-Mobile, Alltel, U.S. Cellular, and Cricket. It has received awards including 3G 2007, BREW 2007, Mashable! Social Networking Awards 2006, Microsoft’s Under the Radar Technology Event 2006, Meffy Awards 2008, and Webby Awards 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19152705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152705" title="Review of Accounting Studies">
Review of Accounting Studies

The Review of Accounting Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of accounting. It was established in 1996 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Russell Lundholm (Sauder School of Business).
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.022, ranking it 10th out of 86 journals in the category "Business, Finance".

</doc>
<doc id="19152711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152711" title="(166609) 2002 RF232">
(166609) 2002 RF232

166609 (2002 RF232) is a main belt asteroid discovered on September 10, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152719" title="Maximum Overload">
Maximum Overload

Maximum Overload is a compilation album released by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19152720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152720" title="(170025) 2002 VO">
(170025) 2002 VO

170025 (2002 VO) is a main belt asteroid discovered on November 2, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152730" title="(170026) 2002 VV2">
(170026) 2002 VV2

170026 (2002 VV2) is a main belt asteroid discovered on November 4, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152736" title="Bhavanga">
Bhavanga

Bhavanga (Pali, "ground of becoming") is the most fundamental aspect of mind in Theravada Buddhism. It is an exclusively Theravada doctrine that differs from Sarvastivadin and Sautrantika theories of mind, and has been compared to the Mahayana concept of store-consciousness. The term does not occur in the Nikayas, though the Theravada tradition identifies it with one that does; the phenomenon described as "luminous mind." The Theravada tradition asserts that it is the bhavanga that motivates one to seek nibbana. It is first found in the Patthana, part of the Theravada Abhidhamma Pitaka.
The bhavanga concept does not directly address certain questions first raised in the Kathavatthu. The limits of Abhidharmic analysis were first raised there, then more specifically by the Sautrantikas, and then finally explicitly and systematically by the Yogacharins. 
In the Theravadin Abhidhamma, both conceptualizing and mental consciousness normally arise conditioned by other mental states. However, they also have an unspecified kind of "rūpa" (matter, form) as "support condition" and "basis." Peter Harvey finds that incorporating this physical basis more fully may answer certain questions that the Abhidhamma does not address.
In modern times, Theravadins such as Nyanatiloka Thera have departed from traditional descriptions of the bhavanga, broadening the scope of the concept. Nyanatiloka Thera suggests that the bhavanga can be used to explain continuity of the personality in a lifetime, but that the nervous system could also be the register in which sense impressions are stored.

</doc>
<doc id="19152737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152737" title="(170027) 2002 VH5">
(170027) 2002 VH5

170027 (2002 VH5) is a main belt asteroid discovered on October 22, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152748" title="(171287) 2006 GK3">
(171287) 2006 GK3

171287 (2006 GK3) is a main belt asteroid discovered on April 7, 2006 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152770" title="(172533) 2003 UO9">
(172533) 2003 UO9

172533 (2003 UO9) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 20, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152776" title="Football in Chile">
Football in Chile

Football is the most popular sport in Chile. The country's history of association football began with English sailors and their boat trips due to various commercial links between Chile and Great Britain in the 19th century.
History.
Football was first brought to Chile by the British that exhibited the sport during visits to the commercial ports such as in Valparaiso. Chileans living in the area would watch how the sport was being played. In 1880 Chilean aristocratic families incorporated the sport into their regular rituals which brought the first games in Chilean football. This occurred within the confines of the British school called "Mackay y Sutherland de Cerro Alegre" in Valparaiso. 
Chile's oldest club was founded in the port of Valparaiso, and it was named Valparaiso Football Club. The governing body of Chilean football Federación de Fútbol de Chile was established in 1895. Chile was one of the founding members of CONMEBOL which launched the first South American international championship now known as the Copa America. 
Other important factors that helped the sport of football spread in Chile were the club tours from other nations, such as Argentina and Peru, held in Chile. Furthermore, the first South American tournaments aided in making Chile a better force in the world of association football. By the time the 1930 FIFA World Cup took place in Uruguay, Chile gave a decent performance but was not able to reach the second round due to losing to Argentina and thus getting second place. The next major step in the international arena took place in the 1962 FIFA World Cup which was held in Chile, and a series of interesting stories were built around the victories of the Chilean team that brought the country joy after the terrible earthquake that had deeply hurt the nation. Although Chile did not win, the team was able to obtain 3rd place in the competition.
Currently, Chilean football remains a strong force in Latin America. Colo-Colo has been the only Chilean club to win a Copa Libertadores championship while other clubs such as Cobreloa, Unión Española and Universidad Católica have played finals finishing in 2nd place. And Universidad de Chile has been the only Chilean club to win a Copa Sudamericana championship.
National teams.
The Chilean national football team represents Chile in all major football competitions. The team is controlled by the Federación de Fútbol de Chile which was established in 1895. They have appeared in 7 FIFA World Cup tournaments and were hosts of the 1962 FIFA World Cup finishing in 3rd place.
A women's team, an under-20 team, and an under-17 team also compete.
In Television.
Football is the most watched sport on TV.
See also.
National teams competitions:

</doc>
<doc id="19152778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152778" title="(172627) 2003 XP10">
(172627) 2003 XP10


</doc>
<doc id="19152785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152785" title="(173075) 2006 UC">
(173075) 2006 UC

173075 (2006 UC) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 16, 2006 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152794" title="(174758) 2003 VX2">
(174758) 2003 VX2

(174758) 2003 VX2 is a main-belt asteroid discovered on November 14, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152796" title="Robert Turner">
Robert Turner

Robert Turner, Bob Turner, Bobby Turner or Robbie Turner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19152802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152802" title="(177065) 2003 FP7">
(177065) 2003 FP7

177065 (2003 FP7) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 30, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152804" title="Hallelujah Junction (ballet)">
Hallelujah Junction (ballet)

Hallelujah Junction is the eighth ballet made by New York City Ballet balletmaster in chief Peter Martins to the — in this case eponymous — music of John Adams; the duo pianists appear in silhouette above the dancers throughout in Mark Stanley's lighting. The dance was made on the Royal Danish Ballet; the premiere took place on March 24, 2001, at the Royal Danish Theatre, Copenhagen; the NYCB pemiere was January 22, 2002, at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19152805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152805" title="(177245) 2003 WB">
(177245) 2003 WB

(177245) 2003 WB is a main-belt asteroid discovered on November 17, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152809" title="(177625) 2004 JD">
(177625) 2004 JD

177625 (2004 JD) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on May 8, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152815" title="(180103) 2003 FX6">
(180103) 2003 FX6

(180103) 2003 FX6 is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 26, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152828" title="Eldering">
Eldering

Eldering was a term originally used by the Quakers to denote the religious training and education of young adults by their Elders. Age was not a prerequisite, but familiarity, through personal experience, with the religious traditions and a spiritual life was. Eldering in the Quaker tradition was commonly thought of as not only teaching, but also correcting behavior. It can only be undertaken by a committee or, on occasion, an individual designated by the committee. Elders are primarily concerned with nurturing the spiritual life of their community and individuals within that group.
Spiritual eldering.
Spiritual Eldering is a term used by the Spiritual Eldering Institute, a multi-faith U.S.-based organization, to denote a focus in later life on spiritual development, interpersonal relationships, communication and service. The Institute is dedicated to the spiritual dimensions of aging and conscious living as expressed in the work of Rabbi Zalman Schlachter-Shalomi. His 1995 book, "From Age-ing to Sage-ing" (Warner Books), forms the basis of the Institute's teachings. Currently, the Sage-ing Guild, a networking organization formed in 2004, leads discussions, classes and workshops across the U.S. and trains facilitators in Rabbi Schlachter-Shalomi's philosophy. The terms Spiritual Eldering and Sage-ing are used synonymously and are trademarked by the Institute.
The New Eldering.
In 2006, The Eldering Institute began using the word "Eldering" to distinguish "wisdom in action"—with the focus on action. The phrase suggests that if we traffic in our experience and the knowledge we’ve accrued over the years without being in action or without having the capacity to inspire action in others, then all our "wisdom" is little more than a pile of comforting and mostly meaningless memories. When we stop the action, we become spectators and begin a process of detachment and inevitable decline. Eldering, in this sense, conveys the idea that life can continuously improve as we get older, provided that we continue to add value (be of service) and that we create and sustain authentic relationships with others of all ages.
The action of an elder is eldering and involves most of the elements of effective leadership, including:
Being an Elder in the twenty-first century is being a human being who is recognized by a community as having some wisdom to offer of continuing value. As such, it is not limited by age, nor is it an entitlement. It is not possible to declare oneself an Elder in the absence of relationships with others in a community. For example, The Elders (or Global Elders), a select group of 12 convened by Nelson Mandela, Desmond Tutu and Graca Machel and including Kofi Annan, Jimmy Carter and Mary Robinson (among others), have pledged themselves to act as global Elders to "support courage where there is fear, foster agreement where there is conflict, and inspire hope where there is despair".

</doc>
<doc id="19152829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152829" title="Luminous mind">
Luminous mind

Luminous mind (also, "brightly shining mind," "brightly shining citta") (Sanskrit "prakṛti-prabhāsvara-citta", Pali "pabhassara citta") is a term attributed to the Buddha in the Nikayas. The mind (Citta) is said to be "luminous" whether or not it is tainted by mental defilements.
The statement is given no direct doctrinal explanation in the Pali discourses, but later Buddhist schools explained it using various concepts developed by them. The Theravada school identifies the "luminous mind" with the "bhavanga", a concept first proposed in the Theravada Abhidhamma. The later schools of the Mahayana identify it with both the Mahayana concepts of "bodhicitta" and "tathagatagarbha". The idea is also connected with features of Dzogchen thought.
Anguttara Nikaya.
In the Anguttara Nikaya (A.I.8-10) the Buddha states: "Luminous, monks, is the mind. And it is defiled by incoming defilements." The discourses indicate that the mind's natural radiance can be made manifest by meditation.
Ajahn Mun, the leading figure behind the modern Thai Forest Tradition, comments on this verse:
Buddha-nature.
Bhavanga.
The Theravadin Angutta Nikaya Atthakatha identifies the luminous mind as the "bhavanga", the "ground of becoming" or "latent dynamic continuum", which is the most fundamental level of mental functioning in the Theravada Abhidhammic scheme. Thanissaro Bhikkhu holds that the commentaries' identification of the luminous mind with the "bhavanga" is problematic, but Peter Harvey finds it to be a plausible interpretation.
Alaya-vijnana.
According to Walpola Rahula, all the elements of the Yogacara store-consciousness ("alaya-vijnana") are already found in the Pali Canon. He writes that the three layers of the mind ("citta", called "luminous" in the passage discussed above, "manas", and "vijnana") as presented by Asanga are also used in the Pali Canon: 
According to Yogacara teachings, as in early Buddhist teachings regarding the "citta", the store-consciousness is not pure, and with the attainment of nirvana comes a level of mental purity that is hitherto unattained.
Svasaṃvedana.
In Tibetan Buddhism, the luminous mind (Tibetan: "gsal ba") is often equated with the Yogacara concept of svasaṃvedana ("reflexive awareness"). It is often compared to a lamp in a dark room, which in the act of illuminating objects in the room also illuminates itself.
Tathagatagarbha.
In the canonical discourses, when the brightly shining "citta" is "unstained," it is supremely poised for "arahantship", and so could be conceived as the "womb" of the "arahant", for which a synonym is "tathagata". The discourses do not support seeing the "luminous mind" as "nirvana within" which exists prior to liberation. While the Canon does not support the identification of the "luminous mind" in its raw state with nirvanic consciousness, passages could be taken to imply that it can be transformed into the latter. Upon the destruction of the fetters, according to one scholar, "the shining nibbanic consciousness flashes out of the womb of arahantship, being without object or support, so transcending all limitations."
Both the Shurangama Sutra and the Lankavatara Sutra describe the "tathagatagarbha" ("arahant womb") as "by nature brightly shining and pure," and "originally pure," though "enveloped in the garments of the skandhas, dhatus and ayatanas and soiled with the dirt of attachment, hatred, delusion and false imagining." It is said to be "naturally pure," but it appears impure as it is stained by adventitious defilements. Thus the Lankavatara Sutra identifies the luminous mind of the Canon with the tathagatagarbha. (Some Gelug philosophers, in contrast to teachings in the Lankavatara Sutra, maintain that the "purity" of the "tathagatagarbha" is not because it is originally or fundamentally pure, but because mental flaws can be removed — that is, like anything else, they are not part of an individual's fundamental essence. These thinkers thus refuse to turn epistemological insight about emptiness and Buddha-nature into an essentialist metaphysics.)
The Shurangama Sutra and the Lankavatara Sutra also equate the "tathagatagarbha" (and "alaya-vijnana") with nirvana, though this is concerned with the actual attainment of nirvana as opposed to nirvana as a timeless phenomenon.
Bodhicitta.
The Mahayana interprets the brightly shining "citta" as "bodhicitta", the altruistic "spirit of awakening." The Astasahasrika Perfection of Wisdom Sutra describes "bodhicitta" thus: "That citta is no citta since it is by nature brightly shining." This is in accord with Anguttara Nikaya I,10 which goes from a reference to brightly shining "citta" to saying that even the slightest development of loving-kindness is of great benefit. This implies that loving-kindness - and the related state of compassion - is inherent within the luminous mind as a basis for its further development. The observation that the ground state of consciousness is of the nature of loving-kindness implies that empathy is innate to consciousness and exists prior to the emergence of all active mental processes.

</doc>
<doc id="19152836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152836" title="Permanent Representative of Panama to the United Nations">
Permanent Representative of Panama to the United Nations

This is a list of Permanent Representatives of Panama to the United Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19152837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152837" title="Dhunkharka Bahrabise">
Dhunkharka Bahrabise

Dhunkharka Bahrabise is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4372 and had 747 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152841" title="The Best of Roberta Flack">
The Best of Roberta Flack

The Best of Roberta Flack is Roberta Flack's first compilation album, released in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19152845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152845" title="Dhuseni Siwalaya">
Dhuseni Siwalaya

Dhuseni Siwalaya is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2049 and had 379 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152850" title="Dolalghat">
Dolalghat

Dolaghat is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. 
Demographics.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1714 and had 323 houses in it.
Transport.
It is on Araniko Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19152859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152859" title="(180213) 2003 UM8">
(180213) 2003 UM8

(180213) 2003 UM8 is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 19, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152860" title="Team Waterpolo">
Team Waterpolo

Team Waterpolo were a British indie pop band who formed in Preston, England in July 2007. The "NME" made their debut single "Letting Go" its 'Single of the Week', and gave them a place on their New Noise Tour alongside Crystal Castles, Friendly Fires and White Lies. The band signed to Epic Records in August 2008, beating off competition from numerous other record labels, only to be dropped less than 18 months later.
The band consisted of Fred Davis on vocals, Nathan Standlee on guitar, Ruggero Lorenzini as DJ, and Lex Dunn on drums. "Letting Go", the first track written by the band, attracted the attention of Myspace, who made them their featured artist of the week. This exposure resulted in the band getting considerable industry interest before they had even played a gig, with several A&R representatives attending their debut live show in their native Preston. In February 2008 Team Waterpolo released the track as a single on Moshi Moshi Records, with "Problematic Girls" as a B-side, which was also included on a compilation released by CatCutter Records later that year.
Team Waterpolo have supported Joe Lean and the Jing Jang Jong, Black Kids, The Wombats and Supergrass. Their next single "So Called Summer" was recorded at the countryside studio used by Alex Turner for his Mercury shortlisted The Last Shadow Puppets, and was released on 27 October 2008. The band did a UK headline tour, which ended in their hometown.
The band also undertook another tour, playing venues such as Liverpool Barfly, being supported by Defend Moscow and Sampras. They were the winners of the Steve Lamacq Rebel Playlist in September 2008.
In May 2009 they released their new single "Room 44".
In October 2009 Team Waterpolo announced their break up as a band, after being dropped by Epic. The debut album they recorded while signed has yet to be released. Nathan has since moved back to his native USA while the other three members have begun writing songs for a new project called Kingdom.
References.
IN 2012 Fred Davis singer began his side project Boy Behind The Curtain

</doc>
<doc id="19152861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152861" title="Falate Bhumlu">
Falate Bhumlu

Falate Bhumlu is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1691 and had 315 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152867" title="Falametar">
Falametar

Falemetar is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3560 and had 568 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152868" title="(180216) 2003 UY9">
(180216) 2003 UY9

(180216) 2003 UY9 is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 20, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152872" title="Foksingtar">
Foksingtar

Foksingtar is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1938 and had 291 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152874" title="The Darkening Eye">
The Darkening Eye

The Darkening Eye is a Big Finish Productions audiobook based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". 
The Companion Chronicles "talking books" are each narrated by one of the Doctor's companions and feature a second, guest-star voice along with music and sound effects.
Plot.
Separated from the Doctor after an accident, Adric, Tegan and Nyssa are salvaged by an ancient race of collectors known as Dar Traders.

</doc>
<doc id="19152876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152876" title="(180537) 2004 EB1">
(180537) 2004 EB1

(180537) 2004 EB1 is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 14, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152877" title="Brian Rohrbough">
Brian Rohrbough

Brian Rohrbough (c. 1961) was the 2008 vice presidential candidate of America's Independent Party in the 2008 United States presidential election, running on the ticket with presidential candidate Alan Keyes.
Biography.
Early life.
Rohrbough was raised in Littleton, Colorado.
Career.
Rohrbough dropped out of high school at age 16 and later founded a car stereo business in Englewood, Colorado. His son, Daniel, was the second murder victim in the Columbine High School massacre in 1999, being wounded by Eric Harris, then fatally shot in the back by Dylan Klebold. This event profoundly affected Rohrbough's life. Afterward, he led efforts to examine the sociological reasons for this event, ultimately concluding that America's so-called "culture of death", specifically legalized abortion, and the removal of all vestiges of religion from public school classrooms, were root causes. Since then he has become involved in the anti-abortion movement, and served as president of Colorado Right to Life.
Today he is the president of the splinter anti-abortion group American Right to Life. This local Colorado organization is dedicated to prohibiting abortion. He has appeared on numerous local and national television programs across the country.
2008 vice presidential campaign.
In August 2008, America's Independent Party nominated Rohrbough to its first-ever presidential ticket. He was the running mate of Alan Keyes, a diplomat from Maryland who unsuccessfully sought the nominations of the Republican Party and Constitution Party before creating a new third party to run on. Like Keyes, Rohrbough is heavily conservative and believes strongly that ending abortion is of the most importance.
America's Independent Party was on the ballot in only two states: Florida, and Colorado. Keyes also appeared on the California ballot as the nominee of the American Independent Party, but with Wiley S. Drake, Sr., as the vice-presidential candidate.
Rohrbough and the America's Independent Party presidential ticket received a total of 47,694 votes nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19152879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152879" title="Robin Rhode">
Robin Rhode

Robin Rhode (b. Cape Town, 1976) is a South African artist based in Berlin, Germany. In 1998, he obtained a diploma in Fine Art from Technikon Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, followed by a postgraduate program at the South African School of Film, Television and Dramatic Art in Johannesburg.
Working predominantly with everyday material like charcoal, chalk and paint, Rhode started out creating performances that are based on his own drawings of objects that he interacts with. He expanded and refined this practice into creating photography sequences and digital animations. These works are characterized by an interdisciplinary approach that brings aspects of performance, happening, drawing, film and photography together. Rhode often returns to his native South Africa, creating work in the streets of Johannesburg and continuously registering the traces of poverty and social inequality. An outstanding characteristic of his works is his addressing of social concerns in a playful and productive manner, incorporating these issues into his practice without simplifying or judging them.
Artistic practice.
Reminiscent of practices of street culture, Rhode usually works in public spaces, using walls, public basketball courts or just the street as his “canvas”. His preferred materials are easily accessible ones like charcoal and paint. As a result, his works stand out through their simplicity and their formal clarity, emphasizing the idea over lavishness of production. Rhode transforms simple shapes into elements of narratives, interacting with only imagined presences. This narrative practice goes back to an initiation ritual at South African high schools – that Rhode himself experienced - where new students are forced to draw and interact with their drawing. Rhode’s reference to this event takes this social gesture further into a playful mode of *addressing cultural phenomena. Rhode’s stories often include a moment of conflict and possible failure. The black and white 26-panel photographic work "Juggla" for instance depicts a circus-like clown. Prodding at this form of popular entertainment, the faceless character is at the mercy of the wealthy, juggling or holding nothing. With "Juggla", Rhode references Minstrel Carnivals from the Caribbean and South Africa where troupes, made up of members from a particular neighborhood of the city, are assembled and each is expected to parade and perform for its local community in exchange for food and drink. Rhode also pays homage to the fervent utopian ideals of the Bauhaus, implicating Oscar Schlemmer’s seminal "Triadic Ballet" from the twenties, a performance experiment created in the Bauhaus studios in the absence of a theatre space, balancing “emotional impulses” with an agenda of political agitation. 
His drawings of objects like a bicycle, a motorbike, a car, or of abstract shapes and patterns are employed as physical elements in a story, often alluding to the act of creation itself as in "Promenade" (2008). 
Performances.
Rhode’s earlier practice was dominated by performances which took place first on the streets, later in museums and galleries. One of the most popular performances is Car Theft (2003, Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, MN) where Rhode appears as a hooded character in street clothes who first draws a car on the wall and then tries to break in, eventually throwing a stone at the drawn object; highlighting his signature method of attempting to playfully transform flat renderings of everyday objects into illusory three-dimensional ones through his physical interactions. Very much a provocateur and cultural subversive, he shares conceptual links with artists as varied as Marcel Duchamp, Man Ray, Jean-Michel Basquiat, David Hammons and the Russian constructivists. Yet, these "high art" associations do not negate his equally strong ties to popular cultural phenomena such as rappers Wu-Tang Clan, the Nike brand, graffiti art, and music-video director Hype Williams. Rhode is realizing his own personal vision of the world that surrounds him, using art as a means to approach and reflect it in an interdisciplinary practice that goes beyond established borders of genres and traditional ways to engage with art. In Skipping Rope (2005, Musée ďArt Moderne de la Ville de Paris/ARC) Rhode interacted with the audience, engaging them into playing with an imaginary rope. The spectators became participants, taking part in Rhode’s imagination that continuously seeks to reach beyond the boundaries of traditional artist-spectator roles.
Professional career.
Trajectory of exhibitions.
Rhode had his first solo exhibition at Perry Rubenstein Gallery in New York in 2004. In 2005, he was featured in the 51st Venice Biennale and New Photography at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. In 2007 he had a large-scale exhibition at the Haus der Kunst in Munich, curated by Stephanie Rosenthal accompanied by his first monograph Walk Off, published by Hatje Cantz. He had a second gallery exhibition in 2007 with the Perry Rubenstein Gallery (a large scale exhibition at all three gallery spaces). In September 2008 he had a solo show at both the Hayward Gallery and White Cube Gallery, London and participated in "Prospect.1" New Orleans, the New Orleans Biennale curated by Dan Cameron. In 2009, Robin Rhode collaborated with the Norwegian pianist Leif Ove Andsnes to build the stage design and visual accompaniment for Andsnes’ contemporary exploration of Modest Mussorgsky’s piano suite of “Pictures at an Exhibition” which premiered at Lincoln Center, New York City, in November 2009.
Works in public collections.
Rhode’s work is included in the collections of numerous international institutions, including The Museum of Modern Art (MOMA), New York; Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York; The Studio Museum in Harlem, New York; Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, Minnesota; the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, Smithsonian Institution, Washington DC; the Nasher Museum of Art at Duke University, Durham, NC; the Honart Museum Collection, Tehran; the Goetz Collection, Munich, Germany; Johannesburg Art Gallery, Johannesburg, South Africa; the collection of Frac Champagne-Ardenne, Reims ; the Centre Pompidou, Paris ; the Fonds national d'art contemporain (Puteaux) ; and the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19152880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152880" title="Gairi Bisouna Deupur">
Gairi Bisouna Deupur

Gairi Bisouna Deupur is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5205 and had 928 houses in it.
References.
It is tourist place.Here is also probability to grow raw materials to medicine called herbs.Once upon a time when a child was going to born his relatives dig floor and found god's head. Then they also found blood of god and then named this VDC DEVPUR. Dev means God and Pur means god is here under soil.It have five main temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19152883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152883" title="Ghartichhap">
Ghartichhap

Ghartichhap is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2095 and had 308 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152884" title="(180731) 2004 JW35">
(180731) 2004 JW35

180731 (2004 JW35) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on May 13, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152894" title="(181492) 2006 UU1">
(181492) 2006 UU1

181492 (2006 UU1) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 16, 2006 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152896" title="Gokule">
Gokule

Gokule is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3616 and had 604 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152899" title="(183309) 2002 VQ">
(183309) 2002 VQ

183309 (2002 VQ) is a Jupiter trojan discovered on November 2, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152900" title="Gothpani">
Gothpani

Gothpani is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2768 and had 486 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152906" title="Hokse Bazar">
Hokse Bazar

Hokse Bazar is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3706 and had 708 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152910" title="Robert Turner (composer)">
Robert Turner (composer)

Robert Comrie Turner (6 June 1920 – 26 January 2012) was a Canadian composer, radio producer, and music educator. He graduated with a bachelors degree in music from McGill University in 1943. While there he studied with Douglas Clarke and Claude Champagne. He continued his studies briefly at Colorado College in 1947, where he met his wife, percussionist Sara Scott. They married in 1949. In 1947, Turner transferred to Peabody College in Nashville, Tennessee, where he studied with Roy Harris. He graduated in 1950 with a Masters degree. During this time, Turner spent two summers studying with Herbert Howells and Gordon Jacob at the Royal College of Music and one summer at the Berkshire Music Center at Tanglewood studying with Olivier Messiaen. He returned to McGill University in 1951, graduating with a doctorate two years later. 
Turner worked as a CBC Vancouver music producer 1952-68, where his responsibilities included the broadcasts of the CBC Vancouver Chamber Orchestra. He taught at the University of British Columbia 1955-7, at Acadia University 1968-9, and at the University of Manitoba 1969-85. He was appointed professor emeritus at the University of Manitoba upon his retirement in 1985. Several of his students have gone on to have successful careers including Peter Allen, Pat Carrabré, Jim Hiscott, Diana McIntosh and Glenn Buhr.
Among his numerous works are two operas: "The Brideship" (1967) and "Vile Shadows" (1983). 
Turner died on 26 January 2012, in Winnipeg.
Robert Turner's family and friends published a memorial and archive website which includes tributes from students and colleagues, audio samples, a list of compositions, and an extensive bibliography. The website can be found at robert-turner.com

</doc>
<doc id="19152911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152911" title="(183501) 2003 FU4">
(183501) 2003 FU4

(183501) 2003 FU4 is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 25, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152915" title="Indreswor">
Indreswor

Indreswor is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3878 and had 659 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152920" title="(184064) 2004 GM">
(184064) 2004 GM

(184064) 2004 GM is a main-belt asteroid discovered on April 10, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152925" title="Jaisithok Mandan">
Jaisithok Mandan

Jaisithok Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2492 and had 458 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152927" title="Junillus">
Junillus

Junillus Africanus ("floruit" 541–549) was Quaestor of the Sacred Palace ("quaestor sacri palatii") in the court of the Byzantine Emperor Justinian I. He is best known for his work on biblical exegesis, "Instituta regularia divinae legis". According to M.L.W. Laistner, Junillus' work was based on the writings of one of the teachers of the School of Nisibis, Paul the Persian, and because Paul had been influenced by the writings of Theodore of Mopsuestia, Junillus' "Instituta" helped make Western theologians familiar with the Antiochene school of exegesis.
Susan Stevens identifies Junillus with a kinsman of the aristocrat Venantia who had the same name; she was a correspondent of Fulgentius of Ruspe, and possibly a member of the "gens" Decii.

</doc>
<doc id="19152932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152932" title="185641 Judd">
185641 Judd

185641 Judd (2008 EH69) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 5, 2008 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152939" title="(186728) 2004 CH2">
(186728) 2004 CH2

(186728) 2004 CH2 is a main-belt asteroid discovered on February 12, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19152940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152940" title="The Prisoner's Dilemma">
The Prisoner's Dilemma

"The Prisoner's Dilemma" is a Big Finish Productions audiobook based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". 
The Companion Chronicles "talking books" are each narrated by one of the Doctor's companions and feature a second, guest-star voice along with music and sound effects.
Plot.
Without the Doctor's direct assistance, Ace has a mission on the peaceful world of Erratoon, where she meets a newly created woman named Zara.
Critical reception.
Writing for "Sci-Fi Bulletin", Paul Simpson gave it 7/10, noting that the play did not stand alone outside of the other "Key 2 Time" stories. Richard McGinlay, of sci-fi online, also gave it a 7/10, but disagreed regarding the other point, saying that it could be listened to first.

</doc>
<doc id="19152945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152945" title="Jyamdi Mandan">
Jyamdi Mandan

Jyamdi Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4467 and had 848 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19152949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152949" title="I'm the One (Roberta Flack album)">
I'm the One (Roberta Flack album)

"I'm the One" is an album by Roberta Flack released in May 1982 which reached #59 on the album chart in "Billboard" whose R&B album chart afforded the album a #16 peak.
The Burt Bacharach/Carole Bayer Sager-produced "Making Love", which appeared in the film of the same name and in the spring of 1982 had afforded Flack her final solo Top 40 hit (#13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100), was included on the "I'm the One" album along with eight new tracks co-produced by William Eaton, Ralph MacDonald, William Salter and Flack herself. 
The track "I'm the One" given parallel single release with the album peaked at #42 on the Hot 100 where it marked Flack's final solo appearance although she'd return to the Hot 100 in 1983 with the duets "Tonight, I Celebrate My Love" (#16) and "You're Looking Like Love to Me" (#58) (both with Peabo Bryson) and again in 1991 with "Set the Night to Music" (with Maxi Priest/ #6). 
A third single from the "I'm the One" album: "In the Name of Love", reached #24 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19152974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152974" title="Jin Yilian">
Jin Yilian

Jin Yilian (; born September, 1929) is a Chinese computer scientist, and a pioneer of Chinese super-computation field. 
Jin was born in Tianjin, and his ancestral hometown was Changzhou, Jiangsu. He graduated from the department of electrical engineering of Tsinghua University in 1951. From 1956 to 1958, he studied electronic computer science at the Institute of Fine Mechanics and Computation Technology of Soviet Union Academy of Sciences. Jin was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering in 1994. 
In 2002, Jin was the recipient of the prestigious State Preeminent Science and Technology Award, the highest scientific prize awarded in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19152981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19152981" title="Varli">
Varli

Varli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19153001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153001" title="Capital allowance">
Capital allowance

A Capital allowance refers to sums of money a UK business can deduct from the overall corporate or income tax on its profits. These sums derive from certain purchases or investments, outlined in the Capital Allowances Act 2001. 
Capital allowances may be claimed for:
Plant and machinery is claimed on the second fix (all the work after plastering to the finished building).
Where a capital allowances claim has been made on a property a new purchaser can only make another claim valuing the plant and machinery at the same rate as claimed previously. Further claims can be made on a property where it is extended or re-developed but only on those new elements of plant and machinery introduced to the building. 
The amount of the allowance depends on what is claimed for. In some cases, the rates are different in the year a business entity make the purchase from those in subsequent years.
A business operator cannot claim capital allowances for things bought or sold: these are claimed as business expenses. If a business asset is bought on a hire purchase basis, the original cost of the item can be claimed as a capital allowance, but the interest and other charges count as business expenses.
Writing down allowance, in United Kingdom taxation, is the annual rate at which capital allowances can be claimed. This rate is reduced or extended if the chargeable period is shorter or longer than one year.
The writing down allowance is the rate which applies in the absence of initial or first year allowances. The rate applies on a straight line basis for industrial buildings, hotels, agricultural and forestry buildings and works. A reducing balance basis is used for all other assets.
Total writing down allowances may not exceed the balance of expenditure after deducting initial or first year allowances.
The writing down allowance (WDA) is 10% for the main pool (this excludes cars, and capital covered by either first year allowance of annual investment allowance, AIA).
Although the WDA can be extended (time apportioned) to reflect the financial period in which a company is trading, this does not occur for the First year allowance, which is fixed regardless of the length of the financial period.
Technical considerations.
Capital allowance reliefs can be set against the client’s taxable profits reducing the amount payable. Companies pay Corporation Tax at 20% or 26% (2011-12 figure), whilst individuals pay tax at 20%, 40% or 50%. Please note as it is an allowance against taxable profit, you have to be a tax payer to benefit, therefore this does not normally apply to property owned in SIPPS or by charities and trusts. 
Allowances are generated when a business client builds or acquires commercial property. The amount of plant contained within the building or acquired property is the key to maximising the relief.
The claim should be considered as an effective discount and cash contribution to the construction cost or purchase price. The claim provides a tax saving that accrues over time. It is possible to claim allowances on investment properties but plant let in a “dwelling house” is excluded. Blocks of flats, halls of residence etc. will therefore qualify.
For property that is being acquired, the specialist can apportion the purchase price under a recognised HMRC formula, and this is where the inherent property skill can maximise the claim with optimal costing of the plant contained within the property

</doc>
<doc id="19153003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153003" title="Greatest Hits (Roberta Flack album)">
Greatest Hits (Roberta Flack album)

Capitalizing on Roberta Flack's comeback success with the hit duet, "Tonight I Celebrate My Love," K-tel Records released Greatest Hits in 1984. It contained the 1983 duet with Peabo Bryson as well as some of her best-known songs from the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19153004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153004" title="Stuff Happens (TV series)">
Stuff Happens (TV series)

Stuff Happens was a 2008 television show starring Bill Nye airing on Planet Green. The show discusses how everyday activities can have a negative impact on the environment and encourages viewers to make choices that are less harmful to the environment.
Premise.
In each episode, Bill Nye explains how our everyday activities affect the environment. Every episode focuses on a different aspect of life including breakfast, lunch, dinner, adult activities in the bedroom, and the office.

</doc>
<doc id="19153018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153018" title="Vasha">
Vasha

Vasha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19153022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153022" title="Randolph family">
Randolph family

Randolph family may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19153034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153034" title="Gabriel Mangabeira">
Gabriel Mangabeira

Gabriel Semain Vasconcellos Mangabeira (born January 31, 1982) is a Brazilian competition swimmer who qualified for the men's 100-metre butterfly at both the 2004 Summer Olympics and 2008 Summer Olympics. Mangabeira also won a silver medal in the men's 100-metre butterfly at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Early years.
Mangabeira was born in Rio de Janeiro in 1982.
College career.
Mangabeira attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he swam for coach Gregg Troy's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2001 to 2004. As a Gator swimmer, he received eighteen All-American honors. Mangabeira graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in food and resource economics in 2004.
International career.
He started swimming at the instigation of his grandfather, who was a swimming teacher, at two years old. Tried judo at 10 years old, but left due to his mother. His first club was the Canto do Rio in Niterói. At age 13, he moved to Fluminense. Three years later, he moved to Vasco, where he stayed until 2000.
He participated at the 1999 Pan American Games, in Winnipeg, where he finished 11th in the 100-metre butterfly, and 11th in the 200-metre individual medley.
Mangabeira was at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, where he finished 37th in the 100-metre butterfly.
Before the 2004 Olympics, came to the United States, where he was trained by the olympic champion Anthony Nesty.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics, Mangabeira made it to the finals of 100-metre butterfly where he finished in sixth place, beating the South American record, and swimming alongside big names like Ian Crocker and Michael Phelps.
Semifinalist at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal, in the 100-metre butterfly, where he got the 13th place and in the 50-metre backstroke (16th) 
He was at the 2006 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Shanghai, where he finished 19th in the 100-metre butterfly, 20th in the 50-metre backstroke and 9th in the 4×100-metre medley.
Mangabeira swam at the 2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, where he finished 5th in the 100-metre butterfly and 7th in the 4×100-metre medley.
Mangabeira also qualified to compete in the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in the 100-metre butterfly and 50-metre backstroke, but did not make it past the initial heats. He ranked 17th in the 100-metre butterfly and 9th in the 4×100-metre medley helping Brazilian relay to qualify for the 2008 Olympics.
At the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, he won the silver medal in the 100-metre butterfly, and also helped the Brazilian 4×100-metre medley relay in heats, winning the silver medal in this event.
Mangabeira returned to the Olympics in 2008 to compete in the 100-metre butterfly, but did not advance beyond the first heats. He finished 23rd.
In 2009, Mangabeira competed in the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in the 100-metre butterfly and 4×100-metre medley relay, and reached the finals in both events, finishing eighth in the individual race and fourth in the relay, which he swam with Guilherme Guido (backstroke), Henrique Barbosa (breaststroke) and César Cielo Filho (freestyle). He swam the butterfly leg for the Brazilian medley relay team, in a spectacular race where the first 4 relays beat the U.S. world record from Beijing 2008.
At the 2010 South American Games, in Medellín, Mangabeira won a gold medal in the 4×100-metre medley.
He was at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine, where he finished 4th in the 4×100-metre medley, 15th in the 100-metre butterfly, and 15th in the 100-metre backstroke.
At the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Mangabeira won gold in the 4×100-metre medley and in the 4×100-metre freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="19153040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153040" title="Zyrion Traverse">
Zyrion Traverse

Zyrion is a company that markets network management software called Traverse using the phrase business service management (BSM). 
The company claims BSM is included in the Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) which is a set of frameworks and concepts that describe best practices for information technology infrastructure management and operations.
The technology allows linking applications and underlying infrastructure to services such as ordering and payroll. Purchased by Kaseya, July 09, 2013.
Solution Overview.
Zyrion Traverse provides application, server and network management capabilities that include integrated fault and performance monitoring. 
Some features of Zyrion Traverse include:
Company Background.
Zyrion (pronounced "zeye-ree-on"), was spun out of NetScout Systems by the core team of Fidelia Technology (acquired by Network General Corporation in 2006, which in turn was purchased by NetScout). The founders claim to have been active on the Internet since the National Science Foundation Network and the author of NOCOL/SNIPS, an early open source network monitoring package.

</doc>
<doc id="19153041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153041" title="Oasis (Roberta Flack album)">
Oasis (Roberta Flack album)

Oasis was Roberta Flack's first solo album of newly recorded songs since 1982's "I'm the One". It was released in 1988 and features the number-one U.S. singles, "Oasis" (R&B), and "Uh-uh Ooh-ooh Look Out (Here It Comes)" (Dance/Club Play).

</doc>
<doc id="19153081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153081" title="AEi Systems">
AEi Systems

AEi Systems is a United States space and power electronics engineering firm headquartered in Henderson, Nevada with engineers in several cities, including a significant engineering center in Los Angeles, California.
AEi Systems is most well known for its analysis and design of space-bound and other industrial power supplies and power systems—especially those that must operate reliably under extreme conditions (such as radiation, magnetic fields, heat, and the like) and yet also keep within size and weight limitations.
AEi Systems is the world leader in Worst Case Circuit Analysis (WCCA) and failure and reliability analysis for space-bound DC-DC converters.
The company has more recently become known as a designer and supplier of highly specialized radiation-hardened power supplies and related power system circuitry.
History.
The company's predecessor, Analytical Engineering, Inc., was founded in 1995. The company met with significant early success as the developer of simulation models and performed worst case circuit analysis on International Space Station's power buss electronics. A series of satellite projects continued to keep founder Steve Sandler and Analytical Engineering busy, including Tempo, Globalstar, Goes, GPS, MCI Omegasat and P-81. Analytical Engineering provided computer simulation models and worst case circuit analysis on most projects.
In 2002, with the idea of expanding the business and the management team, the businesses of Analytical Engineering, Inc. in Arizona, and a related company, Analytical Services, Inc. in New York, were combined and purchased by AEi Systems, LLC and moved to Los Angeles in transactions spearheaded by Charles Hymowitz (an electrical engineer formerly of McDonnell Douglas and Intusoft) and his business partner, Lee Weinberg.
Since 2002, AEi Systems has continued its growth in Worst Case Circuit Analysis (WCCA) and failure and reliability analysis for space-bound DC-DC converters. In addition, the company has expanded its digital analysis capabilities, including signal integrity, and also become known as a designer and supplier of highly specialized radiation-hardened power supplies and related power system circuitry.
AEi Systems subjects.
Divisions/Organization.
The company has four, inter-related business lines:
Defense and Aerospace Projects.
AEi Systems has been involved in the development and analysis of some of the most sophisticated and technically challenging power systems in the world, both in the space and defense arena and also with respect to commercial and industrial applications. The company has provided computer simulation models and worst case circuit analysis on most projects. Among the company's publicly known projects are:
Commercial and Scientific Projects.
AEi Systems' power supply analysis and design expertise has also been sought for commercial and industrial projects not involving space or defense. For example, AEi Systems worked on:
SPICE Modeling.
AEi Systems provides SPICE models to many major IC manufacturers, including Texas Instruments, ON Semiconductor and National Semiconductor.
Since 2005, this business unit has produced and distributed the Power IC Model Library for PSpice, which is distributed by Cadence's sole North American distributor (EMA-EDA) in the United States and Canada, and by other major distributors in Asia and Europe.
WCCA Training and Support.
The company developed and taught the "six sigma" WCCA training class for Motorola University, and continues to teach WCCA techniques via on-site classes for customers as well as several LA-based workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="19153125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153125" title="Evan Thomas (priest)">
Evan Thomas (priest)

Evan Lorimer Thomas (21 February 1872 – 9 April 1953) was a Welsh clergyman and Professor of Welsh at St David's College, Lampeter (which later became the University of Wales, Lampeter) from 1903 to 1915.
Thomas was the son of a vicar from Caernarvonshire. He was educated at Westminster School and Jesus College, Oxford where he matriculated in 1891 and was a scholar. He trained for ordination in Leeds, and was a curate in Bangor, Wrexham, Cuddesdon and Colwyn Bay in succession between 1897 and 1903. In 1903, he became Professor of Welsh at St David's College, Lampeter, where his actions to strengthen the Welsh language included reviving the honours degree course in Welsh, holding a Welsh Bible class, and establishing a Welsh library and Welsh-speaking society. In 1915, he became vicar of Holywell and in 1922 moved to become vicar of Tywyn near Abergele before he was appointed Archdeacon of Montgomery and vicar of Llansantffraid-ym-Mechain in 1938. He wrote in Welsh on the Gospel of St Luke and 1 Corinthians. He died in 1953 and was buried in Holyhead.

</doc>
<doc id="19153148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153148" title="Buffalo Trace Park">
Buffalo Trace Park

Buffalo Trace Park is a public park preserve in northern Harrison County, Indiana near the town of Palmyra, Indiana. The park is along the edge of the old Buffalo Trace, a historic bison migration trail that was later converted into a road. In 1971, the man-made Lake Coleman was added to the park and stocked with fish, and is maintained by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources. The park's amenities include public camping, fishing, a public beach, petting zoo, walking paths, playgrounds, boating, and ball courts. The park is owned by Harrison County and managed by the Harrison County Park and Recreation Department.

</doc>
<doc id="19153156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153156" title="Alexander W. Reynolds">
Alexander W. Reynolds

Alexander Welch Reynolds (April 1816 or August 1817–May 26, 1876) was a career United States Army officer who served in the Mexican-American War and a Confederate Army brigadier general during the American Civil War, primarily fighting in the Western Theater. After the conflict he served as a staff officer in the Egyptian Army.
Early life and career.
Alexander W. Reynolds was born in either 1816 or 1817 in Frederick County, Virginia. He entered the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1833, and graduated five years later, standing 35th out of 45 cadets. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 1st U.S. Infantry on July 1, 1838. Reynolds was promoted to first lieutenant on June 11, 1839, and was the 1st's Regimental Adjutant from October 19 to March 1, 1840.
During the Mexican–American War, Reynolds was a captain in the U.S. Army, serving as the Army's assistant Quartermaster beginning August 4, 1847. He was at this rank on March 15, 1848, when he vacated his line commission. Reynolds was dismissed from the U.S. Army on October 8, 1855, following the disappearance of $126,307 USD from Reynolds' office. When the funds were later accounted for, he was restored to his previous rank of captain as of March 29, 1858.
Civil War service.
During the American Civil War, Reynolds chose to follow his home state and the Confederate cause. He went AWOL from the U.S. Army and entered the Confederate States Army in 1861. He was appointed a captain in the Confederate Infantry on March 16, 1861 and promoted to colonel of the 50th Virginia Infantry on July 10, 1861. His soldiers called him "Old Gauley."
Reynolds first served under Brigadier General John B. Floyd in western Virginia. In March 1862, Reynolds was sent to the Western Theater. He joined Edmund Kirby Smith's command in the Army of Kentucky throughout the rest of 1861 and most of 1862. After the Kentucky Campaign failed in its object, Smith's army joined General Braxton Bragg's Army of Tennessee in a reorganization of Confederate forces in the Western Theater. On December 16, 1862, Confederate President Jefferson Davis ordered the transfer of Major General Carter L. Stevenson's division to Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton's army. Reynolds utilized the political connections of his brother-in-law, Virginia Delegate Mason Mathews, to lobby for his promotion to general officer with Secretary of War James Seddon. General Reynolds, commanding a brigade in Stevenson's division, went with his troops to Vicksburg.
Vicksburg.
Unlike the other three brigades of Stevenson's division, Reynolds' brigade suffered only lightly at the Battle of Champion's Hill. During the Siege of Vicksburg his brigade held a portion of the southern-most sector near the "Salient Work". His brigade lost 14 killed, 25 wounded, and 14 missing during the siege. Reynolds' brigade was part of the garrison that surrendered on July 4, 1863. Reynolds was taken prisoner.
Chattanooga.
Reynolds was exchanged on October 13, 1863, and promoted to brigadier general to rank from September 14, 1863. Reynolds led a brigade in Maj. Gen. Simon Bolivar Buckner's division during the Chattanooga Campaign. After Confederate President Davis ordered Lt. Gen. James Longstreet to recapture Knoxville, Tennessee, Buckner's division was sent as a reinforcement. When the Union army attacked Bragg on 23 November, Reynolds' brigade was still waiting to board the trains that would take them to Knoxville. Detached from its parent division, Bragg sent it into the fight.
In the Battle of Missionary Ridge, Bragg and corps commander John C. Breckinridge probably committed a serious tactical blunder in placing the troops of Reynolds and other brigades in a first line of breastworks at the base of the ridge. In case of a Federal attack, the two generals intended for Reynolds' men to fire a single volley and fall back to a position on the crest where a gap was deliberately left. To compound the error, Bragg ordered Reynolds to move his brigade back to the top of the ridge early in the afternoon. Coincidentally, his men began pulling back just as the main Union attack began. This encouraged the attacking Federals and demoralized nearby Confederate troops in the first line. Reynolds' troops were winded by the time they reached their empty position on the crest. When Union soldiers broke through the next brigade to the north, his exhausted men put up a brief resistance before retreating.
Atlanta.
Reynolds continued in brigade command in the Army of Tennessee during the Atlanta Campaign of 1864. He served in Stevenson's division of Lt. Gen. John Bell Hood's Corps. He fought at the battles of Rocky Face Ridge, Resaca, and Adairsville before being wounded in the Battle of New Hope Church on May 27. Upon recovery from his wounds, Reynolds was appointed assistant Inspector General of the District of Georgia in 1865 until the end of the war. He was paroled at Athens, Georgia, on May 8.
Postbellum.
Reynolds entered the service of Egypt in 1869 as a colonel in the Egyptian Army. Egyptian chief of staff, Charles Pomeroy Stone assigned Reynolds to serve as Quartermaster, Commissary officer, and paymaster general. He and his wife (whom he referred to as duchess), and his son Frank, and Frank's wife and son took up residence in Alexandria, Egypt. They became friends with a small circle of American expatriates that included Stone, William W. Loring, and Raleigh E. Colston.
Tragedy struck the Reynolds family in 1875. The previous year Frank Reynolds had returned to the United States with his wife and son to buy Remington rifles for the Egyptian government. In 1875, Frank became sick and died in Ilion, New York. After this, Mrs. Reynolds returned to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where she soon died. At this time, Reynolds lost his support group of expatriates when most of the American officers left for the war against Ethiopia. With his pay from the Egyptian government in arrears and owing his creditors money, he was forced to move into a seedy boarding house. He died in bed there on May 26, 1876. According to gossip, alcoholism was a contributing factor.
The exact whereabouts of Alexander W. Reynolds's remains are not known; they could be in an unmarked grave in Alexandria or in the Patton Tomb located in Lewisburg, West Virginia, at the Old Stone Presbyterian Churchyard. In Reynolds's memory a cenotaph was erected in St. James the Less Cemetery located in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="19153166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153166" title="Set the Night to Music">
Set the Night to Music

Set the Night to Music is an album released by Roberta Flack in 1991 on Atlantic Records. The title track, written by Diane Warren and originally the 11th track of Starship's 1987 album No Protection, was remade as a duet with Maxi Priest and reached number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 2 on the Hot Adult Contemporary chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19153174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153174" title="Musculoskeletal physiology">
Musculoskeletal physiology

Musculoskeletal physiology is the branch of physiology which addresses the processes of musculoskeletal system.
In subclassifying musculoskeletal physiology, MeSH emphasizes the division between "phenomena" and "processes". It is also possible to emphasize the division between processes primarily affecting bone, and those primarily affecting muscle. 

</doc>
<doc id="19153230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153230" title="Born to Love">
Born to Love

Born to Love is a studio album of duets between Peabo Bryson and Roberta Flack. It contains the top-ten R&B hit "Tonight, I Celebrate My Love", written by Gerry Goffin and Michael Masser.

</doc>
<doc id="19153256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153256" title="An April Shroud">
An April Shroud

An April Shroud is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the fourth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.
The novel is mainly Dalziel's, as Peter and Ellie Pascoe marry and go on honeymoon. Taking leave himself, Dalziel stumbles across a case of embezzlement and murder, which he solves with Pascoe's last minute assistance in the closing chapters.

</doc>
<doc id="19153298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153298" title="Skin physiology">
Skin physiology

Skin physiology is the subdivision of physiology which concerns the function of the skin and skin appendages.
Examples of processes included in skin physiology are galvanic skin response and perspiration.

</doc>
<doc id="19153301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153301" title="Jocko Fields">
Jocko Fields

John Joseph "Jocko" Fields is a former Major League Baseball player. He was born on October 20, 1864 in Cork, Ireland. Jocko made his Major League debut on May 31, 1887. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Pittsburgh Burghers, Philadelphia Phillies and New York Giants. Fields played 341 games in the majors, with 358 hits in 1,319 at bats. He had a lifetime average of .271. He had 12 home runs and 176 RBI. Fields died on October 14, 1950 in Jersey City, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19153303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153303" title="A Pinch of Snuff">
A Pinch of Snuff

A Pinch of Snuff is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the fifth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.
Plot summary.
Receiving a tip from his dentist Jack Shorter, Inspector Peter Pascoe takes a closer look at the Calliope Kinema Club, a film club notorious for showing adult entertainment movies. Shorter is convinced that one particular scene in a movie he recently saw was too realistic to have been staged with fake blood, but when Pascoe starts investigating, he soon comes across the actress in question, Linda Abbott, who obviously didn't suffer from any harm and assures Pascoe that his and Shorter's concerns are unnecessary. Meanwhile, the "Calli" has been vandalised and its proprietor Gilbert Haggard has been assaulted so badly that he succumbs to a heart attack. The only existing copy of "Droit de Seigneur" - the film Jack Shorter was so worried about - has been destroyed, and when 13-year-old Sandra Burkill accuses the dentist of being the father of her (yet unborn) child, it begins to look as if Shorter had merely tried to avert suspicions by his claims against the "Calli".
Television Adaptation.
The novel was adapted for television in 1994 and starred Gareth Hale as Dalziel and Norman Pace as Pascoe. It was shown on the ITV network in three parts over consecutive Saturdays beginning on 9 April. However, Reginald Hill is said to have been unhappy with the series and it subsequently remains the only one to star Hale and Pace in the leading roles. Dalziel and Pascoe was later picked up by the BBC where it enjoyed greater success. Since 1996, 11 series of Dalziel and Pascoe starring Warren Clarke and Colin Buchanan have been made up to 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19153360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153360" title="Camp Men-O-Lan">
Camp Men-O-Lan

Camp Men-O-Lan is the oldest continuously operating Mennonite camp in North America, and located in Quakertown, PA. Camp Men-O-Lan is a member of the Mennonite Camping Association and the Christian Camp and Conference Association.
History.
Camp Men-O-Lan was established in 1941 by the Eastern District Conference of the General Conference Mennonite Church. The camp name is a combination of Mennonite and Landis, the name of the denomination and the last name of the donor of the original property for the camp, J. Walter Landis. The camp is located on in Upper Bucks County, PA. Open year round, camp facilities include 11 cabins housing up to 16 campers each, a dormitory, swimming pool, lake, paddle boats and canoes, challenge course, disc golf course, water slide, gymnasium, and an environmentally planned trail system.
Summer Programs.
Camp Men-O-Lan offers many different programs during the summer camp season.
Allowing kids from all walks of life to grow spiritually.
Residential Camp.
Camp Men-O-Lan offers full-week (Sunday to Friday) summer camp programs for campers going into 4th to 12th grades. There are 6 different weeks of camp based on campers ages. Residential camp activities include Water Slide, Bible Study, Music, Fishing, Crafts, Climbing Tower, Obstacle Course, Swimming, Soccer, Skit Night, Volleyball, Fellowship, Boating, Basketball, Archery, Campfires and more.
Day Camp.
Camp Men-O-Lan offers seven one-week sessions of day camp for 1st – 6th graders. Each week includes activities similar to those in Residential camp such as group games, swimming, the Slippy Slide, boating, fishing, singing, Bible stories, and more. Older campers also get to do target sports, the Climbing Tower, and the Giant Swing.Each week of day camp has a unique theme, and part of the activities include theme-based activities. Past themes include Lovin’ Nature, K’NEX building, Christmas in July, Adventure Week, Wet ‘n Wild Week, and Holiday Week.
Wilderness Camps.
Camp Men-O-Lan recently added a Wilderness Camp area to the campus which is used for three-day long rustic camping in the summer. Wilderness camp involves outdoor cooking, hiking, target sports, canoeing, and Challenge course activities. Sometimes special wilderness camp activities are offered in the fall and spring.
Facilitles.
Cabins.
Camp Men-O-Lan has Six winterized one-room cabins and Five classic screen-sided cabins for warm weather use. Each cabin has bunk-beds for up to 16 people.
Harv-Ella.
HARV- ELLA (HE) is a winterized cabin located in the West Campus cabin Section. Harv-Ella was named after Harvey and Ella Bauman, missionaries to India.
Bethel Pines.
BETHEL PINES (BP) is a winterized cabin located in the West Campus cabin Section. Bethel Pines was named by East Swamp Church.
Hollich Haven.
HOLLICH HAVEN (HH) is a screen-sided cabin located in the West Campus cabin Section.
Kum-Inn.
KUM-INN (KI) is a screen-sided cabin located in the West Campus cabin Section. Kum-Inn was named after Harvey S. Kummery by Allentown S.S. Kum-Inn is the oldest cabin in the West Campus cabin Section.
Good Pine.
GOOD PINE (GP) is a winterized cabin located in the West Campus cabin Section. Good Pine was named Reverend Douglas L. Good by Pine Grove Church
Jubilee.
JUBILEE (JU) is a winterized cabin located in the East Campus cabin Section.
Grace Cabin.
GRACE CABIN (GR) is a screen-sided cabin located in the East Campus cabin Section.
Sam-Meta.
SAM-META (SM) is a screen-sided cabin located in the East Campus cabin Section.
George-Ella.
GEORGE-ELLA (GE) is a winterized cabin located in the East Campus cabin Section.
Eden.
EDEN (ED) is a screen-sided cabin located in the East Campus cabin Section.
Lou-Hagen.
LOU-HAGEN (LH) is a winterized cabin located in the East Campus cabin Section.
Wilhelmina.
Wilhelmina is a meeting room in the East Campus Cabin Section. It has a fireplace and efficiency kitchen. Wilhelmina was originally a cabin, the first built on the camp property.
Landis Hall.
Landis Hall is a large building named after J. Walter Landis containing two dormitory rooms, a gymnasium a kitchen and a meeting areawith a fireplace.
Auditorium.
The Auditorium is a large meeting area with a stage, fireplace and a kitchen.
Dining Hall.
The Dining Hall can handle meals for groups with a large eating area and commercial kitchen.
Missionary Cottage.
The Missionary Cabin is a Cabin duplex with shared bath.
Campground.
Camp Men-O-Lan had a campground with more than 15 campsites offering water, electric and free firewood for campers.
Recreation Facilities.
Recreational facilities at Camp Men-O-Lan include outdoor sand volleyball and basketball courts, obstacle course, ball fields, nature trails, "rock hop" trail, campfire sites, playgrounds, swimming pool and water slide. There is a lake offering fishing, paddle boats and canoes. There is challenge course with both high- and low-elements, a zip line, a climbing and rappelling tower, and a Giant Swing.

</doc>
<doc id="19153374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153374" title="John Logan (poet)">
John Logan (poet)

John B. Logan (born 1923, Red Oak, Iowa - died November 6, 1987, San Francisco, California) was an American poet and teacher.
Logan was born in Red Oak, Iowa. He earned a bachelor's degree from Coe College, his master's degree from the Iowa University, and did graduate work at Georgetown University and the University of Notre Dame in philosophy.
He authored over 14 books of poetry and essays including "Spring of the Thief" (1963) and "Only the Dreamer Can Change the Dream", which won the Lenore Marshall Poetry Prize in 1982. The poet Hayden Carruth has written that Logan was responsible for "creating a new lyricism" through his poetry. 
Logan taught at many colleges and universities including Saint John's College in Annapolis, University of Notre Dame, Saint Mary's College in California, and, finally at the State University of New York, Buffalo. His many students include the poets Marvin Bell and Bill Knott.
He was the poetry editor for "The Nation" and "Critic". He also founded and co-edited "Choice". 
Logan died on November 6, 1987, in San Francisco, CA. 
Reviews.
FEW of the American poets now in their 50's have placed the personal, the psychological, as squarely at the center of their work as the preceding generation, that of Lowell and Berryman, did. John Logan -three decades of whose work are brought together in these two books - is one of the few.

</doc>
<doc id="19153394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153394" title="Power Memorial Academy">
Power Memorial Academy

Power Memorial Academy (PMA) was an all-boys Catholic high school in New York City that operated from 1931 through 1984. It was a basketball powerhouse, producing several NBA players including Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Len Elmore, Mario Elie, Chris Mullin, NBA referee Dick Bavetta and a record 71-game winning streak. Its 1964 basketball team was named "The #1 High School Team of The Century".
History.
Founding.
Around 1900, Monsignor James W. Power, pastor of All Saints Parish in Harlem, asked the Christian Brothers of Ireland (now the Congregation of Christian Brothers) to come to the United States and open a school to teach the boys of the largely Irish immigrant parish. The Brothers accepted the invitation and began to teach in the parochial school. In 1909 they also opened the All Hallows Collegiate Institute, located in four rowhouses at 15 West 124th Street, which was both a high school and a business college. Enrollment grew and a new building was acquired to accommodate a larger student body at 164th Street and Walton Avenue in the Bronx, to which the high school moved in 1929.
At the request of the Archdiocese of New York, the Christian Brothers re-occupied the former site of All Hallows and opened a new school, named Power Memorial Academy after Monsignor Power, who had died in 1926. The new school opened with an enrollment of 31 freshmen on September 21, 1931. Again the school grew, requiring more space. In 1938, the Brothers purchased the former New York Nursery & Child's Hospital at 161 West 61st Street and opened a new school there. The school remained at this address until it closed.
A student murdered.
On March 15, 1948, Marko L. Markovich opened fire on students practicing for the St. Patrick's Day parade, killing one, Thomas Brady, and wounding six others. "Mad gunman kills boy here, wounds six before capture" read the front page headline on the "New York Times". In memoriam, the academy marched in the parade without music, their flags and drums wrapped in black. The parade was attended by President Harry S. Truman and Governor Thomas E. Dewey.
Closing.
By the early 1980s, the school building was judged to have deteriorated to such an extant that the Brothers were unable to afford the necessary repairs. In June 1984, Power Memorial Academy closed its doors. The property was sold the following year for $13 million. The building was demolished and a luxury apartment building was built on the site.
Athletics.
Basketball powerhouse.
Power Memorial started a basketball program in the late 1930s, winning All-City championships in 1937 and 1941; and the Metropolitan Championship in 1942. Over its history, it won a total of eight New York City Catholic High School Athletic Association (CHSAA) championships.
In 1961 freshman Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor (later Kareem Abdul-Jabbar) joined the basketball team. Alcindor led the team to 27 consecutive victories and the 1963 CHSAA championship. The winning streak continued as the team went undefeated and won the CHSAA in 1964. The streak finally ended at 71 games on January 30, 1965 when DeMatha High School of Hyattsville, Maryland defeated Power, 46-43. That was one of only 6 losses in Alcindor's high school career (96–6). The 1963-64 team was named "The #1 High School Team of The Century" by National Sports Writers and was inducted into the CHSAA Hall of Fame as the team of the century.
Power Memorial continued to be known as a basketball powerhouse, although it never repeated the total dominance of the early 1960s. All-Americans Len Elmore, Ed Searcy and Jap Trimble were on the 1970 team that won the CHSAA and was named "Number 1 Team in the Country". Mario Elie played and Chris Mullin also played at Power in the late 1970s, although Mullin later transferred to Xaverian High School.
The Power Memorial basketball teams were coached by:
Baseball.
Three PMA players were drafted by major league teams:
Alumni Association.
In 1989, former faculty member Rich Coppolino organized a reunion, attended by 200. It has grown into a larger Annual Reunion. In 2002 a formal alumni association was created under the name Power Memorial Academy Alumni Association. Each year since 2002, the Alumni Association has made an annual appearance in the New York St. Patrick's Day parade. The Association has won seven consecutive awards for its performance in the Parade.
Notable alumni.
Several alumni died in the events of the September 11 attacks:

</doc>
<doc id="19153425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153425" title="Prospect Heights Historic District">
Prospect Heights Historic District

Prospect Heights Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19153433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153433" title="Mavrochori">
Mavrochori

Mavrochori () meaning "black town"; formerly "Mavrobon", Μαύροβον; ) is a village in Greece near Kastoria on the shores of Kastoria lake which was in existence at least from 1380 and is denoted, under the name "Mavrobo", in the British Baldwin & Craddock Map of Greece which was published on 1 January 1830 (printed by a printer at 47 Paternoster Row, London).
The name "Mavros", together with the name "Krepeni", is found in a title deed executed by Serbian nobleman Nikola Bagaš.
History.
In the end of the 18th century the patriarch of the Mavrovitis family moved his people from the nearby Krepeni village to Mavrovo in order to avoid a plague pandemic, and it is believed that people were frequently moving between Krepeni and Mavrovo.
The Monastery of Mavriotissa, originally named "Mesonisiotissa" (meaning "in the middle of the island"), was built near the village.
Mavrovo had a historical relationship with both the Mavriotissa monastery as well as with the nearby village of Krepeni.

</doc>
<doc id="19153480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153480" title="Colias philodice">
Colias philodice

The Common or Clouded Sulphur ("Colias philodice") is a North American butterfly in the family Pieridae, subfamily Coliadinae.
Description.
The upper side of the male's wings is yellow with black borders. The upper side of the female's wings is either yellow or greenish-white with yellow- or white-spotted black borders. The underside of the male's wings is yellow while the female's is yellow or greenish-white, and both have a double hind wing spot trimmed in brownish-red. Its wingspan 32 to 54 mm.
This species has a white form which can be confused with a "Pieris rapae".
Habitat.
This butterfly may be encountered in fields, lawns, Alfalfa or Clover fields, meadows, and roadsides. Swarms of these butterflies will congregate at mud puddles. They range over most of North America with the exception of Labrador, Nunavut, and northern Quebec.
Nectar Plants.
Clouded Sulphurs nectar at flowers such as Milkweed ("Asclepias" sp.), Butterfly Bush ("Buddleja" sp.), Coneflower ("Dracopis", "Echinacea", and "Rudbeckia"), Alfalfa ("Medicago sativa"), Dandelion ("Taraxacum" sp.), Clover ("Trifolium" sp.), and Tall verbena ("Verbena bonariensis") and many more.
Host Plants.
Ground-Plum ("Astragalus crassicarpus"), Platte River Milk-Vetch ("Astragalus plattensis"), Soy-Bean ("Glycine max"), Deer-Vetch ("Lotus" spp.), Alfalfa ("Medicago sativa"), White Sweet-Clover ("Melilotus albus"), Black Locust ("Robinia pseudoacacia"), White Clover ("Trifolium repens"), Red Clover ("Trifolium pratense"), Vetch ("Vicia" spp.)
Life cycle.
The pale yellow eggs are laid singly on the host plants. The eggs turn red after a few days, then turn gray just before they hatch. The young larvae will eat one another. The larva is green with a white stripe running along each side of the body. The white stripes may contain bars or lines of pink or orange. The green chrysalis hangs up right by a silken girdle. Just before eclosion, the chrysalis turns yellow with a pink "zipper".
See also.
"Colias eurytheme" - Orange Sulphur

</doc>
<doc id="19153493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153493" title="Tallgrass Film Festival">
Tallgrass Film Festival

The Tallgrass Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Wichita, Kansas. It was founded in 2003 by Timothy Gruver, and is operated by the non-profit organization Tallgrass Film Association. It is a five-day independent film festival, open to the public. There were 190 features and shorts screened in 2012.
The festival takes place at several locations in downtown Wichita including the Orpheum Theatre. In 2012, over 11,000 people attended. Since its creation in 2003, over 100,000 people have attended with approximately 200 filmmakers, actors and guests coming in for the festival from all over the world. 
Official Selections have included Audience Award winners The Big Bad Swim and 39 Pounds of Love; as well as the 2006 Independent Spirit Award winner Conventioneers, the 2007 Independent Spirit Award nominee Trials of Darryl Hunt as well as Bomb The System, Manhattan, Kansas, Dreamland, The Real Dirt on Farmer John, Fat Girls, Iraq in Fragments, The Last Picture Show, The Buddy Holly Story and the popular High School Shorts Program and Timothy Gruver Spotlight on Kansas Filmmakers.
2003 Opening Night Film: Bomb The System
2004 Opening Night Film: Up For Grabs
2005 (Shortgrass) Opening Night Film: Conventioneers
2006 Opening Night Film: Manhattan, Kansas
2007 Opening Night Film: Kansas v. Darwin
2008 Opening Night Film: What's the Matter with Kansas?
2009 Opening Night Film: The Only Good Indian
2010 Opening Night Film: The Dry Land
2011 Opening Night Film: Der Sandmann
2012 Opening Night Film: Pablo

</doc>
<doc id="19153497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153497" title="Victoria Hall">
Victoria Hall

Victoria Hall can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19153521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153521" title="Nathaniel Dexter">
Nathaniel Dexter

Nathaniel Dexter, "town father" of Lancaster, Massachusetts, USA, donated what is known as Dexter Drumlin to The Trustees of Reservations. After his death he was hailed as "a beloved supporter of The Trustees and active
member of the Lancaster community". The Nathaniel Dexter Meeting Room on the lower level of the Lancaster town library also bears his name. The Bostonian Society has possession of his family papers from 1820 to 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19153533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153533" title="Ralph Guarino">
Ralph Guarino

Ralphie Guarino is a former FBI informant and a former associate of the Decavalcante Crime Family, the New-Jersey based crime family that is sometimes considered to be the inspiration for The Sopranos. He is currently in the Witness Protection Program with his family after he was arrested for masterminding the Bank of America robbery in 1998.
Previously, he had been known as the owner of underground gas station tanks that created a hazard for many years at the 25th Street R line subway station in New York
City.

</doc>
<doc id="19153551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153551" title="Émile-Dostaler O'Leary">
Émile-Dostaler O'Leary

Émile-Dostaler O'Leary (16 August 1908 – 18 April 1965) was a Canadian journalist and writer.
Biography.
Émile-Dostaler O'Leary O'Leary was born in Berthierville, Quebec and attended the "Collège Saint-Joseph" in Berthierville before travelling to Belgium to study at the "Petit Séminaire de Basse-Wavre" and, later, the University of Burgundy (Dijon, France) and Université Libre de Bruxelles. He completed a B.Sc. degree in chemistry, physics, and mathematics at the "Institut de chimie Meurice".
After returning from Europe, O'Leary completed an internship in the chemical industry from 1933 to 1937. He subsequently pursued journalism and joined "La Patrie". He worked at "La Patrie" until 1957, when he became director of Air France's Department of External Relations—a position he held until 1958. In 1959, he began working as a correspondent for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in Paris, where he also served as Canadian correspondent for several French language newspapers.
Activism.
O'Leary was a Quebec nationalist and member of Jeune-Canada. With his brother Walter-Patrice, he co-founded the Young Patriots of French Canada () and the Knights of the Round Table of Canada () in 1935, and the Cultural Union of Mexico–French Canada (), which was later renamed the Union of Latin America (), in 1939.
During the Canadian federal election of 1945, he stood as a candidate for the Bloc Populaire Canadien in the Laurier riding. He placed second in the contest with 5,145 votes, losing to incumbent Liberal Ernest Bertrand.
O'Leary was a representative to the executive of the International Federation of Journalists and, in 1950, founded the International Francophone Press Union (, UPF).
He served as the UPF's president from 1950 to 1955. He also involved himself with the formation of the Canadian Union of French-language Journalists ().
Personal life.
O'Leary was born to Émile O'Leary and Fébronie Dostaler and had two sisters—Marguerite and Alice—and a brother, Walter-Patrice. He married Lucille Lévesque on 15 April 1939, at the age of 30. He fathered four children: Marie-France, Denis, Étienne O'Leary, and Véronique. 
O'Leary died on 18 April 1965 in Paris, aged 56, from undisclosed causes.

</doc>
<doc id="19153564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153564" title="Therdchai Jivacate">
Therdchai Jivacate

Therdchai Jivacate (born 1941) is a Thai orthopedic surgeon and inventor known for his humanitarian activities in providing free prosthetic limbs to impoverished amputees, and for his development of techniques allowing low-cost, high-quality prostheses to be made from local materials. The activities of the Prostheses Foundation, which he founded in 1992 under royal sponsorship from the Princess Mother Srinagarindra, have expanded beyond the borders of Thailand to Malaysia, Laos, and Burma. Jivacate has established Thailand's first and only educational institution of occupational therapy at Chiang Mai University. He has also created an educational programme for children suffering from chronic diseases at Maharaj Hospital in Nakhon Ratchasima. In 2008, he was given the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Public Service.
In addition to his work with humans, Dr Jivacate has also designed prosthetic limbs for elephants who have been injured by landmines.
Early life.
Therdchai Jivacate graduated from the Faculty of Medicine of Chulalongkorn University in 1965. From 1968 to 1972 he was a resident of physical medicine and rehabilitation in Northwestern University, while from 1972 to 1975 he specialized in orthopedic surgery at Chiang Mai University. One of his first technological discoveries involved manufacturing artificial legs from recycled plastic yogurt bottles. Jivacate used his own funds to simplify and adapt the process and the devices to meet local needs—for instance, designing artificial legs specifically for use by farmers working in wet fields.
Prostheses Foundation.
On August 17, 1992 under sponsorship from the Princess Mother Srinagarindra he founded the Prostheses Foundation headquartered in Chiang Mai becoming its secretary-general. With further support from private donors, the royal family, and the Thai national lottery fund, the organization's activities were expanded. The Prostheses Foundation has manufactured artificial legs for more than 15,000 people, for free.
Innovations.
After observing that amputees living in the remote borderlands of Thailand were among the least likely to obtain proper prosthetic limbs, Jivacate formed field clinics—that is, organized teams of specialized personnel and volunteers who manufacture prosthetic limbs in mobile workshops. The process is completed within six days; every day 150 to 300 people acquire new prosthetic limbs. Since 1992, Jivacate has organized nearly 100 mobile workshop missions including missions in Laos, Malaysia and Myanmar, the workshops of some of which eventually became permanent satellite ones. These workshops are equipped, and their technicians (many of whom are also amputees) are trained, by the Prostheses Foundation. These activities have also been expanded in Aceh, Indonesia. As of 2010, the mobile units have provided service to about fourteen thousand patients, made seventeen thousand new prosthetic legs, and repaired two thousand artificial legs.
In 2009 Jivacate used a modified version of the Centre for Rehabilitation casting system to fabricate a prosthetic leg for Baby Mosha, a female elephant whose leg had been amputated after she had stepped on a landmine in 2006, when she was 7 months old. The process was featured in a documentary film titled "The Eyes of Thailand" directed by Windy Borman.
Awards.
In 1993, one year after the establishment of the Prostheses Foundation, Dr Jivacate won the Thararom Quality Award for creative inventions from discarded materials, and was voted best rural doctor by the National Medical Association of Thailand. In 1994, the National Research Council of Thailand awarded him the third prize for the most useful medical invention. On August 31, 2008 he was awarded the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Public Service by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund as a recognition of his work on developing artificial limbs available even for poor people.

</doc>
<doc id="19153585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153585" title="Terminal Railroad">
Terminal Railroad

Terminal Railroad or Terminal Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19153627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153627" title="Xanməmmədli">
Xanməmmədli

Xanməmmədli or Khanmamedli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19153652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153652" title="Dead money">
Dead money

Dead money can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19153656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153656" title="Sugar packet">
Sugar packet

A sugar packet is a delivery method for one 'serving' of sugar. Sugar packets are commonly supplied in restaurants, coffeehouses and tea houses in preference to sugar bowls or sugar dispensers for reasons of neatness, sanitation, spill control, and to some extent portion control. 
Statistics.
A typical sugar packet in the United States contains 2-4 grams of sugar. Some sugar packets in countries such as Poland contain 5 to 10 grams of sugar. Sugar packet sizes, shapes, and weights differ throughout different areas of the world.
History.
The sugar cube was used in restaurants until it began to be replaced directly after World War II. At this time, machines were made that could produce small packets of sugar for nearly half the cost.
The sugar packet was invented by Benjamin Eisenstadt, the founder of Cumberland Packing or better known today as the Sweet 'N Low company. Ben had been a tea bag factory worker, and became irritated by the task of refilling and unclogging all the sugar dispensers in his Brooklyn cafeteria across from the Brooklyn Navy Yard. He didn't patent the idea, and after discussions with larger sugar companies, lost market share.
Because a gram of any carbohydrate contains 4 calories, a typical four gram sugar packet has 16 calories.
Collecting.
The hobby of collecting sugar packets is called sucrology. Collectors can for example focus on the variety of types of sugar or brand names. Sugar packets are also handy forms of advertisement for businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="19153668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153668" title="The Threat to Reason">
The Threat to Reason

The Threat to Reason is a book by Dan Hind, published by Verso Books.
In it he argues that the Enlightenment has been 'hijacked' by corporate and state interests who use it to justify their activities. Their claim to represent true Enlightenment values has been used to justify a range of controversial events from the Iraq war to the need for unregulated corporations.
The central point is that the mainstream perception of the enemies of reason distracts attention from the real threat of corporate and government corruption of Enlightenment principles.
Hind also articulates Max Horkheimer's idea that "the Enlightenment is authoritarian".
The conclusion to his book upholds Immanuel Kant's view that the Enlightenment involves intellectual adulthood and making moral decisions independent of those above us in social, economic or political hierarchies. To do this, our true thoughts must be made available publicly through open access platforms. By contributing one's expertise and knowledge to the public domain, we can "become the authors of our own Enlightenment".

</doc>
<doc id="19153698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153698" title="IQ Aurigae">
IQ Aurigae

IQ Aurigae is variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19153708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153708" title="Bill Alexander (director)">
Bill Alexander (director)

William "Bill" Alexander Paterson (born in Hunstanton, 23 February 1948) is an award-winning British theatre director.
Alexander has worked extensively with the Royal Shakespeare Company. He was artistic director of Birmingham Repertory Theatre between 1992 and 2002. His production of "The Snowman" is performed in London's West End every year.
Father William Paterson. Mother Rosemary Paterson (née McCormack).
Married to Juliet Alexander (née Juliet Harmer). They have two daughters, Jess and Lola, and two grandchildren, Vinny and Thea.
Early career.
In 1974 Alexander worked at the Bristol Old Vic as a trainee director. There he directed:
In 1975 he joined The Royal Court Theatre as an assistant director. His production of "Class Enemy" by Nigel Williams won the Binky Beaumont Award for Best New Director.
The Royal Shakespeare Company.
In his first year (1977) Alexander worked as assistant to Trevor Nunn and John Barton.
His initial work for the company was in the two studio theatres: The Warehouse in London (primarily devoted to new plays) and The Other Place in Stratford (dedicated to a mixture of new plays and the re-discovery of classics by performing them on a small scale). Over his 14 years at the RSC Alexander did many productions in both of these theatres, and also at The Pit (which replaced The Warehouse when the RSC moved to the Barbican).
Studio productions include:
Alexander's first production on the RSC main stage was "Richard III" (with Antony Sher as Richard) in 1984. Subsequent productions include:
Birmingham Repertory Theatre.
Alexander left the RSC to become Artistic Director and Chief Executive of the Birmingham Repertory Theatre in 1992.
Representative productions there include:
Freelance career.
Since leaving the Rep Alexander's freelance work has included:

</doc>
<doc id="19153724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153724" title="Craig Spence (golfer)">
Craig Spence (golfer)

Craig A. Spence (born 17 September 1974) is an Australian professional golfer.
Spence was born in Colac, Victoria and first played golf at the age of 10. Around the age of 15 he began competing at an amateur level. He then went on to the Victorian Institute of Sport, winning two Victorian Amateurs back to back. He turned professional in 1996 and joined the PGA Tour of Australasia.
In 1999 Spence made his professional breakthrough with victory in the Ericsson Australian Masters. Having opened up with a 9 under par first round, he finished by hitting a 6 iron two two feet for a birdie on the final hole to win by a single stroke over Australia's most successful golfer, playing partner Greg Norman. Following that win Spence received invites to tournaments around the world, on five of the major tours. He managed to record top 5 finishes in events on all of those tours.
At the end of 1999, Spence earned his PGA Tour card for the 2000 season with a top 10 finish at the tour's Qualifying School. His rookie year on the PGA Tour was a struggle and he missed out on keeping a full card for 2001, finishing 129th on the money list. He made just two cuts the following season to lose all playing rights on the tour. He spent two more years in the United States competing mostly on mini-tours while receiving invites to a limited number of second tier Nationwide Tour events. He also continued to play on the PGA Tour of Australasia with limited success.
Spence turned his attentions to Europe at the end of 2003, earning a spot on the European Tour for 2004 via the qualifying school. In his début season, he made just three cuts as he failed to keep his card for the 2005 season. He then returned to the United States, to play on the Gateway Tour in preparation for another try at qualifying for the PGA Tour. Having missed out on reaching the final qualifying tournament by one shot in 2006, he and his family moved back to Australia.
Spence is married to Nicole, an American. They have two children.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = Missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="19153751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153751" title="2009 Rochester Knighthawks season">
2009 Rochester Knighthawks season

The Rochester Knighthawks are a lacrosse team based in Rochester, New York, playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 15th in franchise history.
In September 2008, Knighthawks superstar John Grant, Jr. underwent emergency surgery on his left knee to remove an infection from his ACL. The surgery meant that Grant would miss the entire 2009 season. To make up for the loss of their most potent scoring threat, the Knighthawks pulled an unexpected move: they traded forward Andrew Potter and two first round draft picks to the Colorado Mammoth for the rights to lacrosse legend Gary Gait, and convinced Gait to return to playing after a three-year retirement.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=25958&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Knighthawks selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19153772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153772" title="Ding Wenjiang">
Ding Wenjiang

Ding Wenjiang (Chinese: 丁文江; March 20, 1887 - January 5, 1936), courtesy name Zaijun, was a Chinese geologist and social activist. In his own time, his name was transcribed as either V.K. Ting, or Ting Wen-chiang.
Ding was born into a wealthy family in Taixing, Jiangsu Province. He went to study in Japan in 1902, and later studied in Britain, majoring in zoology and geology. In 1911, Ding graduated from University of Glasgow. After returning to China, he taught at Nanyang Public School (now Shanghai Jiao Tong University) in Shanghai. In 1913, Ding became the geological section chief in Mining Administrative Bureau of Ministry of Industry and Commerce, and went to Shanxi and Yunnan, conducting geological and mineral exploitation. In 1921, he became the general manager of the Beipiao Mining Company, and founded Chinese Geological Society. He served as vice president of the society, and was the editor-in-chief of "Chinese Palaeobiology". He published a paper, "Mythology and Science", in 1923, arguing with Zhang Junmai on science and philosophy, in which he fought against the view that "science is irrelevant to human philosophy". In 1925, Ding was appointed as the director of Shanghai Commercial Bureau. He represented Jiangsu provincial government to negotiate with foreign delegates to Shanghai. They signed "The Temporary Regulation on Reclamation of Juridical Rights in Shanghai by China" on August 1, 1926. In 1931, Ding became a professor of geology at Peking University. Together with Weng Wenhao and Zeng Shiying, he edited and published "New Geographic Map of the Republic of China", and "Provincial Maps of China". In June, 1934, Ding served as the chief staff of Academia Sinica. When he was exploiting a coal mine in Hunan in 1936, he was intoxicated by the coal gas. Fu Sinian came from Beijing to take care of him. On January 5, Ding died in Xiangya Hospital in Changsha. Following his will, he was buried on Yuelu Mountain.
Ding authored "The Textbook of Zoology". His geological exploitation materials were compiled into "Mr. Ding Wenjiang's Geological Investigation Report", and published in 1947. Ding was also the first Chinese scholar to systematically study the written words of Yi ethnicity. Hu Shih wrote "Biography of Ding Wenjiang", and commented that he is "a most europeanized Chinese, and a most scientifically styled Chinese." (Hu Shih: "The Guy Called Ding Wenjiang").
See also.
(This comprehensive biography focuses on Ding's scientific and political career, but almost entirely omits Ding's role in the creation of modern Chinese archaeology. A Chinese version was published in 1987: Ding Wenjiang—kexue yu zhongguo xin wenhua 丁文江—科学与中国新文化, translated by Ding’s niece, Ding Zilin, Jiang Yijian, and Yang Zhao. Changsha: Hunan Kexue jishu chubanshe, 1987) 
Note: These several sources (Furth 1970; Fiskesjö & Chen 2004; Fiskesjö 2011) should be consulted for the correct titles of the Chinese-language works by Hu Shih and other writers, most of which are quoted incorrectly or mistranslated in English, in the entry text above (thus potentially misleading the readers of this entry).

</doc>
<doc id="19153780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153780" title="Minimum railway curve radius">
Minimum railway curve radius

The minimum railway curve radius, the shortest design radius, has an important bearing on constructions costs and operating costs and, in combination with superelevation (difference in elevation of the two rails) in the case of train tracks, determines the maximum safe speed of a curve. Superelevation is not a factor on tramway tracks. Minimum radius of curve is one parameter in the design of railway vehicles as well as trams.
History.
The first proper railway was the Liverpool and Manchester Railway which opened in 1830. Like the trams that had preceded it over a hundred years, the L&M had gentle curves and gradients. Amongst other reasons for the gentle curves were the lack of strength of the track, which might have overturned if the curves were too sharp causing derailments. There was no signalling at this time, so drivers had to be able to see ahead to avoid collisions with previous trains. The gentler the curves, the longer the visibility. The earliest rails were made in short lengths of wrought iron, which does not bend like later steel rails that were introduced in the 1850s.
Factors affecting the minimum curve radius.
Minimum curve radii for railroads are governed by the speed operated and by the mechanical ability of the rolling stock to adjust to the curvature. In North America, equipment for unlimited interchange between railroad companies are built to accommodate radius (16 degrees 26 minutes) or sharper, but normally radius (14 degrees) is used as a minimum, as some freight cars are handled by special agreement between railroads that cannot take the sharper curvature. For handling of long freight trains, a minimum radius (8 degrees) is preferred.
The sharpest curves tend to be on the narrowest of narrow gauge railways, where almost everything is proportionately smaller.
Steam locomotives.
As the need for more powerful (steam) locomotives grew, the need for more driving wheels on a longer, fixed wheelbase grew too. But long wheel bases are unfriendly to sharp curves. Various type of articulated locomotives Mallet, Garratt, Shay were devised to avoid having to operate multiple locomotives with multiple crews.
More recent diesel and electric locomotives do not have a wheelbase problem and can easily be operated in multiple with a single crew.
Couplings.
Not all couplers can handle very sharp curves. This is particularly true of the European buffer and chain couplers, where the buffers get in the way.
Train lengths.
A long heavy freight train, especially those with light and heavy waggons mixed up, may have problems going round very sharp curves, as the drawgear forces may pull intermediate waggons off the rails causing derailments. Solutions might include:
A similar problems occur with harsh changes in gradients (vertical curves).
Speed.
As a heavy train goes round a bend at speed, the centrifugal force the train exerts on the rails is sufficient to move the actual track, which is only held in place by ballast. To counter this, a cant is used, that is, a height difference between the outside and inside rails on the curve. Ideally the train should be tilted such that resultant (combined) force acts straight "down" through the bottom of the train, so the rails feel little or no sideways force. Some trains are capable of tilting to enhance this effect for passenger comfort.
The cant can't of course be ideal at the same time for both fast passenger trains and slow freight trains.
The relationship between speed and tilt can be calculated mathematically. Specifically, the gravitational and centripetal forces need to be in the ratio 1 : tan "θ", where "θ" is the angle by which the train is tilted due to the cant:
Geometrically, tan θ can be expressed (approximately, for small angles) in terms of the track gauge and the cant:
Combining these gives
which rearranges to give the formula for maximum speed on a curve:
where "G" is the rail gauge, "v" is speed in m/s (1 m/s = 3.6 km/h), "g" is gravitational acceleration (9.8 m/s²), "ha" is cant, and "hb" is cant deficiency. The cant deficiency is the amount of additional cant that would be needed to neutralise the centrifugal force, and it is proportional to the curve force.
This table shows examples of curve radii. The values used when building high-speed railways vary, and depends on how much wear and safety desired.
Transition curves.
A curve should not become a straight all at once, but should gradually increase in radius over time (a distance of around 40 m - 80 m for a line with a maximum speed of about 100 km/h). Even worse than curves with no transition are reverse curves with no intervening straight.
The super-elevation (aka cant) must also be transitioned.
The higher the speed, the longer the transition.
Vertical Curves.
As a train negotiates a curve, the force it exerts on the track changes. Too tight a 'crest' curve could result in the train leaving the track as it drops away beneath it; too tight a 'trough' and the train will plough downwards into the rails and damage them. More precisely, the support force "R" exerted by the track on a train as a function of the curve radius "r" is given by
positive for troughs, negative for crests, where "m" is the mass of the train and "v" is the speed in m/s. For passenger comfort the ratio of the gravitational acceleration "g" to the centripetal acceleration "v2/r" needs to be kept as small as possible, else passengers will feel large 'changes' in their weight.
As trains cannot climb steep slopes, they have little occasion to go over significant vertical curves, however High Speed 1 (section 2) in the UK has a minimum vertical curve radius of 10000m. High Speed 2, with the higher speed of 400 km/h, stipulates much larger 56000m radii. In both these cases the experienced change in 'weight' is less than 7%.

</doc>
<doc id="19153797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153797" title="Main Poc">
Main Poc

Main Poc (also recorded as Main Poche, Main Pogue, Main Poque, Main Pock; supposedly from the French, meaning "Crippled Hand") was a leader of the Yellow River villages of the Potawatomi native Americans in the United States. Through his entire life, he fought against the growing strength of the United States and tried to stop the flow of settlers into the Old Northwest. He joined with Tecumseh to push the settlers south and east of the Ohio River and followed him to defeat in Canada during the War of 1812.
Early years.
With the Treaty of Greenville (July 1795) peace returned east of the Mississippi River. In Spanish-controlled St. Louis, however, officials had urged the various Indian groups to wage war upon the Osage in 1793. The Potawatomi had been among those to accept the offer, but though incidents of violence did take place, the Lieutenant-Governor of Spanish Illinois summed up the lackluster efforts of his various allies by stating that they "merely pretend to make effective their promises, while even showing the willingness to make peace, in order to frighten us and to attract immense presents..." By the turn of the century the few notable, trans-Mississippi raids that did take place were attributed to only two particular Potawatomi leaders: Turkey Foot of the Tippecanoe and Main Poc of the Kankakee. White settlers in eastern Missouri and southern Illinois were particularly incensed by these forays as raiding parties often pilfered horses and livestock as well as killed a number of homesteaders and travelers .
By 1805, Main Poc had become the sole documented leader of such forays. In the autumn of that year, the United States brokered a treaty with the Osage, promising to protect them from such incursions. Less than a month later, Main Poc carried out his most audacious raid yet, capturing over sixty Osage prisoners. Responding to Osage pressure, the United States did its best to purchase and recover as many of the captives as possible, most of whom had been sold to the Sauk and Mesquakies along the Mississippi in northwestern Illinois. Following the raid, Main Poc's influence in the region greatly increased. Both village chiefs and U.S. officials alike courted him in an attempt to further their own political ends. Able to support his followers upon their largess, Main Poc refrained from raiding for almost five years.
With Tecumseh.
When Tecumseh and his brother the Prophet sent messengers among the Potawatomi in 1807, Main Poc readily gave support. While his given name was Wenebeset ("Crafty One"), he was known as "Main Poc", meaning "Withered Hand" in French. He had a crippled left hand. All the fingers and thumb were missing. He had risen as a shaman and had visions and contact with the spirits. The fall of 1808 found Main Poc visiting the Shawnee Prophet at his village on the Auglaize River in Ohio. He went in November and spent two months among the Shawnees. Main Poc spent the winter at Fort Wayne, where he had been invited by the Indian Agent to winter. While the Americans saw this as a sign of loyalty by the Potawatomi chief, Main Poc continued to declare his independence from American demands. When Main Poc returned to his village on the Kankakee and again prepared for war against the Osage, the American Agents proposed to send Main Poc and a delegation to Washington, D.C. He was in Washington by December and meet with President Thomas Jefferson. He returned home in the spring of 1809. With the depletion of the food stocks at Prophetstown, which the prophet had moved to the previous summer, the Potawatomi warriors were returning to their own villages. Main Poc did like wise and spent a quiet spring on the Kankakee.
The following year (1810), Prophetstown was again growing and Main Poc moved there in June. The combined Indian nations were planning their attacks against the American posts. Main Poc was to lead a force of Potawatomi against Fort Dearborn (Chicago).
In July 1810, a series of Potawatomi raids against the Osage increased the tension between the Americans and the Potawatomi. When Gomo of the Lake Peoria Potawatomi went to St. Louis in September to profess friendship with the Americans and to promise to restrain the Illinois Potawatomi warriors. Main Poc had spent the summer in western Illinois raiding the scattered settlements and in November lead a raid against the Osage. During the raid, Main Poc was wounded and could not walk or ride. He was ferried down the Missouri and up the Mississippi to a village near Portage des Sioux, where he spent the winter of 1810-11. In April, the recovered Main Poc moved his village to Crow Prairie at the northern end of Lake Peoria. From this new village, Main Poc lead raids against the American settlements and skirmished with the militia units. A delegation was sent to the Peoria villages of Gomo in an attempt to end the raids. Main Poc did not attend and the Peoria villages had not joined with Main Pocs warriors in the raids. The expedition returned south without gaining a cessation to the attacks. Instead, Main Poc journeyed north to the Rock River Sauk and then to the Kickapoo villages on the Kankakee. Obtaining their allegiance, Main Poc traveled to the British post at Amherstburg (across from Detroit) to spend the winter of 1811 in Canada.
Harrison marched on Tippecanoe during August 1812 in an attempt to end the raids on the Illinois frontier. His victory ended the Indian Confederacy. But, Main Poc remained in Canada, sending Wabameme to the Potawatomi villages around Lake Michigan preparing them for war. In March 1812, an American delegation traveled the Illinois River inviting the Potawatomi to Cahokia for a council of peace. The council achieved little as the chiefs hostile to the Americans, like Main Poc did not attend. By July, word was received among the warriors following Tecumseh that Main Poc was returning from the British with kegs of powder. Plans went forward for the destruction of Fort Dearborn. By this time, Main Poc was considered by the American military as second only to Tecumseh in influence among the pro-British warriors. Main Poc spend the summer on southern Lake Michigan, but his influence was felt as his messengers continued to counsel war among the Potawatomi villages. Main Poc and Shabbona were in Canada at the siege of Detroit, while Blackbird and Mad Sturgeon lead the attack (August 15, 1812) on Fort Dearborn (Chicago). On August 5, the Potawatomi led by Tecumseh turned back the American’s at the Battle of Brownstown. Four days later, Caldwell and Main Poc at Monguaga ambushed another column sent to relieve Detroit.
Many Potawatomi joined with Tecumseh in support of the British as they retreated from Detroit into the southern Canada. They were defeated at the Battle of the Thames (October 5, 1813). Main Poc had remained near Detroit, planning to attack Governor Harrison’s supply columns. When the American Brigadier General Duncan McArthur, stationed to protect Detroit and the supply route, extended a truce to the nations of the lower lakes. Harrison at first refused to let the Potawatomi join. He relented to insure peace on the frontier and Topinbee, Five Medals and Main Poc signed for the Potawatomi.
American domination.
The summer of 1814 witnessed the Treaty of Greenville, where the pro-American chiefs of the Potawatomi attended. Main Poc and the other pro-British chiefs (Moran, Mad Sturgeon, and Chebass) stayed away. Main Poc moved to a new village on the Yellow River (between Knox and Plymouth. From here, raids were made against Fort Harrison (Terre Haute). McArthur was instructed in August 1814 to raise a militia force and deal with the Potawatomi. Unable to raise a large enough force, no action was taken. In 1815, the news arrived that the Treaty of Ghent had ended the conflict between the Americans and the British. Main Poc was at Mackinac when the British commander notified the Indian allies of the peace treaty. When invited to Spring Wells (near Detroit), to sit in a council of peace, Main Poc refused to attend. As peace came to the frontier, the mixed-blood tribal members were taking on leadership roles. Main Poc died in 1816, furthering the trend to leaders who were comfortable in both the Potawatomi villages and the American trading companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19153842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153842" title="Little League World Series (Midwest Region)">
Little League World Series (Midwest Region)

The Midwest Region is one of eight United States regions that currently send teams to the Little League World Series, the largest youth baseball competition in the world. The region's participation in the LLWS dates back to 1957, when it was known as the Central Region. However, when the LLWS was expanded in 2001 from eight teams (four U.S. teams and four "International" teams from the rest of the world) to 16 teams (eight U.S. and eight International), the Central Region was split into the Midwest and Great Lakes Regions.
The U.S. states that are in Little League's Midwest Region:
Regional championship.
Winner is indicated in green.
LLWS results.
"As of the 2013 Little League World Series."
Results by state.
"As of the 2013 Little League World Series."

</doc>
<doc id="19153882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153882" title="Krepeni">
Krepeni

Krepeni () is a village in Greece near the lake of Kastoria. It is part of the community of Mavrochori within the municipality of Kastoria. 
History.
The name "Krepeni" appears in a title deed executed by Nicholas Bagas Baldovin of Serbia.
The village of Krepeni had a historical relationship with both the nearby village of Mavrovo as well as with the Mavriotissa monastery, which was named "Krepeniotissa" in the early 17th century.
In the beginning of 19th century Francois Pouqueville described "Crepeni" as a hamlet of eight families.
In the British Baldwin & Craddock Map of Greece (printed on 1 January 1830 by a printer located at 47 Paternoster Row, London) the village of Krepeni is not shown, although the nearby village of Mavrobo (alternative spelling of Mavrovo) is visible.
The Mavriotissa monastery was a significant land owner in the village of Krepeni.
In the end of the 18th century the patriarch of the Mavrovitis family moved his people from Krepeni to Mavrovo in order to avoid a plague epidemic.
It is believed that there were frequent movements of population between the villages of Krepeni and Mavrovo.
Stefan Verkovich, folklorist from Bosnia, noted in 1889 that there were 28 Bulgarian houses in Krepeni. He notes that the land is fertile and the local people are engaged in farming and vineyards.

</doc>
<doc id="19153895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153895" title="Steve Uy">
Steve Uy

Steve Uy (born January 11, 1979) is an American comic book artist and writer.
Career.
Steve Uy began working for Marvel Comics after graduating from the School of Visual Arts in New York. His work started out as cover art for certain titles such as Iceman, and later on he worked on the mini-series "Eden's Trail" with Chuck Austen.
Later on he went to Image Comics to work on another mini-series, "Feather", and afterward did the mini-series "Jova's Harvest" for Arcana Studios.
Uy worked on several issues of "" including a special written by Christos Gage and Dan Slott.

</doc>
<doc id="19153901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153901" title="Joe Thomas (talk show host)">
Joe Thomas (talk show host)

Joe Thomas (born September 13, 1963) is an American conservative morning talk radio host on WCHV 1260 AM and 107.5 FM, and hosts The Afternoon Constitutional radio show in Charlottesville, Virginia. He also serves as the station's programming director and the programming director of sister station "Sports Radio 1400", WKAV.
Career.
He graduated Bayside High School in New York City where he was bitten by the broadcasting bug in Arnold Friedman's class. Disappointed with the broadcasting opportunities in his college (CUNY; Queens College) he took a turn to restaurant management at several Burger King restaurants in Queens, NY. (His father had helped establish the chains footprint in the area in the 1960s with Mallory Restaurants) He returned to radio in 1986 at Graiff Communications WPUT in Brewster, NY.
Prior to Charlottesville, he hosted talk shows on 1150 WDEL in Wilmington, Delaware and on 1420 WCOJ in West Chester, Pennsylvania. He has also hosted morning drive shows on WTSS "Star 102.5" in Buffalo, NY; "FM97" WLAN-FM in Lancaster, Pennsylvania; "Beaver 103" WBHV-FM in State College, Pennsylvania; and WPXC in Hyannis, Massachusetts.
Personal life.
Thomas is the son of Ruth and Joe Thomas. He is married to Elaine Thomas (née Connolly) since May 1, 1993 and is father to Taylor Campbell, Kyle Crawford and Morgan MacDonald Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="19153906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19153906" title="A Killing Kindness">
A Killing Kindness

A Killing Kindness is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the sixth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.

</doc>
<doc id="19154011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154011" title="NProtect GameGuard Personal 2007">
NProtect GameGuard Personal 2007

nProtect GameGuard Personal 2007 (often referred to as nProtect GGP2007) is an Anti-Virus security suite for Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, and Vista developed by INCA Internet and designed for users playing online computer games. nProtect GameGuard Personal 2007 includes real-time protection from most forms of malware, including viruses, trojans, spyware, worms, keyloggers and rootkits as well as a game optimization feature. Users can also encrypt/decrypt important files and permanently delete a file so that restoration is not possible. In addition, the program includes basic maintenance tools, including a disk optimizer and registry cleaner. Like many other security products, nProtect GameGuard Personal 2007 can cause collisions when executed along other security products simultaneous. Known products that are incompatible with nProtect are Kaspersky Internet Security 6.0/7.0, Avast! 4 Home, Avira AntiVir Personal, Norton Antivirus 2004, ALYac, V3Pro2004, and V3 Internet Security 2007. The collisions mainly occur when running the on-access scanning (real-time scanning) simultaneously.
nProtect GameGuard Personal 2007 is available both in a free and a non-free edition, the former lacking treatment abilities for some malware.
Features.
Plug-Ins.
nProtect GameGuard Personal 2007 is composed of five modules called plug-ins. Each plug-in provides a unique function and different products of nProtect are composed of different variations of plug-ins. 
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Additional Features.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19154029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154029" title="John M. Edmond">
John M. Edmond

John Marmion Edmond FRS (April 27, 1943 - April 10, 2001) was a professor of marine geochemistry and oceanography at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, who did pioneering work on oceanic particulate matter, the oceanic carbon dioxide cycle, trace elements, and radioisotopes. He explored and analyzed water chemistry from environments as diverse as the mid-ocean ridge hydrothermal vents to the polar oceans to remote rivers and lakes in South America, Africa, Siberia, and Tibet. He and his students and colleagues in his lab measured more chemical elements at lower concentrations in water than had ever been done before.
Biography.
Edmond was born on April 27, 1943, in Glasgow, Scotland, and was educated at the University of Glasgow (BSc degree, 1965) and the University of California, San Diego, where he received his PhD in 1970 at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. He was a Fellow of the Royal Society as well as of the American Geophysical Union. He received AGU's Macelwane Medal, and the Urey Medal. 
He died on April 10, 2001. Francis Albarede, President of the European Association of Geochemistry at the time of Edmond’s death said "A scientist can be extremely proud if by the end of his life he had contributed one idea that changed the human perception of the world. John Edmond left us with several of these."

</doc>
<doc id="19154055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154055" title="Maiano">
Maiano

Maiano is small hilltop locality, now part of Fiesole, in Tuscany. 
The Chiesa di San Martino was founded there in the eleventh century and subsequently restored in the fifteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth centuries. A "palagio" existed at Maiano in the Middle Ages, but in 1467 it was destroyed in a storm. It was rebuilt as the Villa di Maiano which today still dominates the Fattoria di Maiano estate. In the thirteenth century the poet Dante da Maiano was born there, though he was active in Florence. The family of Renaissance sculptors Giuliano da Maiano, Benedetto, and Giovanni da Maiano moved from Maiano to Florence in the fourteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19154059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154059" title="Chain of Evidence">
Chain of Evidence

Chain of Evidence is a 2007 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Garry Disher.
Notes.
This is the fourth novel in the author's "Challis/Destry" series of crime novels, following "The Dragon Man" (1999), "Kittyhawk Down" (2003), and "Snapshot" (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="19154084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154084" title="Majano (disambiguation)">
Majano (disambiguation)

Majano is a town in Friuli. It could also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19154090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154090" title="Kenneth S. Wagoner">
Kenneth S. Wagoner

Kenneth Shrout Wagoner (born in Waldron, Indiana, on 8 July 1911 - died in Rockville, Indiana, on 5 April 2000) was a professor of psychology on the faculty of DePauw University and a leading physiological skin scientist.
Early life and education.
Born in Waldron, Indiana, the son of Otto Wagoner and his wife, Nannie Shrout Wagoner, he graduated from DePauw University in 1932 and studied at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts. Then, he went on to do graduate work at Washington University in St. Louis, where he completed his M.A. in 1932 with a thesis on "The effect of warmth stimulation of one hand upon the temperature limen in the contralateral hand" and his Ph.D. in 1938 with a dissertation on "The effect of warmth and cold stimulation of one hand upon the skin temperature of the contralateral hand." 
He married Beverely Meal on 20 December 1946. The couple had two sons.
Academic career.
In 1943, Tufts University appointed Wagoner Instructor in Psychology and Research Associate in the Research Laboratory of Sensory Psychology. While at Tufts, he served as senior research psychologist for the U.S. Office of Scientific Research and Development and was awarded a Certificate of Merit from that office for his research work during World War II.
Wagoner joined the Depauw University faculty in 1946, where he was director of Experimental Psychology from 1946 to 1977, rising to professor and chairman of the Psychology Department from 1952 until his retirement in 1977. He also served as visiting professor at Florida State University in 1956 and was a consultant for research projects at Florida State University under contract with the Surgeon General of the United States from 1956 to 1963. DePauw University appointed him professor emeritus in 1977.
After retirement, Wagoner lived for a number of years at Portage Point, Michigan, where his family had spent many summers. While living there, he served as commodore of the Portage Lake Yacht Club and was a member of the Onekama Township Planning Commission. Shortly before, his death, he moved to Rockville, Indiana, where he died. He was buried at Moscow, Indiana. 
Wagoner is credited with discovering new ways that humans perceive hot and cold in the skin senses. "He isolated vasodilation and vasoconstriction as mechanisms that signal the brain that we are hot and cold." In addition, he discovered a key homeostasis feedback mechanism that helps humans maintain survival temperature.
He was a member of Gobin Memorial United Methodist Church in Greencastle, Indiana. His professional memberships included the American Psychological Association, the Psychonomic Society, American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Association of University Professors as well as Sigma Xi and Psi Chi fraternities. 
DePauw University has named a faculty chair for him, The Kenneth S. Wagoner Chair in Psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="19154100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154100" title="Norman Blount">
Norman Blount

Norman Blount is the Scottish former chairman of Queen of the South football club. Blount was instrumental as the new broom that swept through the Dumfries club in the mid and late 90s replacing the previous regime under which the club had gone into stagnation and decline from the late 1960s. Blount was the first of the three chairman who combined have rebuilt Queens to the position the club is in today.
Pre Queens.
Norman Blount was owner of a successful pharmacy business in Dumfries. His son Mark was part of the Queen of the South youth team that made the 1986 BP Youth Cup final against Aberdeen. The Queens side had beaten Celtic on the way to the final.
Queens Chairman.
Norman Blount became chairman of Queen of the South in April 1994. Very quickly new ideas came along that showed that the club was in a new era:-
The highlight on the pitch of the Blount regime was Queens making it to the final of the Scottish Challenge Cup for the first time. This was in 1997 where a battling Queens side lost out by 1-0 to Falkirk. Man of the match was Queens' Tommy Bryce. However in November 1999 Blount candidly announced that he felt that he had taken the club as far as he could and resigned from being chairman.
Two time divisional player of the year Andy Thomson was transferred for a Queens record fee of £250,000 in 1994. As Thomson was to say on his return over a decade later, "Things have changed quite a bit while I've been away - a new stand, a completely new set-up and a more modern type of training system". Thomson added, "Norman Blount was an excellent chairman."
Players to have signed for Queens during the Blount regime include Jamie McAllister, Derek Townsley, Jim Thomson, David Lilley, David Mathieson and Andy Aitken. In a later interview for the club website reflecting on his time at Queens McAllister said, "Norman Blount, the chairman at the time was different class".
Queens after Blount.
The chairmanship was taken over by Ronnie Bradford who continued the progressive ambition started under Blount. Bradford left due to ill health in June 2003. It has been under Bradford and then succeeding chairman Davie Rae that the seeds sown by Blount have really come to fruition on the pitch. Since the turn of the millennium Queens have enjoyed both league and cup success by:-
Retirement.
Norman Blount enjoys his retirement playing golf and watching Queens as a spectator. He was among the Queens fans to make the trip in August 2008 to see Queens in the UEFA Cup 2nd qualification round game away to FC Nordsjælland in Denmark. Blount is among the organisers in the events for the Queen of the South testimonial season of Andy Aitken.

</doc>
<doc id="19154160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154160" title="Two and a Half Men (season 4)">
Two and a Half Men (season 4)

The fourth season of "Two and a Half Men" originally aired on CBS from September 18, 2006, to May 14, 2007.
List of episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19154249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154249" title="Raúl daSilva">
Raúl daSilva

Raúl daSilva (born June 12, 1933) is a TV commercial producer, business documentary filmmaker, writer and an expert in the field of photoanimation.
Biography.
Raúl daSilva began his film career in 1965 at the Jamison Handy Organization of Detroit, Michigan. Starting as a writer in the animation department, Raúl moved to live action and became a director of several hundred short films for clients such as General Motors, Merck & Co., Chevrolet, and The Boy Scouts of America. It was at this time that he became a producer-director of television commercials and director of public relation films. 
daSilva has been an adjunct instructor on the script scenario at St. John Fisher College and a lecturer in screenwriting and directing at NYU, Rochester Institute of Technology, Brooklyn College, and Ithaca College. He met one of his mentors, TV pioneer writer Rod Serling at Ithaca College where they both lectured. Following that, he worked with Serling on film productions and when the celebrated playwright died at age 50, daSilva was asked to write Serling’s eulogy by the Rochester Times Union (the Gannett evening newspaper, now defunct, that can still be found on line, including Wikipedia, although the link here does not work). Serling had died in the O.R. of Rochester's Strong Memorial Hospital. His summer home was a boathouse on Cayuga Lake, near Ithaca. A re-write of the eulogy was published as My Friend, Rod Serling, His Legacy, in the July/August 2008 issue of Fate Magazine.
With the urging by actor Sterling Hayden who had been a master of tall ships in his youth, daSilva released his critically acclaimed film of Samuel Taylor Coleridge's "Rime of the Ancient Mariner" in 1975. For the film, he used the technique of photoanimation, a technology that he learned at the Jamison Handy Organization’s animation department. This allowed him to inexpensively bring to the screen the efforts of illustrators from the 19th and 20th centuries who sought to breathe life into the timeless epic poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. After some research he discovered that British actor Sir Michael Redgrave had once taught the epic poem as a schoolmaster. After contracting the actor daSilva flew to London to have Redgrave narrate the epic poem. With over two years in production, the film demonstrated the most complex work in existence today on the craft of photoanimation due to the mixed combination of movements and exposures between the vertical camera and the compass rose movements of the camera stand compound or platform where the graphic material is placed. With the craft becoming computer driven the complexity used at that time is no longer possible today, similarly, as stated by Pixar/Disney's creative genius, John Lasseter who has said that the subtle and complex character renderings of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs can not be done using a computer but must be rendered by hand.
The production was widely acclaimed by critics and recognized by six international film festival juries throughout the United States that awarded five first place prizes to the film. In this effort, Raúl renewed interest for this 1798 epic poem that speaks to the sanctity of all life on Earth. The film has been distributed throughout North America since 1985 and was also broadcast in Australia.
In addition, daSilva has written magazine articles on spirituality and has presented lectures throughout New York City on the eternal spirit in the ephemeral human experience.
daSilva currently resides in New Haven, CT, where he operates Studio Merrywood and works on his fiction projects and writing website articles.
Books written.
completed and currently with literary agency. The prologue to this book, "My Friend Rod Serling and His Legacy",
is published in the July/August 2008 FATE Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19154254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154254" title="Pleasures">
Pleasures

Pleasures (1986) is a two hour American television film written by Jill Gordon and directed by Sharron Miller. Its cast includes Joanna Cassidy, Barry Bostwick, Linda Purl, Rick Moses and Tracy Nelson.
Plot Summary.
Three related women have summer romances in this drama. The first has recently been deserted by her husband. When an old college beau shows up, sparks fly. Meanwhile her sister is wrestling with a rock star. And finally her daughter goes abroad and gets involved with a non-English speaking young man.

</doc>
<doc id="19154266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154266" title="Skinny Bitch Bun in the Oven">
Skinny Bitch Bun in the Oven

Skinny Bitch Bun in the Oven: A Gutsy Guide to Becoming One Hot and Healthy Mother! is the third book from Rory Freedman and Kim Barnouin. The book is aimed for pregnant women who want to live a healthy vegan lifestyle. The book performed poorly in comparison with other books by Freedman and Barnouin, selling only 26,000 copies. 

</doc>
<doc id="19154280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154280" title="Evolutionary trap">
Evolutionary trap

The term evolutionary trap has retained several definitions associated with different biological disciplines. 
Within evolutionary biology, this term has been used sporadically to refer to cases in which an evolved, and presumably adaptive, trait has suddenly become maladaptive, leading to the extinction of the species. 
Within behavioral and ecological sciences, evolutionary traps occur when rapid environmental change triggers organisms to make maladaptive behavioral decisions. While these traps may take place within any type of behavioral context (e.g. mate selection, navigation, nest-site selection), the most empirically and theoretically well-understood type of evolutionary trap is the ecological trap which represents maladaptive habitat selection behavior. 
Witherington demonstrates an interesting case of a "navigational trap". Over evolutionary time, hatchling sea turtles have evolved the tendency to migrate toward the light of the moon upon emerging from their sand nests. However, in the modern world, this has resulted in them tending to orient towards bright beach-front lighting, which is a more intense light source than the moon. As a result the hatchlings migrate up the beach and away from the ocean where they exhaust themselves, desiccate and die either as a result of exhaustion, dehydration or predation.
Habitat selection is an extremely important process in the lifespan of most organisms. That choice affects nearly all of an individual’s subsequent choices, so it may not be particularly surprising the type of evolutionary trap with the best empirical support is the ecological trap. Even so, traps may be relatively difficult to detect and so the lack of evidence for other types of evolutionary trap may be a result of the paucity of researchers looking for them coupled with the demanding evidence required to demonstrate their existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19154322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154322" title="Case Closed (season 2)">
Case Closed (season 2)

The second season of the "Case Closed" anime was directed by Kenji Kodama and produced by TMS Entertainment and Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation. The series is based on Gosho Aoyama's "Case Closed" manga series. In Japan, the series is titled but was changed due to legal issues with the title "Detective Conan". The episodes' plot continues Jimmy Kudo's life as a young child named Conan Edogawa. The episodes features a temporary return of Jimmy Kudo.
The season initially ran from August 19, 1996 through April 14, 1997 on Nippon Television Network System in Japan. Episodes twenty-nine to fifty-four were later collected into seven DVD compilations by Shogakukan and were released on February 24, 2006. The season licensed and dubbed by Funimation Entertainment. "Case Closed" was aired on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim programming block and on Canada's YTV station. Case closed aired until August 16, 2004, where it was dropped by Adult Swim due to low ratings. The English adaption was later collected and released on four DVD compilations. The English adaption of season two was later released in a DVD boxset by Funimation on September 30, 2008 containing episodes twenty-seven to fifty-two, twenty-six to fifty-one in the Japanese numbering. The season two DVD boxset Viridian edition is slated for release on September 15, 2009.
The episodes use nine pieces of theme music: three opening themes and two closing themes in the Japanese episodes and one opening theme and ending theme in the English ones. The first Japanese opening theme is by The High-Lows to episode thirty. The second opening theme is "Feel Your Heart" by Velvet Garden until episode fifty-two. It is followed by by Miho Komatsu. The first ending theme is by Heath until episode fifty-one. The remaining episodes use the ending theme by Keiko Utoko. The English opening theme is "Mune ga Doki Doki" with English lyrics and renamed "First New Century" by Carl Finch until episode fifty-four. It is followed by "Nazo" with English lyrics by Stephanie Nadolny for the rest of the episodes. The English ending theme is "Step by Step" with English lyrics by Carl Finch to episode fifty-two. It is later followed by "Hikari to Kage no Roman" with English lyrics also by Stephanie Nadolny.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19154326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154326" title="Second Chances (TV series)">
Second Chances (TV series)

Second Chances is an American television series created and written by producers Bernard Lechowick and Lynn Marie Latham. The series premiered December 2, 1993, on CBS. Its cast includes Jennifer Lopez, Connie Sellecca, Megan Follows, Michelle Phillips, and Matt Salinger. The two-hour pilot episode was directed by Sharron Miller.
The series last episode ran on February 10, 1994 as part of CBS's Crimetime After Primetime.
This show marked a reunion, however short-lived, between actors Ronny Cox and Frances Lee McCain, who last worked together on the series Apple's Way in the mid-1970s.
Produced a spin-off, Hotel Malibu.
Reception.
Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" rated the pilot episode a C- say that it "relies on too many verbal cliches and pat coincidences to promise much in the way of engrossing escapism". Tony Scott of "Variety" stated that the series "needs more riveting material" as the pilot episode "suffers from blatant, uninvolving characters, low-caliber plotting and subcommercial appeal".

</doc>
<doc id="19154329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154329" title="Land Down Under">
Land Down Under

Land Down Under may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19154335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154335" title="Shrek (album)">
Shrek (album)

Shrek is a 1994 album by Marc Ribot. It was recorded at Low Blood Studios in New York City and released on the Japanese Avant label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Sean Cooper awarded the album 3 stars stating "The group's debut shifts restlessly among animated jazz, rock, punk, and warped blues themes, filling the inevitable cracks with instrumental textures, minimal vignettes, and formless noise, similar in some respects to John Zorn's Naked City (though with considerably more focus...hell, with focus period!). The group is joined on three tracks by sampler collage artist David Shea. ".
Track listing.
All compositions are by Marc Ribot, except where otherwise indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19154348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154348" title="Skinny Bitchin'">
Skinny Bitchin'

Skinny Bitchin': A "Get Off Your Ass" Guide to Help You Change Your Life, Achieve Your Goals, and Rock Your World!" is the fourth book from Rory Freedman and Kim Barnouin.

</doc>
<doc id="19154354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154354" title="1949 Dutch Supercup">
1949 Dutch Supercup

The first Dutch Supercupmatch was held on 25 June 1949 in the Goffertstadion. The match featured the 1948–49 winners of the league title SVV, and, the winners of the 1948–49 KNVB Cup, Quick Nijmegen. Both goals were scored in the second half. The match was held because of the forty years existence of the Nijmegen section of the KNVB. There would not be another Dutch Supercup until 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19154373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154373" title="Petri Aho">
Petri Aho

Petri Aho plays rhythm guitar in the Finnish Power Metal band Altaria. He is heavily influenced by classical music and 1980s rock and this is demonstrated in his own music. He states that Whitesnake and Bon Jovi in particular as his primary sources of inspiration and he is an avid follower of fellow guitarist Steve Vai. He also states that he is very interested in a variety of sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19154375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154375" title="Champagne (disambiguation)">
Champagne (disambiguation)

Champagne is a sparkling wine from the Champagne region of France.
Champagne may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19154388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154388" title="Alan Landsman">
Alan Landsman

Alan Landsman is a straight-edge vocalist and musician mostly known within the South Florida hardcore scene for having fronted Target Nevada and Until the End as well as having been the bassist in Poison The Well during their rising to fame and release of The Opposite of December. He has also worked for Eulogy Recordings during the early 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="19154400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154400" title="Hotel Malibu">
Hotel Malibu

Hotel Malibu is an American television series that aired on CBS in 1994 that was created and written by producers Bernard Lechowick and Lynn Marie Latham. Its cast includes Jennifer Lopez, Joanna Cassidy, Harry Reilly, and John Dye. The pilot episode was directed by Sharron Miller. It was a spin-off of the show "Second Chances".
Premise.
The series centered around the Mayfield family who ran the Hotel Malibu in California.

</doc>
<doc id="19154404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154404" title="History of the Vancouver Canucks">
History of the Vancouver Canucks

The history of the Vancouver Canucks begins when the team joined the National Hockey League (NHL). Founded as an expansion team in 1970 along with the Buffalo Sabres, the Canucks were the first NHL team to be based in Vancouver. They adopted the name of the minor professional hockey team that had existed in Vancouver since 1945.
After initially struggling as an expansion team in the NHL, the Canucks won their first division title in 1975, then proceed to set a record for North American professional sports, with fifteen consecutive losing seasons. Led by captain Stan Smyl, the Canucks made their first Stanley Cup Finals appearance in 1982, losing in four straight games to the New York Islanders. After acquiring several key players, including Trevor Linden, Pavel Bure and Kirk McLean, they won consecutive division titles in 1992 and 1993. The Canucks made a second appearance in the Stanley Cup Final in 1994, losing in the seventh and deciding game to the New York Rangers. Returning to several years of mediocre play in the late 1990s, the team improved under the leadership of captain Markus Naslund in the early part of the 21st century.
Hockey background in Vancouver.
Vancouver became home to a professional ice hockey team for the first time in 1911 when Patrick brothers Frank and Lester established the Vancouver Millionaires, one of three teams in the new Pacific Coast Hockey Association. To accommodate the Millionaires, the Patrick brothers directed the building of the Denman Arena, which was known at the time as the world's largest artificial ice rink (it burned down in 1936). The Millionaires played for the Stanley Cup five times, winning over the Ottawa Senators in 1915 on home ice. It marked the first time the Stanley Cup was won to a west coast team in the trophy's history.
After the Millionaires disbanded following the 1925–26 season, Vancouver was home to only minor league teams for many years. Most notably, the present-day Canucks' minor league predecessor (also known as the Vancouver Canucks), played from 1945 to 1970 in the Pacific Coast Hockey League and Western Hockey League.
Team history.
1967–1970: NHL application.
With the intention of attracting an NHL franchise, Vancouver began the construction of a new modern arena, the Pacific Coliseum, in 1967. The WHL's Canucks were playing in a small indoor arena at the time, the Vancouver Forum, situated on the same Pacific National Exhibition grounds as the Coliseum. Meanwhile, a Vancouver group led by WHL Canucks owner and former Vancouver mayor Fred Hume made a bid to be one of the six teams due to join the league in 1967, but the NHL rejected their application. Bid leader Cyril McLean called the denial a "cooked-up deal", referring to several biases that factored against them. Speculation long abounded afterwards that the bid was hindered by Toronto Maple Leafs president Stafford Smythe; after a failed Vancouver-based business deal, he was quoted as saying that the city would not get a NHL franchise in his lifetime. Additionally, along with the Montreal Canadiens, Smythe purportedly did not wish to split Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) hockey revenues three ways rather than two. There were reports at the time, however, that the group had made a very weak proposal in expectation that Vancouver was a lock for one of the new franchises.
Less than a year later, the Oakland Seals were in financial difficulty and having trouble drawing fans. An apparent deal was in place to move the team to Vancouver, but the NHL did not want to see one of their franchises from the expansion of 1967 move so quickly and killed the deal. In exchange for avoiding a lawsuit, the NHL promised Vancouver would get a team in the next expansion. Another group, headed by Minnesota entrepreneur Tom Scallen, made a new presentation, and was awarded an expansion franchise for the price of $6 million (three times the cost in 1967). The new ownership group purchased the WHL Canucks, and joined the league along with the Buffalo Sabres for the 1970–71 season.
1970–82: Early years.
To fill the Canucks' roster for their inaugural season, the league held an Expansion Draft in the preceding summer. A draft lottery was held on June 9, 1970, determining who between the Canucks and Sabres would get the first selection in the Expansion Draft, as well as the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft; the Sabres won both spins. With his first selection in the Expansion Draft, Canucks general manager Bud Poile chose defenceman Gary Doak. Among the other players chosen by Vancouver were centre Orland Kurtenbach, who was named the Canucks' first-ever captain, as well as defenceman Pat Quinn, who later became the team's general manager and coach in the 1990s. Two days later, on June 11, 1970, the Canucks made defenceman Dale Tallon their first-ever Amateur Draft selection. Tallon played three seasons with the club before being traded away to the Chicago Black Hawks. By comparison, the Sabres chose center Gilbert Perrault with the first overall selection they won from the lottery; Perrault went on to become a nine-time All-Star and member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
With the Canucks' roster set, the team played its inaugural game against the Los Angeles Kings on October 9, 1970. They lost the contest 3–1; defenceman Barry Wilkins scored the Canucks' lone goal in the game and first in franchise history, a backhander against goaltender Denis DeJordy. Two days later, the squad recorded the first win in franchise history, a 5–3 victory over the Toronto Maple Leafs.
The Canucks struggled in their early years, failing to make the playoffs in their first four seasons. Placed in the competitive East Division, Poile assembled a core of players during this period led by Kurtenbach that included defencemen Tallon and Jocelyn Guevremont, as well as wingers Andre Boudrias and Dennis Ververgaert. Boudrias emerged as the team's leading point-scorer in four of their first five seasons.
Prior to the 1974–75 season, Scallen and his ownership group from Minnesota sold the team to local media mogul Frank Griffiths for $9 million. Also in the summer of 1974, the Canucks were re-aligned within the league and placed in the new Smythe Division. They responded with their first winning record (38 wins, 32 losses and 10 ties), finishing first in the division with 86 points. Making their debut in the Stanley Cup playoffs, the Canucks lost the opening series of the 1975 post-season in five games to the Montreal Canadiens. Head coach and general manager Phil Maloney (the third GM in team history after Poile and Hal Laycoe) recalled the importance of a successful season for the Canucks in that year specifically, as the rival league World Hockey Association had established another major professional team in the city – the Vancouver Blazers. Competing for the same hockey market, the Canucks emerged over the Blazers as the latter relocated to Calgary, Alberta, the following season. The Canucks posted a second consecutive winning record and made the playoffs in 1975–76, but lost to the New York Islanders in a two-game preliminary series.
The Canucks missed the playoffs in the two seasons thereafter. Meanwhile, Kurtenbach had since retired and assumed a coaching position with Vancouver. His departure as a player marked the beginning of a seven-year period in which the Canucks had four different captains – Boudrias, Chris Oddleifson, Don Lever and Kevin McCarthy. Following their post-season loss to the Islanders in 1976, Vancouver did not have another winning season for sixteen years, though they made the playoffs nine times in that span. Following the 1976–77 season, Maloney was replaced as general manager by Jake Milford, who acquired such players as Stan Smyl, Thomas Gradin and Richard Brodeur – a core that would lead the team throughout the 1980s.
1982 Stanley Cup run.
The Canucks made their first significant playoff impact in the post-season of 1982. In their previous five playoff appearances, the team had failed to win a single series. Though the Canucks finished three games under a .500 win percentage in the 1981–82 regular season, they began gaining momentum by finishing the campaign on a nine-game unbeaten streak. Meanwhile, Smyl emerged as the club's leader, replacing McCarthy as captain after the latter was sidelined with an injury late in the season (he would retain that position for a team-record eight years). Continuing their success in the playoffs, the Canucks made the Stanley Cup Finals with a combined 11–2 record in series against the Calgary Flames, Los Angeles Kings, and Chicago Black Hawks. Despite having a losing regular season record, Vancouver had home ice advantage in the first series, having finished second in the Smythe Division to the Edmonton Oilers. The Canucks also had home ice advantage during the second round series against the Kings, who upset the Oilers in the first round.
During the Conference Finals against the Black Hawks, Vancouver interim coach Roger Neilson, frustrated with what he felt was the poor officiating in the game, placed a white towel on the end of a hockey stick and held it up in a gesture mocking surrender (waving the white flag). The players on the Canucks' bench followed suit. At the next game, the team's fans cheered their team on by waving white towels above their heads. The habit stuck, becoming an original Canuck fan tradition now seen across the league and in other sports, known as Towel Power. The Canucks proceeded to win the series, making it to the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time in their history. 
Entering the Finals against the New York Islanders, the Canucks were the first team from Western Canada to play for the Stanley Cup in 56 years, when the Victoria Cougars reached the 1926 Stanley Cup Finals. It also marked the first ever coast-to-coast Stanley Cup Finals. Competing against the Islanders – the Stanley Cup champions of the previous two years who had finished with 41 points more than Vancouver in the regular season standings – Vancouver took the first game to overtime. In the final minute of the extra period, Canucks defenceman and fan favourite Harold Snepsts gave the puck away with an errand pass from behind his net, leading to a Mike Bossy goal. The Canucks were unable to complete their Cinderella run and were swept, losing their next three games by 6–4, 3–0 and 3–1 scores. The 1982 playoffs proved to be the last year in which Vancouver won a playoff series until 1992.
1982–94: Decline and resurgence.
After their improbable Stanley Cup run, the Canucks slipped back into mediocrity for the rest of the 1980s, making the playoffs only four times for the rest of the decade. Notable players that joined the Canucks' core following the 1982 playoffs included offensively-skilled forwards Patrik Sundstrom and Tony Tanti. Beginning in 1983–84, the Canucks' scoring title was held by either Sundstrom or Tanti for four of the next five seasons. For most of the second half of the 1980s, the Canucks competed with the Los Angeles Kings for the final playoff spot in the Smythe Division. The years in which they qualified, the team was eliminated by the Edmonton Oilers (in ) or the Calgary Flames (in , and 1989), both division rivals.
Following Milford's tenure as general manager from 1977 to 1982, the position was held by Harry Neale for three years, then Jack Gordon for two. The latter was responsible for trading away power forward Cam Neely to the Boston Bruins in 1986. Neely went on to have a Hall of Fame career with the Bruins, recording three 50-goal seasons. In return, the Canucks acquired centre Barry Pederson and a first-round draft selection in 1987. While Pederson collected back-to-back 70-point seasons with the Canucks in his first two seasons after the trade, he was traded away to the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1989 as his performance quickly declined.
After the installation of former Canucks defenceman Pat Quinn as general manager in the summer of 1987, the team underwent an immediate rebuilding process, trading away core veterans for younger prospects and players. Among the more key transactions was a deal with the New Jersey Devils, in which Sundstrom was traded away in exchange for winger Greg Adams and goaltender Kirk McLean. In addition to Quinn's trades, the team improved through the draft route with two selections, in particular. With the second overall selection in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft, the Canucks chose winger Trevor Linden from the Western Hockey League. The following year, the team made a controversial selection by choosing Russian winger Pavel Bure 113th overall. Bure was believed by most teams to be ineligible for selection that year. Consequently, his draft by the Canucks took a year to be verified by the league as team management went about procuring documents to prove his eligibility.
As the decade turned, a shift in the Canucks' leadership occurred as Stan Smyl resigned his captaincy prior to the 1990–91 season due to a reduced on-ice role with the team. In his place, the Canucks implemented a rotating captaincy of Linden, Dan Quinn and Doug Lidster; of the three Linden retained the captaincy thereafter, becoming the youngest permanent captain in team history at 21 years old. At the end of the season, Smyl retired as the team's all-time leader in games played, goals, assists and points. Led by Linden and in large part to Quinn's dealings, the Canucks rose to prominence in the early 1990s. This increased success came roughly around the time the Oilers and Flames began to sink in the standings. As a result, Vancouver won their first division title in 17 years with 42 wins, 26 losses and 12 ties during the 1991–92 season. During the campaign, the Canucks honoured Smyl, who had remained the team as an assistant coach, by making him the first player in team history to have his jersey (number 12) retired. In the 1992 playoffs, the Canucks won their first series since 1982 before being eliminated by the Oilers in the second round. Quinn and Bure became the first Canucks recipients of major NHL awards in the off-season, being awarded the Jack Adams Award as the best coach (Quinn assumed a dual coaching and general managerial role starting that year) and the top rookie in the league, respectively. The following year, the Canucks repeated as regular season division champions, while Bure emerged as arguably the team's first superstar with his first of back-to-back 60-goal seasons, totals which remain the highest recorded in Canucks history.
1994 Stanley Cup run.
In , the Canucks made their second trip to the Stanley Cup finals, entering the playoffs as the seventh seed in the renamed Western Conference. Despite underachieving in the regular season (their points total decreased by 16 from the previous year), the Canucks played well in the playoffs and embarked on another unexpected run.
Opening the playoffs with a close first-round series against the Calgary Flames, Vancouver rallied from a three-games-to-one deficit to win the series in seven contests. Games 5 through 7 were all won in overtime with goals from Geoff Courtnall, Trevor Linden and Pavel Bure. The deciding seventh game featured two of the most recognizable and celebrated plays in Canucks history. With the game tied 3–3 in the first overtime, goaltender Kirk McLean made what became known thereafter as "The Save", sliding across the crease feet-first and stacking his pads on the goal line to stop Robert Reichel on a one-timer pass from Theoren Fleury. The following period, Pavel Bure received a breakaway pass from defenceman Jeff Brown before deking Calgary goaltender Mike Vernon to score and win the series. Fifteen years later, Bure's goal and McLean's save were ranked first and second in a "Vancouver Sun" article listing the "40 most memorable moments in team history."
Following their victory over the Flames, the Canucks then went on to defeat both the Dallas Stars and Toronto Maple Leafs (both in five games) en route to the franchise's second Stanley Cup Finals appearance. Forward Greg Adams sent the Canucks into the Finals with a double-overtime goal against Maple Leafs goaltender Felix Potvin in Game 5. Staging the second coast-to-coast Finals in league history, the Canucks were matched against the Presidents' Trophy-winning New York Rangers. Vancouver achieved victory in game one by a score of 3–2 in overtime, largely due to a 52-save performance by goaltender McLean. After losing games two, three and four, the Canucks won the next two to force a seventh game at Madison Square Garden on June 14, 1994. Despite a two-goal effort (one on a shorthanded breakaway) from Linden (who was playing with cracked ribs), Vancouver lost the game by a 3–2 score. The Canucks' efforts to tie the game included a post hit by forward Nathan LaFayette with just over a minute remaining in regulation. The loss was followed by a riot in Downtown Vancouver, which resulted in property damage, injuries, and arrests. Two days after the riots, the team held a rally at BC Place attended by 45,000 fans, who congratulated the team for their effort.
1994–2001.
With a young core that included Linden, Bure and McLean still in their twenties after the 1994 playoffs, the Canucks appeared poised to remain contenders in the league. However, the team failed to record a winning season in the six years following their Stanley Cup Finals appearance. Prior to the lockout-shortened 1994–95 season, Quinn stepped down as head coach to focus on his managerial duties and was replaced by Rick Ley; Vancouver finished with a .500 record that year. Their elimination from the 1995 Stanley Cup playoffs in Game 4 of the second round marked the Canucks' last game played at the Pacific Coliseum, as the team moved into the General Motors Place (since renamed Rogers Arena), a new $160 million arena situated in Downtown Vancouver, the following season.
The Canucks made another significant move in the off-season by acquiring high-scoring Russian forward Alexander Mogilny from the Buffalo Sabres, reuniting Bure with his former CSKA Moscow and national team linemate. While Mogilny became the second player in team history to record 50 goals and 100 points in a season, the expected chemistry between him and Bure never materialized as the latter suffered a season-ending knee injury early in the campaign. Vancouver finished 1995–96 two games below .500 and were defeated in the first round of the playoffs by the Colorado Avalanche. The season also marked the arrival of another future Canucks superstar, as Markus Naslund was acquired from the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for Alek Stojanov. The deal is regarded as one of the most lopsided trades in NHL history as Stojanov soon became a minor-leaguer, while Naslund became the team's all-time leading goal- and point-scorer years later.
In the 1996 off-season. Ley was replaced by Tom Renney, who lasted for less than two seasons. Despite strong performances from Mogilny and team-leading point-scorer Martin Gelinas in Bure and Linden's absence (both of whom were injured for long periods of time during the season), the Canucks missed the playoffs for the first of four consecutive seasons that year. Making another high-profile acquisition in July 1997, the Canucks signed free agent Mark Messier to a three-year deal. They had come close to signing Wayne Gretzky the previous summer, but were reportedly spurned away when they refused to continue negotiations and gave Gretzky an ultimatum to sign.
Heading into the 1997–98 season, Linden resigned his captaincy for Messier, who had developed a strong reputation as a leader, having captained the Rangers over the Canucks in 1994 (he also captained the Oilers to a Stanley Cup in 1990). Linden later recalled regretting the decision, feeling that Messier generated hostility and tension in the dressing room. As the team's performance continued to worsen, starting the 1997–98 season with three wins in the first sixteen games, Quinn was fired as general manager after ten years with the team. Soon thereafter, Renney was fired and replaced as coach by Mike Keenan, reuniting the two figures from the Rangers' 1994 team. Keenan's hiring reportedly exacerbated tensions between groups of Canucks players and his negative relationship with Linden was given much media attention. Two months into his tenure with the team, his role was expanded and he was made de facto general manager. With control of player personnel, Keenan overhauled the roster, making 10 trades within two months, most notably dealing Linden to the New York Islanders. Although the trade was unpopular with fans, the Canucks received winger Todd Bertuzzi in return, who would later become an integral part of the team's return to success in the next decade. After the Canucks finished the 1997–98 season last in the Western Conference, former NHL vice president Brian Burke was named general manager in the summer.
Suffering their worst season since 1977–78 the subsequent year, Keenan was fired midway through and replaced with Marc Crawford (who had won the Stanley Cup with the Colorado Avalanche in 1996). Meanwhile, Pavel Bure, unhappy in Vancouver, had withheld himself from the team and requested a trade at the beginning of the campaign. By January 1999, he was dealt to the Florida Panthers in a seven-player trade that also involved two draft picks. Finishing last in the Western Conference for a second straight year, Vancouver possessed the fourth overall pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. Set on drafting highly touted Swedish forwards Daniel and Henrik Sedin, Burke orchestrated several transactions to move up to the second and third overall picks, with which he chose both players.
The Canucks began to show improvement in the 1999–2000 season, finishing four points out of a playoff spot. During the campaign, Mogilny was traded to the New Jersey Devils for forwards Denis Pederson and Brendan Morrison. With Bure gone and Messier in the last year of his contract, several previously under-achieving players began developing into key contributors for the team, most notably Naslund and Bertuzzi. In the off-season, Messier left the team and returned to the Rangers; during the team's September 2000 training camp, held in Sweden, Naslund was selected to replace Messier as captain, a position he held for eight years, tying Smyl's record. As part of the team's stay in Sweden, they played exhibition games against Swedish and Finnish teams as part of the NHL Challenge.
2001–05: "West Coast Express" years.
Under the leadership of general manager Burke and coach Crawford, the Canucks once again became a playoff team. After qualifying for the post-season in 2001 and 2002 as the eighth and final seed in the Western Conference (losing to the eventual Stanley Cup winners Colorado Avalanche and Detroit Red Wings, respectively), the Canucks became regular contenders for the Northwest Division title.
Coinciding with the team's success in the early 2000s was the rise of captain Markus Naslund and power forward Todd Bertuzzi into high-scoring wingers and NHL All-Stars. Joined by center Brendan Morrison during the 2001–02 season, the trio were nicknamed the "West Coast Express" (after the Vancouver rail service of the same name) among Canucks fans and media. Over the next three years, Naslund ranked in the top five among league scorers and was a Lester B. Pearson Award winner and Hart Memorial Trophy finalist in 2003. Bertuzzi was also a top-five scorer in the league in 2001–02 and 2002–03. During this span, Burke made a trade with the Washington Capitals to facilitate the return of Trevor Linden. The ex-captain returned to a markedly different Canucks team with a young core consisting of the aforementioned trio, defencemen Ed Jovanovski and Mattias Ohlund, as well as goaltender Dan Cloutier.
In 2002–03, the Canucks lost the division title to the Colorado Avalanche on the last day of the regular season. Individually, Naslund was surpassed the same night by Avalanche forwards Peter Forsberg and Milan Hejduk for the Maurice Richard and Art Ross Trophies, respectively. Entering the 2003 playoffs with the fourth seed in the West, the Canucks won their first playoff series in eight years, defeating the St. Louis Blues in seven games before losing to the Minnesota Wild in the second round.
Amidst a run for the team's first Northwest Division title the following season, the Canucks received significant media attention for their involvement in a violent on-ice attack during a game against the Avalanche. On March 8, 2004, Bertuzzi grabbed Avalanche forward Steve Moore from behind and punched him the head. As Moore fell to the ice, Bertuzzi landed on top of him; Moore suffered three fractured neck vertebrae, facial cuts and a concussion. Bertuzzi's actions were in retaliation of a hit that Moore landed on Naslund during a previous game between the two teams. For his actions, Bertuzzi was suspended by the NHL and International Ice Hockey Federation through to the start of the 2005–06 season. He also faced legal action in British Columbia court, while Moore filed lawsuits against him and the Canucks organization in Colorado and Ontario courts.
The Canucks went on to win their first Northwest Division title that season, but lost in the first round of the 2004 playoffs to the Calgary Flames. After their elimination, Burke's contract as general manager was not renewed and he was replaced by assistant general manager and director of hockey operations Dave Nonis. At 37 years old, he was the youngest general manager in team history. Due to the NHL lockout, the 2004–05 season was not played. Several Canucks players went overseas to Europe to play professionally, such as Naslund and the Sedins, who all returned to their former Swedish team, Modo Hockey.
2005–10: Post-lockout.
Upon the resolution of the labour dispute between NHL players and owners, new gameplay rules were set in place for the 2005–06 season that were supposed to benefit skilled players and generate more scoring. As the Canucks' basis of success in previous seasons was built on playing a fast-paced, high-scoring style of play, expectations for the team were high going into the season. However, the team failed to qualify for the playoffs, completing the regular season ninth place in the West. The first line of Naslund, Bertuzzi and Morrison suffered offensively, as all three players recorded decreased points totals. Head coach Marc Crawford later recalled the campaign as a turning point for the team's offensive leadership as the Sedin twins began their rise to stardom, matching the top line's production. Crawford was fired in the off-season and replaced with Alain Vigneault, who had been coach of the team's American Hockey League affiliate, the Manitoba Moose. Three days after Vigneault's hiring, Nonis dealt Bertuzzi to the Florida Panthers, ending the "West Coast Express" era. In return, the Canucks received All-Star goaltender Roberto Luongo as part of a six-player trade. With the acquisition of Luongo, Cloutier was traded away to the Los Angeles Kings.
With widespread changes to team personnel in 2006–07, the Canucks won the Northwest Division title for the second time in three seasons. In his first season with the Canucks, Luongo was nominated for the Hart Memorial and Vezina Trophies. He also tied Bernie Parent for the second-most wins in a single-season by an NHL goaltender with 47. The Canucks opened the 2007 playoffs with a quadruple-overtime win against the Dallas Stars. Ending at the 138-minute mark, the game was the longest in club history and the sixth-longest in league history. The Canucks also set a league record for shots against in one game, allowing 76. Vancouver won the series in seven games despite a lack of goal-scoring; Stars goalie Marty Turco recorded three shutouts in the series, becoming the only goalie to achieve the feat and still lose a series. Advancing to the second round, the team was defeated by the Anaheim Ducks, who went on to win the Stanley Cup that year, in five games. Following the playoffs, coach Vigneault received the Jack Adams Award.
Suffering numerous injuries to players in the 2007–08 season, the Canucks struggled and finished three points out of a playoff spot. The final game of the season, a 7–1 loss to the Calgary Flames, marked Trevor Linden's last NHL game, as the former Canucks' all-time leading scorer retired. Having missed the playoffs for the second time in three years, the team underwent numerous personnel changes in the off-season. After Nonis was fired and replaced with former player agent Mike Gillis in April 2008, longtime Canucks captain Markus Naslund, as well as Brendan Morrison, were let go via free agency. Also in the off-season, on May 29, 2008, the Canucks lost defensive prospect Luc Bourdon to a motorcycle crash near his hometown of Shippagan, New Brunswick.
With Naslund's departure, Gillis announced on September 30, 2008, that Luongo had been named team captain, marking the first time since Bill Durnan of the Montreal Canadiens in 1947 that a goaltender that a goaltender had been named the captain of their NHL team. During the ensuing season, the Canucks retired their second jersey number in team history, hanging Linden's number 16 beside Smyl's number 12 in a pre-game ceremony on December 17, 2008. Later that month, the Canucks acquired unrestricted free agent Mats Sundin. The arrival of the former Toronto Maple Leafs captain and 500-goal scorer in the NHL came with expectations. However, Sundin scored at a pace below his usual pace and retired in the off-season. The team finished the regular season with another Northwest Division title and the third seed in the Western Conference. In the 2009 playoffs, the Canucks swept their first round series against the St. Louis Blues (the first four-game sweep in franchise history), but were defeated in six games by the Chicago Blackhawks in the second round.
In the 2009–10 season, the Canucks faced the longest road trip in NHL history, with 14 games over 6 weeks, from January 27 to March 13, 2010. The scheduling was a result of Vancouver hosting the 2010 Winter Olympics, which shut down the NHL for 2 weeks, facilitating GM Place's use for ice hockey during the games. It marked the first time that an NHL market hosted an Olympics since the league allowed its players to compete in the games, beginning with the 1998 Games in Nagano. Among the several Canucks players named to their respective national teams, center Ryan Kesler of the United States and goaltender Roberto Luongo of Canada played against each other in the gold medal game; Luongo and Team Canada emerged with the win.
As the NHL season resumed, Henrik Sedin went on to become the first Canucks player to win the Art Ross and Hart Memorial Trophies as the league's leading scorer and most valuable player, respectively. He achieved the feat with a franchise record 112 points, surpassing Bure's mark of 110 set in 1991–92. Vancouver won the Northwest Division title and finished third in the Western Conference for the second straight year. They opened the playoffs by defeating the sixth-place Los Angeles Kings in six games, but were once again eliminated by Chicago, who went on to win the Stanley Cup that year, the following round in six games.
2010–2011: 40th anniversary season.
The 2010–11 season began on October 9, 2010, with a pre-game ceremony to commemorate the team's 40-year anniversary. Henrik Sedin was officially named in the ceremony as the team's new captain, replacing Luongo who had relinquished his captaincy in the off-season. The Canucks played the Los Angeles Kings, their first opponent in their inaugural season in 1970; both teams wore their original uniforms used in the Canucks' inaugural game. Throughout the season, the Canucks continued to celebrate their 40th anniversary with the creation of the "Ring of Honour", a permanent in-arena display commemorating their most significant players from past years. Four players were inducted during the campaign – Orland Kurtenbach, Kirk McLean, Thomas Gradin and Harold Snepsts. In December 2010, the Canucks also honoured Markus Naslund by retiring his number 19 jersey. Naslund had retired two years after leaving the Canucks in 2008.
During the second half of the campaign, the Canucks were in a battles for the Western Conference and Presidents' Trophy titles with the Detroit Red Wings and Philadelphia Flyers, respectively, widening the gap as the season progressed. On March 29, 2011, the Canucks clinched first place in the West for the first time in team history. Two days later, they accomplished another first by securing the Presidents' Trophy. Finishing with 54 wins and 117 points, the 2010–11 team broke the previous records in both categories by significant margins. Individually, numerous Canucks players had career years. Daniel Sedin won the Art Ross Trophy with a league-leading 104 points, marking the first time in NHL history that two brothers won the award in back-to-back years. Meanwhile, Ryan Kesler tied Daniel for the team goal-scoring lead with 41 goals. In goal, Roberto Luongo and rookie backup Cory Schneider captured the William M. Jennings Trophy for recording the lowest team goals against average in the NHL.
2011 Stanley Cup run.
Entering the 2011 Stanley Cup playoffs, the Canucks were paired with the eighth-seeded and defending Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks, who had eliminated Vancouver in the previous two years. While Vancouver initially took a 3–0 lead in the series, Chicago came back to also win three straight games and force the series into a game seven. Luongo, who had a history of struggling against the Blackhawks, was pulled in Games 4 and 5; he also began Game 6 on the bench in favour of Cory Schneider before returning as the starter in Game 7. In the deciding game, Vancouver held a 1–0 lead with less than two minutes remaining in regulation when they gave up a shorthanded goal to Chicago captain Jonathan Toews. Forced into overtime, winger Alexandre Burrows scored his second goal of the game following a failed clearing attempt by Chicago defenceman Chris Campoli to win the series.
In the Conference Semifinals, the Canucks faced the defensive-minded Nashville Predators, led by goaltender Pekka Rinne. Of the 14 goals Vancouver scored in the low-scoring series, Canucks center Ryan Kesler registered a point in 11 of them, helping the Canucks defeat the Predators in six games. Facing the San Jose Sharks in the Conference Finals, captain Henrik Sedin led the Canucks with 12 points in the five-game series. Vancouver defeated San Jose four-games-to-one with a double-overtime winner from defenceman Kevin Bieksa in the fifth game.
Advancing to the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time since 1994. the Canucks opened the fourth round against the Boston Bruins with a 1–0 win in Game 1. Winger Raffi Torres scored the winning goal with 18.5 seconds remaining. The following game, the Canucks won 3–2 in overtime with Burrows scoring the winner 11 seconds into the extra frame, making it the second fastest overtime goal in Stanley Cup Finals history. As the series shifted from Rogers Arena to TD Garden for Games 3 and 4, Boston tied the series with 8–1 and 4–0 victories. Game 3 marked the highest score by one team in a Finals game since the Avalanche defeated the Panthers in 1996. During the contest, the Bruins lost first-line forward Nathan Horton for the remainder of the series when he suffered a serious concussion from a late hit by Canucks defenceman Aaron Rome, who received a four-game suspension as a result. Returning to Vancouver for Game 5, the Canucks won 1–0 with a goal from late-season acquisition Maxim Lapierre in the third period. With an opportunity to win the Stanley Cup in Boston, Vancouver lost Game 6 by a 5–2 score. The Bruins' first four goals occurred in a span of 4 minutes and 14 seconds during the first period, setting a Finals record for the fastest four goals scored by a team (surpassing the previous mark of 5 minutes and 29 seconds set by the Montreal Canadiens in 1956). In game 7 the Canucks were shutout by the Bruins 4–0. Which give the Bruins their 1st Stanley cup in 39 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19154416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154416" title="Gerald Champion Regional Medical Center">
Gerald Champion Regional Medical Center

Gerald Champion Regional Medical Center is a general hospital, owned and operated by the non-profit Otero County Hospital Association, that serves the Alamogordo, New Mexico area. It is the first military/civilian shared hospital facility in the United States.
GCRMC is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.
It opened in 1949, and in 2008 it was the largest non-governmental employer in Alamogordo, with 650 employees.
Services.
Shared military and civilian facility.
With the opening of its new facility in 1999, GCRMC became the first hospital in the United States shared by active-duty military personnel and civilians.
Air Force physicians from Holloman Air Force Base are credentialed at the hospital to admit and treat Department of Defense beneficiaries.
The Air Force contributed $7 million for equipment for the new hospital in 1998 and DoD patients will get substantial discounts at the hospital for 15 years, with a guaranteed recovery of $7 million within the first seven years.
Medical services.
The hospital is a Level III trauma center.
It has 99 beds
on a campus and facilities for MRI, CAT scan, dialysis, and sleep disorder studies, and has a medical laboratory on site.
A Southwest Med Evac air ambulance helicopter, stationed full-time at the hospital, is used to transport patients from the mountain areas to GCRMC, and to transport patients from GCRMC to hospitals in El Paso, Las Cruces, and Albuquerque.
The hospital hosts an American Cancer Society Cancer Resource Center at 1212 9th Street in Alamogordo. The Cancer Resource Center provides free of charge: litertaure, support groups, prostheses, wigs, and hats for cancer patients and cancer survivors. For more information go to visit www.cancer.org.
Catering.
The hospital's food and nutrition services department operates a catering service, Mountain View Catering, that caters both on-site and off-site events and provides food service at the nearby New Mexico State University Alamogordo campus. It has been so successful that 60% of the department's revenue comes from outside the hospital.
History.
Founding and early years.
The Otero County Hospital Association was formed in 1946 to build a basic county hospital.
Gerald Champion Memorial Hospital was built at the corner of Tenth Street and Cuba Avenue in Alamogordo and was dedicated on Sunday, July 31, 1949
and officially opened for business on Tuesday, August 2, with 24 beds. A number of additions and renovations were made to the facility over the years.
The hospital is named after Gerald D. Champion, a local businessman and civic leader who was chairman of the Otero County Hospital Association during the fund drive for the first building.
Champion died in a private airplane crash on February 3, 1948, during the fund drive.
In addition to chairing the fund drive, Champion was mayor of Tularosa, operated hardware and building supply stores in Alamogordo and in Tularosa, was chairman of the Central Committee of the state Republican Party, and was active in many civic groups.
Transition to regional medical center.
The hospital moved to a new building on Scenic Drive near the New Mexico State University Alamogordo campus in 1999,
and changed its name to Gerald Champion Regional Medical Center.
The original building remained vacant for several years and when no use could be found for it was torn down in 2003.
The new building was constructed at at a construction cost of $25,841,000. It won "Building Design & Construction" magazine's Grand Award: Institutional in 2000. The program manager was American Health Facilities Development (a subsidiary of Quorum Health Resources), the architects were Collins Reisenbichler Architects (since merged with Perkins and Will), and the general contractor was Robins & Morton.
GCRMC celebrated its 60th anniversary on August 22, 2009 with the opening of a renovated entryway and a new obstetrics unit.

</doc>
<doc id="19154428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154428" title="The Bostonian Society">
The Bostonian Society

The Bostonian Society is a non-profit organization that was founded in 1881 for the purpose of preventing the Old State House (built in 1713) from being "moved brick by brick" from Boston, Massachusetts to Chicago, Illinois. Determined to save the historic building that was the site of the Boston Massacre and the place for the proclamation of the Declaration of Independence in Massachusetts, a group of citizens banded together formed "Boston's first successful historic preservation movement."
Now stewardship of the Old State House—"one of the most important public buildings in U.S. history" and the oldest surviving public building in Boston—is the society's primary purpose. Today the 18th century building stands above the underground State Street MBTA Station in a busy area of Boston situated between Downtown Crossing and South Station. According to a 2008 press release, the mission of the Bostonian Society is:
...to strengthen the fabric of civil society by building meaningful connections to Boston and all Bostonians—past, present, and future—through the creative use of public history. Serving a city with a rich historical legacy, the Society illuminates all aspects of Boston’s history, the contributions of its citizens, and the strength and continuity of its diverse neighborhoods.
The city of Boston still owns the structure, and major maintenance is the responsibility of the National Park Service, but day-to-day management of the site is in the hands of the Bostonian Society, which maintains a museum in the building and a research library across the street. Materials in the collection date back to 1630s Massachusetts Bay Colony and include 7,500 books, 350 maps, 30,000 photographs, and other primary source materials. Exhibits at the museum focus on the American Revolution and the American Revolutionary War, the neighborhoods of Boston, and similar local themes. Some of the artifacts on display on the walls and in glass cases are antique rifles and other weapons, old nautical instruments from the Age of Sail, images from 18th century London newspapers expressing how Britons viewed the war, and an original Paul Revere political cartoon that was passed down through the family of Josiah Quincy until it was donated it to the Bostonian Society in the 1880s. There is also a model showing what Boston looked like during Colonial America.
According to the Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau, "The Bostonian Society is the first stop for anyone interested in the city's history" and "the Society brings Boston history to life." The Bostonian Society has various programs and educational resources for children and adults and has been called "a comprehensive historical and educational resource." The Society oversees a historic marker program across the city of Boston and runs a teacher training program called "Teaching Boston History Workshops" bringing together leading experts on various subjects, community-based organizations, teachers and museum educators, and the Society's "unequalled collections of primary sources". The Society also makes the Old State House available for various events from private weddings to public concerts.
The Bostonian Society operates two gift shops: The Bostonian Society Museum Shop in Faneuil Hall and, close by, The Bostonian Society Museum Shop at Quincy Market. These shops specialize in books (especially children's books) and gifts related to Boston History including the sale of "Boston Tea Party" premium blend tea and antique reproduction teapots.

</doc>
<doc id="19154508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154508" title="Pheia (Elis)">
Pheia (Elis)

Pheia (, also Φειαί - "Pheiai") was a small town and a port in Elis in the ancient country of Pisatis. It was built in a natural bay at today's Agios Andreas, Katakolo. It was destroyed in the 6th century. It was located on the isthmus connecting the cape of Katakolo with the mainland, near the river Iardanus. During the Peloponnesian War, the Athenians conquered the small town and used its ports as their base for military operations in Elis. In the location of the acropolis, a castle was built in the Middle Ages which survives today, known as "Pontikokastro".
The first excavations were made in 1911. In 1973 the Hellenic Institute of Marine Archaeology made a survey in the bay of Agios Andreas near Katakolo, and found the remains of the town at a depth of 5 m below sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19154530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154530" title="Zeledeyeva River">
Zeledeyeva River

The Zeledeyeva River is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia. Its source is in the Byrranga Mountains.
It flows across desolate tundra regions into the Kara Sea. 
The Zeledeyeva River freezes up in late September—early October and stays under the ice until June.
History.
In 1922, while leading a geological expedition, Nikolay Urvantsev came across a small hut made of drift-wood, 2 km away from the estuary of the Zeledeyeva River. He and his party found there the lost mail of Roald Amundsen's 1919 Arctic expedition trusted to crew members Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen. The mail and scientific data that the two ill-fated Norwegians had been carrying was lying abandoned on the Kara Sea shore strewn about by the bears.
This river is now within the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve, the largest nature reserve of Russia and one of the biggest in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19154614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154614" title="The Age of Reptiles">
The Age of Reptiles

The Age of Reptiles is a 110-foot mural depicting the period of ancient history when reptiles were the dominant creatures on the earth, painted by Rudolph Franz Zallinger. The fresco sits in the Yale Peabody Museum in New Haven, Connecticut, and was completed in 1947 after three years of work. "The Age of Reptiles" was at one time the largest painting in the world, and depicts a span of nearly 350 million years in Earth's history.
Painted in the Renaissance fresco secco technique, "The Age of Reptiles" showcases the contemporary view of dinosaurs as slow, sluggish creatures (a view that has been gradually replaced by more active dinosaurs.) Zallinger received the Addison Emery Verrill medal in 1980 for the mural.
Background.
Zallinger was an art student who in the early 1940s had been painting seaweed drawings for the Peabody museum. Dr. Albert E. Parr, then director of the Peabody Museum, had been unhappy with the appearance of the Great Hall of the museum, which he felt was devoid of color and barren. Parr asked Lewis York, Zallinger's professor at art school, if he knew anyone who would be able to fill a large wall space in the Hall; York recommended Zallinger. On March 1, 1942, Zallinger was officially appointed to the wall-painting project.
Initially, Zallinger planned on dividing the wall space—measuring 110 feet in length, 55 feet in width, and 26 feet in height— into separate panels. After discussions with his supervisors, Zallinger instead decided on a different concept which would use the entire wall for a "panorama of time". Because Zallinger had never painted dinosaurs, Dr. G. Edward Lewis, the museum's curator of vertebrate paleontology, and Dr. George Wieland proceeded to give Zallinger a six-month crash course in vertebrate paleontology and paleobotany.
Painting.
Zallinger sketched out his plan for the mural on a sheet of rag paper which could be unrolled to edit individual sections. Due to the position of entrances to the hall, and the sequence of which Peabody's fossils are arranged, the mural "reads" from right to left instead of the customary direction.
Zallinger used a Renaissance-era painting technique known as "fresco secco". Though rarely used due to the difficulties of using egg tempera, "fresco secco" allowed Zallinger to delineate character, as well as create a painting with good durability.
Composition.
In total, "The Age of Reptiles" spans about 362 million years, from the Devonian period at the mural's beginning to the end of the Cretaceous period, 65 million years ago. Each period's length on the mural is proportional to the period's length in geologic time. Each period of time is divided by large trees in the foreground.
Species depicted.
Animal species are in bold.
Devonian
Carboniferous
Permian
Triassic
Jurassic
Cretaceous
Impact.
"The Age of Reptiles" won Zallinger several awards. Zallinger was awarded with a Pulitzer Fellowship in Art in 1949, and the painting was featured as a postage stamp in 1970.
Despite its somewhat outdated view of dinosaurs, "The Age of Reptiles" is still notable for its historical and artistic merit and as the largest natural history painting in the world. It has been an inspiration to many visitors including both Robert Bakker and Peter Dodson, who credit it with influencing them to become paleontologists. Dodson was nearly moved to tears upon first seeing it as a college senior.

</doc>
<doc id="19154710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154710" title="Uboynaya River">
Uboynaya River

The Uboynaya River is a river in the Taymyr Peninsula, Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russian Federation. Its source is in the Byrranga Mountains.
It flows across desolate tundra regions into the Kara Sea. The lichen "Dactylina arctica" is common and abundant in the area.
The Uboynaya River freezes up in late September—early October and stays under the ice until June. In the short summer the area is a breeding ground for certain birds, like the dunlin.
History.
In 1922, while leading a geological expedition, Nikolay Urvantsev found abandoned skis at the mouth of the Uboynaya River. They belonged to Roald Amundsen's 1919 Arctic expedition's ill-fated crew members Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen.
This river is now within the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve, the largest nature reserve of Russia and one of the biggest in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19154788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154788" title="Israel at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Israel at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Israel participated in the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo. 20 Israeli athletes won seven gold medals, three silver and eleven bronze, enabling their country to finish 7th on the medal table.
The Israeli delegation was composed of ten IDF veterans and ten athletes of the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled. Other excelling athletes were banned from participating due to indecent behavior. The delegation was headed by Mr. Arieh Fink, head of the rehabilitation department of the Israel Ministry of Defense, and accompanied by Mr. Gershon Huberman, director of the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled. Further members of the delegation were basketball coaches Shimon Shelah and Jacob Hendelsman, Mrs. Edna Medalia and two medical nurses.
In the 1964 Summer Paralympic Games, Israel participated for the first time in the weightlifting field, following Shalom Dalugatch's achievement of criteria by breaking the previous Paralympics' record. Delegation member Israel Even-Sahav was the sole athlete, of all participating states, asked to take part in rehearsals to the opening ceremony.
The delegation's travel expenses were divided in accordance with its composition: The IDF veterans were sponsored by the Ministry of Defense, sports organizations, the Olympic Committee and the athletes themselves, while the Center's athletes were sponsored by Japanese parties, most prominently by businessman Saul Eisenberg.
The eldest member of the delegation was Michael Ben-Naftali (40) and the youngest Jacob Ben-Arie (14).
Israel was ranked 7th on the medal table, winning seven gold medals, three silver and 11 bronze and achieving three world records.

</doc>
<doc id="19154851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154851" title="Keystone XLB-3">
Keystone XLB-3

The Keystone XLB-3 (originally built under the Huff-Daland name) was a prototype bomber biplane developed in the United States in the late 1920s. It was a twin-engine development of the single-engine LB-1, brought about by a change in policy by the USAAC. 
Design and development.
The shift from a nose-mounted engine to engines mounted in nacelles on the lower wing created an opportunity to provide stations for two extra crewmembers: a bombardier and a nose-gunner, bringing the total to five. The LB-1's single tailfin and rudder was augmented by an extra rudder either side of it.
Operational history.
A single prototype was constructed, and delivered to the USAAC for evaluation at the end of 1927. Evaluation, however, showed that performance was actually inferior to that of the single-engine LB-1. The decision was taken to change the XLB-3's water-cooled Liberty engines for air-cooled radials, at which point it was redesignated XLB-3A. With performance still unsatisfactory, development was abandoned in favor of a parallel design, the LB-5.

</doc>
<doc id="19154861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154861" title="ECHO Clearinghouse">
ECHO Clearinghouse

ECHO Clearinghouse refers to a system used by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to spatially, temporally and otherwise index the petabytes of data that NASA's Earth Science projects collect. It does not hold the data itself, but serves as a search engine that other applications can access via a web service based interface. While ECHO has been set up to support both data and services, as of mid-2008, data is well represented and services are yet to be focused on.
History.
In the late 1990s, NASA recognized that the emerging internet technologies would facilitate a democratization of the access to data. NASA began the ECHO effort as a prototype, using web technology to allow the public extensive access to data previously only available to researchers. Access was initially through an application programming interface, not a graphical user interface.
The system was originally specified by a multi-contractor and government committee. The contractor Global Science and Technology led software development from 1999 until 2007. Following that, the work moved to the NASA EOSDIS contractor. Blueprint Technologies (later Vangent) also contributed to the process.

</doc>
<doc id="19154893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154893" title="Marc Ribot Plays Solo Guitar Works of Frantz Casseus">
Marc Ribot Plays Solo Guitar Works of Frantz Casseus

Marc Ribot Plays Solo Guitar Works of Frantz Casseus is a 1993 album of solo guitar works by Frantz Casseus recorded by Marc Ribot and released on the Belgian label, Les Disques du Crepuscule. Ribot studied classical guitar under Casseus who fused the European classical tradition with his native Haitian folk elements. The album was recorded in New York City in 1989 and 1993.
Track listing.
All compositions are by Frantz Casseus.

</doc>
<doc id="19154899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154899" title="David Brickner">
David Brickner

David Brickner (born September 29, 1958) is an ordained Baptist minister who has been head of the Messianic Jewish missionary group Jews for Jesus since 1996.
Background and family.
Brickner was born and raised in Beverly, Massachusetts.
Brickner describes himself as a fifth-generation Jewish believer in Jesus. However, in a letter to Orthodox Jewish author David Klinghoffer, Brickner wrote that his own mother "is not halachically Jewish," and Klinghoffer wrote that Brickner "is, by ancestry, a non-Jew," citing Jewish law.
Brickner married Patti Vasaturo in 1979; they have two children, Isaac and Ilana. They divorced in 2011.
Career.
Brickner began his career as a missionary with the Chicago branch of Jews for Jesus. He led the New York City branch until May 1996, then was elected by a council of his peers as the organization's second executive director. Brickner has been in ministry for over thirty years and has appeared many times on secular television and radio programs.
Controversial statements.
On August 12, 2002, representatives of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the National Council of Synagogues signed a joint statement that Catholics should no longer try to evangelize Jews because they "already dwell in a saving covenant with God." Evangelical groups, including Jews for Jesus, strongly objected to the statement. A "Los Angeles Times" article reported that "the controversy has touched a nerve that underlies religious relations." The article went on to say, "And the ever-controversial Jews for Jesus movement, which believes that Jesus is the messiah that Jews have been waiting for, also stepped in. David Brickner, the group's executive director, said the bishops had 'crossed the line' and betrayed their responsibility to spread the Gospel. 'Jews need to hear the Gospel. Period. Excluding my Jewish people from Christian witness is theologically and biblically untenable, yet this is exactly what American Catholic bishops' did, Brickner said."
Brickner was reported to have said on 17 August 2008 that the deaths in the Jerusalem bulldozer attack were God’s "judgment” for Jews having failed to convert to Christianity. The comments created further controversy because they were made at the Wasilla Bible Church, where Sarah Palin is a member; Palin was chosen a week later to be the Republican candidate for vice-president in the United States presidential election, 2008. Political analysts speculated that Brickner's remarks would cause the Republicans to lose Jewish voters. In an interview with NBC news David Brickner responded to this assessment of his guest speech by saying "That's not what I was saying ... That's not what I believe. The violence is evidence that sin has marred our human condition and because of sin and non belief, God's judgment rests on all humanity."

</doc>
<doc id="19154905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154905" title="Josh Geer">
Josh Geer

Joshua Brent Geer (born June 2, 1983) is a professional baseball starting pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. He played in Major League Baseball with the Padres in 2008 and 2009.
Amateur career.
High school.
Geer is a 2002 graduate of Forney High School. He was a four-year starter and letterman for the Jackrabbits under coaches Ronnie Ortegon and Sam Gillispie. Geer earned all-District 13-3A honors as a freshman and also helped his team to the district championship and to the state tournament two years in a row. He was also a starter and letterman for the football team. On the academics side he posted a 4.3 grade point average on a 5.0 scale.
College.
Geer was a two-year starting pitcher for Navarro College where he was voted the conference's most valuable player after posting a 1.78 ERA. He helped the Bulldogs to the 2003 conference championship. He also attended Rice University, where he played for the Rice Owls baseball team. He was named Most Outstanding Player of the 2005 Houston College Classic.
Profssional career.
San Diego Padres.
He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft, but he did not sign. He was drafted again in the third round in the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft by the Padres. He signed with them, and has played in their farm system since then. 
Geer went 4-2 with a 3.96 ERA in 12 games, 11 starts, for Short-Season Eugene Emeralds and the Class-A Fort Wayne TinCaps in 2005. He won three straight games with the Emeralds from July 24 to August 4, allowing six runs over 19 innings. He was promoted to Fort Wayne on August 8 and allowed three runs, two earned, over six innings to win his Wizards' debut the next night.
In 2006 Geer posted a 13-6 record and a 4.12 ERA in 27 games, 26 starts, between Class-A Fort Wayne and the Class-A Advanced Lake Elsinore Storm. He led the organization in wins. Geer tossed 22 scoreless innings in his last three starts with the Wizards before being promoted to Lake Elsinore on June 17. After losing his first three starts with the Storm, went 7-1 in 12 starts from July 8 to September 4.
In 2007, Geer was named the Texas League Pitcher of the Year while pitching for the San Antonio Missions
Geer held left-handed batters to a .146 mark. He tossed at least 5 innings and yielded two runs or less in each of his Big League outings. His contract purchased from the Triple-A Portland Beavers on August 29. Geer made his major league debut for the Padres on August 30, with a win over the Colorado Rockies. He suffered ﬁrst Big League loss on September 17 against Colorado despite throwing five innings of one-run ball with ﬁve strikeouts, as San Diego fell 1-0. With Portland he went 8-9 with a 4.54 ERA, 107 strikeouts and 45 walks in 28 appearances, 27 starts. He led the Pacific Coast League in innings pitched while tied for third in starts. His starts also tied for the team lead behind Cesar Ramos. Geer tied for the most starts in one season by a Portland pitcher since the team returned to the PCL in 2001 sharing the record with Junior Herndon in '01 and Dennis Tankersley in 2003.
In 2009 Geer split the season between Portland and San Diego. With Portland he went 2-5 with a 4.44 ERA in 52 innings pitched in nine games, all starts, including one complete game. With the Padres he went 1-7 with a 5.96 ERA in 19 games, 17 for starts. On October 13 Geer was outrighted to the minors, taking him off the 40-man roster.
Geer spent the entire 2010 season with Portland, where he went 11-11 with an ERA of 5.41. He missed most of the 2011 season while recovering from stage III melanoma, appearing in just two games for the Triple-A Tucson Padres before undergoing surgery to remove lymph nodes from his neck. He then went on to pitch in the Arizona Fall League.

</doc>
<doc id="19154923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154923" title="Waiheke Radio">
Waiheke Radio

Waiheke Radio is a not-for-profit, non-commercial Community radio service on Waiheke Island. The station offers the facilities, advice, training and technical support for individuals and groups to create and broadcast their own media and radio programmes. Waiheke's population has distinct and diverse needs and interests arising from the island's geographical isolation, mix of rural and suburban lifestyle, and broad demographic range and is arguably not well served by radio transmitted solely from Auckland.
History.
The Waiheke Community Radio Trust established Waiheke Radio as a not-for-profit, community radio service for Waiheke in 2008 and began broadcasting on two Low Power FM transmitters later that year. One of the transmitters was paid for from a grant from the Waiheke Community Board. A community lease was also secured in the Artworks complex in Oneroa after pressure was put on Auckland city by members of the Waiheke Community board who lobbied for a month-to-month lease to be granted to the trust.
Many of the trustees and DJs were originally volunteers with the now defunct Beach FM. That station's loss of lease on its broadcasting premises and subsequent loss of its frequency 99.4 in New Zealand's frequency tender process left the island without a radio broadcaster and created the opportunity for the development of a not-for-profit community station on the island. The Waiheke Community Radio Trust attended the August 2008 spectrum auction and was bidding on the 99.4 frequency which eventually sold for $380,000, putting it well out of the trust's reach. The successful bidder was World TV Limited, a company that runs a number of Asian-language TV and radio stations.
The $380,000 paid for the frequency was the second highest sum paid for any frequency in the country in this auction round. The last Waiheke Island frequency auctioned, in 2003, also went for a very large sum, $378,000. The effect of the high prices paid was that Waiheke interests were priced out of the market as there is not sufficient population to support either a commercial or non-commercial operation that had to recover such an amount.
Waiheke Radio made its first live broadcast on Saturday 28 June from 7am to 12pm. The station hosted The Classic Gold Breakfast, a nationally networked Saturday morning breakfast show fronted by veteran broadcaster, Chris Diack who was visiting the island and worked with the Waiheke Radio volunteers to broadcast his breakfast show from the studio in Artworks. The show featured a number of local people, including students from Waiheke Primary School.
The official opening of the radio station was October 25, 2008 and the station is now broadcasting a variety of specialist music and interview style shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19154965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154965" title="Cape Vilda">
Cape Vilda

Cape Vilda (Russian: Мыс Вильда) is a headland in the Kara Sea, Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russian Federation. This cape is located on the western shore of the Taymyr Peninsula, at the western end of Middendorff Bay. 
The Myachina Islands, a group of two small islets, lie 3 km north of Cape Vilda.
History.
In 1921 Nikifor Begichev led a Soviet expedition in search for Roald Amundsen's 1919 Arctic expedition's crew members Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen on request of the government of Norway. Checking the remains of campfires, Begichev was able to establish that Amundsen's men had passed Cape Vilda, more than halfway down their journey, and that at that point all was well. Captain Jakobsen, a Norwegian who went with Begichev, found later an abandoned sledge 90 km west of Mys Vil’da, indicating that something had gone wrong with his two ill-fated compatriots.

</doc>
<doc id="19154985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19154985" title="Yoked with an Unbeliever">
Yoked with an Unbeliever

Yoked with an Unbeliever is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on December 7, 1886, and in book form in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888. It also appears in subsequent editions of that collection.
The story is one of Kipling's reflections on relations between the English settlers, representing the British Raj, and the native population. As so often, there is no clear-cut schematic version of the rights and wrongs - as Kipling himself says in the last sentence of the story, "Which is manifestly unfair."
The 'unfairness' is that a worthless man is loved by two women, for no reason apparent to outside observers. Phil Garron is an Englishman who has been sent out "to 'tea'". (This was a form of disgrace for the ruling class in Britain: those who failed, like Garron, in the home country were sometimes sent out 'to the Colonies' to try to redeem themselves.) Garron, who "was really going to reform all his slack, shiftless ways" leaves Agnes Laiter heartbroken behind him. He is a man of weak character, but he settles into decent (if not exceptional, as he believes) competence - and as he works, forgets Agnes, other than as a daydream. Her family bring pressure on her, successfully, to marry another (a 'better prospect' than Garron): she writes to Garron to tell him, saying "she would never know a happy moment all the rest of her life. Which was a true prophecy." (Kipling here shows his deft touch with at least seemingly mature psychological insight, and deft narrative detail.) Garron replies with a carefully drafted letter, which ordinary men might have called "the thoroughly mean and selfish work of a thoroughly mean and selfish man": but it makes Agnes cry; and Garron (in Kipling's ironic phrase) "felt every word he had written for at least two days and a half." He takes up shortly after with a Hill-woman called Dunmaya, the daughter of a senior soldier among the troops of the Native Army and marries her.
Agnes, now widowed, finds herself in Bombay and seeks Garron out. She finds him "very little altered, and Dunmaya was very nice to her." The shame, and unfairness, is first, that Phil, who really is not worth thinking of twice, was and is loved by Dunmaya, and more than loved by Agnes", and second, that "Dunmaya 'mere' native is making a decent man of him 'white man'; and he will ultimately be saved from perdition by her training."
So it is clear that Kipling is neither a simple misogynist, nor a simple race supremacist.

</doc>
<doc id="19155004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155004" title="A Woman's Vengeance">
A Woman's Vengeance

"A Woman's Vengeance" (1948) is a film directed by Zoltán Korda, with a screenplay by Aldous Huxley based on his short story "The Gioconda Smile", and starring Charles Boyer, Ann Blyth, Jessica Tandy, Cedric Hardwicke, Rachel Kempson, and Mildred Natwick. The film was released by Universal Studios.
Plot.
Henry Maurier rebounds from the death of wife Emily by marrying his brother-in-law's mistress, upsetting another woman who is in love with him. Suspicions grow that Henry might have hurried along his wife's death with poison.

</doc>
<doc id="19155007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155007" title="Roy Staiger">
Roy Staiger

Roy Joseph Staiger (born January 6, 1950 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is a former infielder in Major League Baseball who played for the New York Mets (1975–77) and New York Yankees (1979). This makes him one of the few players to have played for both current New York baseball teams. He played primarily at third base.
Staiger was drafted out of high school by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 15th round of the June 1969 amateur draft. He declined to sign with the Dodgers and instead attended Bacone College in Oklahoma. In the January 1970 amateur draft, he was selected in the 1st round by the New York Mets and signed with the Mets.
Minor League career.
Staiger began his professional career with the Mets' class-A minor league team in Visalia in 1970. That season he played 76 games, with a batting average of .239, 7 home runs and 34 runs batted in.
In 1971 he played a second season at Visalia. That season he played 139 games, and his batting average improved to .282. He also improved to 19 home runs and 83 runs batted in. This earned him a promotion to the Mets' class-AA team, the Memphis Blues in 1972.
At Memphis in 1972, Staiger played in 81 games. He once again had a batting average of .282. But with only 3 home runs, his slugging percentage was just .379 and he registered an on-base percentage of .306.
For the 1973 season, Staiger was promoted to the Mets' class-AAA team, the Tidewater Tides. In 136 games, Staiger had a batting average of .249, a slugging percentage of .339 and an on-base percentage of .302. Although the Mets had several injuries to their infielders on the Major League team, Staiger was not called up to the majors during the season although several other Tidewater infielders — Brian Ostrosser and Lute Barnes — did receive time in the majors that season.
Staiger returned to Tidewater in 1974. Again he played in 136 games, and he improved his batting average to .272, his slugging percentage to .343 and his on-base percentage to .343. Again, he was not called up to the Mets major league team that season.
Staiger played for Tidewater a third consecutive season in 1975. In 137 games he improved his batting average and slugging percentage again to .282 and .418, respectively. This earned Staiger a promotion to the Mets major league team that September.
New York Mets.
Staiger made his major league debut for the New York Mets on September 12, 1975. He played third base for the Mets that day against the St. Louis Cardinals. The following day, Staiger got his first Major League hit (baseball), a double, also against the Cardinals. In total, Staiger played in 13 games for the Mets in 1975, getting 3 hits in 19 at bats for a batting average of .158.
Staiger played the entire 1976 season with the Mets. Although he split time as the Mets third baseman with Wayne Garrett, he played the majority of the game at third base for the Mets that season, 93. In a total of 95 games in 1976, including one game in which he played shortstop, Staiger batted .220 with 2 home runs. His slugging percentage was .273 and his on-base percentage was .278.
In 1977, Staiger started the season with the Mets but was demoted to Tidewater in mid-season. He only returned to the Mets in September that season. In 40 games with the Mets that season he batted .252 with 2 home runs. In 73 games with Tidewater he batted .287 with 15 home runs.
New York Yankees.
After the 1977 season, Staiger was traded by the Mets to their cross-town rivals, the New York Yankees in exchange for Sergio Ferrer. Staiger played the entire 1978 season with the Yankees class-AAA team, the Tacoma Yankees. He batted .283 with 19 home runs in 118 games. The following season he again played with the Yankees AAA affiliate, this time the Columbus Clippers. He played in 104 games, with a batting average of .260 and 9 home runs. During the 1979 season he was briefly recalled to the Yankees major league team. He played 4 games for the Yankees, getting 3 hits in 11 at-bats.
In 1980 Staiger played once again for the Columbus Clippers. After batting .234 in 90 games, he ended his professional baseball career.

</doc>
<doc id="19155016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155016" title="Guy Rouleau (politician)">
Guy Rouleau (politician)

Guy Rouleau (19 February 1923 – 7 October 2010) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Dollard riding in the 1953 general election and re-elected for successive terms in 1957, 1958, 1962 and 1963, but his term in the Liberal caucus ended on 31 July 1965 before his term in the 26th Canadian Parliament ended. Rouleau did not seek further re-election after this.
Rouleau became Parliamentary Secretary to Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson in February 1964. However, he was embroiled in a scandal in which Pearson's government was accused of bribery regarding attempts to secure bail for drug trafficker Lucien Rivard. The scandal affected numerous government careers, including that of Rouleau whose role as the Prime Minister's Secretary ended on 23 November 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19155031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155031" title="Bahram Alivandi">
Bahram Alivandi

Bahram Alivandi (1928-21 May 2012) was an Iranian-born Modern artist living in Vienna, Austria. He is known primarily for his paintings, which typically depict stories from Persian mythology and literature, and express oriental mysticism. He has also produced a number of wall tapestries that, like his works on canvas, demonstrate his own instantly recognisable visual language.
Biography.
In 1959 he was appointed by the Ministry of Education, teaching painting at the Workshop of National Art and the Kamal-ol-Molk Academy of Art, a post that he held for 20 years. During this time he practiced a variety of traditional Persian arts such as the Miniature, Ceramics, Tapestries, and Silversmithery.
During this time Alivandi was one of Iran's leading modernists, but he left Iran several years after the Islamic revolution of 1979 to escape the repression and censorisation of all free artistic expression. Alivandi joined the National Council of Resistance of Iran in 1994 and was a member of the Council until his death on May 12, 2012. He lived and worked in Vienna from 1983 to 2012. 
Alivandi belongs to a respected generation of Iranian artists who are important figures in contemporary Iranian art, including Massoud Arabshahi, Nasser Ovissi, and Parviz Tanavoli, to all of whom he is well known.
Artistic style.
Alivandi's work is rich in symbolism and oriental motifs, such as the fish, gazelle, and horse, which are traditional motifs of Persian miniatures. He draws influence from Persian culture, depicting characters and stories from legends and epic poetry by important figures like Ferdowsi and Farid ad-Din Attar. Outstanding works include a series of large-scale oil paintings executed in the 1980s which depict such important figures as Mithra, Jesus Christ, the Simorgh, and Ferdowsi himself. Some of his work is influenced by the war situation and the repression of his native Iran, and expresses the pain and suffering of his people. 
In terms of technique his work is at times traditional and at times highly original. Alivandi's early paintings, including those from the 1980s, use the now-traditional medium of oil on canvas, yet his aesthetic style, which recalls the stained glass of medieval churches, is highly personal. During the 1990s Alivandi continued to work in oils, but abandoned the traditional canvas, choosing instead to apply his paints directly to newspaper; a method pioneered by the cubists in the early 1900s.
Since "circa" 2000, he increasingly works with the "angelique pointillage" technique (as seen in the image on the right), a unique method of painting with extremely small dots of ink which are then covered with a layer of veneer to lock and intensify the colours. This innovative pointillist technique has resulted in the many striking works that demonstrate the beauty of his composition and the power of his vision. According to one critic, his masterful blending of hues has earned him the title "the magician of colours".
Alivandi's paintings are typically on a large scale, yet even so they demonstrate the immense skill of his hand in their intricate detail.
Exhibitions.
's work has been exhibited throughout Europe and Asia, and have received high critical acclaim. Important recent exhibitions include:
"Selected solo":
"Selected group":
Bibliography.
Articles:
Exhibition Catalogues:

</doc>
<doc id="19155050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155050" title="Telfer, Western Australia">
Telfer, Western Australia

Telfer is a minesite in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, within the Great Sandy Desert. Telfer was previously the state's most isolated town, located north-east of the state capital Perth. The gold and copper mine is run by Newcrest Mining, and is the second-largest gold mine in Australia.
History.
Newmont Mining first made a claim to the deposit in 1972; however, this is disputed by Jean-Paul Turcaud to this date.
The town of Telfer, non-existent until then, was built by Newmont in 1976 and named after A.H. Telfer, a former under secretary for mines in Western Australia. The town grew to a peak of almost 1,000 inhabitants in the early 1990s, with services like a supermarket, a police station, a bank, a community hall, a library and a number of sporting facilities being available.
The mine opened in 1977 as a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Newmont Mining. In 1990, a merger between Newmont Australia Limited and BHP Gold Limited resulted in the creation of Newcrest Mining, with ownership of the Telfer Mine now lying with Newcrest.
Telfer's demographic characteristics were typical of a northern Western Australian mining town. It had a male to female ratio of 2.4 to 1 and almost 40 percent of its population was born overseas. Half its population was below the age of 35 and the town experienced an annual population turnover of almost 20 percent.
In 1996, the town suffered the decision to move the Telfer mine from residential to a fly-in fly-out work force. Many of the commercial services were withdrawn, only the recreational facilities were maintained. The existing housing was now used for the accommodation of the mine's mobile work force. One of the main reasons for the town's closure was that fly-in fly-out rosters gave the mine access to a larger skilled work force and to people that would otherwise have been unwilling to relocated to a remote location like Telfer.
Open cut mining was suspended in August 2000 due to high operating costs.High production costs were primarily caused by the presence of cyanide soluble copper in the open pit ore.
In 2002, Newcrest Mining announced a new redevelopment project worth $1 billion, after discovering new mineral areas and a reserve base of some 19 million troy ounces of gold and of copper. The mine reopened in November 2004, after commissioning of the processing plant and, initially as an open cut mine, from March 2006 also with an underground operation.
Climate.
Telfer has a semi arid climate with extremely hot summers and warm winters. Summer highs average at 40C and winter highs at 25C. It receives an average annual rainfall of approximately 370mm, despite the fact that it lies relatively close to the Indian Ocean. This location leaves the community vulnerable to tropical cyclones. For example, Cyclone Graham affected the area in early 2003, delivering 163mm of rain. Severe Tropical Cyclone Laurence also passed over the mine site in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19155059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19155059" title="2/6th Commando Squadron (Australia)">
2/6th Commando Squadron (Australia)

The 2/6th Commando Squadron was one of 12 independent companies or commando squadrons raised by the Australian Army during the Second World War. Raised in May 1942 as the 2/6th Independent Company, the 2/6th's main role was to conduct irregular type warfare including small scale raiding, sabotage, long-range patrolling and reconnaissance operations rather than the traditional commando type direct action operations. As such, for the most part the unit conducted operations in small groups operating inside enemy territory, or out in front of larger friendly forces. Between 1942 and 1945, the 2/6th undertook four major campaigns during the war—Kokoda, Buna, Markham–Ramu and Borneo—and was involved in arguably one of the most spectacular small unit actions of the war during the Battle of Kaiapit. The unit was disbanded in January 1946, following the cessation of hostilities in the Pacific.
History.
Formation and training, 1942.
The 2/6th Independent Company was formed in May 1942 at the Guerrilla Warfare School at No. 7 Infantry Training Centre at Tidal River, on Wilsons Promontory in Victoria, in response to recommendations made by the British Military Mission in Australia, headed by Lieutenant-Colonel J.C Mawhood.
The company was formed from volunteers from all branches of the Army, and like all of the Independent Companies, it was organised under the philosophy that it had to be a self-sufficient force. As such, it was to be a complete and powerful organisation with its own organic signals, engineering, transport, quartermaster and medical support. The company had a strength of 20 officers and 275 men (larger than a normal infantry company) and was divided into a headquarters and three platoons, with each platoon consisting of 75 men, commanded by a captain, with three sections below that, each commanded by a lieutenant. As firepower was deemed to be an essential element of the company's ability to conduct successful operations within the context as a raiding force, there was an abundance of automatic and section support weapons, including 0.303 Lee Enfield sniper rifles (SMLEs), Bren light machine guns (LMGs), 2-inch mortars and Thompson and Owen submachine guns, to the extent that in battle each platoon could provide a level of firepower equivalent to that of an infantry company.
The terrain surrounding the training area at Wilsons Promontory consisted of a number of high, rugged and heavily wooded mountains, swift streams and swamps. It was considered ideal for the six week training course that the first members of the 2/6th had to endure before they were deployed operationally. Initially training stores were scarce, particularly signalling and engineering stores, and as such there was at first a large focus upon physical training. Training was conducted six days and five nights a week and it was a long, gruelling course. As a result, after the first week, 32 men from the initial intake of 300 were removed from training as being unsuitable.
On 6 June 1942, Major Harry Harcourt assumed command of the company. An Englishman by birth, but a naturalised Australian, he had had considerable experience serving with the British Army in the First World War, in the Russian Civil War and in India before he had settled in Tasmania. Although 47 years old, he was also an accomplished boxer, having been a champion in the Services competition while serving in the British Army, and was, according to author Syd Trigellis-Smith, renowned for his "...physical fitness, boundless energy and love of front-line service". Harcourt set upon the task of whipping the company into shape, although initially he too was frustrated in his efforts by the problem with insufficient training supplies and equipment. Nevertheless, through the rest of June and into July, the training was intensified and all ranks received basic infantry training (as some were not yet infantry trained), and they became proficient in fieldcraft, signalling and demolitions and a number of field exercises were carried out to test their skills.
In July, the company moved north by train to Townsville in Queensland under tight security, bringing all their stores and equipment with them. During this time the company was camped at the race-track at Cluden. Finally, the order for the company to deploy to New Guinea was received, and despite a refusal by dock workers to load their stores, by 1030 hours on 2 August 1942, they had embarked on the MS "Tasman" after the company's engineer section took over the operation of the ship's loading equipment.
Papua New Guinea, 1942–1943.
In early August 1942, the 2/6th arrived in Port Moresby to take part in the New Guinea campaign. Originally it was intended that they would be been flown from there to Wau, to reinforce the 2/5th Independent Company; however, due to the deteriorating situation in the Owen Stanley Ranges, they were sent to the Kokoda Track instead. Placed under the command of the 7th Division’s headquarters, on 28 August 1942, the company moved up to Mount Eirama where they were employed as the divisional reserve. As the situation along the track continued to worsen for the Australians, the 2/6th moved to cover the Goldie River Valley in order to block any Japanese outflanking manoeuvres.
Long distance patrols were undertaken between 6 September and 12 October 1942 to cover wider lines of possible Japanese approach through the Yodda Valley, the jungle tracks around Esau Creek and the Brown River, and along Engineer Road in support of Honner Force. The purpose of these patrols was to obtain topographical information regarding the tracks in the area which might be used by Australian forces to outflank Japanese positions, as well as to provide early warning of any infiltration attempts. To this end, the patrols varied in size and duration, ranging from four or five men to 150 and from five to six days up to months. In some cases they acted as independent, long-range patrols, while others were in close contact with regular formations.
On 14 October 1942, elements of the 2/6th were flown from 14-Mile Drome across the mountains to Wanigela Airfield, Wangiela. From Wanigela the company moved to Pongani. With the offensive started in the Battle of Buna–Gona, the 2/6th patrolled in front of the United States Army's 1st Battalion, 126th Infantry Regiment, along the coast from Pongani to Buna. Arriving at the front line at Buna on 20 November 1942, the 2/6th was engaged in the heavy fighting around the New Strip airfield until the early December 1942 during which time they were employed mainly in a traditional infantry role. In mid-December, the 2/6th was withdrawn to Soputa and then Port Moresby, where they spent Christmas prior to returning to Australia for re-organisation and refurbishment.
Re-organisation, 1943.
The 2/6th returned to Australia in March 1943 and after some leave, re-assembled at the Army’s Jungle Warfare Centre at Canungra, Queensland. As part of a re-organisation that was being undertaken to refocus the Army on jungle warfare, the independent companies were amalgamated together to place them into a regimental structure. In line with this, the 2/6th, along with the 2/3rd and 2/5th Independent Companies, were brought together to form the 2/7th Cavalry (Commando) Regiment, which had been formed from the 7th Divisional Cavalry Regiment that had served in the Middle East and New Guinea in 1941 and 1942. This was an administrative re-organisation only, as the regiment itself had no operational role; however, following this the 2/6th Independent Company became known as the "2/6th Commando Squadron".
One of the main changes that occurred as a result of this re-organisation was that the engineer section was deleted from the establishment of the commando squadrons, having previously been an important part of the independent company structure. During this time, while the majority of the squadron was training in Australia, a small group of 2/6th men were sent to Bena Bena plateau in New Guinea in January 1943 to watch for enemy activity in the Ramu Valley and to secure Lutheran missionaries who were believed to have been providing information to the Japanese. This group operated in one or two man teams and were deployed for almost six months.
Markham–Ramu Campaign, 1943–1944.
The 2/6th sailed from Townsville for Port Moresby in August 1943, and then, in the middle of September it was flown to an area just west of the Leron River, in the Markham Valley for the upcoming Markham–Ramu campaign. Attached to the 7th Division, the squadron provided flank protection during the campaign, mainly carrying out reconnaissance and long range patrols, although they were also used to capture and hold ground in advance of the main formation at times.
Now made up of a cadre of experienced and fully trained soldiers, the squadron performed with considerable distinction in this campaign, and was involved in arguably one of the most significant small unit actions of the campaign at the Battle of Kaiapit where, on 19–20 September 1943, it captured the village and then repelled a determined enemy counterattack by a force much larger than its own, until relieved. After the action, 214 Japanese bodies were counted, and it was estimated that another 50 or more lay dead in the tall grass. Abandoned equipment that was recovered included 19 machine guns, 150 rifles, six grenade throwers and 12 Japanese swords. Against this, the Australians lost 11 killed and 23 wounded. For his leadership during this action, Gordon King was later awarded the Distinguished Service Order.
After almost seven months of service in New Guinea, the 2/6th returned to Australia in April 1944, disembarking in Sydney on 12 May 1944. From then until late in the war there was a lull in Australian offensive operations in the Pacific and during this time, the company was based in the Mapee–Kairi area on the Atherton Tablelands, in Queensland, where it trained and conducted exercises with the rest of the 7th Division in preparation for renewed hostilities in 1945.
This was a period of considerable boredom for many members of the squadron, and there was a rise in disciplinary problems during this time as the only outlet for the men’s physical energy was sport, training and mounting ceremonial duties. Finally, in May 1945, after almost a year sitting on the sidelines, the 2/6th received orders for overseas service. On 25 May, they travelled to Redlynch staging camp outside Cairns and embarked five days later on 30 May, on a 14-day voyage to Morotai Island, from where they embarked on Landing Ship Tanks (LSTs) for their final campaign of the war on late in June.
Borneo, 1945.
One of the final Australian operations of the war occurred on the island of Borneo in mid-1945, just weeks before the Japanese capitulation. Although the necessity of the campaign has since been called into question, at the time it was felt that Borneo was strategically important due to its vast oil deposits, and numerous airfields and harbours which made it ideal as a springboard for operations in Malaya and Java which were planned for 1946 but which did not in the end eventuate.
In this vane, between May and July, the 7th and 9th Divisions made a series of landings on the island. These operations came to be known by the codename "Oboe". The first landing was made at Tarakan on 1 May by a single brigade, the 26th, from the 9th Division with the task of securing the airfield, while the rest of the division landed at Brunei Bay and Labuan Island later in June. The 7th Division landed at Balikpapan on 1 July 1945, having been given the tasks of securing the port, oil installations and airfields, and then destroying the Japanese forces there.
It was here, at Balikpapan, that the 2/6th Commando Squadron played its final part in the conflict. For the landing, it was attached to the 25th Brigade and went ashore on the second day of the battle. Over the course of the following three weeks the squadron supported the 25th Brigade in its advance along the Milford Highway. Among its other tasks, which included its normal role of conducting reconnaissance patrols, it also conducted a number of aggressive fighting patrols and successful ambushes along Pope’s Track and provided humanitarian assistance to the local inhabitants.
Disbandment, 1946.
Following the end of hostilities in the Pacific against the Japanese, there was to be no triumphant return to Australia for the 2/6th as a formed unit. Once the fighting on Borneo had stopped, the company was moved to a camp at Manggar Beach. Here they carried out various garrison duties and settled down to await further orders. On 6 October 1945 the unit was declared surplus to the Army's requirements and slowly its numbers began to dwindle as members marched out. Some 2/6th men were destined for service with the British Commonwealth Occupation Force in Japan or garrison duties elsewhere as there were still many Japanese troops at large, while others, who had earned enough points to do so were to be demobilised and returned to Australia.
General (later Field Marshal Sir) Thomas Blamey, the Commander-in-Chief of Australian Military Forces, inspected the 25th Brigade on 17 October, and then two days later they paraded before the Commander-in-Chief of South East Asia Command (SEAC), Admiral Lord Louis Mountbatten who praised them for their turn out and thanked them for their service. On 20 November, the "low priority" men (those who had served the least amount of time) marched out of the 2/6th to join the 2/27th Battalion, while the higher priority men (those who were eligible for discharge before the others) were sent to the 2/12th Battalion two days later. This left the squadron with just two officers and 19 men. Together they returned to Australia, arriving in Brisbane on 31 December 1945, and marching to Chermside camp where they conducted the final formalities of disbandment. The unit's last day of service on the Australian order of battle was 15 January 1946, when the final three members, including the acting CO, Captain Gordon Blainey, were dispersed and returned to their states of enlistment for demobilisation.
Throughout the course of the war, the 2/6th lost 58 men killed in action or died of wounds, while a further 80 were wounded in action. Members of the squadron received the following decorations: one Distinguished Service Order, two Military Crosses, one US Silver Star, one Distinguished Conduct Medal, two Military Medals and 23 Mentioned in Dispatches. No battle honours were awarded to the squadron, as these were awarded to its parent formation, the 2/7th Cavalry Commando Regiment.
Commanding officers.
The following is a list of the 2/6th's commanding officers during the war:

</doc>
