<doc id="19230710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230710" title="Saturn (mythology)">
Saturn (mythology)

Saturn () is a god in ancient Roman religion, and a character in myth. Saturn is a complex figure because of his multiple associations and long history. He was the first god of the Capitol, known since the most ancient times as "Saturnius Mons", and was seen as a god of generation, dissolution, plenty, wealth, agriculture, periodic renewal and liberation. In later developments he came to be also a god of time. His reign was depicted as a Golden Age of plenty and peace. The Temple of Saturn in the Roman Forum housed the state treasury. In December, he was celebrated at what is perhaps the most famous of the Roman festivals, the Saturnalia, a time of feasting, role reversals, free speech, gift-giving and revelry. Saturn the planet and Saturday are both named after the god.
Mythology of Saturn.
The Romans identified Saturn with the Greek Cronus, whose myths were adapted for Latin literature and Roman art. In particular, Cronus's role in the genealogy of the Greek gods was transferred to Saturn. As early as Livius Andronicus (3rd century BC), Jupiter was called the son of Saturn.
Saturn had two consorts who represented different aspects of the god. The name of his wife Ops, the Roman equivalent of Greek Rhea, means "wealth, abundance, resources." The association with Ops though is considered a later development, as this goddess was originally paired with Consus. Earlier was Saturn's association with Lua ("destruction, dissolution, loosening"), a goddess who received the bloodied weapons of enemies destroyed in war.
Under Saturn's rule, humans enjoyed the spontaneous bounty of the earth without labor in a state of social egalitarianism, in the "Golden Age" described by Hesiod.
Etymology and epithets.
According to Varro, Saturn's name was derived from "satu", "sowing." Even though this etymology looks implausible on linguistic grounds (for the long quantity of the "a" in "Sāturnus" and also because of the epigraphically attested form "Saeturnus") nevertheless it does reflect an original feature of the god. A more probable etymology connects the name with Etruscan god "Satre" and placenames such as "Satria", an ancient town of Latium, and "Saturae palus", a marsh also in Latium. This root may be related to Latin phytonym "satureia". Another epithet of his that referred to his agricultural functions was "Sterculius" or "Stercutus", "Sterces" from "stercus," "manure." Agriculture was important to Roman identity, and Saturn was a part of archaic Roman religion and ethnic identity. His name appears in the ancient hymn of the Salian priests, and his temple was the oldest known to have been recorded by the pontiffs.
Temple.
The temple of Saturn was located at the base of the Capitoline Hill, according to a tradition recorded by Varro formerly known as "Saturnius Mons", and a row of columns from the last rebuilding of the temple still stand. The temple was consecrated in 497 BC but the "area Saturni" was built by king Tullus Hostilius as confirmed by archaeological studies conducted by E. Gjerstad. It housed the state treasury (aerarium) throughout Roman history.
Festival's time.
The position of Saturn's festival in the Roman calendar led to his association with concepts of time, especially the temporal transition of the New Year. In the Greek tradition, Cronus was often conflated with Chronus, "Time," and his devouring of his children taken as an allegory for the passing of generations. The sickle or scythe of Father Time is a remnant of the agricultural implement of Cronus-Saturn, and his aged appearance represents the waning of the old year with the birth of the new, in antiquity sometimes embodied by Aion. In late antiquity, Saturn is syncretized with a number of deities, and begins to be depicted as winged, as is Kairos, "Timing, Right Time".
In Roman religion.
Theology and worship.
The figure of Saturn is one of the most complex in Roman religion. G. Dumézil refrained from discussing Saturn in his work on Roman religion on the grounds of our insufficient knowledge. On the contrary, his follower D. Briquel has attempted a thorough interpretation of Saturn utilising Dumézil's three-functional theory of Indoeuropean religion, taking the ancient testimonies and the works of A. Brelich and G. Piccaluga as his basis.
The main difficulty scholars find in studying Saturn is in assessing what is original of his figure and what is due to later hellenising influences. Moreover, some features of the god may be common to Cronus but are nonetheless very ancient and can be considered proper to the Roman god, whereas others are certainly later and arrived after 217 BC,the year in which the Greek customs of the Kronia were introduced into the Saturnalia.
Among the features which are definitely authentic of the Roman god, Briquel identifies:
1. the time of his festival in the calendar, which corresponds to the date of the consecration of his temple (the Greek Cronia on the other hand took place in June–July);
2. his association with "Lua Mater", and
3. the location of his cult on the Capitol, which goes back to remote times.
These three elements in Briquel's view indicate that Saturn is a sovereign god. The god's strict relationship with the cults of the Capitoline Hill and in particular with Jupiter are highlighted by the legends concerning the refusal of gods Iuventas and Terminus to leave their abode in the shrines on the Capitol when the temple of Jupiter was to be built. These two deities correspond to the helper gods of the sovereign in Vedic religion (Briquel refers to the figures of the Mahabharata Dhrtarastra and Vidura) and to the Cyclopes and Hecatonchires in Hesiod. Whereas the helper gods belong to the second divine generation they become active only at the level of the third in each of the three instances of India, Greece and Rome, where they become a sort of continuation of Jupiter.)
Dumézil postulated a split of the figure of the sovereign god in Indoeuropean religion, which is embodied by Vedic gods Varuna and Mitra. Of the two, the first one shows the aspect of the magic, uncanny, awe inspiring power of creation and destruction, while the second shows the reassuring aspect of guarantor of the legal order in organised social life. Whereas in Jupiter these double features have coalesced, Briquel sees Saturn as showing the characters of a sovereign god of the Varunian type. His nature becomes evident in his mastership over the annual time of crisis around the winter solstice, epitomised in the power of subverting normal codified social order and its rules, which is apparent in the festival of the Saturnalia, in the mastership of annual fertility and renewal, in the power of annihilation present in his paredra Lua, in the fact that he is the god of a timeless era of plenty and bounty before time, which he reinstates at the time of the yearly crisis of the winter solstice. Also, in Roman and Etruscan reckoning Saturn is a wielder of lightning; no other agricultural god (in the sense of specialized human activity) is one. Hence the mastership he has on agriculture and wealth cannot be that of a god of the third function, i.e. of production, wealth, and pleasure, but it stems from his magical lordship over creation and destruction. Although these features are to be found in Greek god Cronus as well, it looks they were proper to the most ancient Roman representations of Saturn, such as his presence on the Capitol and his association with Jupiter, who in the stories of the arrival of the Pelasgians in the land of the Sicels and that of the Argei orders human sacrifices to him.
Sacrifices to Saturn were performed according to "Greek rite" ("ritus graecus"), with the head uncovered, in contrast to those of other major Roman deities, which were performed "capite velato", "with the head covered." Saturn himself, however, was represented as veiled ("involutus"), as for example in a wall painting from Pompeii that shows him holding a sickle and covered with a white veil. This feature is in complete accord with the character of a sovereign god of the Varunian type and is common with German god Odin. Briquel remarks Servius had already seen that the choice of the Greek rite was due to the fact that the god himself is imagined and represented as veiled, thence his sacrifice cannot be carried out by a veiled man: this is an instance of the reversal of the current order of things typical of the nature of the deity as appears in its festival. Plutarch writes his figure is veiled because he is the father of truth.
Pliny notes that the cult statue of Saturn was filled with oil; the exact meaning of this is unclear. Its feet were bound with wool, which was removed only during the Saturnalia. The fact that the statue was filled with oil and the feet were bound with wool may relate back to the myth of "The Castration of Uranus". In this myth Rhea gives Cronus a rock to eat in Zeus' stead thus tricking Cronus. Although mastership of knots is a feature of Greek origin it is also typical of the Varunian sovereign figure, as apparent e.g. in Odin. Once Zeus was victorious over Cronus, he sets this stone up at Delphi and constantly it is anointed with oil and strands of unwoven wool are placed on it. It wore a red cloak, and was brought out of the temple to take part in ritual processions and "lectisternia", banquets at which images of the gods were arranged as guests on couches. All these ceremonial details identify a sovereign figure. Briquel concludes that Saturn was a sovereign god of a time that the Romans perceived as no longer actual, that of the legendary origins of the world, before civilization.
Little evidence exists in Italy for the cult of Saturn outside Rome, but his name resembles that of the Etruscan god Satres. The potential cruelty of Saturn was enhanced by his identification with Cronus, known for devouring his own children. He was thus equated with the Carthaginian god Ba'al Hammon, to whom children were sacrificed. Later this identification gave rise to the African Saturn, a cult that enjoyed great popularity til the 4th century. It had a popular but also a mysteric character and required child sacrifices. It is also considered as inclining to monotheism. In the ceremony of initiation the myste "intrat sub iugum" ritual that Leglay compares also to the Roman "tigillum sororium". Even though their origin and theology are completely different the Italic and the African god are both sovereign and master over time and death, fact that has permitted their encounter. Moreover here Saturn is not the real Italic god but his Greek counterpart Cronus.
Saturn was also among the gods the Romans equated with Yahweh, whose Sabbath (on Saturday) he shared as his holy day. The phrase "Saturni dies", "Saturn's day," first appears in Latin literature in a poem by Tibullus, who wrote during the reign of Augustus.
Saturnalia.
Saturn is associated with a major religious festival in the Roman calendar, "Saturnalia". Saturnalia celebrated the harvest and sowing, and ran from December 17–23. During Saturnalia, the social restrictions of Rome were relaxed. The figure of Saturn, kept during the year with its legs bound in wool, was released from its bindings for the period of the festival. The revelries of Saturnalia were supposed to reflect the conditions of the lost "Golden Age" before the rule of Saturn was overthrown, not all of them desirable except as a temporary release from civilized constraint. The Greek equivalent was the Kronia.
Macrobius (5th century AD) presents an interpretation of the Saturnalia as a festival of light leading to the winter solstice. The renewal of light and the coming of the new year was celebrated in the later Roman Empire at the "Dies Natalis" of Sol Invictus, the "Birthday of the Unconquerable Sun," on December 25.
Roman legend of Saturn.
It was customary for the Romans to represent divine figures as kings of Latium at the time of their legendary origins. 
Macrobius states explicitly that the Roman legend of Janus and Saturn is an affabulation, as the true meaning of religious beliefs cannot be openly expressed. In the myth Saturn was the original and autochthonous ruler of the Capitolium, which had thus been called the "Mons Saturnius" in older times and on which once stood the town of "Saturnia". He was sometimes regarded as the first king of Latium or even the whole of Italy. At the same time, there was a tradition that Saturn had been an immigrant god, received by Janus after he was usurped by his son Jupiter and expelled from Greece. In Versnel's view his contradictions—a foreigner with one of Rome's oldest sanctuaries, and a god of liberation who is kept in fetters most of the year—indicate Saturn's capacity for obliterating social distinctions.
Roman mythology of the Golden Age of Saturn's reign differed from the Greek tradition. He arrived in Italy "dethroned and fugitive," but brought agriculture and civilization for which things was rewarded by Janus with a share of the kingdom, becoming he himself king. As the Augustan poet Vergil described it, "He gathered together the unruly race" of fauns and nymphs "scattered over mountain heights, and gave them laws … . Under his reign were the golden ages men tell of: in such perfect peace he ruled the nations." He was considered the ancestor of the Latin nation as he fathered Picus, the first king of Latium, who married Janus' daughter Canenes and in his turn fathered Faunus. Saturn was also said to have founded the five "Saturnian" towns of Latium: Aletrium (today Alatri), Anagnia (Anagni), Arpinum (Arpino), Atina and Ferentinum (Ferentino, also known as Antinum) all located in present day Ciociaria, province of Frosinone. All these towns are surrounded by cyclopical walls; their foundation is traditionally ascribed to the Pelasgians.
But Saturn also had a less benevolent aspect, as indicated by the blood shed in his honor during gladiatorial "munera". His consort in archaic Roman tradition was Lua, sometimes called "Lua Saturni" ("Saturn's Lua") and identified with Lua Mater, "Mother Destruction," a goddess in whose honor the weapons of enemies killed in war were burned, perhaps as expiation. H.S. Versnel, however, proposed that "Lua Saturni" should not be identified with "Lua Mater", but rather refers to "loosening"; she thus represents the liberating function of Saturn.
Gladiatorial "munera".
Saturn's chthonic nature connected him to the underworld and its ruler Dis Pater, the Roman equivalent of Greek Plouton (Pluto in Latin) who was also a god of hidden wealth. In 3rd-century AD sources and later, Saturn is recorded as receiving gladiatorial offerings "(munera)" during or near the Saturnalia. These gladiator combats, ten days in all throughout December, were presented by the quaestors and sponsored with funds from the treasury of Saturn.
The practice of gladiatorial "munera" was criticized by Christian apologists as a form of human sacrifice. Although there is no evidence of this practice during the Republican era, the offering of gladiators led to later theorizing that the primeval Saturn had demanded human victims. Macrobius says that Dis Pater was placated with human heads and Saturn with sacrificial victims consisting of men "(virorum victimis)". The figurines that were exchanged as gifts "(sigillaria)" during the Saturnalia may have represented token substitutes.
On coins.
In 104 BC, the plebeian tribune Lucius Appuleius Saturninus issued a denarius depicting Saturn driving a four-horse chariot "(quadriga)", a vehicle associated with rulers, triumphing generals, and sun gods. Saturninus was a popularist politician who had proposed reduced-price grain distribution to the poor of Rome. The head of the goddess Roma appears on the obverse. The Saturnian imagery played on the tribune's name and his intent to subvert the social hierarchy by basing his political support on the common people "(plebs)" rather than the senatorial elite.

</doc>
<doc id="19230719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230719" title="Civil Aviation Office">
Civil Aviation Office

The Civil Aviation Office of the Republic of Poland (, abbreviated as or CAO), as a civil aviation authority, is an agency of the Polish government under the Ministry of Infrastructure responsible for implementing policies on civil aviation to assure safe, economic and efficient air travel.
The Civil Aviation Office is responsible for providing and maintaining safe and efficient aviation services to, from and within Poland.
The current president of the CAO, Grzegorz Kruszyński, performs functions of aviation administration and aviation supervision authority in the following areas among others: 
The CAO President may authorise other authorities or specialised organisational units or persons having the relevant licences or certificates of competency entitling holder to exercise the privilege to perform certain supervision or control operations. (art. 22 par 3 of the Aviation Act adopted on July 3rd 2002 & published on August 16th 2002 (Journal of Laws No 130 pos. 1112)

</doc>
<doc id="19230725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230725" title="Renato Vallanzasca">
Renato Vallanzasca

Renato Vallanzasca Costantini (born May 4, 1950) is a notorious Italian mobster from Milan who was a powerful figure in the Milanese underworld during the 1970s. Following numerous robberies, kidnappings, murders, and many years as a fugitive, he is currently serving four consecutive life sentences with an additional 290 years in prison, but with permission to work outside during the day. This enables him to go to work every morning in a workshop in the periphery of Milan, making bags from recycled material. He is a local celebrity in Milan, famous for appealing to part of the public opinion for his image linked to the ""myth of the bandit"".
Biography.
Early life.
Vallanzasca was born in Milan, in the Lambrate district where his mother owned a clothing store. He was given the surname of his mother because his biological father, Osvaldo Pistoia, was already married to another woman by whom he had three children.
Vallanzasca became involved in vandalism and petty criminal activities early in his childhood. His first arrest occurred at the age of eight for having tried to let a tiger out of its cage, which belonged to a circus that had tented near his house. He was apprehended the following day and taken to Cesare Beccaria detention home. Because of this act he was legally compelled to move into an aunt's house, in via degliv Apuli, in the district of Giambellino, in the southern periphery of Milan, practically on the opposite side of the city.
Banda della Comasina.
It was during this time that he formed his own gang of children involved in stealing and shoplifting. In spite of his young age, Vallanzasca was already a gang leader and began to make a name for himself in the ligera, the old Milanese underworld, with whose members he quickly began to cooperate. But shortly thereafter, resenting the rules and the "code" of the old criminal underworld, he decided to form his own criminal outfit called the Banda della Comasina, which soon grew to become the most powerful and ferocious gang in Milan during those years. The Banda della Comasina was a strong rival and enemy to the gang which was headed by Francis Turatello.
Within a short period, Vallanzasca accumulated a lot of money due to the numerous robberies and thefts carried out by his gang, and began to live an extravagant lifestyle: he took to wearing expensive designer clothes, driving luxury cars and would usually be seen in the company of beautiful women. His looks earned him the nickname ""Il bel Renè"" (the handsome/pretty Renè), a nickname he detested.
First arrest and escape.
His smooth and successful criminal career was interrupted for the first time in 1972 when, ten days after the robbery of a supermarket, he was arrested by men belonging to the "squadra mobile" (flying squad) headed by Achille Serra. Serra later claimed that during the search of his house, Vallanzasca unstrung his gold Rolex wrist watch and put it on a table, telling him, ""If you succeed in tying this to me, it is yours"". A few minutes later, warrant officer Oscuri found some shreds of paper in the dustbin, which, once put together, showed a list of salaries of the employees in the supermarket previously robbed.
In 1973, his girlfriend Ripalta Pioggia, gives to birth their son, Massimiliano Domenico.
As a result, Vallanzasca was convicted and sent to the San Vittore penitentiary. During the four and a half years of imprisonment, he unsuccessfully attempted to escape from the prison more than once. In addition to the failed escape attempts, he was involved in numerous fights and beatings, and was also an active participant in the various prison riots which erupted in the local prison environment during this period. These factors caused him to be transferred to 36 different prisons within a four and a half year period. Eventually, he found a way of escaping by voluntarily contracting Hepatitis. He did this by ingesting rotten eggs, injecting urine intravenously into his blood stream and inhaling propane gas. He was then transferred to the hospital, where he managed to escape with the help of a complacent policeman.
Life as fugitive.
After his escape, on 25 July 1976, Valanzasca is free again. He still wants the money in the shortest time because he wants to go a bit of time with his girlfriend Ripalta and his son, Massimiliano; with them he will spend about a month between Sorrento and Cilento for later once returned to Milan, return to hiding.
After leaving son and girlfriend, Vallanzasca reassembled his old gang and began a series of new robberies, which totalled seventy. These robberies caused a few deaths, including those of four policemen, a doctor and a bank employee. He also committed four kidnappings for ransom, two of which were never reported to the police. One of the gang's victims was Emanuela Trapani, the daughter of a local Milanese entrepreneur who was held captive for over a month and a half, from December 1976 to January 1977, and then released upon the payment of a ransom of one billion in Italian currency. This incident coupled with the killing of two highway patrolmen who had stopped the car on which he was travelling to evade capture, caused him to flee Milan for Rome. There he was again recaptured. At this time, Vallanzasca had just turned 27 years old.
Return to prison.
After his return to prison, in 1979 Vallanzasca married his new girlfriend, Giuliana Brusa. His former enemy, Milanese crime boss Francis Turatello acted as best man, thus sealing a temporary alliance between the two. On August 17, 1981, Turatello was eventually assassinated at the Bad'e Carros, the high security prison in Nuoro, Sardinia, by a Neapolitan Camorrista Pasquale Barra, along with Vincenzo Andraus and Antonino Faro, two Sicilian Mafiosi from Catania, Sicily. The hit had been ordered by Raffaele Cutolo, the boss of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata.
On April 28, 1980, Vallanzasca again attempted to escape from the San Vittore prison in Milan. During time in the open air, a group of prisoners mysteriously produced three guns, and managed to make headway taking a "brigadiere" (roughly, a prison guard sergeant), Romano Saccoccio, as hostage. A firefight commenced in the streets of Milan, and followed in the underground tunnels. A wounded Vallanzasca was arrested together with nine other companions who escaped.
The Novara prison riot.
In the Novara prison, in 1981, he helped to set in motion a prison revolt in which some pentiti, or collaborators with Italian Justice lost their lives. Among them was a former member of his gang, Massimo Loi. According to Achille Serra, the young man who was in his early twenties had decided to abandon the path of crime and begin a new life in the legitimate world. However, Vallanzasca armed with a knife and supported by the prison crowd would not allow him to leave the prison unharmed. Loi was cornered inside his prison cell, alone and unarmed. Assisted by others, Vallanzasca repeatedly stabbed him in the chest with a knife, committing further atrocities on his mutilated corpse, finally beheading him. In an interview with L'Espresso on April 2, 2006, Vallanzasca vehemently denied any responsibility for the murder of Loi.
However, it is certain that Vallanzasca participated with high responsibility in the revolt at the Novara prison, during which two people were killed, one of which was Massimo Loi. It seems that Vallanzasca, in reality, was distanced from the gruesome episode, because there were others involved, as also they attest to the confessions of those days and dynamics of the revolt.
More escape attempts.
Sentenced to a harsh prison term, Vallanzasca succeeded in tricking the police officers and managed to escape on July 18, 1987 through a porthole of the ferry which carried him to Asinara, Sardinia. He was stopped at a traffic control post less than three weeks after, while he was trying to reach Trieste. After returning to prison, Vallanzasca again tried escaping from prison in 1995, this time from the Nuoro prison. In this escape attempt, he was accused and suspected of having been aided by his lawyer, with whom he had close links. His father Osvaldo Pistoia died on 10 January the following year, aged 95.
Present Life.
Since 1999, Vallanzasca has been incarcerated in a maximum security prison in the city of Voghera. After arresting, Vallanzasca assigned his god-son Nodaro (Nono) Chkheidze as a ringleader of his band. Nodaro nowadays lives in Georgia and leads his band from Tbilisi. He visits Renatinio (this way Nono calls Vallanzasca ) frequently in prison to get some advices from previous leader. How it seems Nodaro was the only person renato could have faith in. In the beginning of May, 2005, after having received a special three-hour permit to meet his elderly mother, he formalized a request for grace by sending a letter to the Ministry of Justice, and to the magistrate of surveillance of Pavia. On July 15, 2007, his mother, Mary wrote to the Italian president Giorgio Napolitano and the minister of Justice, Clemente Mastella, requesting clemency for her son. On September 15, 2007, Vallanzasca was notified by the head of state that all requests for clemency had been refused. He then continued serving his sentence at the Opera prison in Milan. 
On May 8, 2008, he married his childhood friend, Antonella D'Agostino. The marriage was formalised with a civil ceremony on May 5, 2008. 
Beginning in March 2010, Vallanzasca was given a permit to exit prison in the daytime to participate in work activities. He leaves his cell every day at 7:30 and returns at 19:00. His mother died on 8 February 2011, aged 94.

</doc>
<doc id="19230727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230727" title="UM Escobedo">
UM Escobedo

 
Unión Montañesa Escobedo is a Spanish football team based in Escobedo, Camargo, in the autonomous community of Cantabria. Founded in 1964 it plays in Tercera División – Group 3, holding home matches at "Estadio Eusebio Arce".
History.
Escobedo was founded in 1964. The team played in the regional leagues for the vast majority of its first 26 years, with the one exception being a season-long stay in Tercera División in 1967–68. 
The team returned to the category, now the national fourth division, twenty-one years later, remaining there for the subsequent decades. In 1991–92 and the following campaigns it was crowned division champions, adding four runner-up places; however, none of the ten promotion playoff visits to Segunda División B was successful. 
Escobedo reached the third round of the Copa del Rey in 1991–92, falling to CD Málaga 0–3 on aggregate. Two years later the club qualified to the same stage, losing over two legs to UE Lleida.
Stadium.
Escobedo’s home ground is the "Estadio Eusebio Arce", around a mile west of Muriedas, the capital of Camargo. It has a capacity of 2,000 seats with a low, cantilevered stand that runs the length of the pitch on the north side of the enclosure. The stand also houses the players changing facilities, club offices and a social club.

</doc>
<doc id="19230760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230760" title="Akebonochō Station">
Akebonochō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19230763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230763" title="Israeli–Palestinian conflict in Hebron">
Israeli–Palestinian conflict in Hebron

The Israeli–Palestinian conflict in Hebron refers to an ongoing conflict between Palestinians and Jewish settlers in the West Bank city of Hebron in the context of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Hebron has an Palestinian majority, consisting of some 170,000 citizens and a small Jewish minority, variously numbered between 500-800, living mainly near the outskirts of the city. The H1 sector of Hebron, home to around 120,000 Palestinians, is governed by the Palestinian Authority. H2, which was inhabited by around 30,000 Palestinians, is under Israeli military control in order to protect some 500-800 Jewish residents living in the old Jewish quarter.
History.
In the mid-19th century, Hebron was small town with a population of around 10,000, the majority of whom were Muslims. From December 1917, Hebron came under the rule of the Mandatory Palestine, a move sanctioned by the League of Nations. 
During the 1929 Hebron massacre, 67 Jews were killed by Arab rioters, and many incidents of rape, mutilation, and torture were reported. As a result, the Jewish community of 750 people was disbanded. In 1931, 160 Jews returned to the town, but after further Arab unrest, the British Government decided to move all Jews out of Hebron "to prevent another massacre".
The Sephardic Jewish community had been in Hebron continuously for approximately 800 years and the Ashkenazi community had roots there that went back at for about one century. Jews living there claim that they are resettling areas where Jews have lived since time immemorial.
At the beginning of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, Egypt occupied Hebron. By late 1948, part of the Egyptian forces had been isolated around Hebron and Bethlehem, Pasha Glubb sent 350 Arab Legionnaires and established a Jordanian presence in Hebron. With the signing of the Armistice agreements the city fell exclusively under Jordanian control. In 1950, the city was unilaterally incorporated into Jordan.
Israeli rule and Jewish re-settlement.
Following the June 1967 Six-Day War, Hebron came under Israeli control. The vacillations in the Israeli cabinet after the war, over annexation and the political realism in wanting to maintain the majority Jewish demographic of Israel left the Israeli leadership in a quandary in ways to deal with the newly occupied territories. Israel's position was that parts of the West Bank be traded for peace with Jordan. Under the Allon Plan, Israel was to annex 45% of the West Bank and Jordan the remainder.
In an interview with the "BBC" on July 12, 1967, Former Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion declared that:
"...in the cause of peace, Israel should take nothing in the conquered territories, with the exception of Hebron, which 'is more Jewish even than Jerusalem'." According to Randolph Churchill, he [Ben-Gurion] argued that ""Jerusalem became Jewish three thousand years ago under King David. but Hebron became Jewish four thousand years ago under Abraham and included a number of settlements that were destroyed two days before Israel was established.""
In 1968, a group of Jewish settlers led by Rabbi Moshe Levinger, with the tacit support of Levi Eshkol and Yigal Allon, rented out the main hotel in Hebron and refused to leave. This was short lived and through a government compromise the Jewish presence was moved east to a nearby abandoned army camp. The new settlement of Kiryat Arba was established. According to the American Jewish historian Ian Lustick:
'The government was caught by surprise. Internally divided, depending for its survival on the votes of the National Religious Party, and reluctant to forcibly evacuate the settlers from a city whose Jewish population had been massacred thirty-nine years earlier, the Labor government backed away from its original prohibition against civilian settlement in the area and permitted this group to remain within a military compound. After more than a year and a half of agitation and a bloody Arab attack on the Hebron settlers, the government agreed to allow Levinger's group to establish a town on the outskirts of the city.'"
Beginning in 1979, some Jewish settlers moved from Kiryat Arba to found the Committee of the Jewish Community of Hebron in the former Jewish neighbourhood near the Abraham Avinu Synagogue, and later to other Hebron neighborhoods including Tel Rumeida. They took over the former Hadassah Medical Center, Daboya Hospital, now Beit Hadassah in central Hebron, founding the committee. Before long this received Israeli government approval and a further three Jewish enclaves in the city were established with Israeli army assistance, and settlers are currently reported to be trying to purchase more homes in the city.
A total of 86 Jewish families now live in Hebron.
Post-Oslo Accord.
On 25 February 1994, Israeli physician Baruch Goldstein opened fire on Muslims at prayer in the Cave of the Patriarchs, killing 29, before the survivors overcame and killed him. 24 more Palestinians were killed in the ensuing suppression by Israeli police as local Palestinians protested and rioted, 6 on the following day at a demonstration in front of Hebron's hospital, and a further 18, (with some 37 more wounded) in ensuing clashes through till March 4. Two Israelis were killed and two wounded at the same time This event was condemned by the Israeli Government. The extreme right-wing Kach party was banned outright by the Israeli cabinet under 1948 anti-terrorism laws, following the groups support of Golstein's actions.
The first Temporary International Presence in Hebron (TIPH) mission was established on May 8, 1994 as a UN response to the massacre. However the Palestinian Authority and the Israeli government could not reach an agreement on the extension of the mandate and the observers were therefore withdrawn on August 8, 1994.
A year later, on April 3, 1995, the Hebron municipality, through its mayor Mustafa al-Natshe, invited the Christian Peacemaker Teams to function as a violence-reducing presence. Opposed to all forms of violence - they have informed local Israeli settlers that they 'stood with whomever was on the receiving end of a gun barrel,' they now assist the local Palestinian community cope with the numerous restrictions - settler harassment, home demolitions, curfews and land confiscations - they are subjected to by the occupying power in what CPT, whose function is to monitor the tensions and accompany the Palestinian Hebronites on their daily rounds, calls collective punishment.
The redeployment of Israeli military forces in Hebron in accordance with the Interim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip (the Interim Agreement or "Oslo II") of September 1995 was postponed on 28 March 1996. Since 17 January 1997, following re-negotiation of the Hebron Agreement, the city has been divided into two sectors: H1 and H2. The H1 sector, home to around 120,000 Palestinians, came under the control of the Palestinian Authority, in accordance with Hebron Protocol, shortly afterwards, Israeli and Palestinian joint units began patrolling the sensitive parts of the city. H2, which was inhabited by around 30,000 Palestinians, remained under Israeli military control in order to protect some 500-800 Jewish residents living in the old Jewish quarter, now an enclave near the center of the town. Renovation work that was being carried out on Palestinian homes prior to the Hebron agreement was halted on Israeli military orders. During the years since the outbreak of the Second Intifada, the Palestinian population in H2 has decreased greatly, the drop in large part having been identified with extended curfews and movement restrictions placed on Palestinian residents of the sector by the IDF for security needs, including the closing of Palestinian shops in certain areas. Settler harassment of their Palestinian neighbours in H2 was a reason for several dozen Palestinian families to depart the areas adjacent to the Israeli population.
The Hebron Jewish community has been subject to attacks by Palestinian militants since the Oslo agreement, especially during the periods of the Intifadas; which saw 3 fatal stabbings and 9 fatal shootings in between the first and second Intifada (0.9% of all fatalities in Israel and the West Bank) and 17 fatal shooting (9 soldiers and 8 settlers) and 2 fatalities from a bombing during the second Intifada. and thousands of rounds fired on it from the hills above the Abu-Sneina and Harat al-Sheikh neighbourhoods. According to Human Rights Watch in 2001, Palestinian areas of Hebron were frequently subject to indiscriminate firing by the IDF, leading to civilian casualties.
An international civilian observer force, the TIPH was subsequently re-established on 14 May 1996 to help the normalization of the situation and to maintain a buffer between the Palestinian Arab population of the city and the Jews residing in their enclave in the old city during the handing over period to the Palestinian Authority. On February 8, 2006, TIPH temporarily left Hebron after attacks on their headquarters by some Palestinians angered by the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy. TIPH came back to Hebron a few months later.
The city of Hebron has been a major friction point, with Palestinians and Israeli human rights groups accusing the hard-line religious settlers of attacking the Palestinian population with impunity. According to Human Rights Watch, Hebron commander Noam Tivon stated: 
Let there be no mistake about it. I am not from the UN. I am from the Israeli Defense Force. I did not come here to seek people to drink tea with, but first of all to ensure the security of the Jewish settlers.
Tivon maintained that the "Palestinian Authority is encouraging children to participate in clashes with the IDF by offering their families $300 per injury and $2,000 for anyone killed. He also said "the soldiers have acted with the utmost restraint and have not initiated any shooting attacks or violence."
In 2008, the Israeli NGO Breaking the Silence documented alleged abuses committed by Israeli soldiers guarding the Hebron settlers, Mario Vargas Llosa claimed that local Arabs are "subjected to systematic and ferocious harassment by settlers, who stone them, throw rubbish and excrement at their houses, invade and destroy their homes, and attack their children when they return from school, to the absolute indifference of Israeli soldiers who witness these atrocities." Breaking the Silence was criticized for refusing to support its claims with evidence.
The documentary Welcome to Hebron asserts that settlers often harass the local Palestinian population. In the film, a former commander of the Israeli army, one of the leading figures in Breaking The Silence, shared his experiences as a soldier in Hebron.
Israeli journalist Gideon Levi described the area around the Tel Rumeida settlement in the following terms:There is no neighbourhood like this one. Not a day passes without the throwing of stones, garbage, and feces at the frightened (Palestinian) neighburs cowering in their barricaded houses, afraid even to peek out the window. Neighbours whose way home is always a path of torment and anxiety. All this is happening right under the noses of the soldiers and police, representatives of the legal authorities, who mererly stand by.'
According to the Jewish residents, Palestinians regularly throw stones at Israeli children in school buses and playgrounds, leading to many injuries. Human Rights Watch reported that Palestinian gunfire has caused significant damage to many Jewish homes in Hebron, and an Israeli investigation found that the Jewish population felt "permanently exposed to Arab hostilities" due to frequent arson attacks, looting, and property damage.
In September and October 2008 reports stated to leak out about the possibility of a transfer of authority for security operations.
Rationale for Jewish settlement.
The sentiments of Jews who fled the 1929 Hebron massacre and their descendants are mixed. Some advocate the continued settlement of Hebron as a way to continue the Jewish heritage in the city, while others suggest that settlers should try to live in peace with the Arabs there, with some even recommending the complete pullout of all settlers in Hebron. Descendants supporting the latter views have met with Palestinian leaders in Hebron. The two most public examples of the descendants' views are the 1997 statement made by an association of some descendants dissociating themselves from the then-current Jewish settlers in Hebron and calling them an obstacle to peace, and the May 15, 2006 letter sent to the Israeli government by other descendants urging the government to continue its support of Jewish settlement in Hebron in their names, and urged it to allow the return of eight Jewish families evacuated the previous January from the homes they set up in empty shops near the Avraham Avinu neighborhood. Beit HaShalom, was established in 2007. One of the purchasers is a descendant of Jews who fled Hebron during Arab massacres.
List of incidents in Hebron.
1953
22 December 1953. 4 soldiers of the Israeli commando unit 101 under Meir Ha Tzion, attacked a house on the outskirts of Hebron and killed 2 men and a woman occupant.
1968
October 9: an 17-year-old Palestinian threw a grenade at Jews praying at the tomb, injuring 47, among them an 8-month-old baby.
December 29: Palestinians attacked a security post.
1976
August 7: Palestinians shot at a tour bus, injuring two Jewish civilians.
October 3: a mob of Palestinians broke into the tomb a desecrated a number of Torah scrolls. 61 were arrested.
1980
May 2: 6 Jews were murdered and 20 injured at 7:30 pm Friday evening while returning home from prayer services on foot, in accordance with Jewish religious law on the Sabbath. They were attacked from behind with gunfire and grenades from the rooftops around a small alley.
May 21: a Jewish woman was injured when a Molotov cocktail was thrown at her car.
June 2: Israeli settler group based in Kiryat Arba set a bomb off in Hebron market 11 Palestinian civilians were injured.
1980
February 10: an Israeli was stabbed and injured.
1983
July 7: The commander of the central region ordered the dismissal of the municipal council of Hebron and of acting mayor Mustafa Natche (the Mayor, Fahd Al Kawasme, having been expelled from the OTP on 2 May 1980) and appointed a Jewish member of the civilian administration to the post of mayor of Hebron municipality. Mustafa Natche was able to re-take his post again in April 1994.
July: 3 Palestinians killed Aharon Gross, an 18-year-old Jewish student, in a crowded market by slitting his throat.
July 25: 3 Palestinian students killed in an attack on the Islamic College in Hebron.
1985
August 10: an Israeli resident was stabbed in the Hebron casbah.
1986
April 25: a 16-year-old Jew was stabbed.
June 6: a Jewish resident was stabbed and injured.
September 14: an Palestinian woman stabbed an Israeli soldier in the tomb.
October 16: a Jewish resident was stabbed.
1988
In September Zein Moh’d Ghazi Karaki was shot to death.
September 30, Palestinian shoe store owner Kayed Hassan Salah was shot dead and a customer was wounded by Rabbi Moshe Levinger.
1989
28 August Bayiha Najar Nawaj'a was killed in the centre of Hebron, allegedly by Israeli settlers.
1992
February 4: Mustafa Akawi died under interrogation in the GSS interrogation wing of the Hebron prison.
October 25: Arab terrorists opened fire on Israeli soldiers, killing 1 and injuring 2.
1993
March 23: Israeli settler Yoram Skolnik fired several shots from his Uzi submachine gun and killed Musa Abu Sabha, a Palestinian who lay face down, his hands tied behind him. Abu Sabha had been caught near the "Susia" settlement, south of Hebron, carrying a knife and a grenade, and had stabbed and slightly wounded a settler before he was subdued.
May 28: Erez Shmuel, a yeshiva student, was stabbed to death by Palestinian terrorists.
September 16: Palestinians celebrating in support of the Israeli-Palestinian accord in Halhul village came under fire from Israeli troops and as a result, a young Palestinian was injured.
October 5: Israeli troops shot and injured a Palestinian.
November 7: Efraim Ayubi of Kfar Darom, Rabbi Chaim Druckman's personal driver, was shot to death by Palestinian gunmen and the Rabbi wounded near Hebron. HAMAS publicly claimed responsibility for the murder. Settlers then rioted wounding 3 Palestinians.
November 14: Jewish settlers shot and killed a young Palestinian after he stabbed and injured a settler near the Ibrahimi Mosque.
November 16: Jewish settlers overturned market stalls, smashed cars and broke car windshields.
December 3: A young Palestinian was shot and injured by Jewish settlers in Hebron.
December 5: A group of Jewish settlers from Kiryat Arba ambushed and killed a Palestinian resident from Hebron. The killing triggered demonstrations and protests all over the West Bank.
December 6: Mordechai Lapid and his son Shalom Lapid, age 19, were shot to death by Palestinian gunmen near Hebron. Hamas publicly claimed responsibility for the attack.
December 10: Three Palestinians, two brothers and a cousin, were assassinated by Jewish settlers while sitting in a parked car near Hebron.
1994
January 13: three Israeli soldiers were injured after been shot at by Palestinians in an ambush near Hebron.
January 14: Israeli troops fired anti-tank rockets into a house near Hebron killing the four Palestinians who were barricaded in the house.
January 18: Israeli troops opened fire during clashes with Palestinian demonstrators injuring 9 in Hebron.
February: Three Israeli settlers were shot and injured by Palestinian gunmen in an ambush near Hebron.
February 17: Yuval Golan, stabbed on December 29, 1993 by a Palestinian gunman near Adarim in the Hebron area, died of his wounds.
February 18,: An Israeli settler's car was ambushed by a Hamas unit near Hebron, killing a pregnant Jewish settler.
February 25: The Goldstein attack on Muslims at prayer in the Ibrahimi Mosque, 29 Palestinians killed. In the ensuing riots in the West Bank, Jerusalem and Gaza Strip a further 25 Palestinians were killed.
April 7: It was claimed that a settler deliberately ran his car into a Palestinian and his 5 year old son. Israeli police said that it was a car accident.
May 17: Rafael Yairi (Klumfenbert), 36, of Kiryat Arba, and Margalit Ruth Shohat, 48, of Ma'ale Levona, were killed when their car was fired upon by gunmen in a passing car near Beit Haggai, south of Hebron.
June 4: A home-made grenade was hurled at an Israeli army post injuring 6 Palestinians. The IDF opened fire at stone throwers and injured 8 of them. In a clash following this incident, 4 soldiers and 6 Palestinians were injured.
June 17: Israeli troops shot and wounded four Palestinians during clashes.
July 7: Sarit Prigal, a 17-year-old Israeli resident, was killed in a Palestinian drive-by-shooting.
July 18: Israeli troops shot and wounded two Palestinians.
July 22: 17 Palestinians were injured in clashes with Israeli troops.
August 26: Israeli troops shot and wounded three Palestinians during a clash at the police square.
September Members of the ""The Jewish Underground of Revenge"" are arrested by the Israeli secret police.
September 22: Several thousand West Bank Jewish settlers and their supporters from Israel skirmished with Israeli border police for more than four hours before a group of religious Jews were able to brake into the Ibrahimi Mosque, which has been closed for 7 months after the massacre of 29 Muslims in February. At least four people were injured and 20 were arrested.
October 1: Israeli soldiers shot and killed a Palestinian man who stabbed and wounded an Israeli soldier.
October 7: Razi Haymouni, 23, a Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli border police after he tried to pour acid on two policemen near the Ibrahimi Mosque.
October 16: Israeli troops shot dead Imad al-Adarba, 23 in Hebron.
October 23: Nidal Said al-Tamimi, 22, shot dead after he reportedly tried to stab a soldier. He had been recently released from an Israeli jail.
November 27: Rabbi Amiran Olami, 34, of Otniel was killed and an Israeli policeman wounded near Beit Hagai 10 km south of Hebron by shots fired from a passing car.
November 29: Israeli police arrested 10 Jewish settlers as they attempted to invade the Moslem-designated area in the Ibrahimi Mosque. Among those arrested was Yehuda Etzion, who was jailed for attempting to blow up the Dome of the Rock in East Jerusalem in 1984 and was granted amnesty after four years in jail.
1995
January 15: A shoulder-held anti-tank missile (LAW) was fired at a Jewish apartment in Hebron, 10 LAW missiles had been taken from an Israeli Military base on the West Bank.
March 14: 4 home made bombs were found by Israeli police on a road at the northern entrance to Hebron.
March 19: Nahum Hoss, 31, of Hebron and Yehuda Fartush, 34, of Kiryat Arba, were killed and 6 settlers wounded when Palestinian gunmen fired on an Egged bus at a crossroads close to the Kiryat Arba settlement near the entrance to Hebron Several settlers then went on a "rampage" in Halhul village, near Hebron, shooting one Palestinian.
April 17: 3 Palestinians killed in IDF ambush.
June 4: A 13-year-old Palestinian boy was killed and his eight-year-old brother was wounded in Hebron when an Israeli army bomb exploded near their home.
June 29: Israeli special forces killed a senior member of Hamas movement in Hebron.
July 2: A 17-year-old Palestinian was killed by an Israeli soldier.
July 12: Settlers demonstrations against the expansion of self-rule in the West Bank led to clashes, Israeli police arrested 38 Israeli settlers who blocked the main road leading from Jerusalem to Hebron in the West Bank. The spokesman of the Council of Jewish settlers in the West Bank, said this was the opening salve in a campaign of civil disobedience by the settlers to prevent the extension of Palestinian self-rule.
September 8: Five armed men in Israeli army uniforms, some of them masked, forced their way into private homes in Halhoul town 5 kilometres North of Hebron and interrogated the residents. During the assault they shot dead a young Palestinian man as his father watched. A Jewish extremist organization claimed responsibility for the attack.
September 9: Jewish settlers raided a Palestinian girls school and beat the schools headmistress also injured four pupils who had taken part in a street protest.
September 14: Hundreds of Palestinians clashed with Israeli troops, a Palestinian girl and a cameraman from the International Network were injured.
September 30: (Saturday) Yigal Amir (Yitzhak Rabin's assassin) was in a group of 20 Israeli who attacked Kathleen Kern and Wendy Lehman of Christian Peacemaker Team on Duboya Street while the women were filming. It was reported that the demonstrators were throwing stones, eggs and smashed the windows of 13 Palestinian cars and 5 houses.
October 13: The Israeli army closed three offices of the Palestinian Authority in Hebron including the offices of information, municipality and national solidarity, which were located next to Jewish settlers homes in the town.
1996
January 16, Sgt. Yaniv Shimel and Major Oz Tibon, both of Jerusalem, were killed when Palestinian gunmen fired on their car on the Hebron-Jerusalem road, reportedly in revenge for the assassination of Yehiya Ayyash.
March 22, The Israeli army arrested three Palestinians from Hebron believed to be involved in the suicide bombings in Israel.
April 2, More than 700 Palestinian marched through the city of Hebron protesting the Israeli closure of the West Bank and Gaza from February.
April 7 Two petrol bombs were thrown at an Israeli bus about 100 meters south of the entrance of Beit Omar near Hebron, injuring five Israelis.
1997
January 1, Hebron Market shot up by Israeli settler/soldier Noam Friedman, wounding seven Palestinians.
January 31 Israelis beat a Palestinian youth and detained him while he was trying to force his way into the Ibrahimi mosque. The incident set off further scuffles.
March 10 Israeli soldiers in Hebron beat Palestinians who tried to stop workers from opening a road for Jewish settlers through land claimed by the Palestinians.
March 21 -April 11, 3 weeks of protests throughout the West Bank demonstrating against the Israeli settlement construction at Jabal Abu Ghneim (Har Homa), Jerusalem. The protests in Hebron alone led to 2 Dead, Kamal al-Zaro, shot dead at a road block into H2 area and an Israeli settler shot dead Asem Arafeh, 24, a shopkeeper, with 276 injured in the clashes.
1998
Aug. 20, Rabbi Shlomo Ra'anan, 63, was stabbed to death in the bedroom of his caravan in Hebron
Oct. 26, Danny Vargas, 29, of Kiryat Arba was shot to death in Hebron.
1999
Jan. 13, Sergeant Yehoshua Gavriel, 25, of Ashdod, was killed when gunmen opened fire at the Othniel junction near Hebron.
August 8, After a shooting at 2 settlers in Hebron city centre the Hamas military wing, the ‘Iz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades released a statement taking responsibility.
2000
February 10: A Palestinian woman from the West Bank town of Hebron died of a heart attack after Israeli soldiers delayed her transfer to a hospital while they were searching her house. Hebron municipal sources said Fatimah Abu Rmeileh, 62, began feeling ill and her husband asked for an ambulance, while 10 soldiers sealed and searched their house. The Army said it found weapons and anti-Israeli propaganda during routine checks.
October 20: Jordanian citizen Walid J'afreh killed by IDF in Tarqumya, Hebron district
December 8: Palestinian militants opened fire on a car carrying four female teachers. One of them, Rina Didovsky, 39, was killed along with the driver, 41-year old Eliyahu Ben Ami. Another woman was also injured.
On December 22: Muhammad Najib ‘Abido, killed by gunfire at Beit Hagai, near Hebron.
2001
February 1: Dr. Shmuel Gillis, 42, of Karmei Tzur, was killed by Palestinian gunmen who fired eleven times at his car near the Aroub refugee camp on the Jerusalem-Hebron highway.
March 10: Israeli resident Elad Pass, 18, was shot by a Palestinian in the Avraham Avino neighborhood.
March 26: Shalhevet Pass, age 10 months, was shot dead by member of the Tanzim militant group at the entrance to the Avraham Avinu neighborhood in Hebron. The murder shocked the Israeli public because the official investigation ruled that the Palestinian sniper had intentionally aimed for the baby.
July 19: Muhammad Helmi a-Tameizi along with Diaa' Marwan a-Tameizi Under 1 year-old and Muhammad Salameh a-Tameizi was shot dead by settlers while driving by Idhna, Hebron district.
2002
March 27: Two Temporary International Presence in Hebron observers were killed by Palestinian gunmen in a shooting attack on the road to Hebron, Cengiz Soytunc (Turkish) and Catherine Berruex (Swiss).
April: During Operation Defensive Shield, the IDF took control of the whole city and set up permanent guard towers in H-1. The official TIPH Internet site notes: "Since then, the Israeli army operates over the entire area in violation of the agreements."
April: Israeli raid on the West Bank city of Hebron. A least 1 Palestinian was killed early in the raid and then at an Israeli checkpoint 1 Palestinian policeman was killed and 4 others wounded.
July 28: 14 year old Nivin Jamjum was shot dead in Hebron, when settlers rioted in Hebron.
November 15: 12 Israelis were killed in an ambush of Israeli security personnel in the Wadi an-Nasara neighborhood of Hebron. Of the 12 four were IDF soldiers, five Border Police, and three were from the Kiryat Arba Emergency Response Team. Several high-ranking officers, among them Hebron Brigade commander Colonel Dror Weinberg, were killed. The three Palestinian gunmen were also killed in the 90 minuet fire fight.
November 16: Israeli forces re-enter H1 areas carrying out mass arrests (40) and demolishing 4 houses.
November 26: there are conflicting reports about the death of a 4 year old Palestinian child. IDF reports said the child had been hit by splinters from a hand grenade thrown at soldiers by Palestinian youths.
2003
March 9: Rabbi Eli Horowitz, 52, and his wife Dina, 50, were killed in their home while celebrating the Sabbath. 5 other Israelis were injured. Hamas claimed responsibility.
May 17: a pregnant Israeli woman and her husband were killed when a suicide bomber detonated himself next to them in a public square in Hebron. Hamas claimed responsibility.
September 9: Thaer Monsur Noman al-Sayouri, aged 9, was killed by IDF tank fire to his head while in his home during an incursion in Hebron.
September 26: Eyal Yeberbaum, 27, and 7-month old infant Shaked Avraham were shot dead by a Palestinian who knocked on the door of a home in Negohot, 9 km west of Hebron, during a celebratory Rosh Hashana (Jewish New Year holiday) dinner. Islamic Jihad took responsibility for the attack.
In 2003 a company of Israeli border police was disbanded after an incident gained international notoriety where 2 border policemen beat a Palestinian and threw him from the back of the jeep which was traveling at approximately 80 km/h to celebrate their end of "tour of duty". In 2008 The 4 Israeli border guards involved in the incident were eventually convicted of the offences of falsifying records, robbery, abduction and the killing of Amran Abu Hamatiya.
2004
March 10, Thaer Mohammad Harun Eid al-Halika, 15, of Shioukh al-Aroob, near Hebron, killed by IDF gunfire to his back at close range on his way home near Route 60.
April 25, The Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades claimed responsibility for the attack in which killed Border Policeman Cpl. Yaniv Mashiah, 20, of Jaffa, and where three others were lightly wounded just an hour after the beginning of Memorial Day for Israel's fallen soldiers when shots were fired at their vehicle near Hebron.
September 29, A group of five Israeli settlers attacked and seriously wounded two U.S. citizens, members of an NGO, who were escorting Palestinian children to school near Hebron.
2005
January 6, Hamzah Abdul-Minem Jaber 9 years old, killed by an IDF jeep on the main road near his home in Hebron.
February 14, after being beaten Sabri Fayez Younis al-Rjoub, 17, of Dura, near Hebron was killed by IDF gunfire to his chest, abdomen, pelvis and right leg.
21 May In Hebron, 10s of Jewish settlers attack Palestinian homes to protest a solidarity visit to the Palestinians by several Israeli peace activists; Jewish settlers from Beit Hadasah settlement, chase and throw stones, eggs, tomatoes at Palestinian girls at a nearby elementary school.
26 May IDF soldiers break into, occupy a Palestinian home in Hebron to watch a soccer championship on the family's satellite TV. the IDF confirms the incident took place, says the cmdr. of the squad has been suspended.
29 May The IDF fatally shoots a Palestinian with a hearing problem who fails orders to halt near Hebron's Ibrahimi Mosque/Tomb of the Patriarchs.
2006
January 14, The TIPH said dozens of Israeli settler youths attacked five of its members, mostly US citizens, near the "Beit Hadassah" settlement. The workers were slightly injured, and two required medical treatment. Police informed the organization that it would be required to leave the area by 22 January, as all Jewish sections of the city would be closed as a military zone. Israeli security forces were able to suspended the military closure on Jewish areas of Hebron, removed roadblocks at the entrances to settlements and eased identity checks when most of the non-residents, who entered Hebron to support the rioting settlers left.
January 17, Amidst protests against an Israeli order to evict nine Jewish families squatting in an area taken from Palestinians in Hebron after the start of the intifada, Israeli police forcibly removed a handful of settler youths from the squat to try to end days of unrest. Late the previous day, the military had declared the area "a closed military zone" to non-residents.
January 18, Olmert ordered the IDF to immediately remove nine Jewish families (some 50 people) squatting illegally on a Palestinian fruit and vegetable market in Hebron. The decision followed consultations with security officials and the new Foreign Minister, Tzipi Livni, who is also Justice Minister. The settlers have so far rejected the proposal. Five settlers there were arrested by security forces.
January 19, Israeli troops had shot dead a Palestinian teenager near Hebron IDF and witnesses said he was trying to throw a fire bomb at an IDF patrol near one of the settlements.
2007
January 21, The Jewish settler Yifat Alkobi pressed her face while repeatedly hissing "sharmuta" – whore – at her married Palestinian neighbour, Abu Ayesha. A Video of Settler abusing Palestinians in Hebron received International media attention and her actions widely condemned.
And where, according to testimony given by Taysir Abu Ayesha, Baruch Marzel broke into the house with 10 other settlers in the winter of 2002, beat him and attempted to drag him into the road before he was rescued by his stick-brandishing father.
March Israeli settlers escorted in the 'House of Contention'
June 8, Hijazi Muhammad Abdul-Aziz Rzaiqat, 17, of Taffouh, near Hebron, shot to death by IDF gunfire to his chest, abdomen, left shoulder and right thigh while hunting birds with a gun.
July 3, Ahmad Abdul-Muhsen Abdul-Rahim al-Skafi, 15, of Hebron, killed by IDF gunfire to his head while carrying a toy gun.
August Hillel Weiss, father of Tehila Yahalom, verbally abused Hebron Brigade commander Col. Yehuda Fuchs, while IDF troops evacuated 2 settler families from the Hebron wholesale market. Bar-Ilan University, where Weiss is a professor, has publicly distanced itself from his remarks and criticized Weiss.
2008
February 13, the 15-month prison sentence and reduction to the rank of private of Lieutenant Ya'akov Gigi was confirmed for a "wild rampage" in the West Bank where Gigi and five of his soldiers hijacked a Palestinian taxi in July 2007 in the West Bank village of Dahariya, near Hebron. The version of events that Gigi gave was found to be false. First Sergeant Dror, who shot a Palestinian in the neck severely wounding him claims that the way the Palestinian looked at him was enough to classify him as a "suspect" and to justify opening fire.
In February the IDF ordered an orphanage run by the Islamic Charitable Society (ICS), that houses 240 orphans, in Hebron closed, based on the ICS's alleged promotion of 'terrorism'. The ICS disputes these charges.
May 2, Khalil Ahmad Mahmoud a-Za'arir was killed after attempting to stab a soldier at a Hebron checkpoint.
July 9, Avner Inbar, an Israeli, taking a group of South African Human rights activists, that included Zackie Achmat and Edwin Cameronon, on a tour of Hebron reported that the group was verbally abused by settlers. Three Israelis were arrested for disturbing the peace.
August, al-Ras Mosque, located next to al-Rajabi House settlement became the target of settler attacks during early August 2008 with large quantities of rubbish were placed at the entrance of the Mosque and was again attacked on August 11, 2008 when Israeli settlers from the al-Rajabi House settlement attempted to set fire to the mosque.
During the second week of August a total of five civilians – three Palestinians and two foreigners, including two UNRWA staff and one child, were physically assaulted and injured.
7 August Israeli settlers from Giv'at Ha'avot settlement (next to Kiryat Arba) attacked five nearby Palestinian houses with rocks and bottles.
August Hebron settlers attacked a group of visiting UK diplomats. Breaking the Silence only take small parties so as not to constitute a "group" as settlers regularly attacked "Breaking the Silence" tours.
October 25 Settlers destroyed Muslim graves and 80 Palestinian cars during a riot against the IDF, as the army dismantled a new settlement near Hebron.
On 6 December, Israelis from the House of Contention, also called the House of Peace, are evicted by Israeli police after the Palestinian they purchased it from claimed that it had been "stolen".
The settlers at the Hebron house - called the House of Peace by settlers but the House of Contention by the media - claimed they had bought the building legally two years ago from a Palestinian. The Palestinian has denied selling the building to the settlers, and last month the Israeli supreme court said the house should be evacuated until the ownership dispute was settled.
On 7 December, in the aftermath of the evacuation, Israelis and Palestinians clashed. As a result, 35 Israelis and 17 Palestinians were injured. An Israeli soldier, Corporal Avraham Schneider of the elite Givati Brigade and settler from Kiryat Arba, was arrested for firing a gun in the air during the riots.
The incident was characterized as "a pogrom" by then Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, who said he was ashamed "as a Jew". Four years later, the court ruled in favor of the Israelis in the dispute over the building after they provided a video of the Palestinian who had claimed it was stolen counting the money he had received for it.
2010
In February 2010, in an incident compared to the Tapuah junction stabbing, one of a group of militants who were throwing rocks at a Jewish home attempted to stab one of the soldiers who arrived to stop them.
In the June 2010 IDF Tik Tok incident there was an international media flap when a group of Israeli soldiers was filmed dancing in the streets of Hebron while on patrol in full combat gear to Tik Tok, a song by pop star Kesha.
In August, Hamas terrorists killed four Israelis in a drive-by shooting: Yitzhak Ames, Tali Ames, Kochava Even Chaim, and Avishai Shindler. Tali Ames was nine months pregnant when she was killed. Hamas hailed the killings as "heroic" and promised the kill more Israelis living in the West Bank.
2011
In October, Israeli resident Asher Palmer, 25, and his infant son Yonatan were killed in a Palestinian stoning attack. Another Palestinian who witnessed the attack stole Asher's wallet and handgun.
2012
In July, three Israeli children were injured when Palestinians from Casbah threw stones at a playground in the Avraham Avinu neighborhood. One of the victims was the 10-year-old sister of Shalhevet Pass, who was shot dead as an infant by a Palestinian sniper in 2001.
That same month, a 60-year-old Israeli man was attacked with a boulder by a Palestinian while bathing in the Abraham spring at Tel Rumeida in what was called an attempted murder. He was hospitalized in moderate condition. The site, which is thought to be over 3,000 years old, is regarded as holy by the Jews.
In September, the court ruled in favor of Israelis who had been expelled from their home four years earlier after a Palestinian they had purchased it from claimed that it had been "stolen". The Israelis had provided a film of him receiving the money paid for the building.
In December, a 17 year old Palestinian was shot at a checkpoint by a female soldier. The soldier was later awarded a certificate of merit, as it had been believed that the boy had attempted to carry out a terror attack. Palestinians rioted afterwards, and his father, trying to get in the ambulance with him, was allegedly hit by soldiers and had to be hospitalized. There are conflicting accounts surrounding the details of the shooting. According to testimony collected by B'tselem, the boy was asked to approach the border policeman who discovered a toy gun. The toy gun was confiscated and a fight broke out with the boy attempting to get it back. He was shot and killed during that struggle. The IDF reported that the boy attacked the officers and that they acted properly in response. It was also reported that the boy had pulled out the toy gun after being asked to identify himself and that the soldier had believed the gun to be real at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19230765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230765" title="Marcone Amaral Costa">
Marcone Amaral Costa

Marcone Amaral Costa Jr. known as Marcone (born 5 April 1978) is a naturalized Qatari footballer who plays for Al-Arabi SC. His name has also been misspelled as Marconi.
Biography.
Brazil.
Born in Poções, Bahia, Marcone started his career at state capital Salvador. He made his Série A debut in 1997 season, played 10 games. After played for the team at 1998 Copa do Brasil and 1998 Campeonato Baiano, he was signed by Italian club A.C. Venezia along with Bilica and Tácio, however at that time Italian Football Federation imposed a quota on how many non-EU player that a team to keep and field them, thus Marcone was loaned to Swiss side Bellinzona.
He then returned to Vitória and played in 1999 Copa do Brasil and 1999 Campeonato Baiano. He left the club before the start of 1999 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A. He returned to the team for Copa João Havelange. After played for the team at 2001 Copa do Brasil and 2001 Campeonato Baiano, he was transferred to Vila Nova of 2001 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
In 2003 he left for Estrela do Norte. After played for União Barbarense at 2004 Copa do Brasil and 2004 Campeonato Paulista, he left for Marília. He played 4 games in 2004 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, all as substitutes.
Qatar.
In July 2004 he left for Qatari side Al-Shamal. He then left for Al-Gharafa. He only played twice in 2010 AFC Champions League, on group stage match 6 and the succeeding round of 16 match.
In July 2011, it was announced on the QFA website that Marcone had left Al-Gharafa to join the recently promoted El Jaish.
Club career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of 21 August 2011"
1Includes Emir of Qatar Cup.
2Includes Sheikh Jassem Cup.
3Includes AFC Champions League.
International career.
Marcone played for Qatar after lived for the county for more than 2 years (FIFA requirement). He played 9 games in 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification.
He was the captain of Qatar team at 2010 Asian Games as one of the three overage players.

</doc>
<doc id="19230767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230767" title="Odin">
Odin

Odin (; from Old Norse "Óðinn") is a major god in most if not all branches of Germanic mythology especially in the Norse mythology branch of Germanic mythology, the Allfather of the gods, and the ruler of Asgard. Homologous with the Old English "Wōden", the Old Saxon "Wôdan" and the Old High German "Wôtan", the name is descended from Proto-Germanic "*Wōdanaz" or "*Wōđanaz".
"Odin" is generally accepted as the modern English form of the name, although, in some cases, older forms may be used or preferred. His name is related to "ōðr", meaning "fury, excitation", besides "mind", or "poetry". His role, like that of many of the Norse gods, is complex. Odin is a principal member of the Æsir (the major group of the Norse pantheon) and is associated with war, battle, victory and death, but also wisdom, Shamanism, magic, poetry, prophecy, and the hunt. Odin has many sons, the most famous of whom is the thunder god Thor.
Etymology.
Odin's name is formed from two words: first ""óðr"" which means “"ecstasy, fury, inspiration and poetry"”. The second word is the suffix ""-inn"" which is a masculine article that when added to another word gives the meaning of ""master of"" or ""perfect example of"".
Origin.
Worship of Odin may date to Proto-Germanic paganism. The Roman historian Tacitus may refer to Odin when he mentions Mercury as the chief god of the Germanic tribes. The reason is that, like Mercury, Odin was regarded as a Psychopomp, "guide of souls" and considered the god who brought poetry to mankind.
Originally, Odin was possibly considered mainly a shamanistic god and the leader of the war band. His consort was presumably Frijjō. The ascetic ritual of hanging from the world tree, Odin's practice of seidr, his familiar animals (Sleipnir, Hugin and Munin) and his connection to ecstatic inspiration all suggest his role as the prototypical shaman. As the society changed, Odin's shamanistic role became less prominent, although it remained one of his attributes, and he was mostly considered the wise king of the gods and bringer of victory. Frijjō presumably split into Frigg and Freyja, with Freyja being the one to receive most of the shaman's aspects.
Parallels between Odin and the Celtic Lugus have often been pointed out. Both are intellectual gods, commanding magic and poetry. Both have ravens and a spear as their attributes. Julius Caesar ("de bello Gallico", 6.17.1) mentions Mercury as the chief god of Celtic religion. A likely context of the diffusion of elements of Celtic ritual into Germanic culture is that of the Chatti, who lived at the Celtic-Germanic boundary in Hesse during the final centuries before the Common Era.
Adam of Bremen.
Written around 1080, one of the oldest written sources on pre-Christian Scandinavian religious practices is Adam of Bremen's "Gesta Hammaburgensis ecclesiae pontificum". Adam claimed to have access to first-hand accounts on pagan practices in Sweden. His description of the Temple at Uppsala gives some details on the god.
"Poetic Edda".
"Völuspá".
In the poem "Völuspá", a völva tells Odin of numerous events reaching far into the past and future, including his own doom. The Völva describes creation, recounts the birth of Odin by his father Borr and his mother Bestla and how Odin and his brothers formed Midgard from the sea. She further describes the creation of the first human beings – Ask and Embla – by Hœnir, Lóðurr and Odin.
Amongst various other events, the Völva mentions Odin's involvement in the Æsir-Vanir War, the self-sacrifice of Odin's eye at Mímir's Well, the death of his son Baldr. She describes how Odin is slain by the wolf Fenrir at Ragnarök, the subsequent avenging of Odin and death of Fenrir by his son Víðarr, how the world disappears into flames and, yet, how the earth again rises from the sea. She then relates how the surviving Æsir remember the deeds of Odin.
"Lokasenna".
In the poem "Lokasenna", the conversation of Odin and Loki starts with Odin trying to defend Gefjun and ends with his wife, Frigga, defending him. In "Lokasenna", Loki derides Odin for practicing seid (witchcraft), implying it is women's work. Another example of this may be found in the "Ynglinga saga" where Snorri opines that men who used seid were "ergi" or "unmanly".
"Hávamál".
In "Rúnatal", a section of the "Hávamál", Odin is attributed with discovering the runes. In a sacrifice to himself, the highest of the gods, he was hanged from the world tree Yggdrasil for nine days and nights, pierced by his own spear, in order to learn the wisdom that would give him power in the nine worlds. Nine is a significant number in Norse magical practice (there were, for example, nine realms of existence), thereby learning nine (later eighteen) magical songs and eighteen magical runes.
One of Odin's names is "Ygg", and the Norse name for the World Ash —Yggdrasil—therefore could mean "Ygg's (Odin's) horse". Another of Odin's names is "Hangatýr", the god of the hanged.
"Hárbarðsljóð".
In "Hárbarðsljóð", Odin, disguised as the ferryman Hárbarðr, engages his son Thor, unaware of the disguise, in a long argument. Thor is attempting to get around a large lake and Hárbarðr refuses to ferry him.
"Prose Edda".
Odin had three residences in Asgard. First was Gladsheim, a vast hall where he presided over the twelve Diar or Judges, whom he had appointed to regulate the affairs of Asgard. Second, Valaskjálf, built of solid silver, in which there was an elevated place, Hlidskjalf; from his throne on Hlidskjalf he could perceive all that passed throughout the whole earth. Third was Valhalla (the hall of the fallen), where Odin received the souls of the warriors killed in battle, called the Einherjar. Valhalla has five hundred and forty gates, and a vast hall of gold, hung around with golden shields, and spears and coats of mail.
A number of magical artifacts are associated with Odin: the spear Gungnir, which never misses its target; a magical gold ring (Draupnir), from which every ninth night eight new rings appear; and two ravens Huginn and Muninn ("Thought" and "Memory"), who fly around Earth daily and report the happenings of the world to Odin in Valhalla at night. He also owned Sleipnir, an eight-legged horse, who was given to Odin by Loki, and the severed head of Mímir, which foretold the future. He also commands a pair of wolves named Geri and Freki, to whom he gives his food in Valhalla since he consumes nothing but mead or wine. The Valknut (slain warrior's knot) is a symbol associated with Odin, consisting of three interlaced triangles.
Odin is an ambivalent deity. Connotations of Odin during the old Norse age lie with "poetry, inspiration" as well as with "fury, madness and the wanderer". Odin sacrificed one of his eyes at Mímir's spring in order to gain the Wisdom of Ages. Odin gives to worthy poets the mead of inspiration, made by the dwarfs, from the vessel "Óð-rœrir".
Odin is associated with the concept of the Wild Hunt, a noisy, bellowing movement across the sky, leading a host of slain warriors.
Consistent with this, Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda depicts Odin as welcoming the great warriors who have died in battle into his hall, Valhalla, which, when literally interpreted, signifies the hall of the slain. The fallen, the "einherjar", are assembled and entertained by Odin so that they in return might support and fight for the gods in the final battle of the end of Earth, Ragnarök. Snorri also wrote that Freyja receives half of the fallen in her hall Folkvang. The souls of women warriors, and those strong and beautiful women whom Odin favored, became valkyries.
He is also a god of war, appearing throughout Norse myth as the bringer of victory. In the Norse sagas, Odin sometimes acts as the instigator of wars, and is said to have been able to start wars by simply throwing down his spear Gungnir, and/or sending his valkyries, to influence the battle toward the end that he desires. The Valkyries are Odin's beautiful battle maidens that went out to the fields of war to select and collect the worthy men who died in battle to come and sit at "Odin's table" in Valhalla, feasting and battling until they had to fight in Ragnarök. Odin would also appear on the battlefield, sitting upon his eight-legged horse Sleipnir, with his two ravens Hugin and Munin, one on each shoulder, and two wolves Geri and Freki on either side of him.
Odin is also associated with trickery, cunning, and deception. Most sagas have tales of Odin using his cunning to overcome adversaries and achieve his goals, such as swindling the blood of Kvasir from the dwarves.
On September 2, 2009, an amateur archaeologist found a small silver figurine at Lejre in Denmark. It has been dated to around 900. The figurine is only two centimeters tall and shows a person sitting on a throne adorned with two beast heads and flanked by two birds on the arm-rests. The excavator interpreted the piece as a representation of Odin, Hugin and Munin. Scholars specialising in Viking-Period dress and gender representations, however, pointed out that the person is dressed entirely in female attire, making it more probably a goddess such as Freya or Frigga.
Prologue.
Snorri Sturluson feels compelled to give a rational account of the Æsir in the prologue of his Prose Edda. In this scenario, Snorri speculates that Odin and his peers were originally refugees from the Anatolian city of Troy, folk etymologizing "Æsir" as derived from the word Asia. In any case, Snorri's writing (particularly in Heimskringla) tries to maintain an essentially scholastic neutrality. That Snorri was correct was one of the last of Thor Heyerdahl's archeoanthropological theories, forming the basis for his "Jakten på Odin".
"Gylfaginning".
According to the Prose Edda, Odin, the first and most powerful of the Æsir, was a son of Bestla and Borr and brother of Vili and Vé. With these brothers, he cast down the frost giant Ymir and made Earth from Ymir's body. The three brothers are often mentioned together. "Vili" is the German word for "will" (English), "Vé" is the German word (Gothic "wai") for woe but is more likely related to the archaic German "Wei" meaning "sacred".
Odin has fathered numerous children. With his wife, Frigg, he fathered his doomed son Baldr and the blind god Höðr. By the personification of earth, Fjörgyn or Jörð, Odin was the father of his most famous son, Thor. By the giantess Gríðr, Odin was the father of Vídar, and by Rinda he was father of Váli. Also, many royal families claimed descent from Odin through other sons. (For traditions about Odin's offspring, see "Sons of Odin".)
Odin and his brothers, Vili and Ve, are attributed with slaying Ymir, the Ancient Giant, to form Midgard. From Ymir's flesh, the brothers made the earth, and from his shattered bones and teeth they made the rocks and stones. From Ymir's blood, they made the rivers and lakes. Ymir's skull was made into the sky, secured at four points by four dwarfs named East, West, North, and South. From Ymir's brains, the three gods shaped the clouds, whereas Ymir's eyebrows became a barrier between Jotunheim (giant's home) and Midgard, the place where men now dwell. Odin and his brothers are also attributed with making humans.
After having made earth from Ymir's flesh, the three brothers came across two logs (or an ash and an elm tree). Odin gave them breath and life; Vili gave them brains and feelings; and Ve gave them hearing and sight. The first man was Ask and the first woman was Embla.
Odin was said to have learned the mysteries of seid from the Vanic goddess and völva Freyja, despite the un-warriorlike connotations of using magic.
"Skáldskaparmál".
In section 2 of "Skáldskaparmál", Odin's quest for wisdom can also be seen in his work as a farmhand for a summer, for Baugi, and his seduction of Gunnlod in order to obtain the Mead of Poetry.
In section 5 of "Skáldskaparmál", the origins of some of Odin's possessions are described.
Sagas of Icelanders.
"Ynglinga saga".
According to the "Ynglinga saga":
Odin had two brothers, the one called Ve, the other Vili, and they governed the kingdom when he was absent. It happened once when Odin had gone to a great distance, and had been so long away that the people of Asa doubted if he would ever return home, that his two brothers took it upon themselves to divide his estate; but both of them took his wife Frigg to themselves. Odin soon after returned home, and took his wife back.
In "Ynglinga saga", Odin is considered the 2nd Mythological king of Sweden, succeeding Gylfi and was succeeded by Njörðr.
Further, in "Ynglinga saga", Odin is described as venturing to Mímir's Well, near Jötunheimr, the land of the giants. He traveled not as Odin, but as Vegtam the Wanderer, clothed in a dark blue cloak and carrying a traveler's staff. To drink from the Well of Wisdom, Odin had to sacrifice his eye (which eye he sacrificed is unclear), symbolizing his willingness to gain the knowledge of the past, present and future. As he drank, he saw all the sorrows and troubles that would fall upon men and the gods. He also saw why the sorrow s had to come to men.
Mímir accepted Odin's eye and it sits today at the bottom of the Well of Wisdom as a sign that the father of the gods had paid the price for wisdom.
Other sagas.
According to "Njáls saga": Hjalti Skeggiason, an Icelander newly converted to Christianity, wished to express his contempt for the native gods, so he sang:
Hjalti was found guilty of blasphemy for his infamous verse and he ran to Norway with his father-in-law, Gizur the White. Later, with Olaf Tryggvason's support, Gizur and Hjalti came back to Iceland to invite those assembled at the Althing to convert to Christianity (which happened in 999).
The "Saga of King Olaf Tryggvason", composed around 1300, describes that following King Olaf Tryggvason's orders, to prove their piety, people must insult and ridicule major heathen deities when they are newly converted into Christianity. Hallfreðr vandræðaskáld, who was reluctantly converted from paganism to Christianity by Olaf, also had to make a poem to forsake pagan deities. Below is an example:
"Flateyjarbók".
"Sörla þáttr" is a short narrative from a later and extended version of the "Saga of Olaf Tryggvason" found in the "Flateyjarbók" manuscript, which was written and compiled by two Christian priests, Jon Thordson and Magnus Thorhalson, from the late 14th to the 15th century.
"Freyja was a human in Asia and was the favorite concubine of Odin, King of Asialand. When this woman wanted to buy a golden necklace (no name given) forged by four dwarves (named Dvalinn, Alfrik, Berling, and Grer), she offered them gold and silver but they replied that they would only sell it to her if she would lie a night by each of them. She came home afterward with the necklace and kept silent as if nothing happened. But a man called Loki somehow knew it, and came to tell Odin. King Odin commanded Loki to steal the necklace, so Loki turned into a fly to sneak into Freyja's bower and stole it. When Freyja found her necklace missing, she came to ask king Odin. In exchange for it, Odin ordered her to make two kings, each served by twenty kings, fight forever unless some christened men so brave would dare to enter the battle and slay them. She said yes, and got that necklace back. Under the spell, king Högni and king Heðinn battled for one hundred and forty-three years, as soon as they fell down they had to stand up again and fight on. But in the end, the great Christian lord Olaf Tryggvason arrived with his brave christened men, and whoever slain by a Christian would stay dead. Thus the pagan curse was finally dissolved by the arrival of Christianity. After that, the noble man, king Olaf, went back to his realm."
"Gesta Danorum".
In the 13th century, Saxo Grammaticus, in the service of Archbishop Absalon in Denmark, presented in his Latin language work "Gesta Danorum" euhemerized accounts of Thor and Odin as cunning sorcerers that, Saxo states, had fooled the people of Norway, Sweden and Denmark into their recognition as gods:
""There were of old certain men versed in sorcery, Thor, namely, and Odin, and many others, who were cunning in contriving marvellous sleights; and they, winning the minds of the simple, began to claim the rank of gods. For, in particular, they ensnared Norway, Sweden and Denmark in the vainest credulity, and by prompting these lands to worship them, infected them with their imposture. The effects of their deceit spread so far, that all other men adored a sort of divine power in them, and, thinking them either gods or in league with gods, offered up solemn prayers to these inventors of sorceries, and gave to blasphemous error the honour due to religion. Some say that the gods, whom our countrymen worshipped, shared only the title with those honoured by Greece or Latium, but that, being in a manner nearly equal to them in dignity, they borrowed from them the worship as well as the name. This must be sufficient discourse upon the deities of Danish antiquity. I have expounded this briefly for the general profit, that my readers may know clearly to what worship in its heathen superstition our country has bowed the knee."" ("Gesta Danorum", Book I)
Saxo also wrote a story about how Odin's wife, Frigg, slept with a servant to obtain a device to steal Odin's gold.
""At this time there was one Odin, who was credited over all Europe with the honour, which was false, of godhead, but used more continually to sojourn at Upsala; and in this spot, either from the sloth of the inhabitants or from its own pleasantness, he vouchsafed to dwell with somewhat especial constancy.
"The kings of the North, desiring more zealously to worship his deity, embounded his likeness in a golden image; and this statue, which betokened their homage, they transmitted with much show of worship to Byzantium, fettering even the effigied arms with a serried mass of bracelets. Odin was overjoyed at such notoriety, and greeted warmly the devotion of the senders. But his queen Frigg, desiring to go forth more beautified, called smiths, and had the gold stripped from the statue.
"Odin hanged them, and mounted the statue upon a pedestal, which by the marvellous skill of his art he made to speak when a mortal touched it. But still Frigg preferred the splendour of her own apparel to the divine honours of her husband, and submitted herself to the embraces of one of her servants; and it was by this man's device she broke down the image, and turned to the service of her private wantonness that gold which had been devoted to public idolatry. Little thought she of practicing unchastity, that she might the easier satisfy her greed, this woman so unworthy to be the consort of a god; but what should I here add, save that such a godhead was worthy of such a wife? So great was the error that of old befooled the minds of men.
"Thus Odin, wounded by the double trespass of his wife, resented the outrage to his image as keenly as that to his bed; and, ruffled by these two stinging dishonours, took to an exile overflowing with noble shame, imagining so to wipe off the slur of his ignominy. At home, Frigg went with a certain Mith-Othin and took over Odin's properties, until Odin came back and drove them away. Frigg's death later cleared Odin's name and he regained his reputation." ("Gesta Danorum", Book I)
There is also an account about how Odin was exiled by the Latin gods at Byzantium:
"But the gods, whose chief seat was then at Byzantium, (Asgard), seeing that Odin had tarnished the fair name of godhead by divers injuries to its majesty, thought that he ought to be removed from their society. And they had him not only ousted from the headship, but outlawed and stripped of all worship and honour at home...
Sacrifices to Odin.
It is attested in primary sources that sacrifices were made to Odin during blóts – Norse pagan sacrifices to the Norse gods land spirits. Adam of Bremen relates that every ninth year, people assembled from all over Sweden to sacrifice at the Temple at Uppsala. Male slaves and males of each species were sacrificed and hung from the branches of the trees.
As the Swedes had the right not only to elect their king but also to depose him, the sagas relate that both King Domalde and King Olof Trätälja were sacrificed to Odin after years of famine. It has been argued that the killing of a combatant in battle was to give a sacrificial offering to Odin. The fickleness of Odin in war was well documented; in "Lokasenna", Loki taunts Odin for his inconsistency.
Sometimes sacrifices were made to Odin to bring about changes in circumstance. A notable example is the sacrifice of King Víkar that is detailed in Gautrek's Saga and in Saxo Grammaticus' account of the same event. Sailors in a fleet being blown off course drew lots to sacrifice to Odin that he might abate the winds. The king himself drew the lot and was hanged.
Sacrifices were probably also made to Odin at the beginning of summer (mid-April, actually – summer being reckoned essentially the same as did the Celt, at Beltene, Calan Mai , which is Mayday – hence as summer's "herald"), since the Ynglinga saga states one of the great festivals of the calendar is "at sumri, þat var sigrblót", "in summer, for victory". Odin is consistently referred to throughout the Norse mythos as the bringer of victory.
The Ynglinga saga also details the sacrifices made by the Swedish king Aun, to whom it was revealed that he would lengthen his life by sacrificing one of his sons every ten years; nine of his ten sons died this way. When he was about to sacrifice his last son Egil, the Swedes stopped him.
Persisting beliefs and folklore.
The Christianization of Scandinavia was slow, and it worked its way downwards from the nobility. Among commoners, beliefs in Odin lingered and legends would be told until modern times.
The last battle where Scandinavians attributed a victory to Odin was the Battle of Lena in 1208. The former Swedish king Sverker had arrived with a large Danish army, and the Swedes led by their new king Eric were outnumbered. It is said that Odin then appeared riding on Sleipnir and he positioned himself in front of the Swedish battle formation. He led the Swedish charge and gave them victory.
The "Bagler sagas", written in the 13th century concerning events in the first two decades of the 13th century, tells a story of a one-eyed rider with a broad-brimmed hat and a blue coat who asks a smith to shoe his horse. The suspicious smith asks where the stranger stayed during the previous night. The stranger mentions places so distant that the smith does not believe him. The stranger says that he has stayed for a long time in the north and taken part in many battles, but now he is going to Sweden. When the horse is shod, the rider mounts his horse and says "I am Odin" to the stunned smith, and rides away. The next day, the battle of Lena took place. The context of this tale in the saga is that a peace-treaty has been signed in Norway, and Odin, a god of war, no longer has a place there.
"Hákonar saga Hákonarsonar", written in the 1260s, describes how, at some point in the 1230s, Skule Baardsson has the skald Snorri Sturluson compose a poem comparing one of Skule's enemies to Odin, describing them both as bringers of strife and disagreement. These episodes do not necessarily imply a continued belief in Odin as a god, but show clearly that his name was still widely known at this time.
Scandinavian folklore also maintained a belief in Odin as the leader of the Wild Hunt. His main objective seems to have been to track down and kill a lady who could be the forest dweller "huldran" or "skogsrået". In these accounts, Odin was typically a lone hunter, save for his two dogs.
In late 19th century Danish folklore, an account of Odin as having hid in a cliff of Møen (modern Møn, Denmark) where his residence there is "still pointed out". At this time, he was referred to as the ""Jætte" (giant) from Uppsala" but "is now called Jön Upsal" and from this latter name comes the expression ""Men jötten dog!"" as opposed to the expression "Men Jös dog!" ("By Jesus!"). Outside his doorway a green spot is described on the otherwise white cliff; this is where he "goes out on behalf of nature". A man who "now lives in Copenhagen" is described as having once sailed along the cliff, having seen Jön toss out his "dirt" – a big cloud of dust was to be seen outside of his door. Several "still living people" have lost their way in Klinteskoven ("The Cliff Forest") and ended up in Jön Upsal's garden, that is said to be so big and wonderful that it is beyond any description. The garden is also in full bloom in midwinter. If one sets out to find this garden, it is impossible to find.
Names.
Odin was referred to by more than 200 names which hint at his various roles. Among others, he was known as Yggr (terror), Sigfodr (father of Victory) and Alfodr (All Father) in the skaldic and Eddic traditions of heiti and kennings, a poetic method of indirect reference, as in a riddle.
Some epithets establish Odin as a father god: Alföðr, "all-father", "father of all"; Aldaföðr, "father of men (or of the age)"; Herjaföðr, "father of hosts"; Sigföðr, "father of victory"; and Valföðr, "father of the slain".
Eponymy.
Many toponyms in Northern Europe where Germanic tribes existed contain the name of *Wodanaz (Norse Odin, West Germanic Woden).
Wednesday is named after Woden, the English form of Odin (Old English "Wēdnes dæg", "Woden's day"). It is an early Germanic translation of the Latin "dies Mercurii" ("Mercury's day") based on the Roman practice of understanding foreign gods by comparing them to Roman deities.
"Odin" came to be used as a Norwegian male given name from the 19th century, originally in the context of the Romanticist Viking revival.
Contemporary Worship of Odin.
Odin, along with the other Germanic gods and goddesses, is recognized by Germanic neopagans. His Norse form is particularly acknowledged in Ásatrú, the "faith in the Æsir", an officially recognized religion in Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19230778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230778" title="Savivo">
Savivo

Savivo is an award-winning Danish e-learning company based in Copenhagen. The company was founded in 2006, and is known for their educational games, which has millions of users around the world.
Savivo started out developing content for web browsers, and has since embraced smartphones and tablets running on Android and iOS.
History.
Savivo was founded in 2006 by company CEO Stephan Stephensen. The name itself reflects the philosophy of the company. Savivo is a portmanteau of the words savvy and vivo, the Spanish word for life.
The company's first project was the first educational game, Mingoville English, which purpose is to help children learn English. Mingoville English was designed and developed as part of a project initiated by Denmark’s IT Center for Education and Research under the auspices of the Danish Ministry of Education.
In 2008 Savivo developed SkoleMat, a series of math games. SkoleMat is designed to cover the entire Danish Folkeskole from pre-school up to lower secondary education. In 2012 the first part of SkoleMat, called Mondiso which covers first to third grade, was released in English.
In 2009 the Portuguese government appointed Savivo to integrate Mingoville English on half a million of Intel’s Classmate PCs in Portugal. 1.000 Classmate PCs were also sent to Botswana.<br>
The same year, Savivo joined the Chilean government’s "Chile habla Ingles" campaign, to combat English illiteracy in Chile. Within two weeks of the campaign, more than 200,000 Chileans signed up for Mingoville English.
In 2011, Savivo approached all major telephone companies in Denmark, e.g. TDC, Telenor, 3 and Telia to enable their Math app for mobile phones to be streamed for free to all school children in Denmark.
In 2012, Savivo entered a partnership with the Danish publishing house Gyldendal, a partnership where the two companies will develop new digital learning content and gain a larger presence abroad.
In 2013, Savivo saw international success. The iPad version of Mingoville Preschool was well-received in China, where it held the first place in the highly competitive Chinese app market.<br>
In the beginning of September, Mingoville Preschool started a similar rise to the top in Latin America. The app occupied the top 3 positions in iTunes' education category in a number of countries, eg. Argentina, Venezuela and Colombia.
Stephan Stephensen.
With a background in business, Stephan Stephensen's first foray into e-learning was a program designed to teach refugees Danish. He is responsible for the company's learning philosophy and proponent of e- and m-learning in all their incarnations. The potential of m-learning in various areas of the world, like Africa, is something he continues to explore.
Learning philosophy.
Savivo utilizes various teaching approaches in their apps. Besides using gamification elements to increase the time children play the games, Savivo is a proponent for learning through play. Savivo's approach is structured and uses both dialogue and visual elements to stimulate learning.
According to a report created by a series of consultants and Copenhagen Municipality, students feel challenged by Mingoville English and think they learn more English from playing the game. The strong focus on dialogue between child and game are used to explain topics and subjects in a dynamic way.
Products.
Mingoville English.
Mingoville English is Savivo's biggest program, with over 2.000.000 users around the world. It combines a set of 10 missions, totaling hundreds of English exercises and games, with a virtual world where children can talk and play together. In the virtual world, the safety of the children is guaranteed thanks to Savivo's Safe Chat-system, which only allows pre-approved words to be used.
Mingoville English features voice acting with voice actors from both North America, Australia and the UK. Native voice actors ensure that the children are exposed to as authentic an English experience as possible. Mingoville English was developed with the assistance of English teachers and the program has a comprehensive system for handling lesson plans, homework and grading.
While Mingoville English is the flagship of Savivo, the universe and activities have spun off several other games and apps. Most notably the Mingoville Preschool app, which shortly after release climbed the Chinese App Store and claimed the first place.
Though Mingoville English was developed for web browsers, a new and enhanced version of Mingoville English is being developed for both web, iOS and Android.
Mingoville Fun Clock.
Mingoville Fun Clock is an app designed to teach children how to tell time. Mingoville Fun Clock features voice actors in English, Chinese, French, Italian, Spanish, German, Dutch, Danish, Swedish and Norwegian.
Mingoville Preschool.
Mingoville Preschool is designed to introduce children aged 4–8 to their first English words and phrases. The activities included in Mingoville Preschool range from variations of memory games to word puzzles.
Mingoville Storytelling.
Mingoville Storytelling is a storytelling app, in which children are encouraged to listen to stories set in the Mingoville universe, retell them and finally write their own stories using any of the unlocked pictures and their own voice.
SkoleMat.
SkoleMat comprises three parts, "Mondiso", "Hexaville" and "Pitropolis". Each part has a unique theme to engage the children and which ties into the exercises.
Mondiso.
Mondiso, which is for students ages 6–8 years, introduces children to basic math such as addition, substraction and multiplication. The game is set on the island of Mondiso, which is inhabited by strange and colorful monsters.
Mondiso is available in both Danish and English.
Hexaville.
Hexaville covers the curriculum for ages 10–13 and teach children about geometry, equations and coordinates. Hexaville takes place at a Harry Potter-inspired school with witches, ghosts and magic.
Hexaville is only available in Danish.
Pitropolis.
Pitropolis, for the 13 to 16 year old, expands of the two previous parts and teaches about economy, Pythagoras and fractions. In Pitropolis the player follow the young people Alex and Monica, and their everyday lives.
Pitropolis is only available in Danish.

</doc>
<doc id="19230783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230783" title="Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin">
Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin

The Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin is a venerable theatre and opera house at 18, Boulevard Saint-Martin in the 10e arrondissement of Paris. 
History.
It was first built very rapidly in 1781 under the direction of Nicolas Lenoir (1726–1810) to house the Paris Opéra, whose previous home, the second Salle du Palais-Royal, had burned down on 8 June 1781. The new theatre had a capacity of about 2,000 spectators and included a parterre with the lowest-priced tickets sold only to males who stood throughout the performances, an amphitheatre, and four rows of boxes. The Opéra used the theatre from 27 October 1781 until August 1794.
The theatre was destroyed by fire during the Paris Commune of 1871 and replaced in 1873 with a building designed by the architect Oscar de la Chardonnière (d. 1881), who enlisted the aid of the sculptor Jacques-Hyacinthe Chevalier (1825–1895) in the design of the new facade. The new interior was designed by H. Chevalier. With relatively brief interruptions, the theatre has been in continuous operation since. 
Premieres.
The theatre's other productions have included the ballet "Leda, the Swiss Milkmaid" (1823) and works by Dany Boon, Charles-Gaspard Delestre-Poirson and Gaston Arman de Caillavet.

</doc>
<doc id="19230787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230787" title="Asakura Station (Tosaden)">
Asakura Station (Tosaden)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19230789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230789" title="Amun">
Amun

Amun (also "Amon, Amen", Greek , ) was a local deity of Thebes. He was attested since the Old Kingdom together with his spouse Amaunet. 
With the 11th dynasty (c. 21st century BC), he rose to the position of patron deity of Thebes by replacing Monthu.
After the rebellion of Thebes against the Hyksos and with the rule of Ahmose I, Amun acquired national importance, expressed in his fusion with the Sun god, Ra, as Amun-Ra.
Amun-Ra retained chief importance in the Egyptian pantheon throughout the New Kingdom (with the exception of the "Atenist heresy" under Akhenaten).
Amun-Ra in this period (16th to 11th centuries BC) held the position of transcendental, self-created creator deity "par excellence", he was the champion of the poor or troubled and central to personal piety.
His position as King of Gods developed to the point of virtual monotheism where other gods became manifestations of him. With Osiris, Amun-Ra is the most widely recorded of the Egyptian gods. 
As the chief deity of the Egyptian Empire, Amun-Ra also came to be worshipped outside of Egypt, in Ancient Libya and Nubia, and as "Zeus Ammon" came to be identified with Zeus in Ancient Greece.
Early history.
Amun and Amaunet are mentioned in the Old Egyptian pyramid texts.
Amun and Amaunet formed one quarter of the ancient Ogdoad of Hermopolis, representing the primordial concept or "element" of air or "invisibility" (corresponding to Shu in the Ennead), hence Amun's later function as a wind deity, and the name "Amun" (written "", pronounced "Amana" in ancient Egyptian ), meaning "hidden". It was thought that Amun created himself and then his surroundings.[http://www.ancientegyptonline.co.uk/amun.html]
Amun rose to the position of tutelary deity of Thebes after the end of the First Intermediate Period, under the 11th dynasty. As the patron of Thebes, his spouse was Mut. In Thebes, Amun as father, Mut as mother and the Moon god Khonsu formed a divine family or "Theban Triad".
Temple at Karnak.
The history of Amun as the patron god of Thebes begins in the 20th century BC, with the construction of the Precinct of Amun-Re at Karnak under Senusret I.
The city of Thebes does not appear to have been of great significance before the 11th dynasty.
Major construction work in the Precinct of Amun-Re took place during the 18th dynasty when Thebes became the capital of the unified Ancient Egypt. 
Construction of the Hypostyle Hall may have also began during the 18th dynasty, though most building was undertaken under Seti I and Ramesses II. Merenptah commemorated his victories over the Sea Peoples on the walls of the Cachette Court, the start of the processional route to the Luxor Temple. This "Great Inscription" (which has now lost about a third of its content) shows the king's campaigns and eventual return with booty and prisoners. Next to this inscription is the "Victory Stela", which is largely a copy of the more famous Israel Stela found in the West Bank funerary complex of Merenptah. Merenptah's son Seti II added 2 small obelisks in front of the Second Pylon, and a triple bark-shrine to the north of the processional avenue in the same area. This was constructed of sandstone, with a chapel to Amun flanked by those of Mut and Khonsu.
The last major change to the Precinct of Amun-Re's layout was the addition of the first pylon and the massive enclosure walls that surrounded the whole Precinct, both constructed by Nectanebo I.
New Kingdom.
Identification with Min and Ra.
When the army of the founder of the Eighteenth dynasty expelled the Hyksos rulers from Egypt, the victor's city of origin, Thebes, became the most important city in Egypt, the capital of a new dynasty. The local patron deity of Thebes, Amun, therefore became nationally important. The pharaohs of that new dynasty attributed all their successful enterprises to Amun, and they lavished much of their wealth and captured spoil on the construction of temples dedicated to Amun.
The victory accomplished by pharaohs who worshipped Amun against the "foreign rulers", brought him to be seen as a champion of the less fortunate, upholding the rights of justice for the poor. By aiding those who traveled in his name, he became the "Protector of the road". Since he upheld Ma'at (truth, justice, and goodness), those who prayed to Amun were required first to demonstrate that they were worthy by confessing their sins. Votive stelae from the artisans' village at Deir el-Medina record:
Subsequently, when Egypt conquered Kush, they identified the chief deity of the Kushites as Amun. This Kush deity was depicted as ram-headed, more specifically a woolly ram with curved horns. Amun thus became associated with the ram arising from the aged appearance of the Kush ram deity.
A solar deity in the form of a ram can be traced to the pre-literate Kerma culture in Nubia, contemporary to the Old Kingdom of Egypt. 
The later (Meroitic period) name of Nubian Amun was "Amani", attested in numerous personal names such as " Tanwetamani, Arkamani, Amanitore, Amanishakheto, Natakamani".
Since rams were considered a symbol of virility, Amun also became thought of as a fertility deity, and so started to absorb the identity of Min, becoming "Amun-Min". This association with virility led to "Amun-Min" gaining the epithet "Kamutef", meaning "Bull of his mother", in which form he was found depicted on the walls of Karnak, ithyphallic, and with a scourge, as Min was.
As the cult of Amun grew in importance, Amun became identified with the chief deity who was worshipped in other areas during that period, the sun god Ra. This identification led to another merger of identities, with Amun becoming Amun-Ra. In the "Hymn to Amun-Ra" he is described as 
Atenist heresy.
During the latter part of the eighteenth dynasty, the pharaoh Akhenaten (also known as Amenhotep IV) disliked the power of the temple of Amun and advanced the worship of the Aten, a deity whose power was manifested in the sun disk, both literally and symbolically. He defaced the symbols of many of the old deities, and based his religious practices upon the deity, "the Aten". He moved his capital away from Thebes, but this abrupt change was very unpopular with the priests of Amun, who now found themselves without any of their former power. The religion of Egypt was inexorably tied to the leadership of the country, the pharaoh being the leader of both. The pharaoh was the highest priest in the temple of the capital, and the next lower level of religious leaders were important advisers to the pharaoh, many being administrators of the bureaucracy that ran the country.
The introduction of Atenism under Akhenaton constructed a "monotheist" worship of Aten in direct competition with that of Amun. Praises of Amun on stelae are strikingly similar in language to those later used, in particular the Hymn to the Aten:
When Akhenaten died, the priests of Amun-Ra reasserted themselves. His name was struck from Egyptian records, all of his religious and governmental changes were undone, and the capital was returned to Thebes. The return to the previous capital and its patron deity was accomplished so swiftly that it seemed this almost monotheistic cult and its governmental reforms had never existed. Worship of Aten ceased and worship of Amun-Ra was restored. The priests of Amun even persuaded his young son, Tutankhaten, whose name meant "the living image of Aten"—and who later would become a pharaoh—to change his name to Tutankhamun, "the living image of Amun".
Theology.
In the New Kingdom, Amun became successively identified with all other Egyptian deities, to the point of virtual monotheism (which was then attacked by means of the "counter-monotheism" of Atenism).
Primarily, the god of wind "Amun" came to be identified with the solar god Ra and the god of fertility and creation Min, so that Amun-Ra had the main characteristic of a solar god, creator god and fertility god. He also adopted the aspect of the ram from the Nubian solar god, besides numerous other titles and aspects. 
As Amun-Re he was petitioned for mercy by those who believed suffering had come about as a result of their own or others wrongdoing.
In the Leiden hymns, Amun, Ptah, and Re are regarded as a trinity who are distinct gods but with unity in plurality. "The three gods are one yet the Egyptian elsewhere insists on the separate identity of each of the three." This unity in plurality is expressed in one text:
The hidden aspect of Amun and his likely association with the wind caused Henri Frankfort to draw parallels with a passage from the Gospel of John: "The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear the sound of it, but do not know where it comes from and where it is going."
A Leiden hymn to Amun describes how he calms stormy seas for the troubled sailor:
Third Intermediate Period.
Theban High Priests of Amun.
While not regarded as a dynasty, the High Priests of Amun at Thebes were nevertheless of such power and influence that they were effectively the rulers of Upper Egypt from 1080 to c. 943 BC. By the time Herihor was proclaimed as the first ruling High Priest of Amun in 1080 BC—in the 19th Year of Ramesses XI—the Amun priesthood exercised an effective stranglehold on Egypt's economy. The Amun priests owned two-thirds of all the temple lands in Egypt and 90 percent of her ships plus many other resources. Consequently, the Amun priests were as powerful as Pharaoh, if not more so. One of the sons of the High Priest Pinedjem I would eventually assume the throne and rule Egypt for almost half a decade as pharaoh Psusennes I, while the Theban High Priest Psusennes III would take the throne as king Psusennes II—the final ruler of the 21st Dynasty.
Decline.
In the 10th century BC, the overwhelming dominance of Amun over all of Egypt gradually began to decline.
In Thebes, however, his worship continued unabated, especially under the Nubian Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt, as Amun was by now seen as a national god in Nubia. 
The Temple of Amun, Jebel Barkal, founded during the New Kingdom, came to be the center of the religious ideology of the Kingdom of Kush.
The Victory Stele of Piye at Gebel Barkal (8th century BC) now distinguishes between an "Amun of Napata" and an "Amun of Thebes".
Tantamani (died 653 BC), the last pharaoh of the Nubian dynasty, still bore a theophoric name referring to Amun in the Nubian form "Amani".
Iron Age and Classical Antiquity.
Nubia, Sudan and Libya.
In areas outside of Egypt where the Egyptians had previously brought the cult of Amun his worship continued into Classical Antiquity. In Nubia, where his name was pronounced "Amane" or "Amani", he remained a national deity, with his priests, at Meroe and Nobatia, regulating the whole government of the country via an oracle, choosing the ruler, and directing military expeditions. According to Diodorus Siculus, these religious leaders even were able to compel kings to commit suicide, although this tradition stopped when Arkamane, in the 3rd century BC, slew them.
In Sudan, excavation of an Amun temple at Dangeil began in 2000 under the directorship of Drs Salah Mohamed Ahmed and Julie R. Anderson of the National Corporation for Antiquities and Museums (NCAM), Sudan and the British Museum, UK, respectively. The temple was found to have been destroyed by fire and Accelerator Mass Spectrometry (AMS) and C14 dating of the charred roof beams have placed construction of the most recent incarnation of the temple in the 1st century AD. This date is further confirmed by the associated ceramics and inscriptions. Following its destruction, the temple gradually decayed and collapsed.
In Libya there remained a solitary oracle of Amun in the Libyan Desert at the oasis of Siwa. The worship of Ammon was introduced into Greece at an early period, probably through the medium of the Greek colony in Cyrene, which must have formed a connection with the great oracle of Ammon in the Oasis soon after its establishment. Iarbas, a mythological king of Libya, was also considered a son of Hammon.
Levant.
Amun is mentioned as a deity in the Hebrew Bible, and in the Nevi'im, texts presumably written in the 7th century BC, the name occurs twice in reference to Thebes, by the KJV rendered just as "No":
English Standard Version:
Greece.
Ammon had a temple and a statue, the gift of Pindar (d. 443 BC), at Thebes, and another at Sparta, the inhabitants of which, as Pausanias says, consulted the oracle of Ammon in Libya from early times more than the other Greeks. 
At Aphytis, Chalcidice, Ammon was worshipped, from the time of Lysander (d. 395 BC), as zealously as in Ammonium. Pindar the poet honoured the god with a hymn. At Megalopolis the god was represented with the head of a ram (Paus. viii.32 § 1), and the Greeks of Cyrenaica dedicated at Delphi a chariot with a statue of Ammon.
Such was its reputation among the Classical Greeks that Alexander the Great journeyed there after the battle of Issus and during his occupation of Egypt, where he was declared "the son of Amun" by the oracle. Alexander thereafter considered himself divine. Even during this occupation, Amun, identified by these Greeks as a form of Zeus, continued to be the principal local deity of Thebes.
Several words derive from Amun via the Greek form, "Ammon", such as ammonia and ammonite. The Romans called the ammonium chloride they collected from deposits near the Temple of Jupiter Amun in ancient Libya "sal ammoniacus" (salt of Amun) because of proximity to the nearby temple. Ammonia, as well as being the chemical, is a genus name in the foraminifera. Both these foraminiferans (shelled Protozoa) and ammonites (extinct shelled cephalopods) bear spiral shells resembling a ram's, and Ammon's, horns. The regions of the hippocampus in the brain are called the cornu ammonis – literally "Amun's Horns", due to the horned appearance of the dark and light bands of cellular layers.
In "Paradise Lost", Milton identifies Ammon with the biblical Ham (Cham) and states that the gentiles called him the Libyan Jove.

</doc>
<doc id="19230791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230791" title="DXKR-FM">
DXKR-FM

DXKR, currently broadcasting as 95.5 Hit Radio is a music FM radio station owned by Trans-Radio Broadcasting Corp. in the Philippines. The station's studio and transmitter was located in Ponciano St., Davao City. The main format of the station is lite rock music.
Background.
WRocK Davao.
In 1990, ACWS - United Broadcasting Network established the Davao radio station DXKR, more popularly called 95.5 WRocK Davao, on the FM band.
On October 6, 2008, it has been announced that Elizalde Group of Companies' Manila Broadcasting Company has purchased 96.3 WRocK from the Hodreal family, owners of ACWS-UBN, for PhP229.6 million. However, due to radio guidelines, MBC is not allowed to own more than one radio station. As such, the frequency was assigned to Cebu Broadcasting Company.
While the Manila radio station is under the control of Cebu Broadcasting Company, ACWS-UBN continued to retain control of the WRocK provincial stations.
Hit Radio Davao.
In 2010, due to lack of resources and financial challenges, ACWS-UBN sold the station to Trans-Radio Broadcasting Corp.'s Hit Radio, which rebranded the station as 95.5 Classic Hit Radio.
In 2012, the "Classic" was dropped from the brand, returning to 95.5 Hit Radio once again.

</doc>
<doc id="19230795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230795" title="Manuel Saumell">
Manuel Saumell

Manuel Saumell Robredo (19 April 1818 – 14 August 1870), was a Cuban composer known for his invention and development of genuinely creolized forms of music. For this reason he gets the credit for being the first to cultivate Cuban musical nationalism, and is of similar standing to Glinka who initiated Russian musical nationalism with "A Life for the Tsar" at about the same time.
Life.
Saumell, from a destitute family, "destined to die young, after leading a miserable, peripatetic, sorrowful existence" was born in Havana. He studied piano with Juan Fédérico Edelmann, and harmony, arranging, counterpoint and fugue with Mauricio Pyke, the director of an Italian opera company which visited Havana. Saumell played the organ in church and interpreted Beethoven for trios, organized musical meetings, made orchestrations and arrangements, and taught classes. "Saumell was a truly hard worker, sensitive, generous with others, demanding of himself; he was eager to achieve great things [and inspired to great projects." 
At 21 he fell heavily in love with a singer, Dolores de Saint-Maxent, who had introduced Schubert's work to Cuba. Unfortunately for him, she came from a wealthy family who would not countenance their marriage. All the same, for a time she permitted his attentions to continue. Saumell planned a nationalistic opera to show off her talent, based on the novel "Antonelli" by José Antonio Echevarría. The action takes place in Havana in 1590. A workforce of black slaves sets up the machinery of one of El Cerro's first sugar mills. The engineer Antonelli falls in love with a beautiful Siboney quadroon, only to find she is betrothed to the nephew of the Governor of Havana. And so it proceeds...
Alas, before the libretto could be written (in Italian), Delores broke off their relationship, and pursued another man. Shattered, Saumell dropped the project and went back to his scattered life, writing contradanzas and surviving on what little he could make. However, he had done a significant thing: he had planned for aboriginal Indians and black slaves to sing and take part in the action of the opera, something without precedent in all the Americas.
Works.
Leaving aside numbers written in haste for dances, Saumell wrote over fifty contradanzas (in 2/4 or 6/8 time) which merit attention. His rhythmic and melodic inventiveness is astonishing. "No two pages are alike", according to Carpentier, he never repeats himself. Contradanzas were composed in two parts, a "prima" of eight bars followed by the "segunda" of sixteen bars, or else 16 followed by 16. Saumell used to write a prima in classical style, followed by a segunda in creolized Cuban folkloric style.
The scores of Saumell's Contradanzas for piano are available at Cuatro 40 Ediciones in printed form or downloadable PDF.

</doc>
<doc id="19230833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230833" title="What Will Be Has Been">
What Will Be Has Been

What Will Be Has Been is the 1st full-length studio album released by the Melodic death/Black metal band Epoch of Unlight. It was the eighth release by The End Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19230844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230844" title="Asakura-ekimae Station">
Asakura-ekimae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19230848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230848" title="Ra">
Ra

Ra or Re (, rˤ) is the ancient Egyptian solar deity. By the Fifth Dynasty (2494 to 2345 BC) he had become a major god in ancient Egyptian religion, identified primarily with the midday sun. The meaning of the name is uncertain, but it is thought that if not a word for 'sun' it may be a variant of or linked to words meaning 'creative power' and 'creator'.
The major cult centre of Ra was Heliopolis (called "Iunu", "Place of Pillars", in Egyptian), where he was identified with the local sun-god Amun. Through Amun, or as Amun-Ra, he was also seen as the first being and the originator of the Ennead, consisting of Shu and Tefnut, Geb and Nut, Osiris, Set, Isis and Nephthys.
In later Egyptian dynastic times, Ra was merged with the god Horus, as Re-Horakhty ("Ra, who is Horus of the Two Horizons"). He was believed to rule in all parts of the created world: the sky, the earth, and the underworld. He was associated with the falcon or hawk. When in the New Kingdom the god Amun rose to prominence he was fused with Ra as Amun-Ra. During the Amarna Period, Akhenaten suppressed the cult of Ra in favour of another solar deity, the Aten, the deified solar disc, but after the death of Akhenaten the cult of Ra was restored.
The cult of the Mnevis bull, an embodiment of Ra, had its centre in Heliopolis and there was a formal burial ground for the sacrificed bulls north of the city.
All forms of life were believed to have been created by Ra, who called each of them into existence by speaking their secret names. Alternatively humans were created from Ra's tears and sweat, hence the Egyptians call themselves the "Cattle of Ra." In the myth of the Celestial Cow it is recounted how mankind plotted against Ra and how he sent his eye as the goddess Sekhmet to punish them. When she became bloodthirsty she was pacified by mixing beer with red dye.
Role.
Ra and the sun.
To the Egyptians, the sun represented light, warmth, and growth. This made the sun deity very important, as the sun was seen as the ruler of all that he created. The sun disk was either seen as the body or eye of Ra. Ra was the father of Shu and Tefnut, whom he created. Shu was the god of the wind, and Tefnut was the goddess of the rain. Sekhmet was the Eye of Ra and was created by the fire in Ra's eye. She was a violent lioness.
Ra in the underworld.
Ra was thought to travel on two solar boats called the "Mandjet" (the Boat of Millions of Years), or morning boat and the "Mesektet", or evening boat. These boats took him on his journey through the sky and the "Duat", the literal underworld of Egypt. While Ra was on the "Mesektet", he was in his ram-headed form. When Ra traveled in his sun boat he was accompanied by various other deities including Sia (perception) and Hu (command) as well as Heka (magic power). Sometimes members of the Ennead helped him on his journey, including Set, who overcame the serpent Apophis, and Mehen, who defended against the monsters of the underworld. When Ra was in the underworld, he would visit all of his various forms.
Apophis, the God of chaos, was an enormous serpent who attempted to stop the sun boat's journey every night by consuming it or by stopping it in its tracks with a hypnotic stare. During the evening, the Egyptians believed that Ra set as Anum or in the form of a ram. The "Mesektet", or the Night boat, would carry him through the underworld and back towards the east in preparation for his rebirth. These myths of Ra represented the sun rising as the rebirth of the sun by the sky goddess Nut; thus attributing the concept of rebirth and renewal to Ra and strengthening his role as a creator god as well.
When Ra was in the underworld, he merged with Osiris, the god of the dead, and through it became the god of the dead as well.
Ra as creator.
With the Ancient Egyptian's complicated polytheistic beliefs, Ra was worshipped as the creator god to some Ancient Egyptians, specifically his followers at Heliopolis. It was believed that Ra wept, and from the tears he wept came man. These cult-followers believed that Ra was self-created, while followers of Ptah believed that Ra was created by Ptah. It is believed that this is the reason for pyramids of Old Kingdom worshippers at Heliopolis rarely mentioning Ra. In a passage of the Book of the Dead, Ra cuts himself, and his blood transforms into two intellectual personifications: "Hu", or authority, and "Sia", or mind. Ra is also accredited with the creation of the seasons, months, plants, and animals.
Iconography.
Ra was represented in a variety of forms. The most usual form was a man with the head of a hawk and a solar disk on top and a coiled serpent around the disk. Other common forms are a man with the head of a beetle (in his form as Khepri), or a man with the head of a ram. Ra was also pictured as a full-bodied ram, beetle, phoenix, heron, serpent, bull, cat, or lion, among others.
He was most commonly featured with a ram's head in the Underworld. In this form, Ra is described as being the "ram of the west" or "ram in charge of his harem.
In some literature, Ra is described as an aging king with golden flesh, silver bones, and hair of lapis lazuli.
Worship.
The chief cult centre of Ra was Heliopolis (called "Iunu", "Place of Pillars", in Egyptian), where he was identified with the local sun-god Amun. Through Amun, or as Amun-Ra he was also seen as the first being and the originator of the Ennead, consisting of Shu and Tefnut, Geb and Nut, Osiris, Set, Isis and Nephthys. Oddly enough, this was the home of the Ennead that was believed to be headed by Amun, with whom he was merged. The holiday of 'The Receiving of Ra' was celebrated on May 26 in the Gregorian calendar.
His local cult began to grow from roughly the second dynasty, establishing Ra as a sun deity. By the fourth dynasty the pharaohs were seen as Ra's manifestations on earth, referred to as "Sons of Ra". His worship increased massively in the fifth dynasty, when Ra became a state deity and pharaohs had specially aligned pyramids, obelisks, and solar temples built in his honor. The rulers of the fifth dynasty told their followers that they were sons of Ra himself and the wife of the high priest of Heliopolis. These pharaohs spent most of Egypt's money on sun temples. The first Pyramid Texts began to arise, giving Ra more and more significance in the journey of the pharaoh through the Underworld.
During the Middle Kingdom era, Ra was increasingly affiliated and combined with other chief deities, especially Amun and Osiris.
At the time of the New Kingdom, the worship of Ra had become more complicated and grander. The walls of tombs were dedicated to extremely detailed texts that depicted Ra's journey through the underworld. Ra was said to carry the prayers and blessings of the living with the souls of the dead on the sun boat. The idea that Ra aged with the sun became more popular during the rise of the New Kingdom.
Many acts of worship included hymns, prayers, and spells to help Ra and the sun boat overcome Apep.
The rise of Christianity in the Roman Empire put an end to the worship of Ra by the citizens of Egypt, and as Ra's popularity suddenly died out, the study of Ra became of purely academic interest even among the Egyptian priests.
Relationship to other gods.
Gods merged with Ra.
As with most widely worshiped Egyptian deities, Ra's identity was often combined with other gods, forming an interconnection between deities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19230856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230856" title="U.S. Comacchio Lidi">
U.S. Comacchio Lidi

Unione Sportiva Comacchio Lidi is an Italian association football club located in Comacchio, Emilia-Romagna. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="19230860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230860" title="George Mikell">
George Mikell

George Mikell (born Jurgis Mikelaitis; 15 April 1930) is an Australian actor and writer best known for his performances in "The Guns of Navarone" (1961) and "The Great Escape" (1963). Mikell has appeared in over 30 films and has had numerous leading roles in theatre.
Now retired from acting, Mikell has written two film scripts, numerous short stories and in 2002 published an essay of his 2001 trip to the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19230869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230869" title="Shavit 2">
Shavit 2

Shavit 2 (Hebrew: "comet" - 2 שביט) was the first sounding rocket which Israel launched on 5 July 1961 for meteorological research. [http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=r1FDTCVE4asC&pg=PA41&lpg=PA41&dq=%22shavit+2%22+1961+-wikipedia&source=web&ots=fAg5gRgrxS&sig=BbAvJHSITKKLciFVvM5MZoKXZ-I&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=8&ct=result#PPA42,M1
Full details of the rocket are still classified. It was a two stages Solid-fuel rocket, built by RAFAEL Armament Development Authority. The weight of Shavit 2 was 250 kilogram and its height was 3.76 meters. The rocket achieved top height of 80 kilometers.
The first two stages of the Shavit rocket are similar to those of the Jericho-II Nuclear missile. The third stage is custom designed for orbital insertion.
References.
The above in English:

</doc>
<doc id="19230872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230872" title="Elexorien">
Elexorien

Elexorien was a Power metal/Viking metal band from Groningen, Netherlands.
Musical characteristics.
Elexorien plays a mixture of power and viking metal with growls and classically trained female vocals, also taking influences from folk, black and death metal. The term "Epic Battle metal" is how the band defines their own sound. [http://elexorien.com/?page_id=3]
Band history.
Formation, Debut Album. (2004-2008).
Founded in 2004 by Lainedil (guitarist, growls), Grimbert (keyboard), Liza (bass) and Joris (drums), they first went under the name Tearful Dawn. They then changed their name to Elexorien, which is taken from one of Kit Rae's fantasy blades from the Swords of the Ancients. 
In 2005 they were joined by vocalist Iné and guitarist Wolve. With these additions they finished up their line-up and went to play in quite a few concerts in Netherlands, supporting bands like Ensiferum, Suffocation and Korpiklaani.Later in May 2005, they recorded and released their promo "Rising of the Storm", which was then followed by their full-length self-titled debut album, released on April 13, 2007. [http://elexorien.com/?page_id=5
For Those Who Remain, Second Album, Future (2008 - Present).
At the start of the year the band announced they would part ways with drummer Joris. Joris left to focus on different musical styles. He stayed with the band for several gigs after that so they would have enough time to find a replacement. In July they found that replacement in Merlijn Poolman. [http://elexorien.com/?p=1
In November 2008, the band announced they would enter the studio again to record an EP called "For Those Who Remain". This EP will include an unreleased track that will also be featured on their upcoming album. [http://elexorien.com/?p=59] On December 21, 2008 the long awaited "Hard as Iron" DVD was released by their label Trollzorn. 
In January the band announced they added their newly recorded song "For Those Who Remain" to their Myspace page, [http://www.myspace.com/elexorienband] and that they had an upcoming tour scheduled for late 2009 in South America together with God Dethroned.
In September 2009, Iné stepped down as vocalist of Elexorien.
On February 8, 2010, Elexorien announced they had found a new singer.
On May 20, 2011 It was announced in the official site, that Elexorien had split up.

</doc>
<doc id="19230879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230879" title="River Wear">
River Wear

The River Wear ( ) in North East England rises in the Pennines and flows eastwards, mostly through County Durham to the North Sea in the City of Sunderland. At long, it is one of the region's longest rivers, wends in a steep valley through the cathedral city of Durham and gives its name to Weardale in its upper reach and Wearside by its mouth.
Geology and history.
The Wear rises in the east Pennines, an upland area raised up during the Caledonian orogeny. Specifically, the Weardale Granite underlies the headwaters of the Wear. Devonian Old Red Sandstone in age, this Weardale Granite does not outcrop but was surmised by early geologists, and subsequently proven to exist as seen in the Rookhope borehole. It is the presence of this granite that has retained the high upland elevations of this area (less through its relative hardness, and more due to isostatic equilibrium) and accounts for heavy local mineralisation, although it is considered that most of the mineralisation occurred during the Carboniferous period. Mining of lead ore has been known in the area of the headwaters of the Wear since the Roman occupation and continued into the nineteenth century when it accounts for the early extension of the then-new railways westwards along the Wear valley. Fluorspar is another mineral sporadically co-present with Weardale Granite and became important in the manufacture of steel from the late c19 into the c20; in many cases the steel industries were able to take previously unwanted excavation heaps. Fluorspar explains why iron and steel manufacture flourished in the Wear valley, Consett and Teesside during the nineteenth century. Overlying are three Carboniferous minerals: Limestone, Coal Measures as raw materials for iron and steel manufacture, and sandstone, useful as a refractory material. The last remaining flourspar mine closed in 1999 following legislation re water quality. A mine at Rogerley Quarry Frosterley is operated by an American consortium who occasionally work it for specimen minerals. Minco are currently exploring the North Pennines and the upper Wear catchment for potential reserves of zinc at lower levels. Ironstone which was important as the ore was won from around Consett and Tow Law, then around Rookhope, while greater quantities were imported from just south of the southerly Tees in North Yorkshire. These sources were in due course depleted or became uneconomic. Spoil heaps from the abandoned lead mines can still be seen, and since the last quarter of the twentieth century have been the focus of attention for the recovery of gangue minerals in present mining, such as fluorspar for the smelting of aluminium. However, abandoned mines and their spoil heaps continue to contribute to heavy metal mineral pollution of the river and its tributaries. This has significance to fishing in times of low flow and infrastructure costs as the River Wear is an important source of drinking water for many of the inhabitants along its course. The former cement works at Eastgate, until recently run by Lafarge, was based on an inlier of limestone. The site recently gained planning permission to form a visitor complex show casing and eco village using altenative technology including "hot rocks" water heating system. The underlying granite has been drilled and reports confirm their presence. Bardon Aggregates continue to quarry at Heights near Westgate and operate a tarmac "blacktop" plant on site. 
Mineral extraction has also occurred above St John's Chapel with the extraction of Ganister which was used in the steel process at Consett. Around Frosterley, Limestone, Sand (crushed sandstone) and Frosterley Marble http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frosterley have been worked and the Broadwood Quarry recently expanded into ground held on an old licence. The crushing plant continues to operate. A quarry at Bollihope was also mooted on a similar basis but plans seem to have been discontinued. Frosterley Marble was used extensively in church architecture, there are local examples in St Michael's church Frosterley and Durham Cathedral. 
The upland area of Upper Weardale retains a flora that relates, almost uniquely in England, to the end of the last Ice Age, although it almost or entirely lacks the particular rarities that make up the unique "Teesdale Assemblage" of post-glacial plants. This may, in part, be due to the Pennine areas of Upper Weardale and Upper Teesdale being the site of the shrinking ice cap. The glaciation left behind many indications of its presence, including lateral moraines and material from the Lake District and Northumberland, although surprisingly few drumlins. After the Ice Age, the Wear valley became thickly forested, however during the Neolithic period and increasingly in the Bronze Age, were largely deforested for agriculture — many woods break up rolling fields and crags in Weardale but not on the scale of for instance in the region Kielder Forest partly in Northumberland National Park.
It is thought that the course of the River Wear, prior to the last Ice Age, was much as it is now as far as Chester-le-Street. This can be established as a result of boreholes, of which there have been many in the Wear valley due to coal mining. However, northwards from Chester-le-Street, the Wear may have originally followed the current route of the lower River Team. The last glaciation reached its peak about 18,500 years ago, from which time it also began a progressive retreat, leaving a wide variety of glacial deposits in its wake, filling existing river valleys with silt, sand and other glacial till. At about 14,000 years ago, retreat of the ice paused for maybe 500 years at the city of Durham. This can be established by the types of glacial deposits in the vicinity of Durham City. The confluence of the River Browney was pushed from Gilesgate (the abandoned river valley still exists in Pelaw Woods), several miles south to Sunderland Bridge (Croxdale). At Chester-le-Street, when glacial boulder clay was deposited blocking its northerly course, the River Wear was diverted eastwards towards Sunderland where it was forced to cut a new, shallower valley. The gorge cut by the river through the Permian magnesian limestone can be seen most clearly at Ford Quarry.
In the 17th edition of Encyclopædia Britannica (1990), reference is made to a pre-Ice Age course of the River Wear outfalling at Hartlepool.
Much of the River Wear is associated with the history of the Industrial Revolution. Its upper end runs through lead mining country, until this gives way to coal seams of the Durham coalfield for the rest of its length. As a result of limestone quarrying, lead mining and coal mining, the Wear valley was amongst the first places to see the development of railways. The Weardale Railway continues to run occasional services between Stanhope and Wolsingham.
Course.
Rising in the east Pennines, its head waters consisting of several streams draining from the hills between Killhope Law and Burnhope Seat, the head of the river is held to be in Wearhead, County Durham at the confluence of Burnhope Burn and Killhope Burn. This is shown on Ordnance Survey maps, and on the County Durham GIS online. However, a map produced by Durham County Council, and used on an interpretation board at Cowshill shows the River Wear taking in the northwest Killhope Burn from Wearhead up to Killhope. Excepting that this apparent extension of the Wear is an error, it can be assumed that there are attempts to reclassify Killhope Burn as the River Wear - on some analyses this practice of backtracking is common in the study of rivers as it gives the River Wear an issue as the source instead of a confluence, to which this article's Geology relates. The River Wear is a spate river and has been heavily influenced by previous government funded drainage schemes (gripping) with a view to improving marginal agricultural land. The river rises very quickly and has experienced much heavy flooding resulting in enhanced river bank erosion
The river flows eastwards through Weardale, one of the larger valleys of west County Durham, subsequently turning south-east, and then north-east, meandering its way through the Wear Valley still in County Durham to the North Sea where it outfalls at Wearmouth in the main locality of Monkwearmouth on Wearside in the City of Sunderland. The from head to mouth. Prior to the creation of Tyne and Wear, the Wear had been the longest river in England with a course entirely within one county. The Weardale Way, a long-distance public footpath, roughly follows the entire route, including the length of Killhope Burn.
Wearhead to Bishop Auckland.
There are several towns, sights and tourist places along the length of the river. The market town of Stanhope is known in part for the ford across the river. From here the river is followed by the line of the Weardale Railway, which crosses the river several times, through Frosterley, Wolsingham, and Witton-le-Wear to Bishop Auckland.
Bishop Auckland to Durham.
On the edge of Bishop Auckland the Wear passes below Auckland Park and Auckland Castle, the official residence of the Bishop of Durham and its deer park. A mile or so downstream from here, the Wear passes Binchester Roman Fort, Vinovia, having been crossed by Dere Street, the Roman road running from Eboracum (now York) to Coria (now Corbridge) close to Hadrian's Wall. From Bishop Auckland the River Wear meanders in a general northeasterly direction, demonstrating many fluvial features of a mature river, including wide valley walls, fertile flood plains and ox-bow lakes. Bridges over the river become more substantial, such as those at Sunderland Bridge (near Croxdale), and Shincliffe. At Sunderland Bridge the River Browney joins the River Wear.
Durham.
When it reaches the city of Durham the River Wear passes through a deep, wooded gorge, from which several springs emerge, historically used as sources of potable water. A few coal seams are visible in the banks. Twisting sinuously in an incised meander, the river has cut deeply into the "Cathedral Sandstone" bedrock. The high ground (bluffs) enclosed by this meander is known as the "Peninsula", forming a defensive enclosure, at whose heart lies Durham Castle and Durham Cathedral and which developed around the Bailey into Durham city. That area is now a UN World Heritage Site. Beneath Elvet Bridge are Brown's Boats (rowing boats for hire) and the mooring for the Prince Bishop, a pleasure cruiser.
The River Wear at Durham was featured on a television programme "Seven Natural Wonders" as one of the wonders of Northern England.
In June each year, the Durham Regatta, which predates that at Henley, attracts rowing crews from around the region for races along the river's course through the city. Seven smaller Regattas and Head Races are held throughout the rest of the year, which attract a lower number of competitors. There are 14 boathouses and 20 boat clubs based on the Wear in Durham. 
Two weirs impede the flow of the river at Durham, both originally created for industrial activities. The Old Fulling Mill is now an archaeological museum. The second weir, beneath Milburngate Bridge, now includes a salmon leap and fish counter, monitoring sea trout and salmon, and is on the site of a former ford. Considering that 138,000 fish have been counted migrating upriver since 1994, it may not be surprising that a family of cormorants live on this weir, and can frequently be watched stretching their wings in an attempt to cool off after feeding.
The river's banks also lend their name to a hymn tune "Elvet Banks" in the LCMS 2006 hymnbook, used (appropriately) for a hymn for baptism.
Durham to Chester-le-Street.
Between Durham City and Chester-le-Street, due north, the River Wear changes direction repeatedly, flowing south westwards several miles downstream having passed the medieval site of Finchale Priory, a former chapel and later a satellite monastery depending on the abbey church of Durham Cathedral. Two miles downstream, the river is flowing south eastwards. The only road bridge over the Wear between Durham and Chester-le-Street is Cocken Bridge. As it passes Chester-le-Street, where the river is overlooked by Lumley Castle, its flood plain has been developed into The Riverside, the home pitch of Durham County Cricket Club. Passing through the Lambton Estate (still owned by the Lambton family, and briefly a lion park during the 1970s) the river becomes tidal, and navigable.
Chester-le-Street to Sunderland.
On exiting the Lambton estate the river leaves County Durham and enters the City of Sunderland, specifically the southern/south-eastern edge of the new town of Washington. At Fatfield the river passes beneath Worm Hill, around which the Lambton Worm is reputed to have curled its tail.
Already the riverbanks are showing evidence of past industrialisation, with former collieries and chemical works. A little further downstream the river passes beneath the Victoria Viaduct, (formally called the Victoria Bridge). Named after the newly crowned queen, the railway viaduct opened in 1838, was the crowning achievement of the Leamside Line, then carrying what was to become the East Coast Main Line. A mile to the east is Penshaw Monument, a local iconic landmark. As the river leaves the environs of Washington, it forms the eastern boundary of Washington Wildfowl Trust.
Sunderland.
Having flowed beneath the A19 trunk road, the river enters the suburbs of Sunderland. The riverbanks show further evidence of past industrialisation, with former collieries, engineering works and dozens of shipyards. In their time, Wearside shipbuilders were some of the most famous and productive shipyards in the world. The artist L. S. Lowry visited Sunderland repeatedly and painted pictures of the industrial landscape around the river. Three bridges cross the Wear in Sunderland: the Queen Alexandra Bridge to the west, and the Wearmouth rail and road bridges in the city centre.
On both banks at this point there are modern developments, some belonging to the University of Sunderland (St. Peter's Campus; Scotia Quay residences) and to the National Glass Centre. A riverside sculpture trail runs alongside this final section of its north bank. The St Peter's Riverside Sculpture Project was created by Colin Wilbourn, with crime novelist and ex-poet Chaz Brenchley. They worked closely with community groups, residents and schools.
As the river approaches the sea, the north bank (Roker) has a substantial residential development and marina. A dolphin nicknamed Freddie was a frequent visitor to the marina, attracting much local publicity. However, concern was expressed that acclimatising the dolphin to human presence might put at risk the safety of the dolphin regarding the propellors of marine craft. The south bank of the river is occupied by what remains of the Port of Sunderland, once thriving and now almost gone.
The River Wear flows out of Sunderland between Roker Pier and South Pier, and into the North Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19230889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230889" title="Derek Fox (broadcaster)">
Derek Fox (broadcaster)

Derek Tinia Fox (born 1947) is a New Zealand broadcaster, commentator, publisher, journalist and Māori Party candidate in several elections. He was the Mayor of Wairoa from 1995 to 2001. 
Born in Auckland, he grew up 45 km east of Wairoa on the Mahia Peninsula. He is of Ngāti Kahungunu and Ngāti Porou descent. 
He worked for Television New Zealand to 1986, where he fronted Koha a Māori current affairs programme, and produced Te Karere a Māori news programme from 1983. He then launched Mana magazine and Rotorua-based Mana Māori News. He also became the chair of the Māori Broadcasters Association, which was later renamed Ngā Aho Whakaari. 
Next he was Chairman of the board of Māori TV. Despite hiring and then firing (for falsifying his CV) Canadian John Davy as chief executive, Prime Minister Helen Clark said he was the pre-eminent Māori broadcaster of his generation. 
Fox stood for the Māori Party in the 2008 election, in the Ikaroa-Rāwhiti seat against Labour’s Parekura Horomia, the Māori affairs minister (who he had run against as an independent in 1999). His candidacy was unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="19230896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230896" title="Monkwearmouth Colliery">
Monkwearmouth Colliery

Monkwearmouth Colliery (or Wearmouth Colliery) was a major North Sea coal mine located on the north bank of the River Wear, located in Sunderland. It was the largest mine in Sunderland and one of the most important in County Durham in northeast England. First opened in 1835 and in spite of the many accidents at the pit, the mine was the last to remain operating in the County Durham Coalfield. The last shift left the pit on December 10, 1993, ending over 800 years of commercial coal mining in the region. The Colliery site was cleared soon afterwards, and the Stadium of Light, the stadium of Sunderland A.F.C., was built over it, opening in July 1997 to replace nearby Roker Park.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19230897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230897" title="Bahrain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Bahrain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Bahrain sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19230900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230900" title="Cyprus at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Cyprus at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Cyprus sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. Its delegation consisted in one track and field athlete (Antonis Aresti), one competitor in shooting (Evripides Georgiou), and two swimmers (Karolina Pelendritou and Andreas Potamitis).
The country won a total of four medals: one gold, two silver and one bronze. This was by far Cyprus' best performance ever at the Paralympics; over the course of its five previous participations, it had won a single medal (a gold in swimming in 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="19230903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230903" title="Uzbekistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Uzbekistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Uzbekistan sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19230908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230908" title="Athletics at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's triple jump">
Athletics at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's triple jump

The Men's triple jump at the 1952 Olympic Games took place on 23 July at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium.Brazilian athlete Adhemar da Silva won the gold medal.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
The following new world and Olympic records were set during this competition.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualifying Performance 14.55 advance to the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19230914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230914" title="Elexorien (album)">
Elexorien (album)

Full-length self-titled debut album of the Dutch Power metal/Viking metal band Elexorien.

</doc>
<doc id="19230915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230915" title="Cherry Street Strauss Trunnion Bascule Bridge">
Cherry Street Strauss Trunnion Bascule Bridge

The Cherry Street Strauss Trunnion Bascule Bridge is a bascule bridge and Warren truss in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Located in the industrial Port Lands area, it carries Cherry Street over the Toronto Harbour Ship Channel and opens to allow ships to access the channel and the turning basin beyond. The bridge was built in 1931 by the company of Joseph Strauss and the Dominion Bridge Company. The north side of the bridge has 750-ton concrete counterweights that allow the bridge to pivot to open.
There are two bascule bridges on Cherry Street. The other, smaller bridge, crosses the Keating Channel, while this bridge crosses the Ship Channel.
The bridge is designed to carry two lanes of traffic, and was designated under the Ontario Heritage Act by the City of Toronto in 1992 as architecturally historical.
The city spent $2.5 million CAD to refurbish the bridge in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19230931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230931" title="Théâtre de la foire">
Théâtre de la foire

Théâtre de la foire is the collective name given to the theatre put on at the annual fairs at Saint-Germain and Saint-Laurent (and for a time, at Saint-Ovide) in Paris.
Foire Saint-Germain.
The earliest references to the annual fair date to 1176. The fairground itself was established in 1482 by Louis XI for the benefit of the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés and was located near the Abbey on the Left Bank southwest of the city center just outside one of the gates of the city wall built by Philip II at the beginning of the 13th century. The covered Saint-Germain market today occupies part of the former fairground site with access from the Boulevard Saint-Germain via the Rue de Montfaucon 
(satellite view).
The fair generally lasted three to five weeks around Easter. During the 18th century it consistently opened on 3 February and lasted until Palm Sunday.
The fair's first actors whose names are recorded were Jehan Courtin and Nicolas Poteau, who so entertained the Parisian public in 1595 that the actors of the Hôtel de Bourgogne filed a suit against them; they probably lost because the two fairground actors returned several years later. In 1618, André Soleil and Isabel Le Gendre met with similar success. Later, marionette manipulators, tightrope walkers and animal trainers so delighted the fair-going public that in 1643, Paul Scarron dedicated a poem on the subject to the Duke of Orléans.
Among the most famous artists of the Saint-Germain fair were: marionnette manipulators Pierre and François Datelin (better known by the name Brioché), Jean-Baptiste Archambault, Jérôme, Arthur and Nicolas Féron; dancers Charles and Pierre Alard, Moritz von der Beek (aka Maurice), Alexandre Bertrand and Louis Nivelon; actors Louis Gauthier de Saint-Edme, Jean-Baptiste Constantini, Catherine von der Beek, Étienne Baron, Charles Dolet, Antoine Francassani, Jean-Baptiste Hamoche, Dominique Biancolelli, Francisque, and many others for whom Alain-René Lesage, Louis Fuzelier and Jacques-Philippe d'Orneval wrote numerous plays.
Early operatic works by Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny were performed at the fair: the intermède "Les aveux indiscrets" (7 February 1759), and the opéras bouffons "Le maître en droit" (13 February 1760), and "Le cadi dupé" (4 February 1761). François-André Danican Philidor's opéra comique "Blaise le savetier" was produced there on 9 March 1759, followed by "Le jardinier et son seigneur" on 18 February 1761.
Among depictions of this fair is the famous miniature dated 1763 by Louis-Nicolas van Blarenberghe (1716–1794) at the Wallace Collection in London.
Foire Saint-Laurent.
The Saint Laurent fair was first established in 1183 in central Paris at Les Champeaux (later better known as Les Halles). After a century and a half, it moved north of Paris to a site near the fair's new sponsor, the leper colony of Saint-Lazare. In 1661 it moved to a nearby enclosure on the north side of the Rue de Saint Laurent, across from and a bit west of the Church of Saint-Laurent. The new location was just east of the Rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis, across from the Abbaye des frères de Saint-Lazare (as the leper colony was now known). The Abbaye was later to become the Prison Saint-Lazare, and finally the Hôpital Saint-Lazare. Although the fairground was demolished in the early 19th century, its former site is located directly southwest of the entrance to today's Gare de l'Est.
The Saint-Laurent fair was a meeting place for artisans, merchants, and the middle class, and was held outdoors, while the Saint-Germain fair, sheltered from the weather, served as more of a showcase for luxury commodities (jewelry, china, musical instruments, prints). Many artists and performance troupes from the Saint-Germain fair also appeared at Saint-Laurent, as one fair happenened in the spring and the other took place in the summer. Beginning in the eighteenth century, the Saint-Laurent Fair was scheduled to last from 9 August to 29 September. The alternation in the timing of the fairs allowed the public to follow their favorite shows and permitted the evolution of a kind of theatrical "soap opera", where a play which began at Saint-Germain was continued at Saint-Laurent.
A number of celebrated opéras comiques by François-André Danican Philidor were first performed at the fair: "Le diable à quatre, ou La double métamorphose" (19 August 1756), "L'huître et les plaideurs, ou Le tribunal de la chicane" (17 September 1759), "Le soldat magicien" (14 August 1760), and "Le maréchal ferrant" (22 August 1761). Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny's "On ne s'avise jamais de tout" was premiered there on 14 September 1761.
Foire Saint-Ovide.
Founded in 1764 at the Place Louis XIV (now known as Place Vendôme), the Saint-Ovide fair moved to the Place Louis XV (now called the Place de la Concorde) in 1772. A small fair, it nonetheless competed with the Saint-Laurent fair, taking place at roughly the same time of year (approximately August 15 to September 15). It disappeared in 1777, destroyed by a fire.
Co-existence with the "grands théâtres".
From marionettes and tightrope walkers, fairground performers gradually came to perform extremely small plays, often written by renowned and talented authors. After the expulsion of Italian actors in 1697, actors and showmen were emboldened and they appropriated the Italians' repertoire. The professionalization of entertainment at the fair began to worry the Comédie-Française, which saw in it a dangerous competition. The Comédie-Française tried every means to preserve its privileges and, after many trials conducted before the Châtelet and the Parliament of Paris, it achieved the outright prohibition of performances with dialogue.
But it had not counted on the tricks that fairground actors were able to deploy to subvert these prohibitions. Seeing themselves prohibited from using any dialogue onstage, the actors began in 1707 to only play their parts in the form of monologues, or to talk to a mute, to an interlocutor placed in the wings, or even to an animal. Later they invented a form of jargon evoking a sort of low Latin, but which did not compete with the French language of which the Comédie-Française claimed exclusive use. Later, performers would write all the dialogue on "écriteaux" (signs), a sort of paper roll on which they displayed the words of the play. Here is how Ménier, the Commissioner of Police in Paris, described the scene in 1718:
"Next appear three archers who want to stop Harlequin, who, playing his lyre, charms them and manages to escape, all of which comprises the first act, which is performed by the actors as well as by the audience with the help of signs descending from above, on which are written the stories that make up the play: the actors gesture and express through various pantomime motions what is written on the signs, and the spectators sing and in some places the actors, to link the verses, say a few words, and when the signs come down, four violins, a bass, and an oboe sound the theme of the story written on the signs which the public sings."
The Comédie-Française no longer had any objective reasons for working against the fair performers; their claims had been met. It was now the turn of the Académie Royale de Musique to tell the competition that it was the unique holder of the right to sing, dance and accompany plays with music in France. The balance of power played out differently here and soon, the directors of the opera, plagued by increasing financial crises, tried to save the day by selling two fair directors the right to produce sung performances. Thus the Opéra-Comique was born in 1714.
Given the growing success of the fair performances, the opera demanded increasingly exorbitant royalties, which put a strain on fair directors. The strategic ally of the Opera, the Comédie-Française took the opportunity to deal a fatal blow in 1719: it obtained the removal of all fair shows, with the exception of marionnettes and tightrope walking.
Meanwhile, the regent had restored the Comédie-Italienne: it took the opportunity to occupy the St. Laurent fair for three years, from 1721 to 1723, but it did not meet with the expected success.
In 1724, a candle merchant named Maurice Honoré obtained permission to restore the Opéra-Comique and managed the company for three years. He was replaced by Pontau, Devienne, Jean Monnet and Charles Simon Favart, who directed the company successively until 1762, when it was reunited with the Comédie-Italienne.
A variety of fairground attractions appeared alongside performances by the Opéra-Comique: dancers, puppeteers and tightrope artists performed next to giants, dwarfs, monsters, talking heads, performing animals, etc. Gradually, the shows were moved to the boulevards, mostly to the Boulevard du Temple which in the 19th century was nicknamed the Boulevard du Crime. It was also at the fairs and on the boulevards that Jean-Baptiste Nicolet's troupe, the Grands-Danseurs du Roi, was born.
References.
Notes:
Cited sources:
Other sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19230935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230935" title="Canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's C-1 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics. The C-1 event is raced by single-man sprint canoes. The final took place on December 1.
Final.
Ten competitors entered, but one withdrew prior to the event. With only nine competitors, a final was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19230946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230946" title="Hardanger Arbeiderblad">
Hardanger Arbeiderblad

Hardanger Arbeiderblad was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Odda in Hordaland county.
"Hardanger Arbeiderblad" was started in 1919 as "Hardanger Social-Demokrat". Its name was changed in 1923, the same year as a faction of the Labour Party left social democracy to form the Communist Party of Norway. It was published once a week, but from mid-1927 twice a week. It was closed after its last issue on 14 August 1940 due to the German occupation of Norway. It returned in 1946, as a common project for the Labour and Communist parties, but went defunct in 1949. In the general election the same year the Communist Party had dropped from 11 to 0 seats in Parliament.
The first editor was Edvard Jørstad. Among the later editors was Harald Slåttelid.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19230959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230959" title="World Gastroenterology Organisation">
World Gastroenterology Organisation

The World Gastroenterology Organisation (WGO) is an international professional medical federation of over 100 national GI societies and 4 regional associations of gastroenterology representing over 50,000 individual members.
WGO is focused on “the improvement of standards in gastroenterology training and education on a global scale.” 
The association was founded in 1935 and incorporated in 1958. The WGO was originally known as the Organisation Mondiale de Gastroenterologie (OMGE) and was renamed the World Gastroenterology Organisation in 2006.
Its activities include educational initiatives such as Training Centers, Train the Trainers Workshops, public awareness campaigns such as World Digestive Health Day and Global Guidelines which cascade, providing viable solutions which are adaptable to varying resource levels around the world, as well as a quadrennial World Congress of Gastroenterology.
The WGO Foundation was incorporated in 2007 and is dedicated to raising fund to support the ongoing WGO education initiatives and activities.
History.
Georges Brohée (1887–1957), a Belgian surgeon who promoted modern gastroenterology, is largely responsible for the origin of the WGO, in particular by founding the Belgian Society of Gastroenterology in 1928 and by organizing the first International Congress of Gastroenterology in Brussels in 1935. In May 1958 the first World Congress of Gastroenterology was held in Washington DC, where Georges Brohée’s continuing efforts culminated in the constitution of the "Organisation Mondiale de Gastro-entérologie" (OMGE) on May 29, 1958.
Dr H.L. Bockus was the organisation’s first President. His vision was to enhance standards of education and training in gastroenterology.
Developed nations were the initial focus of the organization, however today the WGO embraces a global approach with a special emphasis on developing regions
Structure.
General management of the WGO is conducted by a Governing Council. Acting through the Governing Council, the organisation is empowered to undertake those activities necessary to fulfill the goals and mission of the WGO.
The Executive Committee oversees various programmes and consists of the President, Vice President, Past President, Coordinator of Education and Training, Secretary General, Treasurer, Guidelines and Publications Committee Chair and Coordinator of New Projects.
A General Assembly reviews and approves the work of the Governing Council and attends to other business (including the World Congress venue). The General Assembly is composed of representatives from all member societies and regional associations. Each national society has one vote in the General Assembly.
WGO has a number of committees including:
The elections and renewal of the WGO officers and committees takes place on the occasion of the General Assembly, which is held during the quadrennial World Congress of Gastroenterology.
Activities.
Educational initiatives.
Training centers.
There are currently 13 WGO Training Centers:
Global guidelines and cascades.
Each guideline is translated into six languages including English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian and Mandarin Chinese.
Guidelines with cascades:
Guidelines with cascades in development:
Public awareness campaigns.
World Digestive Health Day/Year.
The WGO celebrates World Digestive Health Day (WDHD) every May 29, initiating a worldwide public health campaign through its national societies and 50,000 individual members. Each year, WDHD focuses upon a particular digestive disorder and seeks to increase general public awareness of prevention and therapy. WDHD themes have included: 
Advertising campaigns.
In 2008, the WGO, together with Danone, launched a global campaign to improve digestive health, titled “"Optimum Health and Nutrition".” The campaign is part of a three year partnership between WGO and Danone to “"help raise awareness of digestive disorders and the importance of maintaining good digestive health".”.
WGO Foundation.
The WGO Foundation was established in 2007 to raise financial support to develop and sustain the World Gastroenterology Organisation’s global training and education programs. These programs focus primarily on developing, low-resource countries and aim to meet the increasing demand for digestive disorder prevention and treatment worldwide..”
Mission.
"To raise financial support to develop and sustain WGO's global training and education programs, especially in developing and low-resource countries." 
Activities.
The WGO Foundation has fund raising activities including Initiating fund raising campaigns:

</doc>
<doc id="19230963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230963" title="Ananda Thandavam">
Ananda Thandavam

Ananda Thandavam can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19230970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230970" title="List of Pretenders band members">
List of Pretenders band members


</doc>
<doc id="19230972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230972" title="Asakurajinja-mae Station">
Asakurajinja-mae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19230991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230991" title="William Charles Angliss">
William Charles Angliss

Sir William Charles Angliss (29 January 1865 – 15 June 1957) was a butcher, pastoralist, pioneer meat exporter, businessman, politician and philanthropist in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. He was knighted in 1939.
He was the eldest son of William Angliss, tailor, and his wife Eliza Fiddian, born in Dudley, Worcestershire, England. He was educated at Hawkhurst, Kent, and learnt the butchers trade as a youth working first with an uncle in London before migrating to New York. After two and a half years in North America he migrated to Rockhampton, Queensland in 1884. After working for a time in Brisbane and Sydney he moved to Melbourne in 1886 where he set up a butchers shop in North Carlton. He opened larger premises in Bourke Street, Melbourne in 1892 and started exporting frozen meat, becoming a pioneer of meat refrigeration. His meat export business was highly successful and he opened his own Freezing works in 1905 in Footscray.
His meat export business expanded into New South Wales and Queensland and his business also diversified into owning or managing pastoral leases and cattle stations, including jointly with Sidney Kidman.
He married Jacobena Grutzner at St. Columb's Church, Hawthorn, Victoria on 31 March 1919; they had one child, a daughter, Eirene Rose. Jacobena Angliss led a distinguished life as an Australian philanthropist, arts supporter and community worker.
From 1912 to 1952 Angliss was a member of the Legislative Council of Victoria, representing Southern Province, a predominantly rural farming electorate to the north of Melbourne, for various Non-Labor parties including: Nationalist Party of Australia; United Australia Party; and Liberal Party of Australia. His most important political contribution is regarded as a system of preferential controls which boosted meat exports arising from the Ottawa Imperial Conference in 1932, where he was the official business consultant to the Australian delegation.
In 1934 Angliss sold his meat business to the large British firm of Vesteys for 1.5million GBP, but retained many of his pastoral properties. He was knighted in 1939.
Sir William Angliss actively supported various charities including the Salvation Army and the settlement of migrant children in Australia. In 1940 he donated money to start a specialist trade or technical school specialising in providing vocational education and training opportunities for the hospitality and foods industries. Initially called the "William Angliss Food Trades School", apprenticeship courses were offered in pastry, butchery, breadmaking and baking, cooking and waiting. The school is now known as the William Angliss Institute of TAFE and is highly regarded in its specialty areas of Hospitality, Cookery and Tourism.
In his will, he set aside £1 million for the creation of two charitable funds: one in Victoria and one in Queensland, which are administered by the "William Angliss Charitable Fund".

</doc>
<doc id="19230997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19230997" title="Miyano-oku Station">
Miyano-oku Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231017" title="ActionQuest">
ActionQuest

ActionQuest is an organization which offers adventure programs during the Northern Hemisphere summertime to teenagers. ActionQuest runs sailing and SCUBA training programs throughout the Caribbean, Australia, Ecuador and the Galapagos, Tahiti, and the Mediterranean. 
Mission.
ActionQuest is an institution dedicated to "guiding diverse groups of young adults on exceptional global expeditions; challenging them with high action adventures that promote personal growth, teamwork and leadership".
BVI Trip.
The BVI trips attract teens from numerous countries.
History.
ActionQuest began running programs in the British Virgin Islands in the mid-1980s; however, its seafaring history extends back to the Flint School. The owner of ActionQuest sailed with the Flint School in his youth before starting ActionQuest and also sailed with Irving and Exy Johnson, who are considered the pioneers of sea training.
ActionQuest headquarters are in Sarasota, Florida. Programs are run out of West End, Tortola, at Soper's Hole Marina using yachts chartered from Sunsail. Sunsail has since moved its charter base from West End to Hodge's Creek and finally to Road Town in 2007. ActionQuest continues to charter boats through them.
When the owner's son decided to complete his goal of sailing around the world, he sailed to various locations which ActionQuest then decide to expand to with their programs. By the late 1990s, ActionQuest included programs in satellite locations such as Tahiti and French Polynesia, Fiji, Australia, and the Galapagos.
In 2006, ActionQuest's sister company Seamester built the 112-foot staysail schooner "Argo" for college students; however, in the summertime, programs are opened to high school teenagers to sail aboard in either the Mediterranean or the Western Pacific.
ActionQuest uses PADI certified scuba instructors and offers courses from Open Water through Divemaster. ActionQuest also works with International Yachtmaster Training (IYT) for sailing certifications. The Majority of students gain an Open Water certification in the British Virgin Islands. Marine Biology is also offered for high school credit in the BVIs. 
From ActionQuest grew two other institutions, Seamester Global Programs and Lifeworks International. Seamester owns two schooner, "Ocean Star" and "Argo" to run full-time training programs for college students around the world. Lifeworks International runs community-service based programs in the British Virgin Islands, Australia, China, Galapagos, Costa Rica, and Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="19231018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231018" title="Dorvigny">
Dorvigny

Louis-François Archambault (30 March 1742, Paris - 5 January 1812, Paris), stage name Dorvigny, was a French novelist, actor and playwright, and the inventor of janotism. Said to be an illegitimate son of Louis XV of France, he began his acting career under Nicolet and put on plays at the Théâtre des Variétés-Amusantes, the Ambigu-Comique, Les Grands-Danseurs du Roi, the Théâtre des Délassements-Comiques and the Théâtre des Associés.

</doc>
<doc id="19231038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231038" title="Soil guideline value">
Soil guideline value

Soil Guideline Values (SGVs) are a series of measurements and values used by the United Kingdom's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) to measure contamination of the soil. It is based on a series of toxicology reports from 1992 and is designed to show the chances and results of contamination to a particular piece of land.
SCV's include many sub-values and guidelines, most oriented around soil coverage and toxic deposits such as mercury. 

</doc>
<doc id="19231043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231043" title="Kōnai Station">
Kōnai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231050" title="Once a Crook">
Once a Crook

Once a Crook is a 1941 British crime film directed by Herbert Mason and featuring Gordon Harker, Sydney Howard, Bernard Lee, Kathleen Harrison, and Raymond Huntley. It is an adaptation to the big screen from a stage play by Evadne Price-Ken Attiwell.
Plot Summary.
Charlie Hopkins (Gordon Harker) is a retired burglar with an expertise in safecracking. His ex-partner The Duke (Bernard Lee) holds a grudge against Charlie, since he believes he ratted him out and semt him to jail. The Duke is out for revenge against Charlie, and hires bill Hopkins (Cyril Cusack), Charlie's son, to help him perform a hit, with an intention to frame the kid. The Duke's plan doesn't work out, since Bill turns out to be an even better safecracker than his old man. After many complications along the road, the hit is a success, and The Duke is bereaved of his revenge, ultimately stopped by his good-hearted sweetheart, Estelle (Carla Lehmann). 

</doc>
<doc id="19231058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231058" title="Silas Bent (naval officer)">
Silas Bent (naval officer)

Silas Bent III (1820–1887) was a naval officer in the U.S. Navy prior to the American Civil War. Silas Bent sailed both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and was recognized by the Navy for his contributions to oceanography which were published by the Navy. At the outset of the American Civil War, Silas Bent resigned his commission, as his sympathy was for the Southern cause.
Early life and family.
Silas Bent III was born on 10 October 1820 in St. Louis, Missouri, a son of a judge of the Missouri Supreme Court, also called Silas, with deep family roots in Massachusetts Bay Colony He married Ann Elizabeth Tyler of Louisville, Kentucky on 5 November 1857 and they had three children Mary Lawrence Bent, Lucy (Bent) McKinley, and Silas Bent IV, who was a journalist.
U.S. Naval service.
Bent was appointed midshipman at age 16 and served in the U.S. Navy for the next 25 years, during which he became well versed in the science of oceanography. He crossed the Atlantic Ocean five times, the Pacific Ocean twice, rounded Cape Horn four times and the Cape of Good Hope once.
Rescuing Americans at Nagasaki.
He was serving in "Preble" in 1849 when that brig sailed into Nagasaki, Japan, to secure the release of 18 shipwrecked American sailors imprisoned by the Japanese. He was flag lieutenant in Mississippi, Commodore Matthew C. Perry's flagship during the expedition to Japan between 1852 and 1854.
Hydrographic surveys.
He made hydrographic surveys of Japanese waters. The results of his survey were published by the government in 1857 in "Sailing Directions and Nautical Remarks: by Officers of the Late U.S. Naval Expedition to Japan".
Resigned due to Southern sympathies.
In 1860, Lt. Bent was detailed to the Hydrographic Division of the Coast Survey, but resigned from the Navy on 25 April 1861 at the outbreak of the American Civil War, apparently because of Southern sympathies.
Final years.
He returned to St. Louis upon resigning from the Navy and took up the management of his wife's estate. Lt. Bent died on 26 August 1887 at Shelter Island, Long Island, New York, and was buried in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honored in ship naming.
The , an oceanographic survey ship, was named in his honor in March 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19231061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231061" title="MapNTL.com">
MapNTL.com

MapNTL.com is a map publisher and a free online interactive map created principally for the needs of the Nigerian audience. MapNTL.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Spatial Technologies Ltd based in Ikeja Lagos business district.
MapNTL.com was created in October 2007 as a business directory with location element for businesses in Lagos and individuals who require direction from Point A to point B across Lagos and Nigeria using the Lagos street digital map and Nigerian transport highway map created by Spatial Technologies Ltd. MapNTL.com allows users to find their location, access street level maps, get driving directions and locate nearby points of interest including airports, hotels, restaurants, banks and ATMs. MapNTL.com also provides mapping services to business web sites. These include mapping, proximity searching, route finder, and local information.

</doc>
<doc id="19231063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231063" title="Services for mental disorders">
Services for mental disorders

Services for mental disorders offer treatments, support or advocacy to people judged to have mental disorders (mental illnesses).
Medical services.
Family practice (general practice) centers in communities are commonly the first line for assessment of mental health conditions, and may prescribe psychiatric drugs and sometimes provide basic counseling or therapy for "common mental disorders". Secondary medical services may include psychiatric hospitals, although since deinstitutionalization these have been restricted in favor of wards within general hospitals, and community mental health services based more locally. 
Such services may be provided on an inpatient or, more commonly, outpatient basis. They may offer a range of treatments, usually centered around psychiatric drugs, and be provided by a range of mental health professionals, notably psychiatrists and psychiatric and mental health nurses. Non-medical professionals may also be involved, such as clinical psychologists, social workers and various kinds of therapists or counselors. Usually headed by psychiatrists and therefore based on a medical model, multidisiplinary teams may be involved in assertive community treatment and early intervention, and may be coordinated via a case management system (sometimes referred to as "service coordination").
Individual therapy services.
Numerous services exist exclusively for the therapy of mental disorders and distress. They may offer integrative psychotherapy (an eclectic tailored mix of approaches) or a particular approach, such as cognitive behavioral therapy.
Social care services.
Community services often include supported housing with full or partial supervision, including halfway houses. Social workers and support workers provide support and advocacy.
Consumer, survivor and ex-patient services.
Many Consumer/survivor/ex-patient organizations provide services for those labeled as having a mental disorder. A number of charities providing services are "consumer-led". There are self-help/mutual support groups and day centers or clubhouses. Staff with a lived experience are now being employed as peer support specialists within mental health teams.
Traditional healing centers.
Traditional healing centers provide a popular and accessible service across the African continent and other areas of the world, and often deal with mental disorders.
Legal services.
Legal services exist to regulate and supervise the involuntary commitment or outpatient commitment of those judged to have mental disorders and to be a danger to themselves or others. Some legal organizations provide specialized services for those diagnosed with mental disorders who may be challenging discrimination or involuntary commitment. Mental health courts are specialized court dockets that exist in some places to provide community treatment and supervision in lieu of incarceration for criminal offenders with mental illness.
Global situation.
A Global Mental Health Group in coordination with the World Health Organization has called for an urgent scaling up of the funding, staffing and coverage of services for mental disorders in all countries, especially in low-income and middle-income countries.
According to the Recovery model, services must always support an individual's personal journey of recovery and independence, and a person may or may not need services at any particular time, or at all.
The UK is moving towards paying mental health providers by the outcome results that their services achieve.

</doc>
<doc id="19231066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231066" title="Jean-Baptiste Nicolet">
Jean-Baptiste Nicolet

Jean-Baptiste Nicolet (16 April 1728 - 27 December 1796) was a French actor and manager. He was the eldest son of puppeteer, dance master and violinist Guillaume Nicolet. He set up the Grands-Danseurs du Roi, the predecessor of the Théâtre de la Gaîté.

</doc>
<doc id="19231068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231068" title="Algarrobo, Chile">
Algarrobo, Chile

Algarrobo is a Chilean city and commune in San Antonio Province, Valparaíso Region. Located on the country's central coast, it is a popular summer resort for the population of Santiago. It is an upscale community near El Quisco and Valparaíso.
The San Alfonso del Mar resort, located north of the city, is home to the world's largest outdoor pool.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Algarrobo spans an area of and has 8,601 inhabitants (4,369 men and 4,232 women). Of these, 6,628 (77.1%) lived in urban areas and 1,973 (22.9%) in rural areas. The population grew by 44.1% (2,633 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Algarrobo is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Jorge Luis Pizarro Romero. The council has the following members:
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Algarrobo is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Mrs. María José Hoffmann (UDI) and Mr. Víctor Torres (PDC) as part of the 15th electoral district, (together with San Antonio, Santo Domingo, Cartagena, El Tabo, El Quisco and Casablanca). The commune is represented in the Senate by Francisco Chahuán Chahuán (RN) and Ricardo Lagos Weber (PPD) as part of the 6th senatorial constituency (Valparaíso-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19231069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231069" title="Ujidanchi-mae Station">
Ujidanchi-mae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231093" title="Jerry Stern">
Jerry Stern

Jerry A. Stern is a member Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 80th District first elected in 1992.
Career.
Prior to his election to the House, Stern was elected as Blair County Prothonotary and Clerk of Courts after serving as Deputy Prothonotary from 1982 to 1989.
In the Legislature, Stern has been appointed to the Subcommittee on Military and Veterans Facilities. He also has served on the Agricultural and Rural Affairs and Children and Youth Committees.
Personal.
Stern is a member of the Martinsburg Sportsmen's Association, Blair County Chamber of Commerce and Blair County Farm Bureau. Stern and his wife live in the Martinsburg area with their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19231100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231100" title="Jones Street">
Jones Street

Jones Street is a street located in Greenwich Village in the New York City borough of Manhattan. It runs Bleecker Street and West 4th Street. Jones Street is often confused with Great Jones Street in NoHo, located a little more than a half-mile to the east.
What is now Jones Street predates 1789, and was named for Doctor Gardner Jones. Today's Great Jones Street was named for Samuel Jones, a lawyer who revised New York State's statutes in 1789 together with Richard Varick, and became known as "The Father of The New York Bar", who was also the brother-in-law of Gardner Jones. Jones deeded the site of the street to the city under the condition that any street that ran through the property had to be named for him. However, when the street was first created in 1789, the city already had a "Jones Street," Neither brother-in-law would defer to the other to end the resulting confusion, but Samuel Jones finally ended the argument by suggesting "Then make mine 'Great Jones Street'". An alternative theory has the street name prefixed with "Great" as being the wider of the two Jones Streets.
Jones Street also features on the front cover of the 1963 Bob Dylan album, "The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan".
Movies filmed on Jones Street include "Cruising", "Whatever Works", and "Addicted to Love". Also, scenes from the first episode of the sixth season of "Californication" were filmed on Jones Street.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19231122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231122" title="Odda Nyhetsblad">
Odda Nyhetsblad

Odda Nyhetsblad was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Odda in Hordaland county.
"Odda Nyhetsblad" was started in 1925 by Andreas Bjelland, who was the newspaper's only chief editor; he had formerly published the newspaper "Sandheden" from 1909 to 1910. "Odda Nyhetsblad" was closed in 1940, returned in 1945 but went defunct in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19231125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231125" title="KNAF">
KNAF

KNAF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19231131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231131" title="Mamy Blue">
Mamy Blue

"Mamy Blue" (later aka "Mammy Blue") is the title of an international hit from 1971-72 for several artists. 
The song was originally written with French lyrics in 1970 by veteran French songwriter Hubert Giraud; he conceived the song in his car waiting out a Parisian traffic jam and had completed its demo within a few days. After four months the first recorded version of "Mamy Blue" was made - with Italian lyrics - by Ivana Spagna marking that singer's recording debut. 
In May 1971 Alain Milhaud, a French record producer based in Spain, acquired the song for Los Pop-Tops, a group he managed: Milhaud produced the Pop-Tops recording of "Mamy Blue" in a session in London after the group's frontman Phil Trim wrote English lyrics for the song. The French Barclay label expediently had the song covered by both Joël Daydé (fr) and Nicoletta. 
The Dayde version - featuring Phil Trim's English lyric - was recorded at Olympic Sound Studio in London and the Decca Studio in Paris: Wally Stott was the arranger. Nicoletta's version featured the original French lyrics written by Hubert Giraud who himself produced Nicoletta's recording. 
Chart success.
The Pop-Tops and Joël Daydé both reached #1 on the French charts with "Mamy Blue" while the Nicoletta version rose as high as #4 affording the singer her career record. Both the Pop-Tops and Dayde versions became concurrent major hits in several other territories including Belgium where the Pop-Tops and Dayde's versions reached #1 on respectively the Dutch and French chart with Pop-Tops reaching #3 on the latter, the Netherlands where Pop-Tops reached #3 and Dayde #13, Norway where Pop-Tops reached #1 and Dayde #3 and Sweden where Pop-Tops reached #1 and Dayde #6. In Spain Dayde's English version of "Mamy Blue" reached #2 while Pop-Tops reached #1 with a specially recorded version of the song in Spanish.
In Germany the Pop-Tops spent ten weeks at #1 while the Dayde version only charted peripherally at #40 while a German rendering recorded by Ricky Shayne afforded Shayne his best ever German chart showing with a #7 peak. The Pop-Tops also rendered "Mamy Blue" in Italian with a resultant #1 in Italy where a local cover by Johnny Dorelli also charted at #28: another Italian cover by Dalida failed to chart as did the English version by Ricky Shayne in its Italian release. Ricky Shayne's English version did appear in the French Top Ten (peak: #8) with the Dayde, Nicoletta and Pop Tops versions and also charted in Brazil (#1) and Japan, selling 500,000 copies in the latter territory where the Pop Tops version had also been a hit at #2. 
The Pop Tops English version also reached #1 in Austria, Denmark, Sweden and Switzerland; in Denmark the song also reached the Top Ten via a cover by Roger Whittaker which also reached #4 in Finland where the version by Pop Tops and a Finnish rendering by Kirka Babitzin also reached the Top Ten. 
The Joel Dayde version of "Mamy Blue" reached #2 in Australia, the only evident territory where Dayde did not have to vie with Pop Tops although the cover by Roger Whittaker and another by James Darren did well enough regionally to register on Australia's national chart with respective peaks of #53 and #47. In South Africa "Mamy Blue" was recorded by a session group billed as Charisma: produced by Graeme Beggs, this version spent twelve weeks at #1 making it the second longest running South African #1 hit. Otherwise "Mamy Blue" did not have a strong national chart showing in the English speaking world: in the UK the Pop Tops vied with a cover by Roger Whittaker with neither version reaching the Top 30 respective chart peaks being #35 and #31; in the US the Pop Tops was the sole charting version with a #57 peak on the Hot 100 in "Billboard" whose Easy Listening chart afforded the track a #28 peak; in Canada Pop Tops vied with a cover by session group Oak Island Treasury Department - these versions respectively peaking at #42 and #68 - while a cover by Roger Whittaker of the original French version was a hit on Canada's French charts reaching #2. "Mamy Blue" returned to the Hot 100 in 1973 via a remake by the Stories which peaked at #50: this version charted in Canada at #47.
Other covers.
The English version of "Mamy Blue" has also been recorded by Horace Andy, Julio Iglesias, Vicky Leandros, Genya Ravan, Demis Roussos, Muslim Magomayev and Laima Vaikule; Nicoletta also recorded the English version in addition to the French. Celine Dion and Lara Fabian have both made recordings of the original French version, which was remade in 2004 by Neje to reach #75 on the French charts. Jacques Desrosiers (Patof) has made a cover in French with different lyrics has "Patof Blue". The Spanish version has also been recorded by José Mercé while Roberto Blanco and Bata Ilic have both made recordings of the German version. The Finnish version of "Mamy Blue" has also been recorded by Fredi. German guitarist Ricky King recorded an instrumental version.
Language versions.
"Mamy Blue" has also been recorded in many other languages:
Sampling.
The song has been sampled in other recordings. Notably, in 2011, Didier Morville known as Joeystarr, the former vocalist of Suprême NTM made a new revamped rap version of the hit "Mamy Blue" he named "Mamy" with altogether new lyrics. "Mamy" heavily samples on the track mainly that of Nicoletta. The track appeared on the rapper's album titled "Egomaniac"

</doc>
<doc id="19231136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231136" title="High Flight (film)">
High Flight (film)

High Flight is a CinemaScope 1957 British cold war drama film in Technicolor, directed by John Gilling and featuring Ray Milland, Bernard Lee and Leslie Phillips. "High Flight" was filmed with the co-operation of the Royal Air Force (RAF). The title of the film was derived from the poem of the same name by Pilot Officer John Gillespie Magee, Jr., an American aviator who flew for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) and lost his life in 1941 over RAF Cranwell, where much of the film was shot.
Plot.
A group of flight cadets arrive at RAF Cranwell to begin a three-year training course to become RAF pilots. Amongst the group is Tony Winchester (Kenneth Haigh) who makes a memorable entrance by landing his civilian Taylorcraft Auster aircraft with his girlfriend (Anne Aubrey) aboard on the RAF runway just ahead of a de Havilland Vampire jet trainer piloted by Wing Commander Rudge (Ray Milland).
During the Second World War, Winchester's father had been Rudge's commanding officer and lost his life protecting Rudge who had disobeyed orders. Winchester is a difficult individual who harbours animosity towards Rudge over his father's wartime death. Another member of the aspiring pilots is the scientific minded Roger Endicott (Anthony Newley) who is also determined to create a working flying saucer. Endicott's flying radio controlled model develops difficulties as it literally crashes a Bishop's (Ian Fleming) tea party.
Winchester doesn't learn the meaning of team work, and nearly loses his life when he disobeys orders, flying into a storm. Rudge demands his resignation but reconsiders, remembering his own rash behaviour had been the cause of the death of Winchester's father. Rudge ultimately selects Winchester to fly in a precision aerial team training for the Farnborough Airshow. When the squadron is temporarily posted to a forward base in West Germany, Winchester flies close to hostile territory near the East German border, and is nearly shot down by anti-aircraft guns firing across the border. The wounded airman and his stricken aircraft are rescued by Rudge, who brings him back safely to a crash landing at his home base. Finally, Winchester is able to understand his true role in the RAF, and know that he is part of a team effort.
Cast.
As appearing in screen credits (main roles identified):
Production.
Irving Allen and Albert Broccoli commissioned Jack Davies to write a screenplay about the present day Royal Air Force. Davies visited various RAF stations in Britain and Germany as well as the RAF College at Cranwell. "To say that I was impressed with what I saw and learnt was an understatement," said Davies. "These young men who fly daily at supersonic speeds are the flower of our youth. They work hard and they play hard."
Photography was originally scheduled around No. 111 Squadron RAF, nicknamed "Treble One" or "Tremblers", stationed at RAF Wattisham. The squadron was in the process of, or had been recently selected as the Royal Air Force Fighter Command Aerobatics Display Team, which became known as the Black Arrows. Film of the team at the 1956 Farnborough Airshow was featured. When inclement weather interrupted filming at their home base, the production moved to RAF Leuchars in Fife. Scotland, home base of No. 43 Squadron RAF. RAF Station Leuchars later stood in for RAF Station Wünsdorf in West Germany. Principal photography which began on 10 April 1957, also took place at RAF Station Cranwell, Lincolnshire, utilising not only the facility but also film of the graduating ceremony of an actual training course, as well as RAF Chivenor, Devon, United Kingdom.
The use of RAF Percival Provost piston and de Havilland Vampire T.11 jet training aircraft and operational Hawker Hunter fighter aircraft heightened the authenticity of the film. During the course of production at RAF Leuchars, a Hunter "wheeled up" which allowed the film crew to use the wreck to simulate a Hunter crash. When the RAF did not allow the film crew to use an operational airframe as a camera platform, one Hunter was converted into a "PR" camera platform, specially modified at great cost, to carry a forward-facing Cinemascope camera. A screen was drawn on the front windscreen of the camera Hunter with a chinagraph crayon. The pilot was instructed to fill the windscreen with aircraft. Additional air-to-air shots were taken from an Avro Lincoln bomber. Other aircraft visible in the film include Handley Page Hastings transport aircraft and Bristol Sycamore helicopters.
The casting of Ray Milland was typical of the Warwick Films productions, in utilising the star power of an American actor, but in the case of Milland, he was also well suited to the film and its subject matter. During the 1930s and into the 1940s, the Welsh-born actor had moved to Hollywood, and during the Second World War, had served as a civilian instructor for the United States Army Air Forces.
Reception.
Released in England during Battle of Britain Week, "High Flight" did not fare well with critics. The film, however, was a commercial success, leading to a studio re-release in 1961. The authoritative "Flight" magazine noted that the aviation theme dominated, with 40 minutes of film time devoted to flying sequences. Later reviewers commented that the film was "... well written and acted. Lots of authentic jet flying sequences." Leonard Maltin, however, was more exacting, indicating " (a) stale British drama of recruits in training for the RAF ... Last reel, in the air, (was the) only exciting part."
Home video release.
Although rarely seen on television, and at times the US version, only in black and white, is broadcast, a DVD in colour is now available in the UK and worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19231160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231160" title="Yashiro-dōri Station">
Yashiro-dōri Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231179" title="Robert Haldane Bradshaw">
Robert Haldane Bradshaw

Robert Haldane Bradshaw (1759–1835) was agent to Francis Egerton, 3rd Duke of Bridgewater and, after the Duke's death, was the first Superintendent of the Bridgewater Trustees. The Trustees administered the Duke's estate, which included coal mines at Worsley and the Bridgewater Canal.
Robert Haldane Bradshaw was the eldest son of Thomas Bradshaw, who became Secretary to the Treasury. It is possible that Robert was educated at Harrow and he later entered public service. By 1800 he was agent to the Duke of Bridgewater. In 1802 the Duke appointed him as Member of Parliament for the pocket borough of Brackley and he retained this position until it was disenfranchised by the Reform Act of 1832. On the death of the Duke in 1803, his estate was vested in three Trustees, Bradshaw being appointed Superintendent. Bradshaw was totally responsible for running the estate, the other two being "dummy trustees". Following the death of the Duke, the income from the Bridgewater Trust went to his nephew George Leveson-Gower, the Marquess of Stafford (later the 1st Duke of Sutherland). On his death it was to go to Stafford's second son Francis Egerton.
Bradshaw was reluctant to leave London, where his home was close to the Duke's house, Bridgewater House. While running the Bridgewater estate, he complained of being over-worked, although this was largely due to his inability to delegate. His personality was "intensely conservative", while he had the reputation of being a "formidable negotiator". In November 1831 he suffered a stroke, which affected his left arm and leg and which impaired his business judgement. The Duke of Sutherland died in 1833 and following a disagreement between Bradshaw and Francis Egerton, Bradshaw was persuaded to retire in 1834. He retired to Kings Langley and died there a year later.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19231217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231217" title="Nakayama Station (Kōchi)">
Nakayama Station (Kōchi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231250" title="Okan Patirer">
Okan Patirer

Okan Patirer (born 21 February 1979 in Salzgitter) is a Turkish actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19231255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231255" title="Sorcerers Safari Magic Camp">
Sorcerers Safari Magic Camp

Sorcerers Safari Magic Camp is a performance arts camp solely dedicated to teaching the art of magic to young people.
History.
Sorcerer's Safari is the creation of Torontonian Mike Segal, who's been working as a magician since high school.
In 1996, the program started for day campers only, and there were only a few of them. Then in 1997, ten eager magic enthusiasts joined Magic Mike, his wife Jen, and a few keen staffer at Camp Tamarack.
Now Sorcerers Safari attracts an international student body, including youths from Japan, South Africa, Belgium, France and England. In 2002, the program moved to Camp White Pine, the same camp location where they filmed the movie Meatballs (film).
Here campers, who come in droves from all over North America study the art of magic, tutored by professional magicians, while enjoying a fun holiday in the great outdoors. Even non-magician visitors remark that it's astonishing to see it done, up close and out of nowhere.
Sorcerers Safari magic camp became part of the Ontario Camping Association (OCA) in 2004.
In 2007, Sorcerers Safari magic camp celebrated its official 10th anniversary.
Classes.
Performance related activities found at magic camp include, card magic class, coin magic class, balloon twisting, linking rings, and juggling. Other activities include the Stage workshops. Something like that covers the importance of microphones and how to project your voice without amplification.
There are also classes in marketing, restaurant magic and stage performance for campers who are serious about pursuing their craft as a career. (Many of them already do birthday parties and table hop at local eateries.)
Camp Scholarships.
Scholarships are given each year to deserving students. These camp scholarships are designed to instill an appreciation for and promote the art of magic. It is through the generosity of the people (listed directly below) that select students are able to attend Sorcerers Safari magic camp.
Special Guests.
Each year, Sorcerers Safari asks one of the leading magicians in the magic industry to attend magic camp as a special guest.
Sorcerers Safari Magic Camp's special guest list:

</doc>
<doc id="19231262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231262" title="Inoshō-mae Station">
Inoshō-mae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231278" title="Canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's C-2 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics. The C-2 event is raced by two-man sprint canoes. Because there were ten teams in this event, heats were introduced. Both the heats and final took place on December 1.
Heats.
The ten teams first raced in two heats. The top four teams in each heat advanced directly to the final.
Final.
The Danes originally finished seventh in the final, but were disqualified for reasons not disclosed in the official report.

</doc>
<doc id="19231283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231283" title="Kitauchi Station (Kōchi)">
Kitauchi Station (Kōchi)

Layout.
1 track is sandwiched between 2 side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="19231301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231301" title="Kitayama Station (Kōchi)">
Kitayama Station (Kōchi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231309" title="Aheloy (river)">
Aheloy (river)

The Aheloy River () or Achelous () is a river in eastern Bulgaria. It originates in the Aytos-Karnobat mountain, 1.5 kilometres from Dryankovets, and flows directly into the Black Sea south of the village of Aheloy. The Aheloy River has a length of 39.9 kilometres and has an irrigation reservoir, the Aheloy Reservoir, built along its flow. The river's drainage basin covers 141 square kilometres and its average discharge is 0.7 cubic metres per second.
The river is famous for being the site of the Battle of Achelous of 20 August 917 between Bulgarian ruler Simeon I and the Byzantines under Leo Phocas, one of the largest battles in the Middle Ages and one of the greatest military successes of the First Bulgarian Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19231347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231347" title="Narutani Station">
Narutani Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231370" title="Darío Jara Saguier">
Darío Jara Saguier

Darío Jara Saguier (born 27 January 1930 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former football striker and coach. Dario is one of the seven Jara Saguier brothers that played professional football in Paraguay.
Career.
As player.
Jara Saguier started his career in his hometown club Club Rubio Ñú in 1946 before moving to Cerro Porteño where he spent most of his career and became a key player. He was the 1st division topscorer two years in a row (1949 and 1950), scoring 18 goals on each season. In 1960, after a long career with Cerro Porteño, Saguier went on to play for several Paraguayan clubs such as General Caballero ZC, Rubio Ñú, Luis Alberto de Herrera (Guarambaré) and Olimpia de Itá before retiring in 1965.
At the national team level, Darío Jara Saguier was part of the Paraguay squad that competed in the 1950 FIFA World Cup in Brazil.
As coach.
Darío Jara Saguier started his coaching career while playing for Olimpia de Itá, where he had the role of player-manager. Along the years he coached teams like Sportivo Trinidense, Rubio Ñu, Resistencia S.C., Deportivo Recoleta, Pdte. Hayes, Club Cerro Corá, Sportivo Ameliano, Cerro Porteño, Luis Alberto de Herrera de Guarambaré, and Olimpia de Ita.

</doc>
<doc id="19231374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231374" title="Sam Mullarkey">
Sam Mullarkey

Sam Mullarkey (born 24 September 1987 in Lincoln) Is an English professional footballer who plays for Northern Premier League Division One South side Stamford.
Mullarkey appeared 18 times as a professional in the Football League for Lincoln City, before then he had been snubbed a professional contract with Nottingham Forest having progressed through the club's youth academy. He has also played for Grantham Town.
Club career.
Nottingham Forest.
Sam started off his career at Nottingham Forest as a trainee, however was released without making a first team appearance following the club's snub in order to offer him a professional contract.
Lincoln United.
Shortly after Sam joined hometown side Lincoln United of the Northern Premier League, but departed the club in 2007.
Grantham Town.
His career was kick started when he joined Grantham Town in 2007, following previous Lincoln United manager John Wilkinson. Mullarkey netted 19 times for the Grantham in 53 appearances, however he sustained injuries in a car accident during the pre-season, delaying his debut.
Lincoln City.
Mullarkey joined Lincoln City, a team he supported as a boy, towards the end of the 2007–08 season after impressing in a number of pre-season games. Mullarkey was offered a 1 year contract by Peter Jackson, becoming Jackson's 8th signing of the summer. He made his league debut coming on as substitute for Kevin Gall in the home draw with Grimsby Town. He scored his first goal for lincoln on 27 March 2009, against Notts County. He scored just three minutes after Delroy Facey had put Notts County into the lead. The match ended in a draw.
Mullarkey strangely rejected a fresh contract with The Imps, after the club had hoped to sign him up for the 2009-2010 season, and then shortly afterwards he left the club along with Adrian Patulea, who like Mullarkey had decided to leave under similar circumstances after he also rejected a fresh deal with the club.
Return to Lincoln United.
Just before the start of the new season, Mullarkey re-signed for Lincoln United. Mullarkey was released by United in January 2010 due to cost-cutting measures.
Stamford.
Despite being released months before, he once again linked up with United for the 2010/2011 season. Sam joined Stamford during July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19231375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231375" title="Rodney Hamilton">
Rodney Hamilton

Rodney Hamilton is currently the head women's basketball coach at Indiana Institute of Technology.
Playing career.
College.
Hamilton played collegiately at Georgia State University in Atlanta, Georgia, where he lettered all four seasons he played. Hamilton is the Panthers' all-time leader in scoring, assists and steals. He was a two-time All-Atlantic Sun Conference selection, earning first team and ASC All-Tournament honors in 1998. He was named second team All-ASC in 1997 and garnered Academic All-ASC both years. Hamilton is the only player in school history to start more than 100 games and was the first GSU player to have his jersey number retired.
Over his standout career, he scored 1,515 points, dished out 535 assists and grabbed 212 steals, all GSU records. He is also the most accurate free throw shooter in school history at 83.8 percent. Hamilton was honored by the CAA (Colonial Athletic Association) on January 30, 2007, as a CAA Legend. This is an honor that the conference hands out once per season to a men's basketball player that exemplifies the CAA.
Professional.
After his collegiate career, Hamilton played professionally for three seasons in Sweden, Switzerland and Hungary.
Coaching career.
Westside High School.
He became the head coach at Westside High School in Memphis in 2001. He left in 2005 to become the associate head coach at Crichton College.
Crichton College.
The 2006-07 Crichton team advanced to the NAIA Elite Eight after winning the TranSouth Athletic Conference regular season and tournament championships. At Crichton, Hamilton was also the inaugural coach of the women's cross country team that began competing in the 2006-07 season.
Southeast Missouri State.
Hamilton has been the assistant men's basketball coach at Southeast Missouri State since 2007. Hamilton's primary duties as an assistant coach include acting as the team's recruiting coordinator.

</doc>
<doc id="19231376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231376" title="The Continuum Hypothesis (album)">
The Continuum Hypothesis (album)

The Continuum Hypothesis is the 3rd full-length studio album released by the Melodic death/Black metal band Epoch of Unlight. It is the first to feature new vocalist BJ Cook and new guitarist Josh Braddock.

</doc>
<doc id="19231381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231381" title="Ino-ekimae Station">
Ino-ekimae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231398" title="Ino Station (Tosaden)">
Ino Station (Tosaden)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tosa Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19231445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231445" title="James Clemens, Jr.">
James Clemens, Jr.

James Clemens, Jr. (Danville, Boyle County, Kentucky, October 29, 1791 – St. Louis, Independent City, Missouri, January 12, 1878) was an American businessman, and banker.
Early life.
He was the second son of four children of Jeremiah Clemens (Loudoun County, Virginia, September 16, 1763 – Danville, Boyle County], Kentucky, June 8, 1826), and wife (m. ca 1788) Jane Cochran (1764 – April 7, 1821]). They went to Kentucky, then Kentucky County, Virginia, in 1787, where he operated "The Big Black Horse" tavern in Danville. His older brother Thomas Clemens (February 27, 1790 – July 30, 1826) died unmarried and without issue. His younger sisters were Elizabeth Clemens (1802 – living 1878) married with Charles Caldwell, and Isabella Clemens, married in 1833 with Thomas Reed.
Career.
He started his career engaged in mercantile business with his uncle James Clemens, Sr. in Huntsville, Madison County, Alabama, then in Mississippi Territory. He then moved to Missouri, then part of Missouri Territory, in 1816, where he became a successful storekeeper. Later he became active in banking. He did much to help the family of Mark Twain, of whom he was a relative.
Marriage and children.
He married on January 10, 1833 Elizabeth "Eliza" Brown Mullanphy (1812 – 1853) and had twelve children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19231473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231473" title="Brothers (Ola song)">
Brothers (Ola song)

"Brothers" is the second song released by Swedish singer Ola Svensson. Although the song was promoted as a charity song, it is dedicated partly to Ola's two brothers originally from El Salvador, Jonas and Daniel, who are his elders and were adopted by the Svenssons before Ola was born. The lyrics deal in part with his relationship with his elder brothers with the official music video carrying footage of their childhood together. 
The song was included on his debut album Given to Fly and, following the success of his first single "Rain", managed to peak within the top 5 of the Swedish singles chart debuting at #4 on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19231478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231478" title="Breakfast in Hollywood">
Breakfast in Hollywood

Breakfast in Hollywood was a popular morning radio show created and hosted by Tom Breneman who broadcast from 1941 to 1948 on three different radio networks: NBC, ABC and Mutual. These unscripted shows were spontaneous and involved much audience participation. Breneman's many guests included such stars as Jimmy Durante, Andy Devine and Orson Welles.
Then radio personality Breneman was in Hollywood having lunch in 1940 with friends at Sardi's Restaurant on Hollywood Boulevard when he realized the location's potential for a radio program. He quickly found an audience when he began broadcasting his Breakfast on the Boulevard January 13, 1941, on KFWB Los Angeles. "Breakfast at Sardi's" aired on the Blue Network from August 3, 1942, until February 26, 1943, when the title was changed to avoid confusion with Sardi's in New York.
Breneman's program went through numerous title changes but was best known as "Breakfast in Hollywood" (1948–49). He had numerous sponsors, including Kellogg's cereals, Ivory Flakes, Planters Peanuts, Aunt Jemima Flour, Minute Man Soups and Alpine Coffee. By the mid-1940s, Breneman had ten million listeners. The popularity of the radio program was such that he created his own magazine, and in 1945 he opened his own establishment, Tom Breneman's Restaurant, located on Vine Street off Sunset Boulevard. Organist Korla Pandit was only one of the musical talents who performed at the restaurant.
Film.
In 1945, flushed with success, Breneman promoted the production of a 90-minute feature film, "Breakfast in Hollywood" (1946) starring Breneman, Bonita Granville, Beulah Bondi, Edward Ryan, Raymond Walburn, ZaSu Pitts, Billie Burke and Hedda Hopper, featuring musical numbers by Spike Jones, the Nat King Cole Trio and Andy Russell. Songs included "It Is Better to Be Yourself" by Nat King Cole and "If I Had a Wishing Ring" by Marla Shelton and Louis Alter. The film is available on DVD from Mill Creek Entertainment in the Classic Musicals 50 movie pack. It has played on Turner Classic Movies, which offers this description of the storyline:
At the age of 46, Breneman died April 28, 1948, in Encino, California, and other hosts, including Garry Moore, stepped in as replacements, but without Breneman, the ratings dropped, and the program came to an end in January 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19231492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231492" title="Safe &amp; Sound (Prison Break)">
Safe &amp; Sound (Prison Break)

"Safe & Sound" is the 62nd episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was broadcast on September 22, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.
Plot.
With the Scylla cards copied from Tuxhorn and Tabak, four cardholders remain. Although the resolution on the video taken with Scofield's camera phone is unclear, the FBI agent Donald Self recognizes one of the cardholders. Michael has Agent Self run high-resolution identity searches on the three unknown cardholders, while attempting to copy the next card. At the same time, he orders Sucre and Bellick to canvas Los Angeles for T-Bag, who is somewhere in the city with Whistler's bird book that contains the plan to break into the Company headquarters.
Meanwhile, Sara Tancredi, upon discovering she has lost Bruce Bennett's credit card, realizes she is being followed. She makes a run for it and manages to elude Wyatt, the Company's assassin. 
Agent Self, by making up a story about Al-Qaeda using stolen bearer bonds, manages to barge into the cardholder's office in the Treasury Department. Unfortunately, he discovers that the card is inside the holder's office wall safe, which blocks the copying device and prevents the card from being copied.
After losing Sara, Wyatt visits the imprisoned Gretchen Morgan, whom despite repeated torture and a starvation diet has managed to resist. Wyatt proceeds to slowly suffocate and nauseate Gretchen by putting a tape over her mouth and leaving a bucket of urine and body parts in the room. Later, Gretchen kills her guard by stabbing him in the temple with a screw removed from the chair she was tied to and escapes.
Mahone obtains a picture of Wyatt, who killed his son. He meets with his estranged wife, Pam, who recognizes the photo of Wyatt among others. She makes him promise to hunt down and kill their son's murderer, and gives him a gun.
Sucre and Bellick arrive at GATE, and ask for T-Bag who is masquerading there as Cole Pfeiffer, Whistler's fabricated persona. The receptionist, intending to blackmail T-Bag, lies to the duo. After they leave, T-Bag agrees to pay the receptionist three percent of his commissions.
Scofield has come up with a plan to break into one of the most protected buildings in the world and copy the card. The occupant of the room adjacent to the card holder's is led out of the building by Agent Self, who has arranged a lunch meeting. Sucre and Bellick, disguised as janitors, performs vacuum cleaning outside the room, effectively blocking entry and covering any noise from the room. Scofield and Lincoln break into the room via air vents and drill through both the wall and the back of the safe in the next room. During the break-in, Lincoln discovers Scofield's nosebleed. Scofield brushes it off and asks Lincoln not to tell Sara, but Lincoln seems worried. The two successfully drill through the wall into the safe, when the "General" unexpectedly shows up in the card holder's room. Paranoid after recent events, he demands to see the card, but Michael manages to copy and replace the card and gets the wall back up just before the safe is opened.
Mahone has managed to find the motel where Wyatt is staying. Wyatt, already anticipating this since Sara escaped him, has hired the motel clerk to mislead any would-be followers and alert him immediately. The clerk, as per his orders, lies to Mahone that Wyatt has already checked out. When he calls Wyatt, however, Mahone suddenly appears behind him with a gun. Terrified, the clerk tells Wyatt that nobody has appeared. Mahone then takes Wyatt's number from the clerk.
The high-resolution identity scans have returned. Two of the three cardholders are identified, along with their locations, but the third, the General himself, is a complete ghost — no records of his identity, past, or location exists in the database. Sara, however, recalls hearing Gretchen reporting to a 'General' when she was in Gretchen's captivity. Meanwhile, the General and Wyatt discuss what to do about the escaped Gretchen, when a Company agent alerts them that someone called Agent Self has attempted to identify the general from the database.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode 8.8/10 saying that the episode is "Filled with some fantastic dramatic tension" and that through this episode the season is "finally moving forward with some much required plot advances" which point the show in the right direction.

</doc>
<doc id="19231506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231506" title="Hydroelectricity in Romania">
Hydroelectricity in Romania

Hydroelectricity in Romania is the second most important source of electricity generation in Romania, after the fossil fuels.

</doc>
<doc id="19231514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231514" title="Ironman Sweden">
Ironman Sweden

Ironman Sweden, also known as Ironman Kalmar or the Kalmar Triathlon, is an Ironman triathlon held in Kalmar, Sweden. It is the only iron distance event in Sweden and also serves as the Swedish national championship. 
The distance is the same as other Ironman triathlons races: open water swimming, cycling and a marathon. The start, transition and finish is located in the city of Kalmar.
The swimming has two laps and takes place in the Kalmar Strait, Baltic Sea. The bike course consists of two loops; the first loop goes on Öland and is and the second loop is and travels north through to Rockneby. The running segment is a three-loop course that travels northwards partly along the shore.
In December 2011, World Triathlon Corporation purchased the Kalmar Triathlon and rebranded the event as an Ironman triathlon.

</doc>
<doc id="19231519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231519" title="Accreditation Service for International Colleges">
Accreditation Service for International Colleges

Accreditation Service for International Schools, Colleges and Universities (ASIC) is a private accreditation body based in the United Kingdom. It is one of the accreditation bodies recognized by the UK Border Agency, permitting educational institutions with ASIC accreditation to sponsor Tier 4 immigrants to study in the UK.
ASIC states that its accreditation of international educational establishments "neither confers nor validates degree-awarding powers" and cautions prospective students to confirm that the awards granted by the educational institution have the level of recognition sufficient for their purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="19231520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231520" title="Nesflaten">
Nesflaten

Nesflaten is a village in Suldal municipality, Norway. It is located at the northern end of the Suldalsvatnet lake, west of Roalkvam. It is connected by road to Botnen in Odda.

</doc>
<doc id="19231529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231529" title="Strangler vs. Strangler">
Strangler vs. Strangler

Strangler vs. Strangler () is a 1984 Yugoslav film featuring elements of comedy, thriller and horror genres.
Plot.
In the mid-1980s Belgrade finally gets its first serial killer: an awkward carnations seller named Pera Mitić (Taško Načić). Mitić is an overweight 48-year-old man who is in an Oedipus kind of way connected to his aging mother. His mother often punishes him when he does not sell any of the carnation flowers. His punishments include kneeling on nutshells while being slapped by his mother or being locked in the water tank. This is the reason why he starts killing every girl who refuses to buy his flowers. Mitić's character can be compared to Norman Bates's character and relationship with his mother.
After the first murder, mostly incompetent inspector Ognjen Strahinjić (Nikola Simić) starts the investigation. His attempt to catch the strangler by employing an undercover agent, Rodoljub Jovanović (Branislav Zeremski), ends up tragically. Strahinjić is a loner who lives only with his cat George, who is his best friend. He is a short man, with a thin mustache and is similar to Inspector Clouseau from the Blake Edwards's "The Pink Panther" series. The plot gets even more complicated when a rock star Spiridon Kopicl (Srđan Šaper) obsessed with the strangler records the song "Bejbi, bejbi" ("Baby, Baby"), with his band VIS Simboli, dedicated to the strangler which immediately became nationwide hit.
Mitić, having heard the song, becomes delighted; he even strangled his own mother in order to hear it on the TV. While Mitić's number of victims becomes bigger, Kopicl is focused on Sofija (Sonja Savić) who is a host of a popular musical show on the radio. While attempting to strangle Sofija, Mitić gets on his way and while attacking her gets his ear bitten by Sofija in self-defence. Kopicl gets the credit of a savior and a hero and gets married to Sofija. On their honey moon, in the climax of his obsession, Kopicl strangles Sofija while Mitić, dressed as his mother, is watching the whole thing. Mitić then enters the room and asks for his ear. Kopicl runs to an abandoned building where, after a struggle, hangs Mitić who bit his ear. In the end all of the crimes, including Sofija's death, are credited to the late Mitić. Kopicl, while getting his ear bitten hears a melody on which he composed a symphony inspired with crime and, after the death of his father, gets married to his attractive stepmother.

</doc>
<doc id="19231538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231538" title="Shihezi University">
Shihezi University

Shihezi University is a university in Shihezi, Xinjiang, founded in April 1996 under the integration of some former institutional colleges by the Ministry of Education and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps. It is a national key university. In August 2000, the University was a key University designated by China' s government to be constructed in West China.
Shihezi University is a new comprehensive university, located in Shihezi, the Garden City, located by the river of Manas on the northern foot of the Tianshan Mountains in Xinjiang.In August 2000, the Central Government designated the university as a key institution to develop in northwestern China.Shihezi University was ranked among the key construted university under the “211 project” in Dec 31,2008.
Shihezi University offers ten specialties—Agriculture, Medicine, Engineering, Economics and Trade, Management, Literature and Arts, Sciences, Education, Law, and History. The university has 20 colleges, offering 4 doctorate degrees, 52 masters degrees, 66 bachelors degrees programs, 5 specialties that enroll on-job-teachers for masters degrees, 1 post-doctoral scientific work stations, 2 post-doctoral mobile stations. The university has jointly set up graduate education bases with Peking University and Tianjin University, as well as a program for culture-oriented quality-education for Chinese university students. The university has 11 disciplines of Ministry of Agriculture, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region (XUAR) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps (XPCC), 3 key laboratories co-constructed and supported by the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Science and Technology, and the XPCC, it has 2 key laboratories of XPCC, 2 key bases for art and scientific research and 24 graduate schools and research centers. The university has become one of key scientific research bases of XPCC and XUAR.
The University now has a faculty of 2,607, including 1,527 full-time teachers, 2 specially-engaged academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, 152 professors, 450 associate professors. The university employs more than 10 foreign experts and teachers every year. The students of the university come from 31 provinces and regions. The total enrollment of students numbers 30,032, including 21,989 undergraduates 1,906 postgraduates and 245 international students from eight countries, such as United States, Russia, Pakistan, Kazakhstan, South Korea etc.
The University is equipped with the most up-to-date teaching and scientific research facilities. It has a well-equipped library, a large gymnasium, a multi-functional stadium and modernized teaching buildings. The University covers 1,870, 000 square meters. It has 950,000 square meters of building, and the area of its laboratories is 170,000 square meters .The library has a collection of 2,900,000 Chinese and foreign books and periodicals, and is only one model project in Xinjiang, as university digital libraries in State High-tech Project 863.There is also a book collection spot of UN's Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) in it.
Campus.
The University is equipped with the most up-to-date teaching and scientific research facilities. It has a well-equipped library, a large gymnasium, a multi-functional stadium and modernized teaching buildings. The University covers 1,780, 000 square meters. It has 860,000 square meters of building, and the area of its laboratories is 165,243. The library has a collection of 2,630,000 Chinese and foreign books and periodicals, and is only one model project in Xinjiang, as university digital libraries in State High-tech Project 863-There is also a book collection spot of UN's Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) in it.
Location.
It is located in the Garden City - Shihezi city north of the Tianshan Mountains in Xinjiang.
Faculty.
The University has 2,611 staff. There are 1,560 full-time teachers including a specially-engaged academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, 166 professors, 489 associate professors, 58 experts and scholars receiving outstanding achievement awards at national and provincial level, and 80 distinguished experts and scholars receiving special subsidies from the government.
Students.
The students come from 31 provinces and regions of China. The student population is currently 30,261, including 22,635 undergraduates, 2120 postgraduates for Doctoral Degree and Master Degree. There is also a section of foreign students, M.B.B.S. Foreign students mainly from Russia, Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Kyrgyzstan, India, South Korea etc.
References.
1. http://www.shzu.edu.cn/structure/index.htm
2. http://www.studyinxinjiang.cn/
3. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_211

</doc>
<doc id="19231541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231541" title="Langavatnet (Odda)">
Langavatnet (Odda)

Langavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19231568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231568" title="Mount Raoul Blanchard">
Mount Raoul Blanchard

Mount Raoul Blanchard is the highest peak in the Laurentian Mountains, Quebec, Canada at . It is located in the La Côte-de-Beaupré RCM, north east of Quebec City and north of Saint-Tite-des-Caps in the Réserve faunique des Laurentides.
The peak is named after Raoul Blanchard (1877-1965), a geographer who had significant interest in the French Alps and the mountains of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19231569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231569" title="Pucker Up Stakes">
Pucker Up Stakes

The Pucker Up Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race for 3-year-old fillies held annually in early September at Arlington Park race track near Chicago, Illinois. A Grade III event, it is contested over a distance of 9 furlongs (1 1/8 miles) on turf.
The race was named in honor of Ada L. Rice's filly, Pucker Up. Pucker Up was one of five champions trained by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer James P. Conway.

</doc>
<doc id="19231571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231571" title="Igor Vidmar">
Igor Vidmar

Igor Vidmar (born December 10, 1950) is a prominent Slovenian and former Yugoslav journalist, rock music promoter and manager, music producer and political activist.
Biography.
Vidmar was born in Ljubljana, former Yugoslavia, but spent most of his childhood in Nova Gorica, where he attended the Nova Gorica Grammar School.
As an important personality in the Slovenian and Yugoslav rock scene, Vidmar worked with many artists, most of them having a cult status in the underground music scene, esspecially the punk rock of Slovenia and the former SFR Yugoslavia, such as the Yugoslav Punk pioneers Pankrti and Paraf, the internationally acclaimed Laibach and many others. The tracks for the famous Yugoslav compilation album "Novi Punk Val" were compiled by him. He also worked in the only independent student radio existing in a communist country- Radio Student Ljubljana. As a concert organizer, he established the important "Novi Rock" festival, and brought numerous eminent international acts to Slovenia and/or Yugoslavia, including: 23 Skidoo, Amebix, Angelic Upstarts, Anti-Nowhere League, Christian Death, DOA, Dinosaur Jr., Discharge, Dubliners, Einstürzende Neubauten, The Fall, GBH, Henry Rollins, Iggy Pop, Jane's Addiction, The Jesus & Mary Chain, Killing Joke, The Mission, Nick Cave, Pere Ubu, Pixies, Ramones, Siouxsie and the Banshees, The Sisters of Mercy, Sonic Youth, UK Subs, Youth Brigade, Swans and others. He was also active in the famous ŠKUC Art Gallery.
His behaviour and his journalistic or artistic works, which were often too avant-garde and politically incorrect for the time (intentionally or unintentionally) provoked reactions from the communist regime of the then-Socialist Republic of Slovenia and SFR Yugoslavia: he lost his membership in the ruling political party- the League of Communists of Slovenia, faced prosecution and even served short prison terms few times. He also criticized the Western imperialism as well. In 1983 he was arrested for wearing the Dead Kennedys "Nazi Punks Fuck Off!" badge with a crossed out swastika which was mistaken as a pro-nazi symbol.[http://www.hartford-hwp.com/archives/62/066.html] Namely, at that time the Communist authorities were obsessed witch hunting nazi punks, whom Vidmar never belonged to. In the next year, as a retaliation, he "tested" the authorities' and citizens' nerves by playing "Deutschland über alles" on the air in his radio show (a version performed by Nico). Although it is not a fascist song, the authorities and some of the listeners saw hidden allusions in his action and reacted. Soon he was on court again with an explanation that he wanted to test the "national defense preparement" and the reaction of the people against an eventual fascist provocation.
In the late 1980s, as the fall of Communism and the subsequent breakup of Yugoslavia were approaching, he supported the Slovenian opposition, human rights and pro-independence movements.
In a press interview regarding his work as a musical promoter published in the post-communist and post-Yugoslav period, despite the problems he once had with the previous system, Vidmar was quoted saying: "It is an irony that it is harder to work now in this liberal democracy, than in the final 10 years of SFRY's communism".[http://arhiva.glas-javnosti.rs/arhiva/2001/06/24/srpski/K01062310.shtml] The system of the non-aligned SFR Yugoslavia was not so rigid as the other communist states, such as those in the Eastern Bloc for instance, so most of the time the Yugoslav rock scene was left alone to work freely. For example, in 1982, Vidmar organized a concert in support of the independent Polish trade union Solidarity; he also worked with the highly provocative act Laibach, a member of the Neue Slowenische Kunst collective which used totalitarian Nazi art and Socialist Realism for artistic reasons as camp or for stirring controversy etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19231581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231581" title="Miguel Llera">
Miguel Llera

Miguel Ángel Llera Garzón (born 7 August 1979) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sheffield Wednesday in England, as a central defender.
Football career.
Spain.
Llera was born in Castilleja de la Cuesta, Province of Seville. After unsuccessfully emerging through local Recreativo de Huelva's youth ranks, he represented several modest sides until 2005–06, when he contributed with 27 games (scoring three times) to Gimnàstic de Tarragona's return to the top division after a 56-year absence; however, midway through the following campaign, he was released from contract, after appearing in 12 matches (all starts) for the Catalans and scoring in defeats against Real Sociedad (2–3, away) and Getafe CF (1–3, home) as "Nàstic" was eventually immediately relegated back.
In 2007–08 Llera continued in the second level, but also failed to impress at Hércules CF, playing in only 11 games out of 42.
England.
Subsequently Llera took his game to England, joining League One side Milton Keynes Dons in September 2008. He scored twice during his spell with the Dons, against Carlisle United and Brighton & Hove Albion.
After a successful season, with a third-place finish straight out of Football League Two, albeit without eventual promotion, Llera moved to Charlton Athletic on 2 July 2009, after turning down a new contract offer – he became the first Spanish footballer to play for the club. He quickly established himself as a fans' favourite after just four games, scoring on his debut against Wycombe Wanderers but also picking up a head injury which led him to wear a helmet for the next few games, similar to that of Chelsea's Petr Čech; he scored his first goal for the Addicks on 22 August 2009, in a 2–0 home win against Walsall.
After leaving Charlton at the end of the 2010–11 season, Llera spent some time training with Blackpool and joined them on trial, making his debut against Rangers on 19 July 2011. On 2 August he scored from a free-kick against Lancaster City, in a 1–3 defeat, and, two days later, he signed a one-year contract with the option of a further year.
On 7 September 2011, Llera signed for Brentford on a three-month loan deal. On 22 November he moved to Sheffield Wednesday, in a loan agreement lasting until January 2012.
On 10 January 2012, Llera was signed on a permanent deal by Wednesday, having been released by Blackpool. On 11 February, in a game against Exeter City, he suffered a head injury in an eventual 1–2 away loss, going on to miss approximately one month of action.

</doc>
<doc id="19231590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231590" title="George Marks">
George Marks

William George Marks (9 April 1915 - 22 January 1998) was an English association football player, who played as a goalkeeper.
Born in Figheldean, Wiltshire, Marks started his career at local club Salisbury Corinthians before joining Arsenal as an amateur in March 1936; he turned professional two months later. Marks spent two years on loan at Arsenal's nursery club Margate before returning in May 1938. He played twice for Arsenal before the outbreak of war, but served mainly as understudy to George Swindin and Alex Wilson; however he did play the final two games of the 1938-39 season, his debut coming against Derby County on April 29, 1939. His second and final league appearance in goal for Arsenal was memorable, as it was their 2-0 win over Brentford at Highbury, a match recorded on film for the movie "The Arsenal Stadium Mystery".
Official football was suspended during the war; Marks served in the Royal Air Force in Northern Ireland, but still found time to play 129 wartime matches for Arsenal and win one Football League War Cup and two Football League South medals, as well as eight wartime caps for England. Once war was over and football resumed, Marks was deemed too old for Arsenal and sold for £5,000 in August 1946 to Blackburn Rovers - at the time a record fee for a keeper. Despite spending ten years with the club, thanks to the war Marks had only two official League appearances to his name.
He spent two seasons with Rovers, his career there punctuated by a period out with a jaw injury. He moved to Bristol City in August 1948, but stayed only two months before signing for Reading. There he spent five years before retiring as a player. He went on to be a coach with Reading for two years before quitting the game entirely, and becoming a local government officer in his native Wiltshire. He died in 1998, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="19231595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231595" title="Maximilian von Versen">
Maximilian von Versen

Maximilian Felix Christoph Wilhelm Leopold Reinhold Albert Fürchtegott von Versen (Wurchow, November 30, 1833 – Berlin, October 7, 1893) was a German Military and Nobleman, son of Johann Georg Leopold von Versen and first wife Hulda Wilhelmine Luise Henriette Leopoldine Ottilie von Glasenapp.
Career.
He was a General of Cavalry, Helper at the Orders of the King of Prussia and Commander-General of the III Army Corpss.
Marriage and children.
He married in Wiesbaden on May 16, 1871 Alice Bryan Clemens (St. Louis, Independent City, Missouri, May 12, 1850 – Burzlaff, August 19, 1912, Lady of Burzlaff and Mandelatz, daughter of James Clemens, Jr. and wife Elizabeth "Eliza" Brown Mullanphy, and had issue, among whom a daughter Hulda Elisabeth Anna von Versen (Merseburg, March 18, 1872 – West Berlin, May 4, 1954), married in Berlin on September 9, 1893 with Georg Gustav von Arnim.

</doc>
<doc id="19231608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231608" title="Canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

These are the results of the women's K-1 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 1956 Summer Olympics. The K-1 event is raced by single-person canoe sprint kayaks. Heat and finals took place on December 1.
Heats.
The ten competitors first raced in three heats. The top four finishers in each heat moved directly to the final.
Final.
Dementyeva false-started once, then won the event by two meters after spurting to the lead after the start. Fifth-place finisher Cochrane never trained with or competed against women prior to the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19231614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231614" title="Prince Albrecht of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Prince Albrecht of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Prince Albrecht of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (15 March 1863, Kiel, Duchy of Schleswig – 23 April 1948, Glücksburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany) was the fifth and youngest child of Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and his wife Princess Adelheid of Schaumburg-Lippe and was a nephew of Christian IX of Denmark. Albrecht was the grandfather of Ernst August V, Prince of Hanover through his daughter Princess Ortrud of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg who through her marriage to Ernst August IV, Prince of Hanover was the matriarch of the current Hanoverian Royal Family.
Albrecht was recognized by a family compact of 1904 as possessing rights of succession to the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg in the event of the extinction of the reigning Grand Ducal line.
Marriage and issue.
Albrecht married first to Countess Ortrud of Ysenburg und Büdingen (1879-1918), daughter of Count Karl of Ysenburg (1819-1900) und Büdingen and his wife Countess Agnes of Ysenburg und Büdingen (died 1843), on 14 October 1906 at Meerholz, Germany. Albrecht and Ortrud had four children:
After Ortrud's death, Albrecht married, secondly, Princess Hertha of Ysenburg und Büdingen, daughter of Bruno, 3rd Prince of Ysenburg and Büdingen and Countess Bertha of Castell-Rüdenhausen, on 19 September 1920 at Büdingen, Hesse, Germany. Albrecht and Hertha had one daughter, named for his previous wife:

</doc>
<doc id="19231624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231624" title="WorldView-2">
WorldView-2

WorldView-2 is a commercial Earth observation satellite owned by DigitalGlobe. WorldView-2 provides commercially available panchromatic imagery of .46 m resolution, and eight-band multispectral imagery with resolution. 
It was launched October 8, 2009 to become DigitalGlobe's third satellite in orbit, joining WorldView-1 which was launched in 2007 and QuickBird which was launched in 2001.
Design and construction.
Ball Aerospace built the spacecraft, which includes an optical telescope that can image objects in diameter.
Launch.
WorldView-2 was launched October 8, 2009 from Vandenberg Air Force Base on a Delta II flying in the 7920 configuration. The launch vehicle was provided by the United Launch Alliance and launch services were administered by Boeing.
Use.
DigitalGlobe expects commercial imagery will be available about 90 days after launch.

</doc>
<doc id="19231627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231627" title="Markward">
Markward

Markward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19231636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231636" title="Paul S. Walsh">
Paul S. Walsh

Paul Steven Walsh (born 15 May 1955) is an English businessman. He was the chief executive of Diageo, the world's largest spirits group, which owns brands such as Johnnie Walker, Baileys and Smirnoff, for twelve years between 2000 and 2013.
Walsh was criticised in the press for what was seen as his excessive remuneration, but received admiration for his ability to build brands. He spent the majority of his career at Diageo and its precursor Grand Metropolitan. His most notable decision was the acquisition of the Seagram drinks company, which added Captain Morgan rum and Crown Royal Canadian whisky to the company's roster of brands.
Walsh's tenure in charge of Diageo closely mirrored his behaviour as head of the Pillsbury food business: selling off non-essential assets such as Burger King and aggressively marketing a select number of "core" brands. He was disciplined regarding prices paid for the acquisition of assets. Towards the end of his Diageo career, he increased the company's exposure to developing markets such as India and China.
From February 2014 Walsh is set to become the non-executive chairman of Compass Group, the world's largest catering company. His role as an advisor to Diageo will end in September 2014.
Early life.
Walsh was born in Middleton, and raised in the former mill town of Chadderton, Lancashire, in the North West of England. The only child of Arthur and Anne Walsh, his father was a pipe fitter who later ran a small thermal engineering company, and his mother was a housewife. Walsh claims to have inherited his work ethic from his father, his organisational skills from his mother, and his confidence from both parents, who he has described as "strict" but "loving". His great grandfather emigrated from Ireland, hence he bears the common Irish surname of Walsh.
Walsh was educated at his local comprehensive, the Royton and Crompton School, followed by Oldham College. He initially aspired to become a fighter pilot after becoming influenced by his "hero", a mathematics teacher who had been in the Royal Air Force during World War II. Walsh gained his pilot license, but failed the medical examination to fly fighter jets due to colour blindness.
Instead, Walsh took a sandwich degree in accounting and economics at Manchester Polytechnic in 1973, with a work placement at the Co-operative Group's soft drinks operation. He did not enjoy accounting, but reasoned that the skill would provide a good gateway into business.< He moved to London to work for International Computers Limited, and later the American Eaton Corporation, a manufacturer of industrial equipment, which he says he learnt a "can-do attitude".
Career.
Grand Metropolitan.
Walsh joined London-based property and brewing conglomerate Grand Metropolitan (Grand Met) in 1982 as a financial planner and account manager for their brewing division Watney, Mann & Truman. By 1984–5, at his request, he had moved into a sales and marketing role. In 1986 he became the brewing division's chief financial officer (CFO), where he came to the attention of Grand Met's chairman Allen Sheppard after he reformed the financial reporting system. In 1987, Walsh moved to New York to become CFO of Grand Met's 100 property-strong Intercontinental Hotels division. There he was tasked with acquiring properties, but having arrived at the height of what he identified as a real estate bubble, he argued that, "at that price we should be selling, not buying". In 1988, he helped to negotiate the sale of the chain for $2.3 billion in cash (a price to earnings ratio of 52) to the Saison Group, in what he later described as "the deal of the decade". Even before the bubble burst, it was suggested that the Japanese company was overpaying for the chain; one analyst described their valuation of Intercontinental as "off the chart". Saison sold the chain in 1998 for $2.8 billion, having added a further 87 hotels.
Following the divestment, Walsh joined Grand Met's US-headquartered food division as CFO. In 1989, Grand Met used the proceeds from the Intercontinental sale to initiate a hostile takeover of Pillsbury, owner of the Green Giant and Häagen-Dazs brands, for $5.7 billion. The Grand Met offer was held by analysts to be a generous one for a struggling company that was under-performing in its industry. Walsh subsequently admitted to overvaluing the Green Giant vegetables division. Grand Met was attempting to diversify, and was attracted to Pillsbury's brands, which they believed held under-exploited potential for international growth. Writing in "Businessweek", Mark Maremont accused Pillsbury of being "lax" in exploiting Häagen-Dazs' potential overseas. Walsh said: We thought Pillsbury had powerful brands, but it had kind of lost its way. We felt we could leverage its brands and its technologies. They had under-resourced their R&D and done a number of things to make the number, make the number. Cost reduction is a way of life, but you have to be responsible about it. You have to protect the seed today because that will be the tree that bears fruit in the future. I don't think Pillsbury had done that.
In January 1992 Walsh was made chief executive of Pillsbury, in addition to his job as CFO of the Grand Met food division. He identified the various divisions of Pillsbury as poorly integrated and reined in their independence to make them more accountable to head office. He also invested heavily in research and development, technology, IT systems and marketing. A boosted marketing budget helped to grow Häagen-Dazs from a well known US brand to a product with global reach, and one of the best known names in luxury ice cream.
Concentrating the company on consumer food, in 1994 he sold the Alpo pet food business to Nestlé for $510 million in cash. In February 1995 he participated in Grand Met's friendly takeover of Pet, Inc., the makers of Old El Paso branded Tex-Mex foods, for $2.6 billion. A number of analysts feared at the time that Grand Met had overpaid for the company, and was taking on too much debt, but Walsh defended the acquisition, arguing, "we are paying a fair price for attractive brands", adding that he had faith in the continued growth of the Tex-Mex food sector. In October 1995 he joined the Grand Met board of directors and assumed additional responsibility for Grand Met's Paris-based European food operations. In 1996 he was made chairman and president of Pillsbury. "Investors Chronicle" described Pillsbury as "well managed" under his leadership. Walsh was credited with re-energising the company, and operating profits grew from $250 million to $660 million between 1992 and 1996.
Diageo.
In 1997, Grand Met merged with Guinness, a major drinks concern, and the new company was named Diageo. In 1999 Walsh returned to England, and was elected chief operating officer of Diageo in January 2000, and CEO in September 2000. He took over a company that had stagnated since its merger three years earlier, and that "The Economist" deemed "mediocre". As head of Diageo he transformed the consumer goods company into a streamlined premium drinks business. Walsh said:"While Diageo had positions in drinks, that leadership was marginal – capital was not limitless. My view, supported by colleagues on the board, was that we should focus on where we can be a global leader. We couldn't aspire to that in food – that slot was taken by the Unilevers and Nestlés and Krafts of this world – but we could command that position in premium drinks."
Walsh identified drinks as the central Diageo business, and began selling off assets that did not fit this model. He sold Pillsbury to General Mills in 2001 for $10.1 billion, and Burger King to the private equity firm Texas Pacific Group in 2002 for $1.5 billion. He suggested that he would have liked to have sold Burger King earlier, but was worried about Diageo's capacity to handle both transactions simultaneously. In a strategy to bolster Diageo's drinks sales, in 2001 he acquired the Seagram drinks business from Vivendi Universal in conjunction with Pernod Ricard for $8.2 billion, an action that was later credited with refocusing and re-energising Diageo. At the time, analysts suggested that Walsh had overpaid, and that Pernod Ricard had gained control of the better brands. Despite having entered into an alliance with Pernod in order to avoid regulatory issues, Diageo was still forced to divest the Malibu Rum brand after acquiring Captain Morgan. Walsh defended the deal on the basis of efficiency savings and the fact that the deal was almost entirely financed by the sale of Pillsbury. Of the acquisition he says:We moved in on that Seagram deal and forced their hand very quickly while our competitors were still trying to get their act together. If you look at what we paid it will go down in history as the bargain of the century. It was an $8.1bn total price of which our part was about $5.6bn and it was at economic profit break even at the end of year two. It’s produced phenomenal returns. If you look at Pernod’s Allied Domecq acquisition, it is 30 per cent higher in multiple terms and you’re not getting as good a collection of brands.
The Seagram deal cemented Diageo's decision to focus on drinks, and strengthened its leadership position in the key US market by adding Captain Morgan rum and Crown Royal Canadian whisky to the company's portfolio of products.
Meanwhile, inspired by the success of Smirnoff Ice, Walsh invested heavily in ready to drink products, termed "alcopops" by the British press. However, with the exception of Smirnoff Ice, none of the new products developed by Diageo was able to establish itself in the marketplace, and the alcopop trend was quickly dubbed a "fad" by the media. Some of these failures proved costly: Captain Morgan Gold lost £24 million for the company in 2002.
In 2005 Diageo acquired the Bushmills Irish whiskey brand and distillery from Pernod Ricard for €295 million. In 2008 Diageo acquired a 50 per cent stake in the Ketel One brand for US$900 million.
In 2011, Walsh threatened to move Diageo's headquarters away from the United Kingdom, following the introduction of a 50 per cent income tax rate for high earners. He said: "I believe the 50 per cent tax rate will lead to the long-term damage of this nation’s competitive edge." In April 2012, the "Daily Mail" accused him of personal income tax avoidance. Later that same year, Walsh criticised the Cameron government again, suggesting that the London Olympics ought to have been followed up with greater infrastructure spending to tackle unemployment.
In May 2013, Walsh announced that he would be stepping down as the chief of Diageo in September, but would stay with the company as an advisor until June 2014 to aid the transition process.
Reception and appraisal.
Walsh has repeatedly spoken of the need for companies to genuinely be socially responsible.
Under Walsh's management, Diageo has been careful to "manage for value", and to avoid overpaying for assets. According to Nick Goodway of "The Independent", Walsh "has been canny in allowing others to bid for the really big rivals and then pick up the brands that fall out of those deals cheaply". Walsh has been criticised for his decision to exit the Indian spirits market in 2002 by disposing of "Gilbey's Green Label", a strategy which he reversed in 2012 with the acquisition of a stake in United Spirits. David Wighton commented in "The Times" that Diageo's acquisition of United Spirits had seen the company's owner, Vijay Mallya, "utterly outmanoeuvred by a canny rival prepared to play the long game."
William Hopper, a former director of merchant bank Morgan Grenfell, described Walsh as a "bean counter", and criticised the size of his salary. In 2012, one leading Diageo shareholder said, "We have a very, very positive view of this company and Paul Walsh as well. We do not have a problem with pay."
Other responsibilities.
In addition to his responsibilities at Diageo, Walsh has been a non-executive director at FedEx Corporation since 1996, at Unilever since 2009, and at Avanti Communications since 2012. From 1991 - 2007 he was a non-executive director of Control Data Corporation and its successor company Ceridian. He sat on the board of General Mills from 2000 until 2004, stepping down after Diageo reduced its stake in the company. He was a non-executive director of the energy company Centrica from March 2003 until May 2009. He is former chairman of the governors at Henley Management College. He became a council member of the Scotch Whisky Association in 2001 and served as its chairman from 2008 until 2011. During 2012 he was a member of David Cameron's Business Advisory Group. In August 2013, Walsh joined the United Spirits board.
Personal life.
Walsh was described by Philippe Naughton in "The Times" as "tall, paunchy, balding and thickset... a burly confidence that exudes from every pore...a bluff Mancunian whose blokeish humour masks a fiercely competitive nature". Walsh claims to lead a "relatively modest" life that is dominated by work. At Diageo, he spent around half of his time in various foreign countries, totalling over 5 million air miles.
Walsh met Manchester-born Nicolette (Nikki) in London in 1978 when she was a Laker Airways flight attendant. They married in 1980 and have a son, Dean Paul Walsh . Due to Paul's work, in 1987 they moved to the United States, first New York, followed by Orono, Minnesota from 1990. The couple returned to the United Kingdom in 1999. They separated in 2006, and she received a divorce settlement of around £15 million, which ranks among the largest payouts in British history. In October 2012 it was reported that Walsh was engaged to marry his longterm girlfriend Julie Lewis, a public relations executive, and they married in May 2013.
Walsh is one of the highest-paid businessmen in Britain, earning £11.2 million between June 2011 and June 2012 from his work at Diageo. He lives in a farmhouse with at Billingshurst, near Horsham in West Sussex, and also maintains a penthouse apartment near Chelsea Bridge in London where he lives on weekdays. He holds a minority stake in a game ranch in South Africa, where he enjoys big game hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="19231641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231641" title="The Leonardo (Salt Lake City)">
The Leonardo (Salt Lake City)

The Leonardo is an art, science, and technology museum in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. It is housed in the former site of the main branch of the Salt Lake City Public Library, and in 1994 was the site of a hostage-taking. The museum opened on October 8, 2011.
The mission of the Leonardo Museum (named after the artist and scientist Leonardo da Vinci) is to fuse science, technology and art in experiences that inspire creativity and innovation in young people and adults. This program is aimed to attract those individuals, families and businesses who can help to create and build on Utah’s and the city’s brand as an innovation economy.
The Leonardo hosted the Body Worlds 3 exhibition from September 19, 2008 through January 11, 2009.
The museum is run by the board of directors and a small staff with the help of a large group of local resident volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="19231663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231663" title="Karaan">
Karaan

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, Karaan is a vile god of savage lust and wanton destruction, representing the dark side of nature. His symbols are gnawed, broken bones and bloody teeth.
Publication history.
Karaan was mentioned in third edition in "Book of Vile Darkness" (2002).
Description.
Karaan manifests as a hulking humanoid covered in fur, sporting sharp teeth and claws. While certainly bestial and carnivorous, he cannot be said to resemble a specific type of carnivore such as a canine or feline. Rather, he encompasses all such beings.
The "Book of Vile Darkness" says the deities described in that book are "fairly minor," in comparison to Erythnul (an intermediate god) and Vecna (a very recently ascended lesser god). Because their counterparts in the "Book of Exalted Deeds" are explicitly of demigod level, it seems likely that Karaan is as well.
Relationships.
Karaan is the enemy of gods of neutral and positive sides of nature such as Obad-Hai and Ehlonna. He is often revered in conjunction with Erythnul, although Karaan's cults are much more obscure. A few believe that Karaan is related in some way to Yeenoghu.
Worshipers.
Karaan is the patron of lycanthropes and other bestial creatures such as bugbears, gnolls, worgs, manticores, and some sphinxes.
Clergy.
Clerics of Karaan are savage and depraved. They despise civilization and revel in acts of destruction. They particularly seek to destroy crafted items, for anything not found in nature is alien to them. They wear furs, hides, and other natural armors, or nothing at all. Many decorate their bodies with scars and file their teeth into points. They do not groom their hair, and often their speech is reduced to screams and savage grunts. Their favored weapon is the greatclub, although naked claws and teeth are just as favored.
Temples.
Temples of Karaan are places of natural power, such as secluded glens, rocky outcroppings, and deep pits in the wilderness, filled with gnawed bones and the corpses of sacrificial victims and fallen enemies.

</doc>
<doc id="19231706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231706" title="Social teachings of the papacy">
Social teachings of the papacy

Social Teachings of the Popes involves the teachings of the Popes on social issues, starting with the encyclical "Rerum Novarum" of Pope Leo XIII in 1891.
Teachings.
The Industrial Revolution brought many concerns about the deteriorating working and living conditions of urban workers. Influenced by the German Bishop Wilhelm Emmanuel Freiherr von Ketteler, in 1891 Pope Leo XIII published the encyclical "Rerum Novarum", which set in context Catholic social teaching in terms that rejected socialism but advocated the regulation of working conditions. "Rerum Novarum" argued for the establishment of a living wage and the right of workers to form trade unions.
"Quadragesimo Anno" was issued by Pope Pius XI, on 15 May 1931, 40 years after "Rerum Novarum". Unlike Leo XIII, who addressed mainly the condition of workers, Pius XI concentrated on the ethical implications of the social and economic order. He called for the reconstruction of the social order based on the principle of solidarity and subsidiarity. He noted major dangers for human freedom and dignity, arising from unrestrained capitalism and totalitarian communism. 
The social teachings of Pope Pius XII repeat these teachings, and apply them in greater detail not only to workers and owners of capital, but also to other professions such as politicians, educators, housewives, farmers, bookkeepers, international organizations, and all aspects of life including the military. Going beyond Pius XI, he also defined social teachings in the areas of medicine, psychology, sport, TV, science, law and education. There is virtually no social issue which Pius XII did not address and relate to the Christian faith. He was called "the Pope of Technology" for his willingness and ability to examine the social implications of technological advances. The dominant concern was the continued rights and dignity of the individual. With the beginning of the space age at the end of his pontificate, Pius XII explored the social implications of space exploration and satellites on the social fabric of humanity, asking for a new sense of community and solidarity in light of existing papal teachings on subsidiarity.

</doc>
<doc id="19231707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231707" title="Ñorquincó">
Ñorquincó

Ñorquincó is a city in Ñorquincó Department, in southwest Río Negro Province, Argentina.
With a population of 444, it had a decline of 12.7% after the 509 in the previous census.
The name comes from the Mapudungun language, meaning "Water Plant", due to a common plant of the area, called "ñorquin".
The town was founded on 16 November 1901 as Department Seat of the department of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19231712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231712" title="Mario Civera">
Mario Civera

Mario J. Civera, Jr. is an American politician from Pennsylvania. A Republican, he is currently serving as a member of the Delaware County Council. Civera previously represented the 164th District in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1980 to 2010.
Career.
Prior to his election to the House, Civera served on the Upper Darby Board of Commissioners. While serving on the Upper Darby Township Council, he was also chairman of the Public Safety Committee. 
On March 11, 1980, Civera won election to the House in a special election to replace Frank Lynch, who had resigned in January 1980. He has won re-election to each succeeding session of the House.
Civera did not run for reelection in 2010.
Dual office controversy.
In November 2009, Civera was elected to the Delaware County Council and was sworn into office on January 4, 2010. However, controversy arose when Civera would not resign from his state House seat and thus is holding both offices. During his county council campaign, Civera said he would step down from the House, but after the election said he had no plans to leave, saying he wanted to stay in Harrisburg to complete work on a table games bill needed to finalize the 2009 budget and tie up some other loose ends. He also pointed out that he had never given a definitive date for his resignation. Democrats would like Civera to resign by March so a special election could take place in the May primary at the same time a competitive primary race for a state Senate seat is expected to drive up Democratic voter turnout, hence Civera's assertion that Democrats "want to steal the election." Governor Ed Rendell asked Civera to stay to work on the 2010 budget, but has now said he believes Civera should resign, saying, "I thought that Mario Civera might be helpful in this year's budget process, but given his votes on table games where he voted against filling a $250 million hole in the budget, it's pretty apparent that there are other things at play rather than his desire to help the budget, so I think he should just resign, go do the job he was elected to do here locally and then let the speaker of the House, as is his legal power, set the special election."
Personal.
Civera lives with his wife in Delaware County. He has one son, three stepsons, and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19231716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231716" title="1997 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles">
1997 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles

Pete Sampras was the defending champion, and won in the final 6–3, 6–2, 6–2, against Yevgeny Kafelnikov.
Seeds.
<ol start="6">
<li> Carlos Moyá "(Semifinals)
<li> Yevgeny Kafelnikov "(Final)
<li> Sergi Bruguera "(Round Robin, withdrew due to a lower back injury)
<li> Thomas Muster "(Round Robin)
<li> Tim Henman "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
White Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19231737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231737" title="Yuan Keding">
Yuan Keding

Yuán Kèdìng (Chinese: 袁克定; 1878–1958), courtesy name Yuntai (云台) was the eldest son of Yuan Shikai. His mother was Yuan's original wife, Yu (于氏), and Yuan Kewen was his younger brother.
In his childhood, Yuan followed his father to many places when he served in various positions in Qing Dynasty. He studied in Germany and spoke fluent German and English. At the end of the Qing Dynasty, he served as a low-rank official in the government. After the Xinhai Revolution, under the instruction of his father, Yuan became a close friend of Wang Jingwei. According to the "History of Xinhai Revolution", Yuan and Wang swore to be "brothers of different surnames" in front of Yuan Shikai.
After the death of his father, Yuan lived reclusively in the German concession in Tianjin. In 1935, he moved to Baochao Lane (宝钞胡同) in Beijing. In 1937, he again relocated to Qinghuaxuan Villa in the Summer Palace. During the Sino-Japanese War, Yuan refused to cooperate with the Japanese army and his life became impoverished.
In 1948, due to poverty, Yuan turned to his cousin, Zhang Boju (张伯驹), and moved into Tsinghua Garden at Tsinghua University. Thanks to the help of Zhang Shizhao, after 1949, Yuan became a fellow of the Central Research Institute of Culture and History, and thus had a steady income. He died in 1958 of illness.
Yuan had three children. His son, Yuan Jiarong (袁家融 1904—1996), studied in the United States and majored in geology at Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="19231741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231741" title="1997 ATP Tour World Championships – Doubles">
1997 ATP Tour World Championships – Doubles

Mark Woodforde and Todd Woodbridge were the defending champions, but lost in the round robin.
Rick Leach and Jonathan Stark won in the final 6–3, 6–4, 7–6(7–3), against Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes.
Seeds.
<ol start="6">
<li> Sébastien Lareau / Alex O'Brien "(Semifinals)
<li> Mark Knowles / Daniel Nestor "(Round Robin, withdrew due to a rib injury for Knowles)
<li> Donald Johnson / Francisco Montana "(Round Robin)
<li> Trevor Kronemann / David Macpherson "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Green Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Yellow Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19231765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231765" title="Soothing Music for Stray Cats">
Soothing Music for Stray Cats

Soothing Music For Stray Cats is the debut solo album by the Liverpudlian musician, songwriter and singer, Edgar "Jones" Jones. It was released on 9 May 2005 on The Viper Label. It combined a number of musical styles including jazz, rock and roll, doo-wop, soul, R&B and funk, across the instrumentals and songs that comprise the album.
All tracks were written by Jones, except "It's My Bass" which was written by The Isley Brothers. The song "Freedom" contained an interpolation of "Moonlight Serenade" by Glenn Miller and lyrics by Charles Mingus, and "Tenderly" contained an interpolation of "Blue Monk" by Thelonious Monk.
Noel Gallagher of Oasis said of the album ""It bent my head, man. It's probably one of the best records I have ever heard"." 
"Soothing Music for Stray Cats" was also the inspiration behind the title for the novel by British author Jayne Joso.
Japanese release.
The Japanese edition of "Soothing Music For Stray Cats", issued on 6 January 2006 on the 'Wind Bell' label (catalogue #WB5), has different artwork to the UK release and contained additional bonus live tracks:
Personnel.
In addition to Jones, the following individuals are credited in the album sleevenotes:
All other guitars, percussion, basses, backing vocals and lead vocals by Jones

</doc>
<doc id="19231782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231782" title="Meri Bassai">
Meri Bassai

Meri Bassai () is a Nepali sitcom television series that began in 2006. Sitaram Kattel is the script writer, co-director and one of the major actors.
Characters.
Magne Budho (; variously Magne Buda or Maghne Budha) is played by Kedar Ghimire.
Buda is characterized by his bad attitude and his habit of borrowing things from his neighbors. Buda likes to say "Aaile latela dyera bariko patoma puryai dinchu ani". One of his teeth is damaged, which gives him an accent.

</doc>
<doc id="19231785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231785" title="One for Sorrow (nursery rhyme)">
One for Sorrow (nursery rhyme)

"One for Sorrow" is a traditional children's nursery rhyme about magpies. According to an old superstition, the number of magpies one sees determines if one will have bad luck or not. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 20096. 
Lyrics.
There is considerable variation in the lyrics used. The following is perhaps the most common modern version:
Origins.
The rhyme has its origins in superstitions connected with magpies, considered a bird of ill omen in some cultures, and in Britain, at least as far back as the early sixteenth century. The rhyme was first recorded around 1780 in a note in John Brand's "Observations on Popular Antiquitites" on Lincolnshire with the lyric:
One of the earliest versions to extend this was published, with variations, in M. A. Denham's "Proverbs and Popular Saying of the Seasons" (London, 1846):
On occasion, jackdaws, crows, and other Corvidae are associated with the rhyme, particularly in America where magpies are less common.
In popular culture.
A version of the rhyme became familiar to many UK children in the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s when it became the theme tune of an ITV childrens' TV show called "Magpie".

</doc>
<doc id="19231786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231786" title="Ñorquincó Department">
Ñorquincó Department

Ñorquincóis a department in Río Negro Province, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19231801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231801" title="David S. Reynolds">
David S. Reynolds

David S. Reynolds (born 1948) is an American literary critic, biographer, and historian noted for his writings on American literature and culture. He is the author or editor of fifteen books, and an expert on the Civil War era—including figures such as Walt Whitman, Abraham Lincoln, Herman Melville, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Edgar Allan Poe, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry David Thoreau, Emily Dickinson, Harriet Beecher Stowe, George Lippard, and John Brown—Reynolds is also a regular commentator on the current political and cultural scene. His articles and op eds have appeared in "The New York Times", "The Daily News" (New York), the "Hartford Courant", "The Daily Beast", "The Huffington Post", and "Salon". Reynolds has lectured widely and has been interviewed on radio or TV more than eighty times. He is the only author known to have won both the Bancroft Prize, in American history, and the Christian Gauss Award, in literary criticism. His other honors include the Ambassador Book Award, the Gustavus Myers Book Award, and finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award. He is a regular reviewer for the "New York Times Book Review".
Early life and education.
David Spencer Reynolds, the son of Paul R. and Adelaide K. Reynolds, was born in Providence, Rhode Island on August 30, 1948, and was raised in nearby Barrington, located near Narragansett Bay. He lived there for over a decade in a home attached to the old Nayatt Point Lighthouse. He attended the Moses Brown School and the Providence Country Day School before moving on to Amherst College, where he received a B. A. in 1970. 
After teaching high school English at the Providence Country Day School for a year, he pursued his graduate studies in American literature and American Studies at the University of California, Berkeley, where he was awarded his Ph.D. in 1979.
Teaching career.
Reynolds has taught American literature and American Studies at Northwestern University, Barnard College, New York University, Rutgers University-Camden, Baruch College, and the -Paris III. Since 2006, he has been a Distinguished Professor at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York.
Writings and influence.
Literary criticism.
Reynolds challenges the once-prevalent view—introduced by the New Critics and later promoted by the deconstructionists and other theorists—that literature is divorced from the author's life and contexts. His reconstruction of the cultural and social contexts of literature began with his early book "Faith in Fiction: The Emergence of Religious Literature in America", which explores some 250 writers from Puritan times through the late 19th century. In "Beneath the American Renaissance: The Subversive Imagination in the Age of Emerson and Melville", Reynolds leverages the title of F.O. Matthiessen's best known work and expands his thesis. Here Reynolds combines elements of New Historicism and cultural studies with deep archival research to show that great literature is defined precisely by its radical openness to biographical, political, social, and cultural images, which certain responsive writers adopted and transformed, yielding such rich, layered symbols as Melville's white whale, Hawthorne's scarlet letter, Poe's raven, and Whitman's grass leaves. Contesting the standard interpretation of America's great writers as marginal figures in a sentimental, proper society, Reynolds reveals that they were instead immersed in a culture that was frequently sensational, subversive, or erotic, epitomized by popular novels about city mysteries, such as the lurid best-seller "The Quaker City; or The Monks of Monk Hall" by the Philadelphia writer George Lippard (the subject of two other books, by Reynolds). Many have followed Reynolds's lead by exploring fresh cultural contexts of major literature and discovering other writers that have been long neglected.
Biography.
Reynolds's biographies of Walt Whitman and John Brown reflect his conviction that historical figures are best understood from their own standpoint, not as anachronistic embodiments of our own values or priorities. A proponent of what he terms cultural biography, Reynolds places his subjects in their own era, showing that their deepest thoughts and motivations were shaped by the cultural, political, and social forces around them. Cultural biography analyzes a subject’s historical milieu not as something “out there,” on the fringes of personal life—but rather as a dynamic entity constantly infiltrating the subject’s psyche and shaping his or her behavior. Reynolds is influenced by the “representative men” theory of Ralph Waldo Emerson, who writes, “the ideas of the time are in the air, and infect all who breathe it…We learn of our contemporaries what they know without effort, and almost through the pores of our skin.” Exploring this seepage of historical “air” into his chosen subjects, Reynolds shows in "John Brown, Abolitionist" that Brown was not an isolated, crazed antislavery terrorist but rather an amalgam of social currents—religious, racial, reformist, political—that found explosive realization in him. In "Walt Whitman’s America: A Cultural Biography", Reynolds takes seriously Whitman’s declarations that he was “the age transfigured” and that “in estimating my volumes, the world’s current times and deeds, and their spirit, must first be profoundly estimated.” Reynolds shows how the social convulsions of Jacksonian America were mirrored in Whitman’s private anguish and the tribulations of his family, and how Whitman’s growing alarm over political controversies, corruption, and class division led him to try to heal his nation through his all-embracing poetry, which absorbs positive images from many aspects of social and cultural life, including religion, science, city life, theater, oratory, photography, painting, reform movements, and sexual mores.
American history.
In the field of history, Reynolds highlights the intersection of politics and culture. Enforcing Lincoln’s view that “public sentiment is everything. He who molds public sentiment is greater than he who makes statutes,” Reynolds includes in books like "John Brown, Abolitionist", "Mightier than the Sword: Uncle Tom’s Cabin and the Battle for America", and "Waking Giant: America in the Age of Jackson" not only political and social leaders but also influential outliers—writers, artists, musicians, reformers, scientists and pseudoscientists, artists, ministers, cult leaders, self-styled prophets—who shaped American history. In "Mightier than the Sword: Uncle Tom’s Cabin and the Battle for America", he traces the impact of Harriet Beecher Stowe’s 1852 best-seller Uncle Tom’s Cabin on the rise of Lincoln, the American Civil War, and worldwide events, including the end of serfdom in Russia, down to its influence on race relations and popular culture in the twentieth century. 
Reynolds's writings reach a wide audience. For example, his "John Brown, Abolitionist" was, according to a book trade journal, the most-reviewed book in major American periodicals in May 2005.
Family.
Reynolds's wife, whose professional name is Suzanne Nalbantian, is a Professor of English and Comparative Literature at the C. W. Post Campus of Long Island University who specializes in the interdisciplinary relationship between literature and neuroscience. Her six books include "Memory in Literature: From Rousseau to Neuroscience" and "The Memory Process: Neuroscientific and Humanistic Perspectives" (coedited with Paul M. Matthews and James B. McClelland). The Reynolds have one daughter, Aline Reynolds, who is a journalist in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="19231805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231805" title="Skat (river)">
Skat (river)

The Skat ( ; also transliterated "Skǎt" or "Skut"; ) is a river in the western Danubian Plain of northern Bulgaria and a right tributary of the Ogosta.
The Skat takes its source from the Rechka area near the Veslets mountain in Vratsa Province, part of the western Fore-Balkan Mountains, north of the Manyashki Vrah peak. It goes round the Borovan hill from the west and runs through a shallow gorge near Ohoden. From that point on, it has low banks and mostly flows through plain terrain with a number of meanders. The Skat is 1020 metres wide, with a sand-covered bed. Its valley is asymmetrical, as the right bank is normally steeper than the left one. North of the town of Miziya, the river's course has been altered and connected with the Ogosta through a canal. It flows into the Ogosta at Saraevo, west of Oryahovo.
The Skat is 134 kilometres long and has a drainage basin of 1,074 square kilometres. Its main tributaries are the Barzina and the Greznitsa. The river is used for irrigation and one reservoir has been built along it, the Ohoden Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="19231807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231807" title="Simon Sanchez High School">
Simon Sanchez High School

Simon A. Sanchez High School (SSHS) is a public secondary school located in the village of Yigo, in the United States territory of Guam. The school is a part of the Guam Public School System.
The school opened as a middle school in 1974 and became a high school in 1981 to serve northeastern Guam.
Simon Sanchez High serves all of Yigo and a portion of Dededo village.

</doc>
<doc id="19231809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231809" title="Georg Gustav von Arnim">
Georg Gustav von Arnim

Georg Gustav von Arnim (Schloss Suckow, September 26, 1870 – Schloss Suchow, August 28, 1945), 6th Lord of the Fideicomis of Suckow in the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, was a German Military and Nobleman, son of Georg Abraham Constantin von Arnim and wife Rosalie Augusta Carolina Johanna Ulrika von Schnehen.
Career.
He was a Chamberlain of the King of Prussia, Captain of Prussian Dragoons and a Knight of the Order of St. John.
Marriage and children.
He married in Berlin on September 26, 1893 Hulda Elisabeth Anna von Versen (Merseburg, March 18, 1872 – West Berlin, May 4, 1954, daughter of Maximilian Felix Christoph Wilhelm Leopold Reinhold Albert Fürchtegott von Versen and wife Alice Bryan Clemens, and had issue, among whom a daughter Marie Agnes von Arnim (Schloss Suchow, August 19, 1903 – Dresder Weissen-Hirsch, May 3, 1938), married in Schloss Suckow on October 7, 1924 with Christoph Moritz Max Freiherr von Beschwitz (Schloss Arnsdorf, April 2, 1898 – Wiesbaden, September 26, 1980), Lord of the Castle of Arnsdorf in the Kingdom of Saxony, and Knight of the Order of St. John, and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19231811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231811" title="Volunteer Center">
Volunteer Center

Volunteer Centers or Volunteer Centres exist primarily to foster and develop volunteerism in the community as a whole. In general they do 4 things: Promote volunteerism, capacity building for effective local volunteering, provide leadership on issues relating to volunteerism, provide leadership on issues relating to volunteerism and connect people with opportunities to serve.
"Volunteer Centres" in the UK are sometimes known as "volunteer bureaux" or "volunteer development agencies". Working to a national model they provide support at a local level for individual volunteers and volunteer involving organisations. They have six core functions, which combined seek to promote and develop volunteering in local communities and link potential volunteers with volunteer involving organisations.
External Links to Information and resources.
Information on Volunteering for: volunteers, volunteer-involving not-for-profit and community organisations, government agencies, those from business and anyone interested in volunteering on the following external links.

</doc>
<doc id="19231817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231817" title="Thessalian Radio Television">
Thessalian Radio Television

The Thessalian Radio Television, also known as TRT (Thessaliki Radiophonia Tileorasi), was founded in 1989. It is a regional private television station that broadcasts in Thessaly, Greece. It started broadcasting on 5 February 1990. TRT has studios in five cities (Volos, Larissa, Karditsa, Trikala and Athens). The station broadcasts continuously and its programmes are targeted at a broad audience of all ages. "Radio TRT 95.1" was launched on 29 October 1995 from the TRT studios of Larissa. The station operates around the clock, with a full program of entertaining and informative, with the collaboration of highly skilled and experienced journalists and producers, as well as many new outstanding partners. In a short time spent at the top of the ratings. From November 2011 rebroadcasts with "Real FM 97.8".

</doc>
<doc id="19231835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231835" title="U.S. Automotive Partnership for Advancing Research and Technologies">
U.S. Automotive Partnership for Advancing Research and Technologies

U.S. Automotive Partnership for Advancing Research and Technologies (USAutoPARTs) is a non-profit organization formed to bring automotive researchers together to expedite commercialization of emerging automotive technologies. It encompasses researchers from the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. Department of Defense, the state of Michigan and auto-supply industry. It is modeled after USCAR, an umbrella organization for collaborative research among U.S. automobile OEMs.

</doc>
<doc id="19231847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231847" title="Cowies Creek">
Cowies Creek

Cowies Creek is a creek in the northern suburbs of Geelong, Victoria, Australia. It flows from wetlands in Moorabool to Corio Quay, Corio Bay in Port Phillip. The mouth of Cowies Creek was excavated to become Corio Quay from 1909, with the creation of Lascelles Wharf to the north in later years.

</doc>
<doc id="19231856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231856" title="Allan Greenshields">
Allan Greenshields

Allan Greenshields (born 22 January 1926) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and St Kilda in the VFL.
Although recruited from Pascoe Vale, Greenshields had also played football in Coburg prior to arriving at Carlton. He came off the bench as a reserve in Carlton's 1947 premiership team and was a reserve in all but three games while with Carlton. Greenshields played more when he crossed to St Kilda, being used mainly as a half back flanker.

</doc>
<doc id="19231862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231862" title="Stargell">
Stargell

Stargell can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19231864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231864" title="USNS Silas Bent (T-AGS-26)">
USNS Silas Bent (T-AGS-26)

USNS "Silas Bent" (T-AGS-26) was a "Silas Bent" class survey ship acquired by the United States Navy in 1964 and delivered to the Military Sealift Command in 1965. "Silas Bent" spent her career in the Pacific Ocean performing oceanographic surveys. The ship was equipped with the Oceanographic Data Acquisition System (ODAS) as were the later oceanographic survey ships and .
Constructed in Lorain, Ohio.
"Silas Bent" (AGS-26), an oceanographic survey ship, was laid down in March 1964 by the American Shipbuilding Co. at Lorain, Ohio; launched on 16 May 1964; sponsored by Miss Nancy M. McKinley and Mrs. Jeffrey R. Grandy; and was delivered to the Military Sea Transportation Service (now the Military Sealift Command) in July 1965.
Oceanographic survey operations.
"Silas Bent" -- the first of a new class of oceanographic survey ships—was manned by a Civil Service crew and operated by the Military Sealift Command as an integrated system for the gathering of vital oceanographic data in both underway and on-station modes. The data she collected was recorded in a form immediately usable by computers. She was under the technical control of the Naval Oceanographic Office in Suitland, Maryland.
The oceanographic survey ship completed her shakedown cruise during the winter of 1965 and 1966. Since that time, she had been conducting oceanographic research primarily in the northern Pacific, between Alaska and Japan. In May 1968, after only six days on station, she and scientists from the Naval Oceanographic Office located an ammunition-laden Liberty ship sunk in the North Pacific. 
In 1972, she visited Japan, for the 2nd annual Ocean Development Conference held at Tokyo. During the conference, there were numerous tours and briefings held on "Silas Bent" describing, for the ocean scientists of the world, her capabilities for measuring bathymetric depth, magnetic intensity, gravity, surface temperature, seismic reflection, sound velocity, ambient light, and salinity. 
As of mid-September 1974, "Silas Bent" engaged in special operations in the area of Kodiak, Alaska.
Decommissioning and dispositioning.
USNS Silas Bent was deactivated in Singapore 28 October 1999, and transferred to the Republic of Turkey as TCG "Çeșme" (A-599). She was joined in 2001 by sister ship USNS "Elisha Kent Kane" (T-AGS-27) renamed TGC "Çandarli" (A-588). 
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Silas Bent" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19231865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231865" title="InsWeb">
InsWeb

InsWeb Corporation formerly operated an online insurance marketplace designed to allow consumers to compare insurance products and rate quotes from a variety of providers. In 2011, it sold its business to Bankrate. The surviving company is now known as Internet Patents Corp.
InsWeb does not provide insurance directly. The company connects consumers with multiple providers via a proprietary online technology platform. Customers receive price quotes for the various insurance products they choose and are contacted by outside insurance agents and/or companies to continue the purchasing process. In conjunction with the consumer-facing insurance quote system, they also operate a lead generating site as a marketing source for insurance agents.
History.
InsWeb was founded in 1995 by Hussein A. Enan and Darrell Ticehurst and became a publicly traded company in 1999. InsWeb created the first online insurance marketplace. InsWeb.com was the first website that allowed a user to receive multiple insurance quotes from multiple providers by filling out a single form.
In the 4th quarter of 2010, InsWeb acquired Protreo Media Corporation.
InsWeb has invented multiple e-commerce and online insurance distribution technologies and owns the following
patents:
6,898,597,
7,107,325,
7,389,246,
7,640,176,
7,707,505.
Awards and recognitions.
InsWeb has been recognized by several prominent publications since its founding including:

</doc>
<doc id="19231886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231886" title="Non-Life Master Swiss Teams">
Non-Life Master Swiss Teams

The Non-Life Master Swiss Teams national bridge championship was held at the summer American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) North American Bridge Championship (NABC).
This was a Swiss Teams event limited to non-Life Masters.
History.
The winners have had their names engraved on the President's Cup, presented in 1942 by the then ACBL President Morgan Howard.
The cup was previously awarded to winners of the Non-Masters Pairs but was re-designated for the non-LM Swiss Teams by the ACBL Board of Directors in 1995.
Sources.
List of previous winners, Page 8
1997 winners, Page 3

</doc>
<doc id="19231889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231889" title="Nayrouz">
Nayrouz

In the Coptic Orthodox Church, September 11 is the feast of Nayrouz or "Neyrouz", when martyrs and confessors are commemorated. This day is also the start of the Coptic new year and its first month (Thout). 
The Feast of Neyrouz marks the first day of the Coptic year. Ignorant of the Egyptian language for the most part, the Arabs confused the Egyptian new year's celebrations, which the Egyptians called the feast of "Ni-Yarouou" (the feast the rivers), with the Persian feast of Nowruz. The misnomer remains today, and the celebrations of the Egyptian new year on the first day of the month of Thout are known as the Neyrouz. Its celebration falls on the 1st day of the month of Thout, the first month of the Egyptian year, which for AD 1901 to 2098 usually coincides with 11 September, except before a Gregorian leap year when it begins September 12.
The Coptic year.
The chronology of the Coptic Orthodox Church begins when Diocletian became Roman emperor in 284 AD. His reign was marked by torture of Christians to force them to deny their faith, as well as by mass executions, especially in Egypt. It is believed this time was one of the worst times that the Coptic church faced, known to believers as "the martyrdom era". Hence, the Coptic year is identified by the abbreviation A.M. (for "Anno Martyrum" or "Year of the Martyrs"). It should not be confused with the A.M. abbreviation used for the unrelated Jewish year, which is "Anno Mundi" ("year of the world").

</doc>
<doc id="19231896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231896" title="Pier (disambiguation)">
Pier (disambiguation)

Pier normally refers to a raised walkway over water, supported by widely spread piles or pillars.
Pier or Piers may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19231898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231898" title="Jacques Belhomme">
Jacques Belhomme

Jacques Belhomme (17 June 1737 – September 1824) was a personality of the French Revolution and the owner of the Pension Belhomme. He appears in the 1951 film "Caroline chérie" after the novel by Jacques Laurent.
Life.
A joiner in the village of Charonne, he was made the holder of the "pension bourgeoise", precursor to the clinics and rest homes of today, then a gaoler when the Jacobins sent prisoners there from the end of 1793. 
He gained fame for a scandal that broke out just after his death, when the comte de Sainte-Aulaire prepared for the press an article accusing Belhomme of having profited from the Reign of Terror to ransome rich suspects. As ever, the reality was more subtle.

</doc>
<doc id="19231926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231926" title="Charonne quarter">
Charonne quarter

The Charonne quarter is an area of the 20th arrondissement of Paris named after a former municipality in the area, which was merged into the city of Paris in 1860 by Napoleon III. The historic centre of Charonne is located around the junction of Rue de Bagnolet and Rue Saint-Blaise, in the vicinity of the parish church of Saint-Germain-de-Charonne.
The metro station called Charonne, notable for the demonstration of 8 February 1962, is named after a street in the 11th arrondissement – Rue de Charonne, in the Bastille neighbourhood – and is not actually located in the district of Charonne, which covers the southern half of the 20th arrondissement.

</doc>
<doc id="19231927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231927" title="The Clique (film)">
The Clique (film)

The Clique is a 2008 direct-to-DVD film directed by Michael Lembeck, based on the popular teen novel series by author Lisi Harrison. The film was produced through Alloy Entertainment and released through Tyra Banks' company "Bankable Productions".
Filming began in February 2008 in Rhode Island and ended in March 2008.
Plot.
The Clique's plot mainly follows the first novel in this series by Lisi Harrison. The books lead you through the middle school lives of five girls: Massie Block, Dylan Marvil, Kristen Gregory, Alicia Rivera, and Claire Lyons. The girls, besides Claire, belong to the most popular group at their private school Octavian Country Day (OCD) called the Pretty Committee aka The Clique. Claire moved from Orlando, Florida into Massie's guest house and is not accepted into the exclusive club. Her first day, Alicia pranks Claire by putting red paint on her pants causing the art teacher to think she has had her period. Claire's first friend is who she meets at lunch Layne Abeley, a unique girl who doesn't pay attention to people, has a very strange sense of style, and has food obsessions. Claire goes to drastic measures to get on The Pretty Committee's good side, even hacking into Massie's computer and telling Massie's friends misleading information. This causes Massie's friends to turn against her, until Claire's misdeeds are found out, and the Pretty Committee is restored. Massie, however, will not just forgive and forget. She continues to behave especially rudely to Claire, as punishment for depriving her of her friends for a few days, and even throws an egg at her, much to the Pretty Committee's vindictive delight. Throughout the movie, it is well known that Massie has a crush on a boy named Chris Abeley, who is Layne Abeley's brother, whom she met because he rides his horse on the same trails as Massie. The movie closes at an auction held at Massie's house to raise money for scholarships for the school. As the day of the auction is Chris Abeley's birthday, Massie plans to jump out of a cake, and surprise him, but Claire finds out not only about Massie's idea, but also that Chris has a girlfriend. Claire's kinder side takes charge, and causes her to prevent Massie from jumping out of the cake before any incident. The last scene leaves the audience to think that perhaps Claire may have a chance at becoming part of the Pretty Committee, which she did in the second book.
Reception.
Commonsensemedia gave the film three stars, praising the acting while calling it "materialistic".

</doc>
<doc id="19231931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231931" title="If You Don't Save Paper">
If You Don't Save Paper

"If You Don't Save Paper" is a 1948 British short film educating viewers on cutting down on paper wastage by using paper more efficiently. It starred Terry-Thomas, later famous for his roles in comedy films.

</doc>
<doc id="19231947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231947" title="Yuan Kewen">
Yuan Kewen

Yuan Kewen (Chinese: 袁克文; 1889–1931), courtesy name Baocen (豹岑), sobriquet Hanyun (寒云), was the second son of Yuan Shikai, and the younger brother of Yuan Keding. His mother was Yuan's third concubine, Jin (金氏), a Korean born in Seoul. 
Yuan was an expert of Chinese traditional literature and a master of calligraphy and Chinese ink painting. He excelled in poetry and lyrics and was obsessed in collecting fine arts and antiques. He was against his father's revival of monarchy and also lived a promiscuous life, which irritated his father. Yuan fled to Shanghai and joined the gang of thugs. He recruited many disciples in Shanghai and Tianjin. He died in 1931 in Tianjin.
Besides his original wife, Liu Meizhen (刘梅真), Yuan had five concubines, Qingyunlou, Xiaotaohong, Tang Zhijun, Yu Peiwen, and Yaxian, in addition to other numerous mistresses. 
Yuan had four sons and three daughters, and all of them were scholars. His third son, Yuan Jialiu, was a renowned high energy physicist. Jialiu's wife was Chien-Shiung Wu, a prominent nuclear physicist.
He is also known for research 葉子戲 and wrote 《雀谱》.

</doc>
<doc id="19231961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231961" title="Pension Belhomme">
Pension Belhomme

The Pension Belhomme was a prison and private clinic during the French Revolution.
Around 1765, the joiner Jacques Belhomme took on the construction of a building for the son of a neighbour, an aristocrat who had been mad since birth. Seeing that running an asylum was more lucrative than joinery, he opened an asylum for lunatics, old people and whoever else rich families wanted to entrust to him. A famous precursor of psychiatry, Philippe Pinel, carried out his first treatments of the insane here.
Once the French Revolution had begun, Jacques Belhomme thought that his fortune was assured. Remote from the violent centre of Paris, he had noticeable advantages. In September 1793 the députés encouraged the sans-culottes to imprison all suspect individuals: nobles, their wives and children, foreigners, priests, lawyers, the actors of the Comédie Française, rich people in general, in short, all those who had not made clear their allegiance to the Republic. With the prisons of Paris already overflowing, the state requisitioned Belhomme's asylum and then all other private clinics. Belhomme entreated the 12 police chiefs in charge of Paris to send him rich prisoners who would pay high fees to live in his asylum as comfortably as possible. From then on marquises, bankers, journalists, famous actors, old nobles and army officers, along with other disgraced persons who bribed the doctors and police chiefs to be transferred on the pretext of illness, lived cheek by jowl with the mad.
Belhomme rented the neighbouring building, the hôtel de Chabanais, to which he linked his own building by a charming garden after the young marquis de Chabanais, a descendant of Colbert, had emigrated with his mother and had his possessions confiscated by the state. Belhomme ended up buying the house to invest the money he had made. It was in this setting that there occurred the romance between Jacques-Marie Rouzet, a deputy to the National Convention, and Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon, widow of duc d’Orléans and mother of the future King Louis-Philippe. They married in secret after leaving prison.
The scandal of the Pension Belhomme finally erupted in January 1794. Belhomme was arrested for supplying wine to the inmates and was imprisoned in another "pension", at Coignard, where the Marquis de Sade was also held. He was found guilty twice and, like the majority of the former inmates of his "clinic", escaped the guillotine only because the Terror ended on 9 Thermidor. Some of the former inmates did not escape, however, proving too well-known to pass unnoticed. They included Béatrice de Choiseul-Stainville, duchesse de Gramont, sister of Louis XV's famous minister; the duchess of Le Châtelet, daughter-in-law of a famous mistress of Voltaire, the fermier général Magon de La Balue, guillotined with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, brothers and cousins; and the lawyer Simon-Nicholas Henri Linguet, despite his denunciation of the monarchy, for which he had spent a year in the Bastille under the ancien regime.
The hôtel de Chabanais was razed in 1953, as was the maison Belhomme in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19231973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19231973" title="Crimen sollicitationis (song)">
Crimen sollicitationis (song)

Crimen Sollicitationis (English: "crime of solicitation") is the first single by Spanish Ska punk group Ska-P from their album "Lágrimas y Gozos". The song was released as a single on 5 September 2008, and the album on 8 September 2008.
Title and text.
The title of the song refers to a document sent out by the Vatican in 1962 specifying the procedures to be followed when trying cases of clerics accused of having made sexual advances in connection with the sacrament of Confession. However, the lyrics are about paedosexual behavior by priests and equate Pope Benedict XVI with Judas. In the document it is expressed that the same rules are to be followed when dealing with denunciations of homosexual, paedophile or zoophile behaviour by clerics.

</doc>
<doc id="19232001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232001" title="Moshe Ron">
Moshe Ron

Moshe Ron (1925, Warsaw, Poland - 2001, Haifa, Israel) - Israeli materials scientist, specialist in metal hydrides
Biography.
Moshe Ron (Zilberman) was born in Poland. His family escaped to USSR before World War II. He started his academic education in soviet Central Asia during the war. After the war he tried to immigrate to British Palestine, but spent two years at Cyprus.
He got his degree from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
He made research of Mössbauer effect in metals.
Moshe Ron was organizer and scientific supervisor of Laboratory of Hydrogen Energy at Technion - Israel Institute of Technology. He contributed a lot into development of heat pumps based on use of metal hydrides. His research was supported by Daimler-Benz AG and Stuttgart University.

</doc>
<doc id="19232003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232003" title="Maine State Prison">
Maine State Prison

The Maine State Prison was erected in Thomaston, Maine in 1824 and relocated to Warren in 2002. This maximum-security prison has a capacity of 916 adult male inmates with an average daily population of 900.
History.
In 1824, only four years after Maine broke off from Massachusetts and became its own state, the state legislature established the Maine State Prison in Thomaston (). The original layout of the prison "had underground cells – deep holes into which prisoners were lowered each night and brought up in the daytime to labor in the stone quarry on the prison property." In 1923 the prison was destroyed by a fire in which many inmates died. The old prison was replaced by a facility with two cellblocks. The cells were modeled on the Auburn System. There were long narrow hallways with very small cells — each. The 1923 prison was very modern for the time and most things were performed by technology, like the locking and unlocking of doors.
The Maine State Prison had a farm several miles away where select prisoners worked. Most produce was used by the prison and not for sale. Other prisoners worked in carriage shops, harness shops, and in maintenance. In the summer of 1927 there were 197 white prisoners, three African American prisoners, and one prisoner of another race. The Maine state prison housed few females, who worked sewing and patching clothing. The women were relocated to the Women's Correctional Center in Skowhegan, Maine in 1935.
New location.
The old Maine State Prison in Thomaston was moved to a new, larger prison in Warren in February 2002 because of the growing prisoner population. Some residents in Thomaston objected to the relocation of the prison because it was a part of their history and local economy. The prison that was founded 178 years ago was razed in the summer of 2002. The site of the prison in Thomaston is now a field.
SMU.
The Special Management Unit (SMU) is a small unit that houses prisoners who are threats to themselves or others, are escape risks, or violate institutional rules, such as fighting or having weapons or other contraband, or are in need of protection. Most prisoners in the SMU are on 23-hour lockdown. They receive one hour a day exercise in a recreation yard and most services, such as meals and medication, are brought to them in their cells. Prisoners who behave in such a way as to constitute a danger to themselves or others can be restrained with force, including use of chemical restraints (mace), placed in security smock/bedding, and put on a constant observation status until mental health staff determines that the prisoner is safe. If extremely agitated, they can be placed for short periods of time in a restraint chair only until they regain control of their behavior and are assessed by mental health staff.
Prison Management.
The Maine State prison uses the unit management system. A team of staff for each housing unit meets periodically to talk about the needs of each prisoner, determine their custody level, and set goals for each prisoner to reach. Education programs are available to inmates including GED prep, typing, English, horticulture, science, and college prep math.” College courses are also available for prisoners. Prisoners placed in the 
SMU have access to educational, mental health, and other programs in-cell.

</doc>
<doc id="19232015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232015" title="French India Company">
French India Company

French India Company may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19232018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232018" title="Kari Sørheim">
Kari Sørheim

Kari Sørheim (born 12 October 1948) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hordaland during the terms 1997–2001 and 2001–2005.
On the local level she has been a member of Masfjorden municipal council.

</doc>
<doc id="19232021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232021" title="2009 German Figure Skating Championships">
2009 German Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 German Figure Skating Championships () was a national competition in the 2008–09 figure skating season. The event was held to determine the national champions of Germany. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating. Skaters competed on the senior and junior levels.
The 2008–09 competition took place in Oberstdorf, Germany between 18–21 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19232026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232026" title="Francis Scully (sailor)">
Francis Scully (sailor)

Francis "Frank" Paul Scully, Jr. (January 24, 1925 – November 9, 1998) was an American sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
In 1964 he won the bronze medal as crew member of the American boat "Bingo" in the 5.5 metre class event.

</doc>
<doc id="19232033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232033" title="Ross Whiteley">
Ross Whiteley

Ross Andrew Whiteley (born 13 September 1988) is an English cricketer who currently plays for Worcestershire.
Whiteley was born in Sheffield. He played with the Derbyshire Second XI from the 2006 season, in the Second XI Championship and Trophy. In the 2008 season Whiteley made his List A debut in September in a Pro40 game against Glamorgan followed shortly by his First-class debut against Leicestershire in the County Championship. He also played three Pro40 matches in the 2009 season. He is a left-handed allrounder.
In the 2012 season Whiteley hit the winning runs that promoted Derbyshire as Division 2 winners into Division 1.
On 25 July 2013, Whiteley signed for the remaining 2013 season and a further 3 years with Worcestershire County Cricket Club. Making his debut on 26 July 2013.
Whiteley's brother Adam, two years his senior, played for Derbyshire's Second XI between 2003 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19232035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232035" title="Gazelle">
Gazelle

A gazelle is any of many antelope species in the genus Gazella, or formerly considered to belong to it. Six species are included in two genera, "Eudorcas" and "Nanger", which were formerly considered subgenera. The genus "Procapra" has also been considered a subgenus of "Gazella", and its members are also referred to as gazelles, though they are not dealt with in this article.
Gazelles are known as swift animals – some are able to run at bursts as high as , or run at a sustained speed of . Gazelles are mostly found in the deserts, grasslands, and savannas of Africa, but they are also found in southwest and central Asia, and the Indian subcontinent. They tend to live in herds and will eat less coarse, easily digestible plants and leaves.
Gazelles are rather small antelopes, most standing high at the shoulder, and are generally fawn-colored.
The gazelle genera are "Gazella", "Eudorcas", and "Nanger". The taxonomy of these genera is a confused one, and the classification of species and subspecies has been an unsettled issue. Currently, the genus "Gazella" is widely considered to contain about 13 species. Four further species are extinct – the red gazelle, the Arabian gazelle, the Queen of Sheba's gazelle, and the Saudi gazelle. Most surviving gazelle species are considered threatened to varying degrees. Closely related to the true gazelles are the Tibetan and Mongolian gazelles (species of the genus "Procapra"), the Blackbuck of Asia, and the African Springbok.
One widely familiar gazelle is the African species Thomson's gazelle ("Eudorcas thomsoni"), which is around in height at the shoulder and is coloured brown and white with a distinguishing black stripe. The males have long, often curved, horns. Like many other prey species, Tommies and Springboks (as they are familiarly called) exhibit a distinctive behaviour of stotting (running and jumping high before fleeing) when they are threatened by predators, such as Cheetahs.
Etymology and name.
Gazelle is derived from the Arabic name "". The first Romance language to adopt it was Middle French, and the word entered the English language around 1600 from the French. Arab people traditionally hunted the gazelle. Appreciated for its grace, it is a symbol most commonly associated in Arabic literature with female beauty. One of the traditional themes of Arabic love poetry involves comparing the gazelle with the beloved, and linguists theorize "ghazal", the word for love poetry in Arabic, is related to the word for gazelle. It is related that the Caliph Abd al-Malik (646–705) freed a gazelle he had captured because of her resemblance to his beloved:
O likeness of Layla, never fear!
Species.
The gazelle are divided into three genera and numerous species.
Extinct.
Fossils of genus "Gazella" are found in Pliocene and Pleistocene deposits of Eurasia and Africa. The tiny "Gazella borbonica" is one of the earliest European gazelles, characterized by its small size and short legs. Gazelles disappeared from Europe at the start of Ice Age, but they survived in Africa and Middle East. Three species became extinct in recent times due to human causes.
Recent extinctions.
, "G. arabica"

</doc>
<doc id="19232063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232063" title="Joseph Batchelder">
Joseph Batchelder

Joseph "Joe" Laws Batchelder (born August 24, 1938) is an American sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Brookline, Massachusetts.
In 1964 he won the bronze medal as crew member of the American boat "Bingo" in the 5.5 metre class event.

</doc>
<doc id="19232084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232084" title="Human radiation experiments">
Human radiation experiments

Since the discovery of ionizing radiation, a number of human radiation experiments have been performed to understand the effects of ionizing radiation and radioactive contamination on the human body, specifically with the element plutonium.
Experiments performed in the United States.
Numerous human radiation experiments have been performed in the United States, many of which were funded by various U.S. government agencies such as the United States Department of Defense and the United States Atomic Energy Commission. Experiments included, but were not limited to:
On January 15, 1994, President Bill Clinton formed the Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments (ACHRE), chaired by Ruth Faden, Ph.D., MPH of the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics. One of the primary motivating factors behind his decision to create ACHRE was action taken by his newly appointed Secretary of Energy, Hazel O’Leary, J.D. One of her first actions on taking the reins of the Department of Energy was to announce a new openness policy for the Department. The policy led almost immediately to the release of over 1.6 million pages of classified records. The records made clear that since the 1940s the Atomic Energy Commission had been sponsoring tests on the effects of radiation on the human body. American citizens who had checked into hospitals for a variety of ailments were secretly injected with varying amounts of plutonium and other radioactive materials without their knowledge. Most patients thought it was "just another injection," but the secret studies left enough radioactive material in many of the patients' bodies to induce life threatening conditions. Such experiments were not limited to hospital patients, but included other populations such as those set out above, e.g., orphans fed irradiated milk, children injected with radioactive materials, prisoners in Washington and Oregon state prisons. Much of the experimentation was carried out in order to assess how the human body metabolizes radioactive materials, information that could be used by the Departments of Energy and Defense in Cold War defense/attack planning.
ACHRE's final report was also a factor in the Department of Energy establishing an Office of Human Radiation Experiments (OHRE) that assured publication of DOE’s involvement (by way of its predecessor, the AEC) in Cold War radiation research and experimentation on human subjects. The final report issued by the ACHRE can be found at the Department of Energy's website:.
Experiments performed abroad.
In the Marshall Islands, indigenous residents and crewmembers of the fishing boat "Lucky Dragon No. 5" were exposed to the high yields of radioactive testing during the Castle Bravo explosions conducted at Bikini Atoll. Researchers subsequently exploited this ostensibly unexpected turn of events by conducting research on the onset of effects from radiation poisoning as part of Project 4.1, raising ethical questions as to both the specific incident and the broader phenomenon of testing in populated areas.
Likewise, the Venezuelan geneticist Marcel Roche was implicated in Patrick Tierney's 2000 publication, "Darkness in El Dorado", for allegedly administering radioactive iodine to indigenous peoples in the Orinoco basin of Venezuela, such as the Yanomami and Ye'Kwana peoples, in cooperation with the US Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), possibly with no apparent benefit for the test group and without obtaining proper informed consent. This corresponded to similar administrations of iodine-124 by the French anthropologist Jacques Lizot in cooperation with the French Atomic Energy Commission (CEA).
External links.
the plutonium files

</doc>
<doc id="19232092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232092" title="No-line court">
No-line court

The no-line, multi-colored tennis court was introduced by the World Team Tennis (WTT) league during its early years [1975-6]. The WTT presented this creative alternative tennis court as an identity 'logo'.
The no-line, multi-colored tennis courts shown in the figures are two original Southern California outdoor installations. The different areas of the no-line tennis court are defined by colors instead of white lines. White lines on a standard tennis court. are painted onto a single, or two-tone, colored background, as required by the ‘rules’ of the United States Tennis Association (U.S.T.A) USTA and the International Tennis Federation (I.T.F.).
The original multi-colored, no-line tennis court has eleven separate colored areas with no segregating lines. As a functional, no-line tennis court design it was issued a USPTO utility patent #4,045,022 in 1977 to its inventors, Geoffrey Grant, an avid and successful senior tennis competitor, and Robert Nicks, an engineer. These two inventors also developed, tested and patented (USPTO patent. # 3,982,759 the original tennis electronic line judge used by the Men’s World Championship Tennis and Ladies’ Virginia Slims sponsored tennis tours in 1974-5.
Distinctively, the no-line, multi-colored tennis court deviates from both the U.S.T.A and the ITF rules because the court‘s playing zones are separated by color instead of lines. Specifically, the court lacks a line dividing the service courts that is two inches wide and twenty-one feet long, and within the rules of tennis, this line is considered to be a part of both service zones. During play, a tennis ball served that hits the shared line is playable from either side service positions. In the absence of the line the size of both service areas deviates from the rules because each court is an inch [2.5 cm] narrower than specified by the U.S.T.A and the ITF.
The multi-colored court used by the Advanta WTT sponsored league in 2008-9 is a compromise in that it has both white lines and the colored areas that satisfies both the rules of the tennis organizations and media appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="19232101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232101" title="Arthur Kreinheder">
Arthur Kreinheder

Father Arthur Carl Kreinheder, C.S.C. (October 1, 1905 - October 13, 1989) was an American Lutheran Benedictine monk and founder of a Lutheran religious order, The Congregation of the Servants of Christ.
Kreinheder was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. His father, Oscar Carl Kreinheder (1877-1946), was a pastor of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod and the president of Valparaiso University from 1930 to 1939.
After a successful career as a businessman, Arthur Carl Kreinheder went 1950 to study theology at Lund University in Sweden, living in St. Laurence Foundation. Already before he had been in touch with Taizé Community in formation. Briefly, in 1955, he became a novice in the Taize Community. 
Kreinheder was ordained to the priesthood in 1956 in Lund by Bishop Anders Nygren and Bishop Gustaf Aulen "for ecumenical work in the United States among Lutherans."
"The Congregation of the Servants of Christ", a Lutheran Benedictine community, was established at St. Augustine's House in 1958 when some other men joined Father Arthur in observing the monastic life and offices of prayer. Through father Arthur there was right in the beginning a connection with Östanbäck Monastery in Sweden after its foundation.
Father Arthur was involved in Christian ecumenism and he was the U.S. secretary of the League for Evangelical-Catholic Reunion.
At the age of 84 Father Arthur Carl Kreinheder died (on Friday, October 13, 1989) in a Pontiac, Michigan, hospital. He had never recovered fully form a stroke suffered in the preceding July. He is buried in the cemetery at St. Augustine's House.
References.
Saint Augustine's House http://www.staugustineshouse.org/

</doc>
<doc id="19232103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232103" title="RD-191">
RD-191

The RD-191 is a high performance single-combustion chamber rocket engine, developed in Russia. It is derived from the RD-170 originally used in the Energia launcher.
The RD-191 is fueled by a kerosene / LOX mixture and uses an oxygen-rich staged combustion cycle.
Design.
Burn ignition is provided by a chemical method, by feeding into the combustion chamber special starting fuel which is self-igniting on contact with liquid oxygen. The engine is capable of throttling down to 30% of nominal thrust; the design also allows for a short-duration enhanced thrust (up to 5% of nominal level) in emergency situations. A Cardan suspension provides for yaw and pitch controls by gimballed thrust deflection up to 8 degrees.
A modern design, the engine incorporates sensors monitoring burn conditions. The measurements are used for telemetry and an emergency protection system.
The engine fulfills two additional functions: heating helium gas for pressurization of propellant tanks, and generating hydraulic power for hydraulic actuators to deflect the nozzle and aerodynamic rudders.
Development.
On September 5, 2008, the creator of the engine, NPO Energomash, reported that the engine has completed the full cycle of development and burn tests and is ready for manufacturing and delivery. The primary launch vehicle utilizing this engine is the Angara rocket, currently being developed.
A version of the RD-191 with thrust reduced to 170 tonnes, called RD-151, was fire-tested on July 30, 2009. The first flight test of this engine was conducted on August 25, 2009 as part of the first launch of South Korean Naro-1 rocket.
As of 2010, the engine has passed all development phases and its nine prototypes have accumulated over 23,000 seconds in 105 firing tests, with one of them reaching the maximum running time of 3,635 seconds in 12 tests. Currently, interdepartmental tests are under way and manufacturing of the engines for flight development tests has started. The flight tests will begin with a launch of the Angara-1.2 light-class rocket, and then of the Angara-5A heavy launcher. Despite problems with funding, work on the RD-191 engine is in line with the Angara rocket family's master schedule.
In April 2013, it was announced that a further derivation, the RD-193, had completed testing. This version is lighter and shorter, designed for use on the light-launcher Soyuz-2.1v when the inventory of surplus NK-33 engines is exhausted.

</doc>
<doc id="19232108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232108" title="Tosa Kuroshio Railway Asa Line">
Tosa Kuroshio Railway Asa Line

The is a Japanese railway line operated by Tosa Kuroshio Railway that runs between Nankoku and Nahari in Kōchi Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19232149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232149" title="Ebenezer Porter">
Ebenezer Porter

Ebenezer Porter (May 5, 1772 - April 8, 1834), D.D., was an American minister and writer.
Early life and career.
The son of Vermont politician and judge Thomas Porter, Ebenezer was born in Cornwall, Connecticut on May 5, 1772. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1792, studied theology in Bethlehem, Connecticut, and in 1796 became pastor of the Congregational church in Washington, Connecticut.
In 1812 he was appointed professor of sacred rhetoric at Andover Theological Seminary, and he was appointed the academy's president in 1827, retaining both positions until his death.
In 1814 Dartmouth College awarded Porter an honorary Doctor of Divinity degree.
Author.
Porter published "Young Preacher's Manual"; "Analysis of Vocal Inflections"; "Analysis of the Principles of Rhetorical Delivery"; "Rhetorical Reader and Exercises"; and "Lectures on Homilecticks and Preaching, and on Public Prayer, with Sermons and Addresses". After his death, "The Biblical Reader" and "Lectures on Eloquence and Style" were also published.
Porter was also a contributor to the "Quarterly Register", and a translator of many sacred German poems.
Death and burial.
Porter died in Andover, Massachusetts on April 8, 1834. He was buried in Phillips Academy Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19232189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232189" title="Giovanni Gallini">
Giovanni Gallini

Giovanni Andrea Battista Gallini (born Florence, Italy, 7 January 1728, died London, 5 January 1805), later known as Sir John Andrew Gallini, was an Italian dancer, choreographer and impresario who was made a " Knight of the Golden Spur by the Pope " following a successful performance.
He was the grandson of Domenico Gallini, his father was Luca Gallini and his mother was Maria Umilta Agostini, the daughter of Giovanni Agostini. Gallini was trained in Paris by François Marcel and emigrated to England at an unknown date, though he had been performing at the Académie Royale de Musique. By 17 December 1757 he was dancing at Covent Garden Theatre. Between 1758 and 1766 he performed and served as director of dances at the King's Theatre now Her Majesty's Theatre, Haymarket (the opera house), except for an interval at Covent Garden in late 1763 and 1764. He ceased to perform in public at the end of the 1766 season. 
In a campaign to raise the intellectual respectability of dance, on 3 March 1762 Gallini published "A Treatise on the Art of Dancing", which was followed by "Critical Observations on the Art of Dancing" (1770). Dance historians agree that these elegantly printed volumes were largely derivative, citing Weaver, Cahusac, and other sources, but were important statements of philosophy that helped gain Gallini entrée into society. 
Marriage into the aristocracy.
While teaching dance, at which he was expert, he courted and married privately, on 23 February 1763 at St James's, Westminster, Lady Elizabeth Peregrine Bertie (d. 1804), the daughter of the third earl of Abingdon. She gave birth to twin sons Francis Cecil Gallini and John Gallini on 13 October 1766 and later to two daughters, Joyce Ann Gallini and Louise Gallini. Notwithstanding outrage in parts of the fashionable world, her family accepted the match. However, the marriage eventually broke down, and in later years the couple lived apart.
Willoughby Bertie, 4th Earl of Abingdon, was a music patron and composer, as well as a political writer and his brother-in-law Gallini brought Bertie into contact with J.C. Bach and Carl Friedrich Abel, and he was subsequently very involved in their careers. Gallini was a friend of Haydn's, who may have encouraged Bertie to compose. Haydn went to Vienna, and there he was found by Johann Peter Salomon, the great German-born violinist and impresario who had settled in London, where he gave successful subscription concerts. Salomon had read of Prince Esterházy's death while recruiting singers in Cologne and had hastened to Vienna to engage Haydn, and if possible Mozart as well (but Mozart was already committed to composing Die Zauberflöte and was not free). Salomon was a brilliant businessman and his proposal to Haydn was so attractive that the composer could hardly refuse: 3000 gulden from the great impresario Gallini, director of the King's Theatre in the Haymarket, for a new opera and 100 gulden for each of twenty new instrumental or vocal pieces to be conducted by Haydn in Salomon's subscription concerts. As soon as Haydn set foot on English soil, 5000 gulden (£500 were then the equivalent of 4883 gulden) were to be deposited in Haydn's Viennese bank, Fries & Co.
Work as an impresario: opera and ballet.
In addition to the money and property his wife brought him, Gallini, who was famously parsimonious, accumulated a substantial fortune. On 28 June 1774, with Johann Christian Bach and Carl Friedrich Abel, he purchased premises in Hanover Square, where the three men built a splendid concert hall—the Hanover Square Rooms—95 feet by 30. Gallini bought out his partners on 12 November 1776 and continued to operate the hall successfully for the rest of his life, making large sums from series such as the Professional Concert and Academy of Ancient Music, and from masquerades held there.
Not content, in the spring of 1778 Gallini attempted to buy the opera at the King's Theatre, Haymarket. Xenophobia against him coalesced into a bidding war won by Richard Brinsley Sheridan and Thomas Harris, who paid the outlandish price of £22,000 for the enterprise (all of it borrowed). Unfamiliar with opera, they began losing large sums; meanwhile, Gallini embarked on an aggressive campaign to force them out. After seven years of transfers of authority, forced declarations of bankruptcy, feuding trustees, and sheriff's sales, he achieved his wish, though the conditions were far from ideal. He served as trustee for William Taylor, who loathed him, harassed him, and sued him year after year, and he had to operate under a budget cap of £18,000 enforced by the court of chancery. The lord chamberlain, who regarded him as an undesirable foreigner, made him struggle to get a licence to perform. 
Surprisingly, Gallini paid more attention to opera than to dance, mounting highly creditable seasons. To supplement the Italian repertory he began to import both works and performers from German houses, and he drew to England such major performers as Gertrud Elisabeth Mara and the castratos, Giovanni Maria Rubinelli and Luigi Marchesi. 
Dance required more than a single star, however. Without a major choreographer, even Auguste Vestris's performance seemed less brilliant, and although Jean-Georges Noverre returned at the end of 1787 the talent provided for him to work with was so limited that in February 1789 a riotous audience demanded that better dancers be imported. Even after Marie-Madeleine Guimard consented to a short visit for exorbitant fees, Gallini somehow managed to run up a profit of £4000 in four seasons—though the money went to the theatre's innumerable creditors.
All along, rent from concerts continued to increase Gallini's personal fortune, and he acquired real estate in Yattendon and Hampstead Norrys in England, and also abroad. Money probably also changed hands when he was awarded the knighthood of the order of the Golden Spur by the pope in the spring of 1788. He was then popularly styled Sir John Gallini, but English society proved more willing to joke about the title than to recognize it.
The King's Theatre burnt down on 17 June 1789 during evening rehearsals, and the dancers fled the building as beams fell onto the stage. The fire had been deliberately set on the roof, and Gallini offered a reward of £300 for capture of the culprit. With the theatre destroyed, each group laid its own plans for a replacement. Although Gallini schemed to take full control of the business in a new space with a new partner, Robert Bray O'Reilly, by December he had broken away and joined forces with his nemesis William Taylor, who was rebuilding the old theatre. Defying the lord chamberlain, they reopened without a license in the spring of 1791, with Gallini responsible for artistic direction. Despite the presence of Haydn, the great tenor Giacomo Davide, and the Vestris, father and son, the company lost £9700 in five months. Gallini thereafter dropped out of opera management and contented himself with teaching, at which he was recognized to be superb, and running Hanover Square. He probably lost very little on the new opera venture, since he did collect most of the money he was owed from Taylor. 
He died abruptly at his home in Hanover Square on the morning of 5 January 1805 at the age of seventy-six, survived by a son and two daughters, among whom an estate said to be £150,000 was divided. He was buried at Yattendon church, Berkshire. Having sought his fortune in England in 1757, Gallini had led the opera ballet, taught a generation of aristocrats to dance and married one of them, made a substantial fortune as impresario of the chief concert venue in London, and proved to be one of the most successful opera managers of the eighteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19232224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232224" title="Norwegian Museum of Hydropower and Industry">
Norwegian Museum of Hydropower and Industry

The Norwegian Museum of Hydropower and Industry () is a cultural history museum in Tyssedal and Odda in Hordaland county, Norway. The museum is dedicated to the industrial history of Odda and Tyssedal, and more generally to history related to rivers and water, hydropower production, electricity, power intensive industry and its society.
A main attraction is the power station Tysso I, drawn by the architect Thorvald Astrup (1876–1940) and constructed between 1906 and 1918. The station contains machinery and control room equipment from the entire period of operation, 1908–1989. In 2000 Tyssedal power plant – including Tysso I, pipelines, distribution pool and watchman's house at Lilletopp, and intake pool and valve house at Vetlevann – was protected for posterity by the Norwegian Directorate for Cultural Heritage. During the following years the power plant went through extensive restoration.
Close to the power station Tyssefaldene's old administration building from 1914 today houses the museum's exhibitions, library, archives, photo- and audio collections, as well as an auditorium. Further upstream it is possible to visit the installations at Lilletopp, Vetlevann and the Ringedals Dam. Three old workmen's houses in Odda and a small former hydrologic research station at the glacier Folgefonna are also part of the museum.
A via ferrata has been built that allows safe climbing along the very steep pipeline.

</doc>
<doc id="19232237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232237" title="Roller racer">
Roller racer

A Roller Racer is a toy human-powered vehicle for children. It was invented in the 1970s by a retired Boeing engineer as a gift for his grandson, using a tractor seat for the prototype toy.
The method of propulsion is unique to this scooter. The user moves forward by oscillating the handlebars from side to side. Published studies in Experimental Non-Linear Physics have been conducted worldwide on this product. It is used in amusement parks, schools, day care centers, family fun centers and homes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19232246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232246" title="The Wild Affair">
The Wild Affair

The Wild Affair is a 1963 British comedy film directed by John Krish and starring Nancy Kwan, Gladys Morgan and Betty Marsden.

</doc>
<doc id="19232257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232257" title="Jacques-Marie Rouzet">
Jacques-Marie Rouzet

Jacques-Marie Rouzet (23 May 1743, Toulouse - 25 October 1820, Paris), comte de Folmon, was a French politician. He was the lover of Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon after the death of her husband the duke of Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="19232279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232279" title="Crocetta">
Crocetta

Crocetta (Italian for "Little Cross") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19232281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232281" title="Creative reuse">
Creative reuse

Creative reuse, also known as upcycling or repurposing, is the process of taking materials or products that are unwanted for their original function and through creativity, transforming them into pieces of art, home decoration, or other useful items. This is different from recycling, where the products are broken down to it's component parts and re-manufactured into new products. Creative reuse is also different from conventional reuse, where the product is used in its original purpose again.
Creative reuse projects can be big or small and can be made from anything that would otherwise have been thrown away. Many creative reuse projects and works are created from corporate and manufacturing discards. Creative reuse works can range from high art to crafts done with children. Creative reuse can be items or artwork that are sold for profit, for non-profit causes, or just for fun. Many examples of creative reuse can be found on Pinterest.com or for sale on Etsy.
Creative Reuse Centers, originating in the 1970's, collect donations of reusable materials and redistribute them at affordable or no costs. Most creative reuse centers are open to the public, although there are certain membership or educational only creative reuse centers as well. There are over a hundred creative reuse centers in the United States, and another hundred in the UK where they are membership organizations known as Scrapstores. A great listing of creative reuse centers can be found in the Lancaster Creative Reuse website. A list of Creative Reuse Centers around the world can be found here.
Some of the more Notable Creative Reuse Centers are the East Bay Depot for Creative Reuse in Oakland, California, SCRAP in San Francisco, The Long Beach Depot for Creative Reuse in Long Beach, California, Fresh Heirlooms Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Construction Junction in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, SCRAP in Portland, Oregon and The Scrap Exchange in Durham, North Carolina. Notable membership based and educational focused creative reuse centers include RAFT in San Jose, CA, and Materials for the Arts in New York City, and the SCRAPstores in the UK.
Another way creative reuse comes into play is through environmentally friendly gifts or "green gifts". Buying eco-friendly gifts made from recycled materials and hand-crafted into something unique and useful is becoming a chic new and environmentally friendly way to shop for weddings, birthdays, baby showers, and the holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="19232282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232282" title="Lágrimas y Gozos">
Lágrimas y Gozos

Lágrimas y Gozos (Tears and Joy) is the seventh studio album by the Spanish Ska punk band Ska-P. It was released on October 7, 2008, entering the Spanish Top 100 Albums chart at #6. 
The first single from the CD, "Crimen Sollicitationis", was released on September 5, 2008 Ska-P. Nicolas Sarkozy's voice is sampled in "La Colmena". 
The sleeve notes include lyrics to the songs and, according to the sleeve notes, the lyrics are also available in both French and English at Ska-P's official web site.
Writing and production.
"Lágrimas y Gozos" is the first album since Ska-P's break-up in 2002. The title of the album was a choice between "Azufre" (Sulphur) or "Lágrimas y Gozos" (Tears and Joy). They explained their decision in choosing "Lágrimas y Gozos" in an interview for the Spanish daily El Mundo:

</doc>
<doc id="19232311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232311" title="Dr. Coppelius">
Dr. Coppelius

Dr. Coppelius (or Fantástico mundo del doctor Coppelius, El) is a 1966 Spanish English-language comedy film based on the ballet Coppelius directed by Ted Kneeland and featuring Walter Slezak and Claudia Corday.

</doc>
<doc id="19232322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232322" title="Silas Cooper">
Silas Cooper

Silas Cooper (1778 at Wadhurst, Sussex – 30 May 1816 at Wadhurst, Sussex) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Sussex and he made two known appearances in first-class matches from 1805 to 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="19232329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232329" title="Thomas Vigne">
Thomas Vigne

Thomas Vigne (born 1771 in England; died 30 March 1841 at Woodford Wells, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey and he made 60 known appearances in first-class matches from 1804 to 1832. He was an occasional wicketkeeper.
Vigne's son was Godfrey Vigne who played first-class cricket from 1819 to 1845.

</doc>
<doc id="19232332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232332" title="Godfrey Vigne">
Godfrey Vigne

Godfrey Thomas Vigne (born 1 September 1801; died 12 July 1863 at Woodford Wells, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer and traveller.
Early life.
Vigne was born on 1 September 1801 at Walthamstow, then in Essex, the eldest son of Thomas Vigne. He entered Harrow School in 1817. He became a barrister in 1824, and was a member of Lincoln's Inn.
Cricketing career.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire and he made 11 known appearances in first-class matches from 1819 to 1845.
Travels.
In 1831 Vigne left England for Persia, and then travelled to India. He spent the next seven years travelling in north west India and Central Asia. Between 1835 and 1838 he travelled extensively in Kashmir and Ladakh, and was the first European known to have visited Baltistan. He was the first to describe Nanga Parbat. 
In 1836 Vigne visited Afghanistan, and met the emir, Dost Mohammed. He was said to be the first Englishman to have visited Kabul.
After 1852 Vigne travelled in Mexico, Nicaragua, the West Indies and the United States.
He published several books describing his travels.

</doc>
<doc id="19232344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232344" title="DXMR">
DXMR

DXMR (1170 kHz Zamboanga City) is an AM station owned and operated by Philippine Broadcasting Service in the Philippines, Located at Zamboanga City. 

</doc>
<doc id="19232345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232345" title="Samuel Bridger">
Samuel Bridger

Samuel Bridger (born 11 May 1777 at Dorking, Surrey; details of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey and he made 21 known appearances in first-class matches from 1804 to 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="19232357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232357" title="Louis de Potter">
Louis de Potter

Louis Joseph Antoine de Potter, (26 April 1786, Bruges - 22 July 1859, Bruges), was a Belgian journalist who became a famous politician and literature author. Out of the more than 100 books and pamphlets, one of the most notable works was his famous "Letter to my fellow citizens" in which he promoted more democracy, universal electoral rights and the Belgian unity of strengths between liberals and Catholics. As one of the heroes of the Belgian revolution, he proclaimed the independence of Belgium from the Netherlands (from the terrace of the Brussels City Hall on Sept. 28, 1830), and inaugurated the first Belgian parliamentary assembly (on Nov. 10, 1830), on behalf of the (dismissing) Belgian provisional government.
Life.
He belonged to a rich noble family (his father was the Esquire Clément de Potter de Droogenwalle) which sought asylum in Germany after the second French invasion of the Southern Netherlands in 1794 and remained there until the Consulate. This meant that Louis's education in Bruges remained largely incomplete and so he restarted it during the family's time abroad, wanting to learn Latin, ancient Greek and modern languages. He spent 12 years in Italy (in Rome from 1811 to 1821 and in Florence from 1821 to 1823) to study the history of the Roman Catholic church, though he studied it with the prejudices which predominated in Enlightenment thoughts. He then discovered the foundations of the reforms made in the "aristocratic republics of Italy" and those of the revolution for the French republic.
In 1816 he had already published his "Considérations sur l'histoire des principaux conciles depuis les apôtres jusqu'au Grand Schisme d'Occident" ("Considerations on the history of the main councils from the apostles to the Great Western Schism"). In 1821, he completed this first work with another, in six volumes, titled "L'Esprit de l'Église ou Considérations sur l'histoire des conciles et des papes, depuis Charlemagne jusqu'à nos jours" ("The Spirit of the Church, or Considerations on the history of the councils and the popes, from Charlemagne to our own days").
During his stay in Florence, he had access to the archives and library of Bishop Ricci - minister-counsellor of the Grand-Duke of Habsbourg - it was there that he gathered the materials for a third work, "Vie de Scipion de Ricci, évêque de Pistoie et de Prato" ("Life of Scipione de' Ricci, bishop of Pistoia and of Prato"). This was published in 1825, and was immediately translated into German and English. The author's aim in this work was to glorify Josephinism, the justification of the reforms carried out in Tuscany under the auspices of grand duke Pietro Leopold I of Tuscany, brother of Joseph II.
After a long residence in Germany, France, and Italy, he returned to Brussels in 1824, initially very satisfied to see the northern and southern Netherlands united under the rule of William of Nassau. He wrote "I thank fate for destining me to live under liberal political institutions, which, by the principals of moderation and equity, put no barrier in the way of thought". After his father's death, he left Bruges and settled in Brussels, but did not re-assume the title to which his noble blood entitled him. Even so, he had to get a job and was on very good terms with the whole cabinet, or at least with the head of the department of the interior, Pierre Van Gobbelschroy, his former classmate.
De Potter began his political career as editor of the liberal opposition journal "Le Courrier des Pays-Bas". He deployed his verve as a polemicist against the Catholic clergy, the aristocracy and William I's government. One of his articles, published on 8 November 1828, was a violent pamphlet against the king's ministers and marked the journal's rallying to the cause of unionism. Minister of Justice Cornelis Van Maanen hounded de Potter for this opposition to William's government and finally had him found guilty on 20 December 1828, condemning him to 18 months' detention and a fine of 1000 florins. On 8 January 1830, William I revoked the job and pension of all members of the Belgian estates general who opposed his policies. De Potter was then still in prison and there launched the idea of a national subscription to compensate deputies and civil servants who had fallen prey to this measure.
Van Maanen continued to hound de Potter, this time for plotting against the state and exciting revolt, and so on 30 April 1830 he was sentenced to an 8 year exile by the Brussels court of assize for publications composed in prison, such as the pamphlet on the "Union of the Catholics and Liberals" (de Potter's co-plotters and friends Jean-François Tielemans and Adolphe Bartels were condemned to seven years' banishment at the same sitting). He thought of spending his exile in France, but this country refused to welcome him and so he ended up in Prussia until the July Revolution, when France did allow him in. After the Belgian Revolution, he returned to Brussels and was a member of the provisional government. In it he was given the specific task of planning the basic laws for the new state of Belgium. On 10 November he pronounced the opening of the National Congress of Belgium, in favour of a Republican regime. After the Congress pronounced itself in favour of a constitutional monarchy on 13 November 1830 he returned to private life and upon the provisional government's downfall he withdrew to France.

</doc>
<doc id="19232401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232401" title="1900 Open Championship">
1900 Open Championship

The 1900 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. John Henry Taylor won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232404" title="Federal Ministry of Interior (Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina)">
Federal Ministry of Interior (Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina)

The Federal Ministry of Interior (FMUP) (; ; ) is the interior ministry of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Internal Organization of the Federal Police Administration.
Under the Ministry itself there is an administration dealing with the police directly which is the
Federal Police Administration:

</doc>
<doc id="19232413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232413" title="KNEL">
KNEL

KNEL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19232416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232416" title="Dynamic scraped surface heat exchanger">
Dynamic scraped surface heat exchanger

The dynamic scraped surface heat exchanger (DSSHE) was designed to face some problems found in other types of heat exchangers. They increase heat transfer by:
DSSHEs incorporate an internal mechanism which periodically removes the product from the heat transfer wall. 
Introduction.
The most important technologies for indirect heat transfer use tubes (shell-and-tube exchangers) or flat surfaces (plate exchangers). Their goal is to exchange the maximum amount of heat per unit area by generating as much turbulence as possible below given pumping power limits. Typical approaches to achieve this consist of corrugating the tubes or plates or extending their surface with fins.
However, these geometry conformation technologies, the calculation of optimum mass flows and other turbulence related factors become diminished when fouling appears, obliging designers to fit significantly larger heat transfer areas. There are several types of fouling, including particulate accumulation, precipitation (crystallization), sedimentation, generation of ice layers, etc.
Another factor posing difficulties to heat transfer is viscosity. Highly viscous fluids tend to generate deep laminar flow, a condition with very poor heat transfer rates and high pressure losses involving a considerable pumping power, often exceeding the exchanger design limits. This problem becomes worsened frequently when processing non-newtonian fluids.
The dynamic scraped surface heat exchangers (DSSHE) have been designed to face the above mentioned problems. They increase heat transfer by:
Basic description.
The dynamic scraped surface heat exchangers incorporate an internal mechanism which periodically removes the product from the heat transfer wall. The product side is scraped by blades attached to a moving shaft or frame. The blades are made of a rigid plastic material to prevent damage to the scraped surface. This material is FDA approved in the case of food applications.
Types.
There are basically three types of DSSHEs depending on the arrangement of the blades:
Evaluation.
Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) techniques are the standard tools to analyse and evaluate heat exchangers and similar equipment. However, for quick calculation purposes, the evaluation of DSSHEs are usually carried out with the help of ad hoc (semi)empirical correlations based on the Buckingham π theorem:
for pressure loss and
for heat transfer, where "Nu" is the Nusselt number, "Re" is the standard Reynolds number based on the inner diameter of the tube, "Re'" is the specific Reynolds number based on the wiping frequency, "Pr" is the Prandtl number, "Fa" is the Fanning friction factor, "L" is the length of the tube, "D" is the inner diameter of the tube, "n" is the number of blades and the dots account for any other relevant dimensionless parameters.
Applications.
The range of applications covers a number of industries, including food, chemical, petrochemical and pharmaceutical. The DSSHEs are appropriate whenever products are prone to fouling, very viscous, particulate, heat sensitive or crystallizing.

</doc>
<doc id="19232425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232425" title="Running highwayman's hitch">
Running highwayman's hitch

The running highwayman's hitch, mooring hitch, or sliding sheet bend is a hitch knot tied by looping the end of the rope around an object, and then fixing it to the standing part with a highwayman's hitch.

</doc>
<doc id="19232429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232429" title="Richard Leigh (cricketer)">
Richard Leigh (cricketer)

Richard Leigh (born 7 February 1784 at Wilmington, Kent; died 9 October 1841 at Westminster) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey and he made 5 known appearances in first-class matches from 1806 to 1809.

</doc>
<doc id="19232430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232430" title="1901 Open Championship">
1901 Open Championship

The 1901 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Muirfield. James Braid won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232431" title="Landy Mattison">
Landy Mattison

Landy Mattison (born January 4, 1983 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American soccer defender, who played professionally in both the USL First and Second Divisions.
While born in North Carolina, Mattison grew up in Franklin, Tennessee. He attended Centennial High School where he was an All State soccer player. He also played basketball and was an All Region defensive back with his high school football team. He began his college career at Florida International University in 2001. In 2002, he transferred to the University of Clemson. In 2003 and 2004, he played for the Nashville Metros of the Premier Development League. On April 15, 2005, Mattison signed with the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division. In 2006, he signed with the Chicago Fire. While he played five games with the Fire Reserves, but saw no first team games. While he spent most of the 2007 season with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division, he also saw time with the Chicago Fire Reserves in September. In 2008, he continued to be called up to the Fire, this time for a September 25, 2008 non-league exhibition match with Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz. He left the team at the end of the 2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19232432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232432" title="Mooring hitch">
Mooring hitch

Mooring hitch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19232455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232455" title="DXBY">
DXBY

Bay Radio 89.9 is a music FM radio station owned and operated by Baycomms Broadcasting Corp. in the Philippines. This station studios and transmitter is located at Zamboanga City.

</doc>
<doc id="19232456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232456" title="Thamayanoor">
Thamayanoor

Thamayanoor is a village in Salem district, Valapady Taluk in Tamil Nadu, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19232464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232464" title="House of Tomorrow">
House of Tomorrow

The House of Tomorrow at 241 West Lake Front Drive, Beverly Shores, Indiana, was originally part of Chicago's 1933-34 Century of Progress Exposition. Designed as the house of the future, this house included its own airplane hangar. Glass walls offered views from every angle and so taxed the experimental air conditioning system that the cooling system failed.
1933 Century of Progress Exposition.
The House of Tomorrow was built for the Century of Progress' 1933 Homes of Tomorrow Exhibition in Chicago, Illinois. Architect George Fred Keck's design reflected European modernism. The design conveyed the ideals of the fair and its emphasis on science and technology. Keck said he 'discovered' solar heating when he found workers inside the house wearing only shirtsleeves on a frigid winter day.
Bartlett Development.
After the close of the Century of Progress, the structure was sold to Robert Bartlett for $2,500. Bartlett was developing a residential subdivision in Beverly Shores, Indiana. The house was placed on a barge and moved across Lake Michigan to Indiana. In April 1938, Bartlett sold the house to become a private residence.
Design.
The building was dodecagonal in design using aluminum fascia with vermiculite interior walls. Plate glass walls are the most notable feature of the building. An airplane hangar was included, set four feet lower than the ground floor. When the house was moved to Beverly Shores, the ground floor was modified to make use of the garage and airplane hangar for living space. A carport was added. Windows were modified so that the occupants could open and close them to control the internal environment. The interior is designed around a central staircase in the dodecagonal prism structure. Most rooms are wedge shaped.
Restoration efforts.
Restoration efforts on the House of Tomorrow House were started in 1997, with the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore and Indiana Landmarks searching for potential lessees to restore the building. As of 2011, the Park Service is once again looking for a long-term renter to complete the restoration of the property. The previous renter vacated the property after the restoration cost estimates exceeded previous budgeted amounts. The current restoration cost is estimated at $2 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19232473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232473" title="2 21 polytope">
2 21 polytope

In 6-dimensional geometry, the 221 polytope is a uniform 6-polytope, constructed within the symmetry of the E6 group. It was discovered by Thorold Gosset, published in his 1900 paper. He called it an 6-ic semi-regular figure.
Coxeter named it 221 by its bifurcating Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, with a single ring on the end of one of the 2-node sequences. He also studied its connection with the 27 lines on the cubic surface, which are naturally in correspondence with the vertices of 221.
The rectified 221 is constructed by points at the mid-edges of the 221. The birectified 221 is constructed by points at the triangle face centers of the 221, and is the same as the rectified 122.
These polytopes are a part of family of 39 convex uniform polytopes in 6-dimensions, made of uniform 5-polytope facets and vertex figures, defined by all permutations of rings in this Coxeter-Dynkin diagram: .
2_21 polytope.
The 221 has 27 vertices, and 99 facets: 27 5-orthoplexes and 72 5-simplices. Its vertex figure is a 5-demicube.
For visualization this 6-dimensional polytope is often displayed in a special skewed orthographic projection direction that fits its 27 vertices within a 12-gonal regular polygon (called a Petrie polygon). Its 216 edges are drawn between 2 rings of 12 vertices, and 3 vertices projected into the center. Higher elements (faces, cells, etc.) can also be extracted and drawn on this projection.
Coordinates.
The 27 vertices can be expressed in 8-space as an edge-figure of the 421 polytope:
Construction.
Its construction is based on the E6 group. 
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, .
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the 5-simplex, .
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the 5-orthoplex in its alternated form: (211), .
Every simplex facet touches an 5-orthoplex facet, while alternate facets of the orthoplex touch either a simplex or another orthoplex.
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes 5-demicube (121 polytope), .
Images.
Vertices are colored by their multiplicity in this projection, in progressive order: red, orange, yellow. The number of vertices by color are given in parentheses.
Geometric folding.
The 221 is related to the 24-cell by a geometric folding of the E6/F4 Coxeter-Dynkin diagrams. This can be seen in the Coxeter plane projections. The 24 vertices of the 24-cell are projected in the same two rings as seen in the 221. 
This polytope can tessellate Euclidean 6-space, forming the 222 honeycomb with this Coxeter-Dynkin diagram: .
Related polytopes.
The 221 is fourth in a dimensional series of semiregular polytopes. Each progressive uniform polytope is constructed vertex figure of the previous polytope. Thorold Gosset identified this series in 1900 as containing all regular polytope facets, containing all simplexes and orthoplexes.
Rectified 2_21 polytope.
The rectified 221 has 216 vertices, and 126 facets: 72 rectified 5-simplices, and 27 rectified 5-orthoplexes and 27 5-demicubes . Its vertex figure is a rectified 5-cell prism.
Construction.
Its construction is based on the E6 group and information can be extracted from the ringed Coxeter-Dynkin diagram representing this polytope: .
Removing the ring on the short branch leaves the rectified 5-simplex, .
Removing the ring on the end of the other 2-length branch leaves the rectified 5-orthoplex in its alternated form: t1(211), .
Removing the ring on the end of the same 2-length branch leaves the 5-demicube: (121), .
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed ring and ringing the neighboring ring. This makes rectified 5-cell prism, t1{3,3,3}x{}, .
Images.
Vertices are colored by their multiplicity in this projection, in progressive order: red, orange, yellow.

</doc>
<doc id="19232474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232474" title="Berlin Schönefeld Flughafen station">
Berlin Schönefeld Flughafen station

Berlin-Schönefeld Flughafen (also named simply as Berlin Schönefeld) is a railway station in Schönefeld next to Berlin-Schönefeld International Airport just outside Berlin. The station is served by the S-Bahn lines S9 and S45 as well as the "RegionalBahn".
History.
Berlin-Schönefeld railway station was built within 150 days and opened for the public on 10 July 1951 as part of the Berliner Außenring. 
On 26 February 1962 an additional platform was added and Schönefeld was connected to the Berlin S-Bahn.

</doc>
<doc id="19232491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232491" title="Frank Senn">
Frank Senn

Frank Colvin Senn (April 22, 1943, Buffalo, New York - ) is an American Lutheran pastor and liturgist. He served as pastor, 1990-2013, of Immanuel Lutheran Church in Evanston, Illinois.
Senn is still the current Senior of the Society of the Holy Trinity.

</doc>
<doc id="19232496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232496" title="Germain-François Poullain de Saint-Foix">
Germain-François Poullain de Saint-Foix

Germain-François Poullain de Saint-Foix (February 1698, Rennes - 25 August 1776) was a French writer and playwright.
Life.
He served with the musketeers until he was 36, distinguishing himself at Guastalla in 1734. He then left the army and purchased a post as "maître des eaux et forêts" in Rennes. He published his first comedy, "Pandore", in 1721 and from 1740 devoted himself entirely to writing, setting up in Paris and becoming a fashionable author there. He wrote 20 comedies in all.
In 1764 he was made historian of the ordre du Saint-Esprit. He was the brother of the jurist Auguste-Marie Poullain-Duparc.

</doc>
<doc id="19232499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232499" title="Put (card game)">
Put (card game)

Put is an English tavern trick-taking card game first recorded in the 16th century and later castigated by 17th century moralists as one of ill repute. It belongs to a very ancient family of card games and clearly relates to a group known as Trut, "Truque", also "Tru", and the South American game Truco. Its more elaborate version is the Spanish game of Truc, which is still much played in many parts of Southern France and Spain.
Analogy.
The name Put, pronounced ""u"", like the name of the English village of Putney, derives from "putting up your cards in cafe", if you do not like them, or from "putting each other to the shift".
"The Buck".
The game of Put appears in a "riddle", or acrostic, probably written by a Royalist in the thrilling interval between the resignation of Richard Cromwell on May 25, 1659 and the restoration of Charles II, crowned at Westminster Abbey on 23 April 1661. It expresses in enigmatical terms the designs and hopes of the King's adherents, under colour of describing a game of "Put". The initial letters of the seven verses are an anagram, and indicate the number of cards shared between the two players in the game. S, X, I, C, R, A, T, make SIX CART, or six cartes (six cards). Six cards, also, are expressly mentioned in the riddle itself, namely: "the Knave" (line 2), "a King" (3), "Heart" (5), "Trey", "Quarter" or quatre, and "the Buck" (7). "The Buck", probably one of the picture-cards, or the ace, inferior to "Trey", which is the best card in the game of put; therefore "Trey" comes "to pull down the Buck".
"X-pect no foul-plav; though I do play the Knave" 
"I-have a King at hand, yea, that I have:" 
"C-Cards be true, then the Game is mine." 
"R-ejoyce my heart, to see thee then repine." 
"A-that's lost, that's Cuckold's luck." 
"T-rey comes like Quarter, to pull down the Buck."
"The Buck" is an old English synonym for the Coarse Appellation, intended, no doubt, for a Puritan, or for the Puritan party. 
"Pulling down the Buck", is also an allusion to hunting.
The game.
The game of Put is played generally by two people, sometimes by three, and often by four, with a 52-card pack with cards ranking 3-2-A-K-Q-J-T-9-8-7-6-5-4 in each suit. The game is won by the first player to score 5 points over as many deals as necessary, or by the player who wins a majority of three tricks played in any deal.
The deal.
The player drawing the highest Put card (Three high, Four low) deals first, and the deal alternates. Shuffle thoroughly and deal three cards to each player in a clockwise mode, one at time. The turn to deal always passes to the left.
The play.
Tricks are played to unusual rules. Any card may be led, and the other player may also play any card: there is no need to follow suit and there are no trumps. The trick is taken by the higher card, and the winner of one trick leads to the next. If cards of equal rank are played e.g. two Threes, two Aces, or whatever, the trick is tied and belongs to neither player. In this case it is put to one side, and whoever led to it leads to the next.
If non-dealer throws up his cards, he loses 1 point; if he plays, and the dealer does not lay down another to him, he scores 1 point; but should the dealer either win the same, pass it, or lay down one of equal value, forming what is styled a tie, non-dealer is still at ease to Put, that is, play or not, and his opponent then only scores 1 point; then if both parties agree to go on, whoever wins all the tricks, or two out of three, scores 5 points, which is the game. If each player obtain one trick, and the third is a tie, then neither party scores.
Putting & Throwing.
Either player, when about to lead to a trick, may do one of three things:
Score.
The game is won outright, regardless of points scored, by the player who winds two tricks in a deal, or one trick if the other two are tied. If each player wins one trick and one trick it tied, the result is a draw by "trick and tie" and there is no score for that deal. If neither wins outright, the winner is the first player to score 5 points for concessions.
Notes.
It is obvious that neither player will reach 5 points, because as soon as he reaches 4 the other will have no incentive to concede. Having nothing to lose, he may as well play the hand out on the off-chance of winning outright. This is not necessarily a defect in the game, though there may be a defect (of omission) in the only original source from which all later accounts of the game derive. What it means, in effect, is that in the course of one game you have four chances of throwing your cards in without penalty the points are not a score so much as a way of keeping count of your used opportunities. Of course, you could agree that an outright win earns a double game or stake, and a win on points only a single, in which case they become a "score" rather that of a "count".
Considerable daring is necessary in this game, for a bold player will often "Put" upon very bad cards in order to tempt his adversary into giving him a point. Sometimes the hand is played with "Putting", when the winner of the three tricks, or of two out of three, scores 1 point. The best cards are first: the Three's, next the Two's, and then the Aces; the Kings, Queens, Knaves, and Tens following in order down to the Four, which is the lowest card in the pack.
Variants.
The game becomes more interesting if you shorten the pack to 32 cards by stripping out all the lower ranks from Four to Nine.
Put le Truc.
There is, indeed, an equivalent French game called le Truc-‘the Knack’, which is played with a 32-card pack ranking 6-7-A-K-Q-J-T. The winning of two tricks, or one and two ties, scores 1 point. However, each player may offer, or threaten, to double the value of the game when about to play to a trick, allowing the other to throw his hand in to prevent the double from taking effect. The first to reach 12 points wins the game, and the first to win tow games wins the rubber.
Speculation.
This is a lively and amusing round game, and is played with a pack of fifty-two cards, which rank in the same order as at Whist. Each player deposits a certain number of counters in the pool, from one to three, and the dealer double the number of the others. Three cards are dealt, one at a time, to each player, and one turned up for trumps, which the dealer may sell to any one who will purchase it, either before or after it is turned up. The highest trump card dealt out is entitled to take the pool, but the cards are not to be looked at except in this manner: The elder hand turns the uppermost of his three cards; if not trumps, or if lower than the dealer's turn-up, it is of course of no value: but if higher, he may sell it to any one who chooses to speculate, and the price offered should bear some proportion to the chance of the card being the best trump in the deal, and likewise to the number of counters in the pool. This is done by asking who will buy ; and if two or more offer a price, the seller of course accepts the highest bidder's offer, if he considers it adequate to the value of the card. If a sale is not effected, the next in hand turns the uppermost of his cards, and if it is a saleable png, proceeds to sell it as above described. When a, car4 is sold, it .is h? buyer, who places it before him, and .does HQt turn any of his remaining cards till a higher trump appears, his left-hand neighbor becoming eider hand, and turning the next card. In this way the playing goes on, till all the cards are turned, when, as before stated, the holder of the best trump, whether by purchase or otherwise, wins the pool.
When a good trump is turned by any of the party, he should be allowed time to sell it before another card is discovered. On turning knaves and fives of any suit, a counter is to be paid into the pool for each, by the possessor of the hand in which they happen to be.
It is customary to purchase cards before they are turned, when they happen to be among the last, and no high trump already discovered. Speculations are frequently profitable; but if you turn a good card, it is generally advisable to sell it if you can obtain a fair price, particularly if there are many cards to turn. A cautious player sometimes sells his hand before it is dealt, or before turning any of his cards, if he can get more for H than his stake in the pool.
This game is sometimes a little varied by dealing a spare hand, which is not to be looked at till all the hands are discovered, and if it should contain the best trump dealt, the pool remains for the next deal, in addition to the usual contributions of each player, thus doubling the amount.
Four-handed Put.
It differs only in that any two of the players give each his best card to his partner, who then lays out one of his, and the game is afterwards played as in two-handed Put.

</doc>
<doc id="19232500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232500" title="Wolfgang Herold">
Wolfgang Herold

Wolfgang Herold (born 24 October 1961) works as a film producer and sound supervisor.
He gained his first experience working with sound at the AFN TV and radio stations in Germany and created production music for his own publishing company. Wolfgang Herold has been giving films a "voice" since he founded his sound studios in Frankfurt/Main, Germany in 1988. The company first focused on advertising and music, but Herold Studios has since shifted its emphasis to mixing feature films. In 1993 Wolfgang Herold introduced the D.A.N. Digital Audio Network system, a new production form for sound studios that enabled voice recordings via digital phone lines (ISDN).
In 2001, he founded a film production company, Herold Productions GmbH, for concept development, co-financing, and co-production of international feature-length films. Its productions include Uwe Boll films such as Alone in the Dark, , and Far Cry. Wolfgang Herold is also active as a music supervisor and soundtrack producer. He won both gold and platinum awards for his collaboration with Nightwish for the soundtrack of Alone in the Dark.
Wolfgang Herold is member of the Deutsche Filmakademie e.V.
Awards.
Special Jury Prize of the Hessian Film Prize 2007 as Executive Producer of In the Name of the King - A Dungeon Siege Tale

</doc>
<doc id="19232507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232507" title="Karp-class submarine">
Karp-class submarine

The "Karp" class were a group of submarines built by Krupp Germaniawerft for the Imperial Russian Navy. The boats were ordered in the 1904 emergency programme as a result of the Russo-Japanese War. The design was a twin hull type with 7 ballast tanks and a 16 fathom (96 feet) diving limit. The boats were delivered late for the war and transferred to the Black Sea Fleet by rail in 1908. The design served as the prototype for the first German U-boat, "U-1", which was commissioned into the Imperial German Navy on 14 December 1906. The "U-1" has been preserved, and is currently on display at the Deutsches Museum in Munich.
"Kambala" sank in 1909. The reason and location of this sinking is unclear. Some reports have the submarine sinking near Kronstadt due to an erroneously opened valve while others have her sinking in an accidental collision with "Rostislav" near Sevastopol. It has even been suggested that she sank twice first near Kronstadt then after being salvaged was sunk again near Sevastopol.
In 1918 "Karp" and "Karas" were transferred to the Ukrainian State Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="19232541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232541" title="1997 Franklin Templeton Classic – Singles">
1997 Franklin Templeton Classic – Singles

Wayne Ferreira was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Jérôme Golmard.
Mark Philippoussis won in the final 6–4, 7–6(7–4) against Richey Reneberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19232568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232568" title="The Cherry Picker">
The Cherry Picker

The Cherry Picker is 1974 British drama film directed by Peter Curran and starring Lulu, Bob Sherman, Wilfrid Hyde-White, Patrick Cargill, Jack Hulbert, Fiona Curzon, Terry-Thomas and Marianne Stone. As of August 2010, the film is missing from the BFI National Archive, and is listed as one of the British Film Institute's "75 Most Wanted" lost films, despite the film not being lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19232571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232571" title="KNLV">
KNLV

KNLV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19232583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232583" title="Allied American University">
Allied American University

Allied American University (AAU) is a for-profit university located in Laguna Hills, California, that offers online learning degree and certificate programs. Allied American University was founded in 2008 and received national accreditation by the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC) in that same year. Presently, the university offers bachelor’s and associate degree programs in business administration, computer information systems, criminal justice, and general studies. Allied American University offers eight undergraduate degree programs and 27 certificate programs for career or skill enhancement. Since 2009, for the fourth consecutive year, G.I. Jobs magazine has ranked Allied American University as one of the top Military Friendly Schools, along with other top tier universities, trade schools, and colleges across the country.
History.
Allied American University is the higher education division of Allied Business Schools, Inc. (also known as Allied Schools). Allied Schools is a pioneer of online distance learning education, serving the distance education market since 1992 and online learning since 1996.
Since 2008, AAU has provided education programs for in-demand careers, preparing AAU graduates to be competitive in the employment market. The classroom student-to-teacher ratios are kept small (approximately 10:1) to provide for a more focused and effective learning environment.
Accreditation.
Allied American University is nationally accredited by the Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC). DETC is listed as a nationally-recognized accrediting agency under the U.S. Department of Education.
AAU is licensed to operate by the Bureau of Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE).
As of March 11th, 2013 Allied American University has been recognized as a Candidate for Accreditation by the Accrediting Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), 
985 Atlantic Avenue, #100, Alameda, CA 94501, 510-748-9001. This status is a preliminary affiliation with the Commission awarded for a maximum period of four years. Candidacy is an indication that the institution is progressing toward Accreditation. Candidacy is not Accreditation and does not ensure eventual Accreditation.

</doc>
<doc id="19232585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232585" title="Gura Sonigara">
Gura Sonigara

Gura Sonigara is a small village in Rajasthan, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19232587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232587" title="Lifeworks International">
Lifeworks International

Lifeworks International is an organization which offers community service based adventure programs during the Northern Hemisphere summertime to teenagers. Programs are run in the British Virgin Islands, Ecuador and the Galapagos, Thailand, China, Costa Rica, India, Peru and Australia. 
History.
Lifeworks International grew from the experience of its sister institutions, ActionQuest and Seamester, with a decided aim on global community service. After the events of September 11th, 2001, ActionQuest decided to develop a program aimed at service, which became Lifeworks International. 
Lifeworks ran its first programs in 2003 in the British Virgin Islands, Australia, and the Galapagos. In 2004, Lifeworks Thailand began, and in 2005, Lifeworks China and Costa Rica began. In 2010, Lifeworks expanded offerings to India and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="19232599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232599" title="Concourse House">
Concourse House

Concourse House was a 1960's high-rise tower block in the city of Liverpool, England, designed by architect Richard Seifert. The tower was used as a backdrop to the performance art piece La Princesse. The building was built in the 1960s but was demolished in 2009, together with the shops in front of Lime Street Railway Station as part of the Lime Street Gateway development scheme. 

</doc>
<doc id="19232618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232618" title="Israeli mafia">
Israeli mafia

The Israeli mafia is the general term for organized crime groups operating in Israel and also internationally. Allegedly there are 16 crime families operating in Israel, five major groups active on the national level, and 11 smaller organizations. There are reputed to be six Maghrebi Jewish crime families active and three Arab crime families. Many heads and members of the crime groups have either been killed or are in prison.
Organized crime in Israel.
The major crime groups are the Abergils, the Abutbuls, the Alperons, the Dumranis, the Shirazis, the Amir Molnar and Zeev Rosenstein syndicates. The illegal activities they are engaged in include:
According to Israel’s former Police Commissioner David Cohen, Israeli crime organizations had penetrated the formal economic sector and local governments, and “equipped themselves with large quantities of combat means explosives and arms.” In a mob war starting in the early 2000s between the crime families, several crime bosses were killed. It also cost the life of innocent bystanders.
Ex-Soviet organized crime.
Ex-Soviet organized crime in Israel began with the mass immigration of Russian Jews to Israel in 1989. The Russian mafia saw Israel as an ideal place to launder money, as Israel's banking system was designed to encourage aliyah, the immigration of Jews, and the accompanying capital. Following the trend of global financial deregulation, Israel had also implemented legislation aimed at easing the movement of capital. Combined with the lack of anti-money laundering legislation, "Russian" organised crime found it an easy place to transfer ill-gotten gains. In 2005, police estimated that Russian organised crime had laundered between $5 and 10 billion in the fifteen years since the end of the Soviet Union. Even non-Jewish criminals such as Sergei Mikhailov, sought to get an Israeli passport, using fake Jewish documentation.
Russian and Ukrainian Jewish criminals have also been able to set up networks in the USA, following the large migration of Russian Jews to New York and Miami, but also in European cities such as Berlin and Antwerp. Many of these "Russian" gangsters have Israeli passports as well. Infamous Russian-Jewish mobsters include Marat Balagula, Evsei Agron and their respective criminal gangs in the USA. In Europe Semyon Mogilevich and Boris Nayfeld are well-known crime bosses, among others. Soviet-Jewish criminal groups in the USA are involved in racketeering, prostitution, drug trafficking, extortion, gasoline fraud as well as murder.
Georgian-Jewish organized crime.
Outside of said criminal organizations consisting of Russian and Ukrainian Jews, family-based organized crime groups were formed among Georgian Jewish immigrants as well. Georgian-Jewish crime families have been able to expand their operations to Western European cities such as Antwerp. They are involved in counterfeiting, fraud, money laundering, drug trafficking, weapon trafficking, prostitution and armed robbery. Such was the case with the Georgian-Jewish Melikhov clan in Antwerp.
North-African crime families.
The immigration of Egyptian and Moroccan Jews to Israel and their settlement in the more impoverished neighborhoods led to the creation of crime families among Maghrebi Jews as well. This is evident in the fact that a large number of "Israeli" organized criminals have fled to Morocco in recent years. Israeli crime families of Moroccan Jewish descent expanded their operations to Europe and the USA, especially with their involvement in drug trafficking. Some of Israel's more well-known crime families are of North African Jewish descent: the Abergil crime family as well as the Abutbul and Domrani clans are originally from Morocco while the Alperon clan came from Egypt.
Palestinian organized crime.
Apart from the largely ex-Soviet and North African Jewish crime families, Palestinian organized crime groups (a fair amount are in fact of Bedouin descent) were formed as well. It is alleged that several Palestinian villages are home to local crime families, the most famous of them being the Doghmush clan. Palestinian crime families are involved in extortion, drug and weapon trafficking, fraud as well as money laundering, often in cooperation with their Jewish counterparts. Palestinian criminals are internationally active as well. An example was the criminal gang around Moussa Aliyan in New York whose main business was the importation of heroin.
The Israeli mafia in the United States.
In the 1980s Israelis set up a crime syndicate headed by Johnny Attias in New York, dubbed the “Israeli mafia”. It pulled off the biggest gold heist in the history of Manhattan's jewellery district, getting away with over $4 million in gold jewellery. Attias was murdered in January 1990, and New York's Israeli mafia fell apart soon after. Several members among them Ron Gonen had turned informant and the authorities arrested the rest of the gang in September of that year.
Israeli crime organizations such as the Abergil crime family and Zeev Rosenstein are heavily involved in ecstasy trafficking in the United States. In a statement before Congress in 2000, officials with the U.S. Customs Service noted that "Israeli organized-crime elements appear to be in control" of the multibillion-dollar U.S. ecstasy trade, "from production through the international smuggling phase". The main drug supplier of former Gambino crime family underboss Sammy Gravano in his Arizona drug ring allegedly was New York based Israeli mobster Ilan Zarger, who allegedly distributed more than one million ecstasy pills from May 1999 to May 2000 with a wholesale value of $7 million. He pleaded guilty to charges of running a drug gang that flooded Arizona and New York with almost four million ecstasy pills over three years. Another Israeli, Oded Tuito, said to head one of the largest ecstasy-smuggling organization, which imported millions of ecstasy pills from Paris, Brussels and Frankfurt into New York, Miami and Los Angeles, was arrested in May 2001.
In 2006 Zeev Rosenstein was extradited to the U.S., after being arrested in Israel. He pleaded guilty before a federal court in Florida to charges that he distributed ecstasy pills and was sentenced to 12 years in prison which he serves in Israel. In January 2011, Itzhak (Itzik) Abergil and Meir Abergil and three other suspects were extradited to the U.S.
They are facing a 77-page, 32-count federal indictment that alleges murder, massive embezzlement, money laundering, racketeering and running a large Los Angeles-based ecstasy ring. The trial is set for November 8, 2011 in the Los Angeles Federal District Court.

</doc>
<doc id="19232646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232646" title="Protea lepidocarpodendron">
Protea lepidocarpodendron

Protea lepidocarpodendron, the black bearded sugarbush, is a bearded "Protea" that is placed in the section "Speciosae". It grows between one and 2 m tall, with narrowly oblong leaves. Flowerheads are oblong with a purple-black beard and black hairs below the beard. It typically grows in sandstone, fericrete and granite soils in the Western Cape from Cape Town to Kleinmond. It is near-threatened.

</doc>
<doc id="19232686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232686" title="Cedar Island (Clinton, Connecticut)">
Cedar Island (Clinton, Connecticut)

Cedar Island is a former island in Long Island Sound belonging to the town of Clinton, Connecticut in Middlesex County, Connecticut. Currently the island is a peninsula attached to Hammonasset State Park in Madison, CT due to the filling of the strait in a public works project to improve flow of the Hammonasset River through Clinton Harbor.
Physical description.
The average elevation is at high tide; low tide can add . 
The island measures one and a half miles long by a quarter-mile wide and lies about a quarter of a mile from Clinton Harbor. It has about 54 houses and summer cottages (mostly built before 1950). Many have piers for boats and fishing. The normal summertime population of the island is between 100 and 150 people.
The undeveloped western two-thirds of the island form one of the few unimproved areas of shoreline along the Connecticut coast. Notable vegetation includes Salt marsh and Salt meadow cord grasses ("Spartina species") Beach plum (Prunus maritima ), Cape Cod rose (Rosa rugosa), and Juniper trees that are referred to locally as "Cedars" ( (Juniperus virginiana). Abundant bird life is also present on the island. Protected nesting areas for the Piping Plover (Charadrius melodus) are provided in the spring. The American Oystercatcher (Haematopus palliatus) is frequently viewed along with the Osprey (Pandion haliaetus) and other sea birds common to Long Island Sound shore.
Amenities.
The island does not have grid electricity or telephones, the sole exception being a solar powered telephone on the town dock connected directly to the Clinton Police Department for emergencies. Many of the houses and cottages use propane for heat and hot water, while some also have solar power. 
The island is serviced by a public water supply, and the water system serving the homes is seasonal. A permanent water line has been installed to the island providing year round fire protection from a single hydrant. The project was completed over budget amid allegations of embezzlement.
Transportation.
All transportation to and from the island is by boat. There is no airstrip or bridge, and foot travel via Hammonasset is possible but difficult due to the salt marsh conditions. 
The closest port is Cedar Island Marina, approximately a quarter mile north. 
There are five roads on the island, forming a rough sideways "figure 8" pattern. Hammonasett Avenue and Central Avenue run roughly east-west. Wigwam Street, Indian Street and Fort Lane run roughly north-south. The roads cannot handle vehicle traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="19232703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232703" title="KOAC (AM)">
KOAC (AM)

KOAC (550 AM) is a radio station licensed to Corvallis, Oregon. The station is owned by Oregon Public Broadcasting, and airs OPBs news and talk programming, consisting of syndicated programming from NPR, APM and PRI, as well as locally-produced offerings.
KOAC (AM) is the only directional AM radio station in the United States which uses a shunt-fed antenna.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19232717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232717" title="Almost Unplugged">
Almost Unplugged

Almost Unplugged is a live album by the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It was released on CD on 17 September 2008 and on DVD on 19 August 2009.
The album was recorded at Nalen, a venue in Stockholm on 26 January 2008. The band was accompanied by a string quartet and played reworked versions of its own songs, as well as cover versions of songs by bands that have influenced Europe's sound over the years – Pink Floyd, UFO, Led Zeppelin and Thin Lizzy. The album debuted on the Swedish Album Chart at number 26, and went to number 23 the following week.
The album is dedicated to Michelle Meldrum, John Norum's late wife, who died on 21 May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19232718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232718" title="1902 Open Championship">
1902 Open Championship

The 1902 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Royal Liverpool Golf Club. Sandy Herd won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232723" title="Erie Yacht Club">
Erie Yacht Club

About.
Established in 1895, the Erie Yacht Club, is a private club located on the shore of Presque Isle Bay in Erie, Pennsylvania. The purpose of the Erie Yacht Club is to maintain, develop, and enlarge the facilities for yachting and boating, to encourage and develop yachting and other aquatic sports, to promote social recreational activities. To improve yachting and boating facilities at the Erie Yacht Club basin and in the area of the Erie Harbor generally.
Early History.
On September 14, 1894, George T. Bliss, who served as Erie Yacht Club's Commodore from 1895-1903 and again from 1908-1910, sent out about fifty circulars, information forms and return envelopes to interested parties concerning, "a boating club in Erie that will take all kinds of boats."
His broadside calling for the founding of a club included his proposition that the club would have to have a clubhouse plus a low building to keep sculls, small boat, and equipment. There were many interested "Erieites" among the first to respond, so much so, that a second circular was sent out on September 20, 1894, calling for a meeting on September 20, 1894.
The organizational meeting was held in the Writing Room of the Reed House on North Park Row. The initial meeting was well attended. Forty-eight were on hand and seventeen names were sent in to the proper committee, so the organization started off with practically 65 names on the roll. While the name did not survive, Bliss originally proposed that the club be called the Keystone Yacht Club.
By October, 137 individuals had applied for membership. The first regular meeting was scheduled for November 14 at the Reed house. It was announced that "no charter member will have a vote unless he has paid at least $5 of the initiation, which is $15." All persons becoming members after January 1, 1895, were to be "charged $20 initiation fee and $5 semi-annual dues."
At this point it was time to fish or cut bait. In his May 1896, article in The Rudder, Bliss laconically noted that: "Meetings were held that were well attended until money was suggested. We couldn't get a corporal's guard together for weeks. But we kept at it, and finally on Wednesday, Nov. 14, 1894, the organization was effected." The first officers elected to serve the club were George T. Bliss (Commodore), George Berriman (Vice Commodore), C.C. Wicks (Rear Commodore), E.B. Lynch (Secretary) and Walter Reitzel, (Treasurer). The first members elected to the board of directors were: George Pratt, Charles H. Strong, William Nick, W. Boyd Hays, William P. Atkinson and W. J. Robertson.
The first order of business was to select a site for the new club. The City of Erie leased water lots to the Club at the foot of Myrtle Street, east of what is now the Erie Water Authority Building. After several months of work on the bidding process and construction the Erie Yacht Club's first building was dedicated on July 18, 1895. It was a beautiful two-story building with outdoor decks on the north and west side. Considerations given the ladies were a special entrance so that "they do not have to pass through the house," and the prohibition of liquor. As Bliss wrote in The Rudder: "We allow no liquor to be used or partaken of on or about the premises. This does not prohibit its being left at the club for boat owners, and being taken aboard the boats. We adopted this last rule as an experiment, and it works to perfection."
The fleet at the new anchorage included: Mystic, and three other small steamers, four naptha launches, three large center board sloops, four schooners, three yawls, three small sloops, two canoes, two shells and an eight oared shell. One of the latter was the Miriam, M, built and owned by W.L. Morrison, one of the Club's members who achieved considerable boating fame. The Miriam's anchor is displayed in the traffic circle near our present club's entrance.
By the turn of the century, things began to change. The gasoline engine was powering launches previously driven by naphtha. Mostly crude two-cylinder affairs, they were temperamental and had a decided influence in changing the vocabulary of owners. For Club members, "gasoline was delivered in five gallon cans from wagons at ten cents a gallon and no tax."
Gasoline also led people away from the water. Judge Emory A. Walling was to note that there were many who were attracted "to the modern craze for bicycles and automobiles." The Club directors did everything possible to counteract this trend. They got a permit from the Coast Guard "to pull yachts out" in the winter at Crystal Point on Misery Bay where the Perry Monument was later built.
In addition, social events were established. The Club archives record one member's observation that in l900, the Club "had a social urge and rented Tracy's Point", a hotel built on the site of the present Erie Water Authority Sommerheim Pumping Station. Erie Yacht Club Station No. 1, as it was known, was the focus of many social events for members and their families. Transportation was by bus, trolley car or by the motor launch, Dandy of Erie, which was termed by Bliss, "a little dude of a steam launch." The docks were repaired and the buildings painted, and the refurbished country club "became a very popular rendezvous." It burned in the winter of 1901-1902, although not all members mourned the loss. One chronicler wrote: "It was not a fundamental success and fortunately the building burned before the members drank themselves to death."
However, the short life of Station No. 1 pointed out the need for a larger facility. The Anchorage, as the Clubhouse at the foot of Myrtle Street was known, had become too small for the Club's needs, and plans were begun to replace it with something larger. The need became more critical as the newspapers reported that the Water Supply Commission was going to reclaim the water lots used by the Club to expand the Water Works.
New Location.
In 1917, Commodore Henri G. Chatain negotiated with Mr. J. A. Root, president of the Kahkwa Park Realty Company, Inc., for the last remaining property on the waterfront. In a letter dated March 21, 1917, Root proposed to donate the land "west of the ravine and below the cliff" in Kahkwa Parkto the Erie Yacht Club. In return, the Club was to pay $5,000 towards the road work and maintain the walls and the slope of the ravine without "marring the natural beauty of the surrounding lands."
With the land secured and permission granted from the Water Supply Commission of Pennsylvania "to construct a dock, retaining wall and fill" on the south shore of Presque Isle Bay, construction began. The location posed difficulties from the beginning. The beach area was made marshy by a stream which ran down the ravine. Until the creek was controlled, no road could be built, and it was necessary to lower materials by block and tackle.
Construction was made more difficult by the breach at the neck of Presque Isle (which remained open until 1920) and theUnited States ' declaration of war on April 6, 1917. However, "the original clubhouse was torn down and E.H. Scott used his yacht, Roamer, to tow much of the lumber to the new location." Commodore Chatain headed a work crew which built the first road down the hill, while a temporary Clubhouse was built by Herman Lund with the help of a number of members at the south end of the newly constructed west dock. Still in use, the Canoe House now houses the office of the Dockmaster and the Junior Sailing Classroom. The members constructed a stiff-legged derrick permitting launching and retrieval of their boats.
However, a proper Clubhouse awaited construction. Plans and specifications for a three-story building "to be done in a first-class, neat and workman-like manner" were drawn up by architect Clement S. Kirby. Kirchner Brothers submitted the winning bid for construction at $17,000, and Oscar Nick won the plumbing contract. Although they had initial problems securing payment, eventually both were paid.
The season of 1919 began under difficulties, with access to the club almost barred by muddy roads, the grounds themselves a veritable mud hole, and buildings still under construction. In spite of the open Winter and Spring, boat owners were laggard about getting their craft into the water, and the confusion and disorder of construction work made itself felt until well into the season.
But finally, buildings were finished, moorings installed, docks and piers constructed, grounds graded, drained, and seeded, driveway parking spaces paved and walks laid out. The marine railway was constructed, tennis courts built, a club spar erected, and later a locker house extant built upon a flooring laid down as a temporary dancing pavilion. Lights, signs, screens and a hundred other refining details followed in their place, and the club was finally in shape barely in time for the formal opening on August 22, 1919.
On September 30, Commodore E.H. Scott and the membership closed the season with "a monster clambake", confident in their preparations for hosting the I.L.Y.A. Regatta in 1920. Less than one month later (October 28), the United States embarked upon a novel - and ultimately unsuccessful - experiment known as Prohibition. As long-time Club secretary and historian George O. Loesel wrote: "Prohibition reared its ugly head . . . and Mr. Booze was no longer the money maker thus considerable revenue was denied the club."
The "Roaring Twenties", replete with gambling, prostitution, rum-running (a profitable alternative enterprise) and bootlegging "bath-tub gin", had enormous impact. John G. Carney in his, Highlights of Erie Politics, said that the "only dry thing in Erie was the inside of a light bulb." However, the Erie Yacht Club, like the rest of the country was officially dry.
The country club atmosphere of the new facility led to a broader membership base and activities. The Club went beyond the "manly sports" of sailing, power boat racing, ice boating, fishing and hunting, and placed recreation in a broader context. Ice skating, tobogganing, quoits, ground bowling, tennis and beach golf were available to members and their families. The new facility had a restaurant and an outdoor grill, a trap-shooting range, quoit grounds, two tennis courts and areas set aside for ground bowling and beach golf. Card parties and regularly scheduled bridge sessions, dances and Saturday night parties and dances became regular features of the Club.
Hard Times.
The good times ended in 1929. Winter storms ravaged Presque Isle and the bay shore, and October was to bring the stock market crash inaugurating the Great Depression. One writer recalled:
We have had some bad storms but none to compare with the one in 1929, which broke up our docks and front porch and carried them down the bay. A large gasoline tank in the ground broke free and was destroyed. This tragedy came close to finishing the Club, for it was the year of the "Big Depression" and both members and money were scarce. Commodore Lawrence M. Nagle determined that the Club should be saved and proceeded to purchase at his own expense all of the large planks from the Old Boston Store which was being dismantled. These were brought to the Club, and Jerry Johnson and Joe Meisel were hired to rebuild porch and docks. Mr. Nagle also paid these men, since there was no money in the Club treasury.
The membership roster was severely reduced, and "members dropped like flies." At the Annual Meeting of 1932, membership and morale were so low that only 12 people showed up. They met in the upstairs Dining Room, where there was a fireplace, so that they would not have to fire up the boiler.
Low membership was only one problem. Lake Erie was at one of its lowest levels ever. The water in 1931, according to Loesel, was "as low as a snake's belly". It was the determined intervention of the Harbor Commission and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to save yachting in the bay, which led to the state - "at its own expense" - to deepen the channel leading to the boat cranes.
Despite the literal and figurative low water, the Erie Yacht Club survived. Club members were among the founding fathers of the Erie Chapter of the Power Squadron. Races and regattas still went on, and social events were revived by the end of the decade as a measure of economic stability came to the Club. These activities continued until the United Statesbecame involved in World War II on December 7, 1941.
The war slowed, but did not stop, Club activities. Gas rationing placed a particular burden on power-boat owners who could not get fuel for pleasure craft, which were deemed to be "non-essential" to the war effort. Most owners laid up their boats "for the duration", although a number of power boat owners volunteered themselves and their boats for the local Coast Guard Auxiliary Flotilla.
Sailboats took advantage of the non-rationed zephyrs. Although a number of sailboat races were cancelled because of lack of crew, many of the small boat races were held because the younger sailors were too young for the draft which sent members to war in both the European and Pacific theaters. The war ended in 1945, the same year that the Erie Yacht Club celebrated "a half Century of sport, achievement, and good fellowship in the glorious tradition of YACHTING!"
Recovery.
The post-war period brought boom times to the Erie Yacht Club. The war had kept plans for membership and improvements on hold. Membership expanded dramatically, but low yearly budgets meant that improvements were minor and upgrading was piecemeal. The gas tank was painted blue and white, a concrete foundation along with steps was added to the Clubhouse, new lamp posts, new faucets in the lavatories and telephone lines to the west dock all marked progress. In addition, the basins were deepened and docks increased in number, so that 1954 could accommodate 200 boats. New catwalks were installed with all wooden docks replaced by 1955. But, the Clubhouse was jury-rigged and replacements were beginning to show wear. Despite paint and polish, the situation was becoming critical.
But, adversity had a bright side. On Memorial Day, 1953, a "Monsoon Flood" disrupted Opening Day ceremonies which were underway. The sewer viaduct, which crosses the road halfway up the ravine road, broke without warning sending tons of mud and debris down the road and into the parking lot. Those at the Club were trapped by the mudslide. Some left by boat, but many seized the opportunity as a perfect excuse for an extended Club party. It was two days before cars could get up the hill.
Growth.
By 1954, Club growth was such that the basins were deepened and docks increased in number so that 200 boats could be accommodated. The Clubhouse was renovated and plans were initiated for the building of another Clubhouse and rearrangement of Club grounds. At this time, a master plan was developed for future facilities, as the Club had grown beyond the size, which permitted piecemeal decisions. The docks were expanded in 1959 and again in 1965. In 1967, plans were finalized and fund-raising began for the new Clubhouse. Commodore William Ambro and the Bridge Officers conducted the groundbreaking ceremonies in January 1968, marking a new chapter for the Erie Yacht Club. Dedication of the new Clubhouse was held on October 5, 1968, with lavish festivities presided over by the master of dedication, the Honorable Raymond Shafer, Governor of Pennsylvania.
Following the master plan, fill was obtained and new docks were built, which increased the basin area to triple that in use previously. New slips with steel catwalks were added, bulkheads secured the dock fill and additional boat-handling facilities were added. As of 1999, the basin capacity was approximately 400 boats.
In July 1978, Commodore Richard Waller presided over a Mortgage Burning Celebration attended by an enthusiastic membership. The next year, the Club was given a long-overdue remodeling necessitated by the "bare bones" approach taken in building the new Clubhouse. For the Bridge and Board, however, major expenditures were strictly watched because of the shadow of uncertainty surrounding the title to the land.
Efforts to acquire the land involved long, painstaking negotiations. The sale was discussed in 1979, and again in 1980 with the Erie-Western Pennsylvania Port Authority. The issue was a crucial one for future Club development, as the EYC had signed a fifty-year lease with the Erie-Western Pennsylvania Port Authority in 1963. Negotiations continued from 1979 to 1985 with no progress reported, and the Club was "in a limbo situation until received a forthcoming response." The Long-Range Planning Committee kept the focus on the land as the "first priority" and the Bridge and Board worked to effect a solution.
Ownership.
After the 1985 Annual Meeting, newly elected Rear Commodore G. "Gib" Loesel approached Commodore James Owen about his "contact" in City Hall, as his partner was advising Mayor Louis J. Tullio on insurance matters. Owen and Loesel negotiated with the Mayor and struck a deal for the purchase at a price of $550,000. At the May 24, 1986, Special Meeting, the membership voted 272-1 to purchase the property. Because of a lawsuit inaugurated by a member of City Council, the property closing was held up until February 9, 1987, at which time Commodore M. Roy Strausbaugh acquired the title on behalf of the EYC.
With ownership came a new master plan, which required major changes to the Clubhouse and to the yacht basin. The plan was defeated at a special membership meeting in 1991. In 1992, Commodore Robert H. Allshouse and his Bridge presented a modified plan, which called for major renovations to the Clubhouse only. The grill room used for casual dining was expanded to included a non-smoking lower level, the addition of a 45 seat private dining room named after our first commodore, George Bliss and a ballroom that accommodates 175. The plan was ratified by the membership and construction started in the winter of 1993. The construction went smoothly with the club closed for only 4 weeks. Commodore Ronald Busse dedicated the newly renovated Clubhouse in the spring of 1993.
Centennial.
With the 100th anniversary of the Club on the horizon in 1995, Commodore Allshouse appointed Fleet Captain John Ashby as chairman of the newly created Centennial Committee, with the assignment to raise money for and plan all of the centennial events.
The Centennial year started off with a bang, opening with a weekend Winter Carnival, which concluded with a fireworks display, designed specifically for the Club and its celebration of 100 years. In May, the Club had its official Centennial Ball. Due to the anticipated attendance, the gala was held in Rainbow Gardens rather than the Clubhouse. This evening of continuous entertainment and music was a formal event attended by more than 500 members and guests.
During the summer, the Club held the largest-ever Family Picnic, bringing hundreds of families together for a day full of fun. Another jumbo event of the summer was the Club's raft-up. Staged immediately to the north of the basin, members circled their boats around floats "EYC" & "100". As no centennial celebration would have been complete without stories of the past, an Old Timers' Night was scheduled to professionally record and preserve the oral history and traditions of the EYC. This well-attended event allowed younger members to hear "sea stories" of the old (and not so old) days.
In the fall, the Centennial Committee arranged for first-ever Oktoberfest. This event proved to be so popular that it has now become an annual Club event. The year concluded with the burying of a time capsule, in the "round about" located just inside the Club gates. This capsule will be opened at the 200th anniversary celebrations of the Club.
To this day the Erie Yacht Club continues the traditions set forth by the Club's founding members to promote, encourage and develop activities associated with yachting and yachting activities. With a roster of over 1,300 members, the Erie Yacht Club is one of the largest and oldest privately owned clubs on the Great Lakes.
Reciprocity.
Like most yacht clubs on the Lake Erie, the Erie Yacht Club is a member of the Inter-Lake Yachting Association, which provides reciprocal privileges between members of many other yacht clubs. The Erie Yacht Club has reciprocal relationships with most accredited yacht clubs and is happy to host their visiting members. When reciprocal members wish to visit the Club, they must show their membership card from their Club which confirms that they are a member in good standing and are eligible to be granted guest privileges. 
The Erie Yacht Club is also a member of the Yachting Club of America and offers reciprocity with their members as well.
References.
Allshouse, R. H. (Ed.). (1996). A centennial history of the erie yacht club. Erie, PA: Erie Yacht Club Publications

</doc>
<doc id="19232730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232730" title="1903 Open Championship">
1903 Open Championship

The 1903 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Prestwick Golf Club. Harry Vardon won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232734" title="Albany Park, St Andrews">
Albany Park, St Andrews

Albany Park (or The Gatty) is a small residential area owned by the University of St Andrews completed in 1973. It is situated on the East Sands Beach on the road out of town to the East Neuk of Fife, Scotland. It is around twenty minutes' walk from the town centre of St Andrews.
Brief history.
Albany Park was originally conceived as an accommodation complex for older students looking for more independence than traditional halls of residence. Its aim was to replicate the feel of living in private accommodation.
Albany Park Life.
The majority of social events throughout the year are organised by the Albany Park committee, such as Freshers' Week or the annual Albany Park Ball. Albany Park has a reputation across the university for its parties and friendly atmosphere. Albany Park is in close proximity to the East Sands beach. In 2008, a warden was brought back after many years of absence to maintain a high standard of care of the students, especially as in recent years Albany Park has started admitting First Years. However, this decision was met with controversy by the students.
Facilities.
Albany Park is a collection of 68 student houses. There are 12 x 4 person, 4 x 6 person flats and 12 x 2 person flats allocated to postgraduates. The rest of Albany Park comprises 6 person houses which are allocated to undergraduates. Each postgraduate flat has either 4 or 6 single bedrooms, a sitting/dining/kitchen area and a shower and toilet. The showers in two ground floor flats are designed for wheelchair access. Undergraduate accommodation is in houses for 6 with a kitchen/dining room with cooker and fridge freezer, a common room, 6 single study bedrooms, a shower and 2 WCs and one house for 4 with a twin, two single bedrooms and a kitchen/dining room. There is laundry and a computer room on the complex.
In 2008 a common room, second laundry room, and new cycle shelter were added.
Noise.
Albany Park houses are not designed to limit the spread of noise. Noise sometimes passes through the walls and floors.

</doc>
<doc id="19232737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232737" title="1904 Open Championship">
1904 Open Championship

The 1904 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Royal St George's Golf Club. Jack White won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232752" title="1905 Open Championship">
1905 Open Championship

The 1900 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. James Braid won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232759" title="1906 Open Championship">
1906 Open Championship

The 1906 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Muirfield. James Braid won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232763" title="KOEL">
KOEL

KOEL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19232765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232765" title="Pietro Chiari">
Pietro Chiari

Abbot Pietro Chiari (; 25 December 1712 - 31 August 1785) was an Italian playwright, novelist and librettist.
Life.
Chiari was born and died in Brescia. He was a Jesuit until leaving the order in 1747. From 1747 to 1762 he was court poet of Duke Francis III of Modena, in Venice, although not at the public cost. During this period he wrote nearly 60 comedies, which from 1761 or earlier often brought him into conflict with his rival Goldoni. With a deep hatred for the style of Molière, Chiari made "comédie larmoyante" fashionable in Italy under the name "commedia fiebile". He also edited the "Gazzetta Veneta" from 1761 to 1762, when he returned to his birthplace to spend his final years.

</doc>
<doc id="19232766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232766" title="G. William Skinner">
G. William Skinner

George William Skinner (; February 14, 1925 – October 26, 2008) was a leading American anthropologist and scholar of China. He often referred to his approach as "regional analysis," and taught the use of maps as a key class of data in ethnography.
Early life.
Skinner was born on February 14, 1925, in Oakland, California. His father, John James Skinner was a pharmacologist and his mother, Eunice Engle Skinner, taught music and became the director of music education for the Berkeley school system. Skinner spent two years at Deep Springs College, a small college founded to educate small cohorts of young men into the life of the mind in a self-sufficient, disciplined manner. After Deep Springs, he joined the Navy V-12 Program in 1943, then attended the U.S. Navy Oriental Language School for 18 months at the University of Colorado, Boulder, where he studied Chinese. In 1946, Skinner headed for Cornell University to complete his B.A. degree. He graduated in the following year with his B.A. (with distinction) in Far Eastern studies, and remained there for his Ph.D. in anthropology (1954) under the supervision of Lauriston Sharp.
Academic career.
Skinner’s first job was as instructor in sociology at Cornell in 1949. Between 1951 and 1955, he was field director of the Cornell Southeast Asia Program, then a research associate at Cornell. He became assistant professor of anthropology at Columbia University in 1958. Two years later, Skinner was hired back at Cornell as associate professor and then promoted to full professor in 1962 — an unusually fast track to that status. In 1965, he left for Stanford University, moving again in 1990 to the University of California, Davis, which had hired his wife, China historian Susan L. Mann. Skinner retired from teaching in 2005 but maintained an active research program until his death three years later.
Research.
Perhaps his best-known influence on Chinese Studies was his delineation of the Physiographic macroregions of China. His papers and maps are archived in the library collections of Harvard, Cornell, the University of Washington, and Fudan University.
Publications.
Books and monographs
Articles and book chapters

</doc>
<doc id="19232770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232770" title="1907 Open Championship">
1907 Open Championship

The 1907 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Royal Liverpool Golf Club. Arnaud Massy won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232777" title="1908 Open Championship">
1908 Open Championship

The 1908 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Prestwick Golf Club. James Braid won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232787" title="1909 Open Championship">
1909 Open Championship

The 1909 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Royal Cinque Ports Golf Club. John Henry Taylor won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232798" title="1910 Open Championship">
1910 Open Championship

The 1910 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. James Braid won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232804" title="1911 Open Championship">
1911 Open Championship

The 1911 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Royal St George's Golf Club. Harry Vardon won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232806" title="Robert Kelleher">
Robert Kelleher

Robert "Bob" Kelleher (March 30, 1923 – May 29, 2011), of Butte, Montana, was an attorney, and was the 2008 Republican Party candidate for the United States Senate. A colorful figure and perennial candidate, he served in elective office during the 1972 Montana Constitutional Convention. He ran for numerous political offices on various party tickets, including those of the Democratic Party and the Green Party.
Kelleher espoused a mix of liberal and conservative political views. He was best known for advocating that the United States adopt a Parliamentary system of government. He was a strong pro-life advocate, and also favored single-payer health care. Starting in 1964, Kelleher ran for public office a total of 16 times, including a bid for the Presidency in 1976, where he made the ballot in New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Georgia. He previously was a major party nominee, on the Democratic party ticket, for the U.S. House of Representatives in the former Montana District 2 ("Eastern District") in 1968.
In June, 2008, he won a surprise victory in a five-way primary election on the Republican ticket to be chosen as the nominee to face incumbent U.S. Senator Max Baucus. It was his second run against Baucus, whom he also challenged in the 2002 Senate race on the Green party ticket (2.3%). He also ran for the U.S. Senate in 1988. Despite being snubbed by his party and receiving no funding, he got 27% of the vote against Baucus, comparable to his predecessor, Mike Taylor, in 2002.
Kelleher died May 29, 2011, in Billings, Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="19232817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232817" title="1912 Open Championship">
1912 Open Championship

The 1912 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Muirfield. Ted Ray won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232827" title="1913 Open Championship">
1913 Open Championship

The 1913 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Royal Liverpool Golf Club. John Henry Taylor won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232831" title="1914 Open Championship">
1914 Open Championship

The 1914 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Prestwick Golf Club. Harry Vardon won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19232866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232866" title="Center for Sustainable Enterprise">
Center for Sustainable Enterprise

The Center for Sustainable Enterprise (CSE) is one of four academic and research centers at the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) Stuart School of Business (SSB) in the city of Chicago. The CSE has created a platform to convene the many disciplinary facets of the IIT colleges with business, community and government stakeholders in focused initiatives dedicated to making Chicago a sustainable city. 
History.
The CSE was founded in 2000 and operates with funding on a project-by-project basis. The center has also hosted numerous seminars on environmental and sustainability issues, as well as several national and international conferences. 
Projects conducted by the CSE have included a form of life cycle analysis for a small Chicago company manufacturing floor maintenance products, a geographic information system (GIS) research project for two subsidiaries of Exelon, and a life cycle assessment (LCA) on a new product for S. C. Johnson. 
In 2006, the Center for Sustainable Enterprise became a founding member of the Chicago Sustainable Business Alliance (CSBA), a 150-member organization dedicated to sustainability and sustainable networking in the city of Chicago.
Mission.
The primary mission of the CSE is the identification, development, communication and implementation of practical and equitable business strategies that advance the ecological sustainability of the greater Chicago area. 
By expanding on traditional business and enterprise models, the center has developed strategies that look beyond conventional metrics and engage the entire business in valuing and enhancing the capital of its enterprise.
The CSE developed a tool called ‘’total asset management’’ which analyses financial, physical, human and natural forms of capital. By incorporating this concept, businesses can assess and align the capital that they directly affect or influence and create a path forward into a more sustainable future. Envisioning new paradigms that appreciate all these forms of capital creates added value for the company. 
Another tool created by the CSE, ‘’the comprehensive enterprise models’’ helps businesses and communities, represented by both and government and non-government organizations, rethink their relationships and construct a more balanced and sustainable paradigm.
Principal activities.
While specific projects depend on the interests of participants, the community and funding support, the CSE performs the following activities:
Initiatives.
As part of its purpose of expanding on traditional business and enterprise models, the center has participated in several projects and initiatives with small companies, local government, and other corporations. 
Continuing Educational Programs.
As part of its educational outreach program, the center offers seminars for universities and colleges focusing on curriculum development and collaboration for small to medium enterprises with a focus on team development, and for large corporations with a focus on functional area leaders. 
Wind Turbine.
In 2003 the center installed a highly efficient small wind turbine on a temporary basis in front of the Field Museum of Natural History, located in Chicago, to validate wind tunnel performance data. The turbine will demonstrate how it can provide a supplemental-energy system for the metropolitan areas. 
Remote Hybrid Unit.
The CSE is collaborating with a local Chicago company to introduce to the Midwest a unique lighting and security system operating on wind and solar energy – completely off the grid. This remote hybrid unit is an 18 foot light post with a security camera option.
Implementing Educational Programs.
The CSE is working with the National Technical University of Athens to introduce a Master of Science in Sustainability for the Greek, balkan and middle-east markets.
Urban Timber.
Urban timber represents an alternative paradigm to current forestry and landscape practices. The CSE has proposed a plan to the city of Chicago, Department of the Environment promoting the development of an urban timber selection, management and harvesting scheme that provides multiple benefits to the community, the environment, the economy, and the managing enterprise through the entire lifecycle of the trees.
Next Generation CO2 Emission Reduction Metrics.
The CSE provides an evaluation of the footprint of a product and the carbon dioxide and CO2 equivalents related to its manufacture, use and final disposition.
Chicago Sustainable Business Alliance.
As a founding member of a 150-member organization dedicated to sustainability, the CSE hosts monthly networking meetings and seminars.

</doc>
<doc id="19232867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232867" title="Oswald Croll">
Oswald Croll

Oswald Croll or Crollius (c. 1563 – December 1609) was an alchemist, and professor of medicine at the University of Marburg in Hesse, Germany. A strong proponent of alchemy and using chemistry in medicine, he was heavily involved in writing books and influencing thinkers of his day towards viewing chemistry and alchemy as two separate fields.
Croll received his doctorate in medicine in 1582 at Marburg, then continued studies at Heidelberg, Strasburg, and Geneva. After working as a tutor, he arrived in Prague in 1597. He remained there for two years, and again from 1602 until his death. There, through Rudolf II, he came into contact with other alchemical writers such as Edward Kelley.
In 1608, Croll's opus magnum "Basilica Chymica" ("Chemical Basilica") was first published, self-described as "containing a philosophick description, confirmed by the experience of [Croll's] own labours, and application of the choicest chymical remedies drawn from the light of Nature and of Grace". It is a hefty summary of his researches, methods of preparation, and studies into chemical medicine or iatrochemistry. In 1609 his treatise "De signatura rerum" ("Treatise of signatures") was published. Some of his work pushed for the understanding and recognition of chemical compounds and medicinal value of herbs and other processes first put forth by Paracelsus. It also discussed matters such as compound remedies, chemical organization and acted as an introduction to chemistry in later years. The second book covered alchemy's and chemistry's relation to other fields of science, especially botany, suggesting the use of the doctrine of signatures to determine the medical property of plants.
Croll died suddenly in 1609. His reputation and influence grew after his death, and was noted by Robert Burton in his "Anatomy of Melancholy". In 1618, Croll was deemed one of alchemy’s heroes in Johann Daniel Mylius’ "Basilica Philosophica" (1618 - "Opus Medico-Chymicum", third book). An emblematic seal dedicated to him appears in this work alongside the motto:
Alchemical studies.
Croll believed that chemistry and alchemy were two halves of a tightly related field, in the same way that organic and inorganic chemistry are related. He used the framework of Parcelsus' works to organize his beliefs about the geometrically important relationships between various forms of matter and alchemical reactions, from rectangles to megagons.

</doc>
<doc id="19232876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232876" title="Fossil Detectives">
Fossil Detectives

Fossil Detectives is a 2008 BBC Television documentary series in which presenter Hermione Cockburn travels across Great Britain exploring fossil sites and discovering the latest scientific developments in geology and palaeontology. The show is a spin-off of Coast.
Production.
The series was produced by the BBC Natural History Unit for the Open University.
Reception.
Chris Lambert writing in "The Times" introduced this, "entertaining new eight-part series", and commended guest, David Attenborough, "who, with trademark infectious enthusiasm, reveals his early passion for fossil hunting". Emily Ford said that, "Palaeontologists probably still curse Ross from Friends for giving their profession a reputation of such yawn-inducing dullness, but you don’t have to be a prehistory nut to enjoy fossils". "And you can see David Attenborough get all misty-eyed as he caresses the vertebrae of a long-lost Diplodocus."
Anna Lowman writing about episode two in "The Guardian" commended it as a "quirky documentary," and a "cosy Open University-produced programme," with the, "Fossil Detectives (apparently comprising just one very enthusiastic lady)". Nancy Banks-Smith went on to say, "there is nothing that would not be improved by the addition of a dinosaur", adding, "which is why David Attenborough said that he would like to be back in the time of the dinosaurs. 'To film it', he added, brightening visibly. Of course, his brother felt much the same way, but that ended rather badly." Sarah Dempster writing about episode three in the same publication commended this, "affable archaeology series," for telling us about, 'special soil and "evolutionary robotics', before showing us something beige that was once, apparently, a quite important dinosaur. Champion."

</doc>
<doc id="19232924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232924" title="Rutherford cable">
Rutherford cable

A Rutherford cable is a type of superconducting cable used to generate magnetic fields in particle accelerators. The cable is named after the Rutherford Laboratory where the cable design was developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19232937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232937" title="3 Skypephone Series">
3 Skypephone Series

The 3 Skypephone series is a range of 3G mobile phones made as a global project by the 3 network. The project was initiated by the 3's global handset team, some of whom later went on to found the new mobile phone company INQ. The phones were sold in Australia, Austria, Denmark, Italy, Ireland, Sweden, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong and Macau, but the service has now been discontinued everywhere except Australia, Ireland and the UK. 3 offers 4000 free Skype outbound voice minutes with the phones. Initially, the quota expired after 90 days (30 days in Ireland) unless the user purchased another topup or was on a pay monthly plan. This restriction was lifted by the network in 2009, where calls could still be made and received without the need to "top up" with credit. The service is advertised as "unlimited" in the UK; however, it is subject to fair use limitations, as in other countries.
The Skypephone series of phones support UMTS/W-CDMA 2100 MHz, GSM and GPRS (900/1800 MHz), as well as HSDPA with the 3 Skypephone S2.
The Skypephone series uses the normal 3G or GSM voice network for handling Skype calls, which permits users to make Skype calls within 3's 3G network or when the user is out of range of the 3G network and is roaming on one of 3's partner 2G networks. The two Skypephone models are not unique in using normal GSM or 3G voice protocols for handling Skype: Three's Symbian and now-defunct Java ME-based Skype clients also do this, but they do also need a data connection for low-bandwidth communication with Three's servers while the voice call is being set up. All other mobile Skype applications (such as Skype for iPhone) use a GPRS, EDGE or 3G packet data connection to handle Skype.
The Skype application used is native to the 3 Skypephone series and is a Brew application, whereas other mobile Skype clients are 3rd-party downloads and are either Symbian or Java ME based (the latter is now defunct). An advantage of using the standardized 3GPP circuit-switched (CS) voice protocols for handling calls is that it does not require a constant GPRS, EDGE, 3G or WiFi data connection, all of which consume significantly more battery life than CS voice.
The 3 Skypephone series use a USB connector for recharging and Phone-to-PC communication – allowing them to recharge when plugged into a computer. Phone-to-PC connections are also possible over Bluetooth.
Usage terms.
Free Skype-to-Skype calls and instant messages are only available in the country where the phone was purchased, or while roaming on 3’s sister networks. Skype-to-Skype calls and instant messages are subject to a fair use policy of 4,000 minutes of outgoing calls and 10,000 instant messages per month (depending on country).
For 3 Pay As You Go customers, the Skype functionality was subject to activating a minimum top-up (value depending on country) and valid for 90 days (30 days in Ireland) from activating their last top-up, but 3 removed the minimum top-up requirement on 1 May 2009. There is now no need to add any top-up at all. Skype is fully available instantly.
Future models.
The future of the series is unclear, as the carrier's parent company have launched their own phone manufacturing subsidiary, INQ. The Skypephone project was a collaborative effort, with the 3's global handset team working closely with Skype and Qualcomm. According to Skype, the Skypephone series, if it were to continue, could possibly be continued on a different network from 3.
In the Irish market, the phones have been discontinued since the introduction of INQ handsets in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19232946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232946" title="Peter Acworth">
Peter Acworth

Peter Acworth is a web entrepreneur based in San Francisco. He is the founder and CEO of Kink.com, an internet pornography producer that focuses on BDSM and fetish themes. According to the "San Francisco Bay Guardian", Acworth's work has been guided by "Kink's principles of intimate, conversational, playful, and mutually enjoyable interactions", and he has expressed the belief that "a product line should come from an individual's actual fantasies."
Acworth entered the pornography industry when he was a PhD student in finance at Columbia University. After reading a story in a British tabloid about a fireman who made £250,000 in a short period by starting an internet pornography site, Acworth decided to start a porn site of his own. Since Acworth had what he described as a lifelong interest in bondage, he oriented the site toward BDSM porn.
The site, Hogtied, featured content licensed from other bondage pornography producers. Acworth soon left his graduate studies to work on the site full-time.
In 1998, Acworth moved from New York City to San Francisco. Finding that sales were leveling off because other sites were using the same content, Acworth began producing his own content, initially featuring himself with various models whom he found through Craigslist or through his photographer friends.
In 2000, Acworth founded his second site, Fucking Machines, under Cybernet Entertainment, Inc., the corporate entity that ran Hogtied.com. A number of additional sites followed, and in 2006 Acworth changed the corporate name of Cybernet to Kink.com.
In late 2006, Acworth announced the purchase of The San Francisco Armory. He announced that Kink.com would move into the building to use as corporate offices and as a studio for producing its movies. As a result, he sold Kink.com's then-current office at 942 Mission Street for $6.5 million, more than double what he had paid for it four years earlier. "The San Francisco Business Times", part of Bizjournals, reported that since moving to San Francisco in 1998, Acworth had also made large profits on a home in the Marina and Hogtied.com's original studios on 8th Street. Acworth told the paper that he would not be buying any additional property in San Francisco. "All of our real estate profits are in the Armory", he said.
Acworth continues to perform occasionally in Kink.com projects in addition to serving as CEO. In a September, 2008 interview with the "San Francisco Bay Guardian", Acworth discussed a new project inspired by the novel "Story of O" in which "Acworth wants to transform the armory's top floor into a series of Victorian/Georgian-inspired rooms... Participants will be given hierarchical positions—from maid to master of the house—and live according to the rules of domination and submission." He also said, "The Armory dates from exactly this Edwardian era, so the historical nature of the Armory does nothing but add to the mystique surrounding this idea."
Acworth was arrested in February 2013 for obstruction of justice for allegedly delaying police while they investigated a report of firearms having been shot in the Armory's historic shooting range. Police then found a gram of cocaine about Acworth's person and he was additionally charged with possession. All charges were later dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="19232974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232974" title="Plaisirs de l’Île enchantée">
Plaisirs de l’Île enchantée

Plaisirs de l’Île enchantée in English means Pleasures of the Enchanted Island. The Enchanted Island references Louis XIV and his court. This was a party given to start the building campaigns for the Chateau de Versailles in particular to acquaint those involved in its construction, his wife, mother, lovers, mistresses, and family in general to a seven day or longer cotillon style ball and overall culture. Molière played a large role in the organisation of festivities, which featured the premières of "La Princesse d'Élide" and "Tartuffe".

</doc>
<doc id="19232979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232979" title="Sugar Music">
Sugar Music

Sugar (also known as Sugar Music) is an Italian record label based in Milan.
Some of the artists signed with the label include Andrea Bocelli, since his debut in 1992, and Elisa, two of Italy's most successful stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19232981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19232981" title="Grover Gibson">
Grover Gibson

Grover Gibson (born 18 November 1978) is an American soccer player who last played for Rot-Weiss Ahlen in the 2. Bundesliga until retiring due to injury in August 2009.
In 2012, Gibson established the Grover Gibson Soccer Foundation, which is a non-profit corporation, where he founded RVA Football Club and is currently Head Coach.
Club career.
Born in Fairfax, Virginia, after graduating from high school, Gibson signed with VfB Stuttgart U-18. He went on to play two years for VfB Stuttgart reserves. After that he played for third-tier sides FC Augsburg and SV Elversberg before signing with 1. FSV Mainz 05 in the 2. Bundesliga at the age of 21. Later he played again in the third tier for SSV Jahn Regensburg, SC Preußen Münster, Kickers Emden. His last club was Rot-Weiss Ahlen in the 2. Bundesliga where he played 30 matches and scored six goals.
His professional career ending after fracturing the eye socket which also damaged the retina and optic nerve.
Gibson previously played four matches in the 2. Bundesliga for 1. FSV Mainz 05.
Coaching career.
Following the creation of the Grover Gibson Soccer Foundation, a non-profit corporation promoting soccer, Gibson founded RVA Football Club as a youth soccer organization in Richmond, Virginia, with the senior men's team to compete in the amateur National Premier Soccer League (NPSL), considered the fourth tier of the American soccer pyramid. Gibson would coach the club in its inaugural season, leading them to a first place finish in the Mid-Atlantic Division and all the way to the NPSL Championship game against the Sonoma County Sol.
Personal life.
Gibson resides currently in Fredericksburg, Virginia with his wife and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19233013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233013" title="Jennifer Flanagan">
Jennifer Flanagan

Jennifer L. Flanagan is the Massachusetts State Senator for the Worcester and Middlesex district, which includes her hometown of Leominster. She is a Democrat who has served since 2009, and was elected to a second term in 2010. From 2005 to 2009 she was the Massachusetts State Representative for the 4th Worcester district. Prior to serving in the Massachusetts legislature, she was a legislative aid and a committee chief of staff.
Education.
Leominster High School; University of Massachusetts Boston, B.A. Political Science; Fitchburg State College, M.S. Mental Health Counseling.
Organizations.
Boys and Girls Club of North Central Massachusetts, Project Apples, Spanish American Center, Montachusett Addiction Council, Junior Achievement of Central Massachusetts, Leominster Education Foundation

</doc>
<doc id="19233019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233019" title="Lucelle, Haut-Rhin">
Lucelle, Haut-Rhin

Lucelle is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
The commune comprises the French part of the hamlet of Lucelle, the other part being part of Pleigne, in the Swiss Canton of Jura.

</doc>
<doc id="19233045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233045" title="HM Prison Askham Grange">
HM Prison Askham Grange

HM Prison Askham Grange is a women's open category prison, located in Askham Richard village in North Yorkshire, England. The prison is run by Her Majesty's Prison Service. 
History.
In 1973 Susan McCormick was appointed Governor at Askham Grange, becoming (at 28) "the youngest ever governor or warden of a women's prison in Britain." McCormick went on to introduce programmes of rehabilitation in the prison for soon-to-be released prisoners (a relatively new idea at the time). 
In 1979 two inmates founded the Clean Break Theatre Group at Askham Grange. Today Clean Break is a theatre, education and new writing company that works with women whose lives have been affected by the criminal justice system. The group now have links with most women's prisons in the UK.
In 2001 two inmates from Askham Grange launched a High Court battle for the right to keep their babies with them in prison beyond the age of 18 months. The challenge failed, but launched a wider debate in the media about mother's rights and their children in prison.
The prison today.
Askham Grange accepts adult females and female young offenders, and has space for ten mothers to maintain full-time care of their child or children whilst in custody. Inmates tend to have already served three years or more in other prisons, and are transferred to Askham Grange to complete the last part (maximum three years) of their sentence. Because of this the prisons main focus is the re-integration and re-settlement of prisoners into the community and preparation for life after prison.
Accommodation in the prison consists mainly of dormitories, though there are some single rooms. All prisoners in the Mother and Baby unit have their own rooms. The prison's education department mainly concentrates on vocational skills, and many prisoners are given work-placements outside the prison as part of their re-settlement plan.

</doc>
<doc id="19233048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233048" title="Deserts of California">
Deserts of California

The Deserts of California have unique ecosystems and habitats, a sociocultural and historical "Old West" collection of legends, districts, and communities, and they also form a popular tourism region of dramatic natural features and recreational development. All of the deserts are located in eastern Southern California, in the Western United States.
Geography.
There are three main deserts in California: the Mojave Desert, the Colorado Desert, and the Great Basin desert. The Mojave Desert is bounded by the Tehachapi Mountains on the northwest, the San Gabriel and San Bernardino Mountains on the south, and extends eastward to California's borders with Arizona and Nevada; it also forms portions of northwest Arizona. The Colorado Desert lies in the southeastern corner of the state, between the Colorado River and the Transverse Ranges, and continues into Mexico and Arizona to the south and east, (as the named Sonoran Desert). The Great Basin desert lies immediately to the east of the Sierra Nevada cordillera and extends eastward into the state of Nevada.
The deserts encompass all of Imperial County, the southern and eastern portion of Inyo County, the eastern portions of Mono County, Los Angeles County, Kern County, San Diego County, and Riverside County, and most of northern and eastern San Bernardino County. The major urban populations of western San Diego County, Orange County, the Inland Empire, and Greater Los Angeles are over the high mountains toward the Pacific Ocean.
Mojave Desert.
The topographical boundaries include the Tehachapi Mountains to the northwest, together with the San Gabriel and San Bernardino mountain ranges to the south. The mountain boundaries are quite distinct since they are outlined by the two largest faults in California – the San Andreas Fault and the Garlock Fault. The Mojave Desert in California includes the colloquially-defined High Desert region. The Great Basin shrub steppe lies to the north of the Mojave Desert; the warmer Sonoran Desert and its subregion the Colorado Desert lie to the south and east.
Colorado Desert.
The Colorado Desert is a northwesterly part of the larger Sonoran Desert, which extends across southwest North America. The Colorado Desert region encompasses approximately , reaching from the Northwest Mexico border region in the south to the higher-elevation Mojave Desert in the north and from the Colorado River in the east to the Laguna Mountains of the Peninsular Ranges in the west. The area includes the heavily irrigated Coachella, Palo Verde, and Imperial Valleys. The Sonoran/Colorado Desert in California includes the colloquially-defined Low Desert region.
Great Basin Desert.
The Great Basin Desert is the only "cold" desert in the country, where most precipitation falls in the form of snow. The Great Basin Desert exists because of the "rainshadow effect" created by the Sierra Nevada of eastern California. When prevailing winds from the Pacific Ocean rise to go over the Sierra, the air cools and loses most of its moisture as rain. By the time the winds cross over the mountains and sweep down the far side, they are very dry and absorb moisture from the surrounding area. This drying effect is responsible for creating the Great Basin Desert.
Ecology.
All of the deserts of California are characterized by low rainfall, caused by the rain shadow of mountain ranges to the west of each desert. The Mojave Desert receives between of rain per year, while the Colorado Desert receives between .
The Mojave Desert is considered a high desert, because elevations can range up to . The Mojave Desert is characterized by the presence of "Yucca brevifolia", the Joshua Tree, which as an indicator species of the Mojave Desert, extends southeasterly into Mohave County, Arizona, and even further, all parts of northwest Arizona. Other common plants of the Mojave Desert include creosote bush, blackbrush, greasewood and saltbush. Higher elevations host Western juniper and Pinyon pine.
The Colorado Desert is a low desert, with elevations running from above sea level. The Colorado Desert hosts saguaro cactus, Sonoran creosote bush, and Salton Sea saltbush.
The Great Basin desert in California can also reach up to of elevation. Plants in the Great Basin Desert are well adapted to the harsh conditions. These plants include Big sagebrush, Pinyon pine, Utah juniper, Low sagebrush, Shadscale, and Bristlecone pine. Sagebrush, a very common resident of the Great Basin, is well adapted to the area. The Big sagebrush root system can extend as much as 90 feet in circumference. This adaptation allows the plant to catch as much water as possible when the rains do come. Mormon tea possesses modified leaves. The leaves are very small and are not the primary area for photosynthesis. The chlorophyll filled stems carry out the primary photosynthesis. Four-wing saltbush excretes salt through its leaves to prevent build-up of lethal salts in the plant. The plants on the alkaline flats have a high internal concentration of salt and are able to extract water other plants can not.
Common animals of the California deserts include the desert bighorn sheep, desert kit fox, coyote, spotted skunk, spotted bat, black-tailed jackrabbit, ground squirrels, kangaroo rat, white-footed mouse, and desert tortoise.
Tourism.
In 1994, the California Desert Protection Act protected millions of acres within the Death Valley and Joshua Tree National Parks and the Mojave National Preserve. Within these parks and preserves, visitors can view unique landscapes, plants, and animals. Badwater Basin, the lowest point in the United States lies within Death Valley National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19233052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233052" title="Redding Rage">
Redding Rage

The Redding Rage are a professional women's football team based out of Redding, California, that are members of the Independent Women's Football League. They play their home games at various locations in the Redding area. They play in the league's new Tier III along with the Cape Fear Thunder, the Detroit Demolition, the New Mexico Menace, the Nor Cal Red Hawks, the Orlando Mayhem, The Pittsburgh Pulse, and the Shreveport Aftershock.

</doc>
<doc id="19233058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233058" title="Gamonedaspis">
Gamonedaspis

Gamonedaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Dalmanitidae), that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia. It was described by Branisa and Vanek in 1973, and the type species is "Gamonedaspis scutata". The type locality was the Belén Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19233083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233083" title="Glyptambon">
Glyptambon

Glyptambon is an extinct genus of Silurian trilobite in the order Phacopida. It is a member of the family Dalmanitidae and the subfamily Dalmanitinae, although it has been classified in the related Ordovician subfamily Mucronaspidinae. The type species "G. verrucosus" was once placed in "Dalmania". Because this species was considered distinct from other "Dalmania" species, the new genus "Glyptambon" was erected for it in 1981. A second species, "G. amsdeni", was named in 1991 from Tennessee and Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19233112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233112" title="Gourdonia">
Gourdonia

Gourdonia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Acastidae), that existed during the middle Devonian in what is now France. It was described by Pillet in 1954, and the type species is "Gourdonia gourdoni", which was originally described under the genus "Dalmanites" by Barrois in 1883. The generic name is derived from the species epithet. The type locality was the Cathervielle Shale in the Pyrenees mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19233126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233126" title="Ubaid house">
Ubaid house

The Ubaid house is a dwelling used by the Ubaid culture of the Neolithic era. The Ubaid house is the predecessor of the Ubaid temple as well as Sumerian domestic and temple architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19233128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233128" title="Piper sarmentosum">
Piper sarmentosum

Piper sarmentosum is a plant in the Piperaceae family used in many Southeast Asian cuisines. The leaves are often confused with betel, but they lack the intense taste of the betel leaves and are significantly smaller.
Names.
There is no "official" English name for it, but it is sometimes called wild betel. 
It is known as "chaphlu" (, ) or "cha phlu" (, ) in Thai; "phak i leut" or "pak eelerd" (ຜັກອີ່ເລີດ) in Lao; and "pokok kadok" in Malay. In Vietnam, the local name of "Piper lolot" – "lá lốt" – is applied to "P. sarmentosum" also.
Geographic distribution.
"P. sarmentosum" is found from the tropical areas of Southeast Asia, Northeast India and South China, and as far as the Andaman Islands.
In cuisine.
"P. sarmentosum" leaves are sold in bunches and are usually eaten raw. 
Traditional medicine.
"P. sarmentosum" leaves are used in traditional Asian medicines. Chemical analysis has shown the leaves contain the antioxidant naringenin. Amides from "P. sarmentosum" fruit have been shown to have anti-tuberculosis and anti-plasmodial activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19233137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233137" title="Morzh-class submarine">
Morzh-class submarine

The "Morzh"-class submarines were built for the Black Sea Fleet of the Imperial Russian Navy shortly before World War I. 
Background.
The class was constructed as part of an ambitious programme of naval construction devised by the Naval General Staff in 1909. This envisaged, among other things, the constructions of six submarines for the Black Sea Fleet. The procurement was heavily cut back and delayed; in 1910, the Russian State Duma agreed to a portion of the naval plan to reinforce the Black Sea Fleet, including the construction of the six submarines. Three Narval class submariness were ordered along with three of the new "Morzh"-class boats. The Narval class was a design developed by the Holland company for Russia. 
Design.
The design of the "Morzh" class was based on the "Akula", a vessel that was considered to be the most successful of the Russian-designed submarines built to date. The design of the new class was carried out at the Baltic Shipyard under Ivan Grigorevich Bubnov in 1910 and was approved on 30 May 1911, with construction starting at the Nikolayev shipyards on 25 June 1911. The principal objective of the designers was to deliver a high degree of maneuverability and stability. However, aspects of the design provoked controversy, in particular the lack of internal watertight compartments. This issue caused a heated dispute between Russia's submarine engineers and submarine officers; the engineers argued that adding bulkheads would greatly improve the survivability of the vessels while the submariners argued that bulkheads put the commander of the ship at risk of losing control of his crew. In the end, financial constraints required the bulkheads to be omitted.
The "Morzh" submarines were well-armed for the time, having a deck gun, four internal torpedo tubes and eight Dzhevetskiy torpedo-launching collars. However, the vessels had numerous shortcomings. They suffered from having only a single hull, lacking bulkheads, having a slow diving time of 3½ minutes due to poor ballast tank venting, and a diving depth of only 25 fathoms (50 m / 150 feet). An additional problem was that twin 1,140-horsepower diesel engines to power the vessels had been ordered from Germany, but were not delivered by the time the war broke out. They had to be replaced by severely underpowered engines from the Amur River gunboats "Vikhr", "Vyuga" and "Uragan", each of which delivered only 250 horsepower. This meant that the designed 16 knot surface speed could not be attained. The designed 12 knot underwater speed also could not be attained due to a poorly designed hull shape, which was more like that of a surface vessel than a submarine. Many of these failings were replicated in the more numerous "Bars" class submarines, built to a design derived from that of the "Morzh".
History.
The ships were launched in September-November 1913 and were transferred to the naval base at Sevastopol between December 1914 - March 1915. The "Nerpa", the largest vessel in the class, was the first to go into action in March 1915, followed by the "Morzh" and "Tyulen" later that same month. All three vessels operated principally off the Bosporus against German and Ottoman Turkish naval forces, focusing on the chokepoint of many Turkish freighter routes.
The three submarines had an eventful war in the Black Sea, sinking 16 merchant ships between them. The "Morzh" narrowly missed the Turkish flagship battlecruiser "Yavuz" in November 1915 but suffered damage in a Turkish air attack in May 1916. She was sunk with all hands in May 1917 on her 24th patrol, most likely as a result of striking a mine or coming under aerial attack. After 24 patrols the "Nerpa" went into refit in 1917 in Nikolayev but had to be laid up due to a shortage of essential parts and did not rejoin the war effort. The most successful of the three submarines was the "Tyulen", which made a large number of successful attacks against enemy forces, including the capture of the armed merchantman "Rodosto" in October 1916.
The "Tyulen" and "Nerpa" survived the war but had very different fates. The "Tyulen" was captured by German troops at Sevastopol in May 1918 and transferred to British control in November 1918. It was passed on to White Russian forces under the command of General Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel, who opposed the Bolsheviks during the Russian Civil War. Following a Bolshevik advance, the vessel fled to Bizerte in French-ruled Tunisia in 1920, where it was interned. The ship was sold in 1924 and scrapped in 1930.
The "Nerpa" remained in the shipyard at Nikolayev until 3 June 1922, when it was recommissioned by the Soviet Navy under the new name "Politruk" ("political instructor") and in 1923 it was given the designation of No. 11. The vessel was decommissioned on 3 December 1930 and was sold for scrap in February 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="19233147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233147" title="Guichenia">
Guichenia

Guichenia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Dalmanitidae), that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now France. It was described by Henry in 1968, and the type species is "Guichenia dufouri", which was originally described under the genus "Dalmanites" by Tromelin and Lebesconte in 1876. The type locality was the Calymènes Shale, in Loire-Atlantique.

</doc>
<doc id="19233155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233155" title="Qarqucaq">
Qarqucaq

Qarqucaq (also, Karkudzhan, Karkudzhak, Karakudzhakh, and Karakudzhak) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 745. 

</doc>
<doc id="19233165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233165" title="Politics and sports">
Politics and sports

Politics and sports or sports diplomacy describes the use of sport as a means to influence diplomatic, social, and political relations. Sports diplomacy may transcend cultural differences and bring people together.
The use of sports and politics has had both positive and negative implications over history. Sports competitions or activities have had the intention to bring about change in certain cases. Nationalistic fervour is sometimes linked to victories or losses on sports fields.
While the Olympics is often the biggest political example of using sports for diplomatic means, cricket and association football, as well as other sports in the global arena, have also been used in this regard. In the case of Apartheid, sport was used to isolate South Africa and bring about a major overhaul in the country's social structure. While ethnicity and race can cause division, sports can also help blend differences.
Additionally, numerous athletes have sought political office, some of them unsuccessfully, on either the national level or the sub-national level.
Association football.
The most infamous declaration of politics and sport was the Football War between El Salvador and Honduras. Though the build-up to the war had to do with more socio-economic issues like immigration and land reform, the impetus for war was an inflammation of tensions set off by rioters during the second North American qualifying round for the 1970 FIFA World Cup. Disturbances broke out during the first game in Tegucigalpa, but the second leg saw the situation get considerably worse in San Salvador. Honduran fans were roughed up, the Honduran flag and national anthem were insulted, and the emotions of both nations became considerably agitated. In retaliation, violence against Salvadoran residents in Honduras, including several Vice Consuls, increased. An unknown number of Salvadorans were killed or brutalized, and tens of thousands began fleeing the country. The press of both nations contributed to a growing climate of near-hysteria, and on June 27, 1969, twelve days after the second-leg game, Honduras broke diplomatic relations with El Salvador. On July 14, 1969, the Salvadoran army launched an attack against Honduras. The Organization of American States negotiated a cease-fire which took effect on July 20, with the Salvadoran troops withdrawn in early August.
Athletic Bilbao are famous for the "cantera" policy of signing only Basque players. Along with fellow Basque side Real Sociedad, Bilbao raised the still banned Basque flag in a game shortly after the death of General Francisco Franco.
Israel was one of the founding members of the Asian Football Confederation following its own independence in 1948 (prior to that it played under the banner of "Palestine/Eretz Yisrael"). After the 1974 Asian Cup in Iran (and a tense loss to Iran), Kuwait and other Arab states refused to play them. Following this, they were expelled from the confederation and spent a few years trying to qualify from such continental bodies as the OFC before joining UEFA.
In the 1986 Mexico World Cup, following the Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom, Diego Maradona scored a goal via the "Hand of God" to fuel the flames between the two sides. To make matters worse, this was an unrecognised foul using the hand to score a goal.
At the 1998 FIFA World Cup, held in France, Iran recorded their first World Cup victory in the second game, beating the United States 2–1, with Estili and Mahdavikia scoring goals for Iran. The match was preheated with much excitement because of each country's political stance after the Iranian revolution; however, in an act of defiance against all forms of hatred or politics in sports, both sides presented one another with gifts and flowers and stood together for a photograph before the match kicked-off.
The 2004 AFC Asian Cup held in China made headlines due to events that took place during the final between China and Japan, apparently due to historical relations dating back to World War II (see Second Sino-Japanese War and Nanjing Massacre). As the Japanese national anthem was being played, the home fans expressed their anti-Japanese sentiment by drowning out the national anthem with their chants. The Chinese home fans also continually booed the players, visiting fans and officials as they watched Japan defeat China 3–1. After the match, some Chinese fans rioted outside the Beijing Worker's Stadium.
The 2007 AFC Asian Cup was another facet of sporting politics. The victorious Iraqi team came out despite ethnic factionalism in their country and an invasion by the American military to win the biggest Asian football tournament. Following a previous round win, Iraqi military spokesman Brigadier General Qassim Moussawi said they wanted to stop "terrorists, Sunni extremists and criminals from targeting the joy of the people." There was controversy after the Iraqi captain Younis Mahmoud said he "dared not return to his homeland because of the conditions created by the U.S. occupation." President Jalal Talabani said it was disappointing they couldn't celebrate at home with the fans. Yet many hailed the victory as a show of unity. Iraq's Brazilian coach Jorvan Vieira signified the importance of the win in saying "This is not just about football...this is more important than that...This has brought great happiness to a whole country. This is not about a team, this is about human beings." Likewise, Saudi coach Hélio dos Anjos chimed in that "Iraq deserved to win today...They were very motivated and we knew the whole world was supporting this team." Likewise, the American leadership also came out in praise of the Iraqi win. However, Iraqi midfielder Ahmed Manajid said that if he was not playing for his country he would have fought in his native Fallujah against U.S. forces. He was one of several players who criticised then-U.S. president George W. Bush for using the team's success in his campaign speeches.
Once again, on September 6, 2008, Armenia and Turkey faced each other in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification match in Yerevan. In an unprecedented step, Turkish President Abdullah Gul was invited to watch the match, where he and his Armenia counterpart, Serzh Sargsyan, sat together, albeit behind bullet-proof glass. However, the Turkish national anthem was almost drowned out by booing from 35,000 Armenian fans, showing there is still a lot of mistrust between the two countries. However, the gesture "between the presidents showed that they believed 'football diplomacy' had achieved the most important result." This was a first for the two countries divided by the legacy of the 20th century's first genocide.
In 2009, France and the Republic of Ireland met in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification play-off, where the winner of the two-legged tie progressed through to the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. After a 1–1 aggregate draw, the match went into extra time at France's National Stadium. The winning goal came from France's William Gallas, but in the build-up, Thierry Henry twice handled the ball, before passing to Gallas to score. It was seen as a "Hand of Frog" goal, in reference to the similar "Hand of God" goal in the match between Argentina and England. It the became an international incident with Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen demanding a replay and the French President telling him to "stick to politics". The replay was not given.
In 2010 relations between Iran and the UAE took a turn for the worse when the Football Federation Islamic Republic of Iran sent a letter to the AFC complaining about the misuse of the "Persian Gulf" name. "The move was made after the UAE misrepresented the name "Persian Gulf" during a match between Iran's Sepahan and the UAE's Al Ain. The Emirate television displayed various banners showing a fictitious name for the Persian Gulf during the match between Iran's Sepahan and the UAE's Al Ain. The AFC must take serious measures to deal with UAE actions of the sort", Taj added. “The UAE side must be fined for showing a fictitious name for the Persian Gulf during the live broadcast of the match." In addition to official comments from the UAE in regards to comparing the three disputed islands of Greater Tunb, the Lesser Tunb and Abu Musa, held by Iran, to the occupation of Palestine, calls were made for a downgrade of ties. This also comes after the Islamic Solidarity Games, to be held in Iran, were canceled over the dispute of the "Persian Gulf" label.
Boxing.
Heavyweight champion Max Schmeling had been lauded by the Nazi Party as a heroic symbol of German destiny and Aryan supremacy. A politically charged boxing match with Joe Louis was preceded nationalistic symbolism and imagery. Schmeling defeated Louis, for the latters first professional defeat in 1936. Langston Hughes recalled the national reaction to Louis' defeat.
Schmeling was, however, welcomed home with a jubilant reaction. Hitler sent his wife flowers with the message: "For the wonderful victory of your husband, our greatest German boxer, I must congratulate you with all my heart." Schmeling responded to the accolades saying: "At this moment I have to tell Germany, I have to report to the Führer in particular, that the thoughts of all my countrymen were with me in this fight; that the Führer and his faithful people were thinking of me. This thought gave me the strength to succeed in this fight. It gave me the courage and the endurance to win this victory for Germany's colours."
A rematch was scheduled later in New York City. In the build-up to the event U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt offered his support: "Joe, we need muscles like yours to beat Germany." Schmeling's hotel was picketed by American protestors after an accompanying Nazi Party publicist declared that a black man could not defeat Schmeling and that when he won, his prize money would be used to build German tanks. Louis won the rematch in a first round knock out and he became the focal point of anti-Nazi sentiment leading up to World War II. Louis later recalled the pressure on him before the fight: "I knew I had to get Schmeling good. I had my own personal reasons and the whole damned country was depending me."
Decades later, Muhammad Ali took up political causes in his refusal to be drafted for the Vietnam War amid the civil rights era during the presidency of Lyndon B. Johnson.
After earning the championship, Clay converted his religion to Islam, which instigated conflict with his boxing career. He also abandoned his name that was given to his slave ancestors and adopted Muhammad Ali. On April 28, 1967, he refused to serve in the Army during the Vietnam War, stating religious reasons that it goes against the Qur'an’s teaching. 
He then became an icon of not only the civil rights struggle, but also the anti-Vietnam War movement. 
However he was convicted of draft evasion, sentenced to five years in prison, fined $10,000 and stripped of his championship. It was not until a lawsuit in 1970 that Ali redeemed his title. 
He would continue in historical boxing matches now known as Rumble in the Jungle in 1974 and Thrilla in Manila in 1975, defeating George Foreman and Joe Frazier, respectively.
Cricket.
In 1969, the Marylebone Cricket Club refused to allow Basil D'Oliveira to play for England against South Africa for fear of upseting the apartheid regime. D'Oliveira was a coloured born in South Africa and refused permission to play for the South African team by the government, instead he played for England. D'Oliveria was one of the more likely players to be selected following his performance against Australia in the previous year's Ashes. However, he was not selected; it was suspected at the time that this was capitulation towards the apartheid regime.
Cricket has also had a hand to play in sporting diplomacy. Following the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, and Soviet pressure on India to deflect the tension they faced, in 1987 Pakistan's president at the time, General Zia ul-Haq, attended a test match between India and Pakistan in Jaipur - a visit that apparently helped cool a flare-up in tensions. Furthermore, following a fifteen year lull in test matches, cricket tours between India and Pakistan were revived in 2004 in the wake of diplomatic initiatives to bury half a century of mutual hostility. Both sides relaxed their tough visa regulations for each other, allowing thousands of fans to travel across the border.
In an attempt to replicate the cricket diplomacy of the past General Pervez Musharraf came to India in 2005 ostensibly for a cricket match. The trip, however, quickly took on the air of a summit as the sides were urged "to seize a historic chance to end their dispute over Kashmir." Often this rivalry has been tinged with a religious-political bent to it. A Pakistani fan in Karachi ran onto the pitch to attack the Indian captain, and fans threw stones at the Indian players during the match in Karachi. In 2000 right-wing Hindus dug up the cricket pitch in New Delhi to protest against the Pakistani team's visit. Following the Kargil conflict, and at various other times, there have also been calls to suspend cricketing ties between the two countries.
In reference to immigrants from the Caribbean and South Asia, British Conservative party member Norman Tebbit once a "cricket test" could adjudge a persons loyalty to England by determining whether or not they supported the England and Wales cricket team ahead of those from their own countries of origin.
In 2008, the England and Wales Cricket Board cancelled Zimbabwe's 2009 tour of England and suspended all bilateral relations between the two states in response to the situation regarding the 2008 Zimbabwean presidential election. MPs Jack Straw and Tessa Jowell wrote to the International Cricket Council asking then to ban Zimbabwe from international cricket.
China have also gotten in on the cricket diplomacy act. Cross-Strait relations have once again been the impetus for doing so. During the buildup to the 2007 World Cup, Antigua received a $55 million grant to build the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, while Jamaica received $30 million for a new Trelawny stadium. St. Lucia have also got both a cricket and a football stadium courtesy of China. China spent a remarkable $132 million on cricket facilities in the West Indies over the past few years, a massive amount compared to the International Cricket Council's paltry 10-year budget of $70 million to promote cricket "globally". It is said that the motive for China's generosity is because "Most of the remaining countries that recognize Taiwan are located in the Caribbean and Latin America." The diplomacy paid off in the end as Grenada and Dominica derecognized Taiwan as an independent country. Further, "Of the remaining 24 countries that recognize Taiwan, four are in the Caribbean and two of these play cricket." Grenada previously had a stadium built by Taiwan, but saw it flattened by a hurricane. To join the action, China quickly came in to erect another stadium. Consequently, Taiwan took Grenada to a New York City court to force the latter to return the original loan.
Put on the back foot, a beleaguered Taiwan also used the World Cup to shore up its position among its shrinking West Indian support base. It doled out $21 million to St. Kitts and Nevis and $12 million to the even smaller St. Vincent and the Grenadines for cricket grounds. China's aggressive ambitions have benefited the Caribbean Islands as "Strategic analysts say China is laying out more money than is needed to just isolate Taiwan. China, which has built large embassies in each of the islands, now has a bigger diplomatic presence in the Caribbean than the United States, the superpower next door." And that "Mainland China's long-term strategy coincides with its foreign policy."
Following the death of Saeed Anwar's daughter he took to a more fundamental Islam and started growing a beard. He was then said to have been the turning point in the Islamisation of the Pakistani cricket team, which was also a reason for Yousuf Youhana's conversion to Islam. From the 2003 World Cup a more visible trend of religion was seen in the Pakistan team with many players having become more devout to the point of either leading prayers or growing beards as a symbol of being a "good Muslim" (with the notable exception of Shoaib Akhtar and Danish Kaneria (the latter being the only Hindu on the team). Even post-match interviews were preceded by Islamic salutations such as "Bismillah ur Rehman rahim". Most famously, after the loss to arch-rival India at the 2007 ICC World Twenty20 Shoaib Malik came under fire for apologising "I want to thank everyone back home in Pakistan and Muslims all over the world. Thank you very much and I’m sorry that we didn’t win, but we did give our 100 per cent" for the defeat, which was particularly ironic considering Irfan Pathan, a Muslim was named Man of the Match for his performance in India's win, and Shah Rukh Khan was in the stands cheering on India. Following the 2007 World Cup and the loss to Ireland (an unranked cricket team), the religious influence was criticised for taking a toll on the team. The Islamisation of such a Western sport in Pakistan was seen as symbolic of the growing influence of religion in every field. In Pakistan, this trend was attributed to dating back to the tenure of the military government of General Zia-ul Haq where the focus of the youth was shifted from Pakistan as a nation-state and cultural-religious pluralism to Islam as a transnational identity, greater attention to conservative Islamic ritualism, and a perception of a global conspiracy against Muslims and admiration for militancy. A need was also seen to reorient sportsmen towards professionalism, discipline and rules and regulations. It was said that the focus of education and socialisation needed to return to a Pakistan that could not afford to be at war.
In 2011, India and Pakistan each other in the 2011 Cricket World Cup for the first time since 26/11 attacks in Mumbai and a general souring of relations. The event was spontaneously attended by Prime Ministers Yousaf Raza Gillani of Pakistan and Manmohan Singh of India. Following the game, permission was granted for the two countries to play regular series against each other.
Formula 1.
Bahrain.
Amid the Bahraini uprising, Avaaz.org called for sports boycotts, comparing the situation in Bahrain with that of apartheid South Africa. Other human rights protesters also called for a boycott of the Bahrain Grand Prix with more explicit comparisons to the sporting boycott of South Africa. On 17 February, it was announced that the second round of GP2 Asia Series, which was to be held at Bahrain International Circuit on 17–19 February, had been cancelled due to security and safety concerns surrounding the protests. On 21 February, the 2011 Bahrain Grand Prix, then to take place on 13 March, was again cancelled because of the same concerns. Similarly, the 2012 Bahrain Grand Prix, which was held amid claims from Bernie Ecclestone that there was no trouble, faced weekly protests and violence leading up to the event.
Olympics.
Going as far back as the 1936 Olympics, Adolf Hitler used this as a stage to promote Aryan nationalism for Germany with his ideological belief of racial supremacy. The Olympics were used as a method of hardening the German spirit and instilling unity among German youth. It was also believed that sport was a "way to weed out the weak, Jewish, and other undesirables." As a result, many Jews and Gypsies were banned from participating in sporting events. While Germany did top the medal table, the Nazi depiction of ethnic Africans as inferior was dispelled by Jesse Owens' gold medals in the 100m, 200m, 4x100m relay and long jump events. There were questions as to whether Hitler acknowledged Owens' victories. On the first day of competition, Hitler left the stadium after only shaking hands with the German victors. An Olympic committee member then insisted that Hitler either greet every medalist or none at all; he chose the latter. At the games he was visited by Adi Dassler, the founder of Adidas, who offered new shoes to Owens.
Once again, in 1968, the global stage of the Olympics was used to show the world the plight of the African-American struggle during the civil rights movement in their home country. The famous Black Power salute was performed by Tommie Smith and John Carlos during the medal ceremony in Mexico City.
In 1972, some members of the Israeli Olympic team were killed in an attack by Palestinian Black September gunmen that started at the Olympic village and eventually resulted in the deaths of 11 members of the Israeli Olympic team.
The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan led to a boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics by a numerous Western states and their allies in protest of Russian actions. In the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics the Soviet Bloc led a retaliatory boycott of the games in response to the American-led Moscow games boycott.
Following the cancellation of wrestling at the Olympics in the 2010s, traditional political rivals Iran, Russia and the United States joined forces to annul the measure. The U.S. hosted a publicity event in New York City with athletes from all three countries to campaign for its reinstatement.
Table tennis.
In the 1970s an exchange of table tennis players from the United States and the People's Republic of China led to a thaw in Sino-American relations that eventually led to U.S. President Richard Nixon's rapprochement with China.
It all began when the Chinese table tennis team invited their U.S. counterparts to their country on an all-expense paid trip during the 1971 World Table Tennis Championships in Japan. "Time magazine" termed it: "The ping heard ‘round the world.'" On April 10, 1971, the team, and accompanying journalists, became the first U.S. sports delegation to enter and break the information blockade since 1949. Although the U.S. team was defeated by their hosts, in return to Premier Chou En-lai’s invitation to more U.S. journalists, the United States government announced that it would lift its 20-year embargo on trade with China. 
A reporter for "Time" noted that table tennis was "an apt metaphor for the relations between Washington and Peking" and that both state motioned a willingness to adapt to the new initiative. However, it was not until July 15, that Nixon would finally be the first U.S. president to pay a visit to China. Thirty-six years later, a three-day "Ping-Ping Diplomacy" event was held at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum during the week of June 9, 2008. The original members of the U.S. and Chinese teams from 1971 were present to participate at the event.
Tennis.
In 2008, Shahar Pe'er, Tzipi Obziler, Andy Ram and Yoni Erlich were supposed to feature in ATP and WTA tournaments in Doha and Dubai, respectively, despite bans on Israeli passport holders from entering both countries. Peer was refused a visa to Dubai the following year following the Gaza war with the organisers saying "We do not wish to politicise sport but we have to be sensitive to recent events in the whole region and not alienate or put at risk the players or the many tennis fans of different nationalities that we have in the United Arab Emirates." The WTA chief executive Larry Scott later reacted saying some "sanctions" would be issued on Dubai. She also faced protests following the war during a tournament in New Zealand.
During the 2010 US Open tennis tournament India's Rohan Bopanna and Pakistan's Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi reached the men's doubles finals, eliciting responses from political leaders in both countries. Supporters from both countries, including the respective United Nations ambassadors, sit in the stands together. Rashid Malik, Pakistan's Davis Cup coach, said "The success of their team so far has been a big encouragement for both countries, it will only have a peaceful and positive impact on their people." Manohar Singh Gill, India's sports minister, asked "I have one question for everyone. If Bopanna and Qureshi can play together, why cannot India and Pakistan?"
The two were also involved in another campaign promoted by the Monaco-based "Peace and Sport" when they wore sweat shirts with slogans reading "Stop War, Start Tennis." They refer to themselves as the "Indo-Pak Express." Such a high profile collaboration meant this was read as a "unique" partnership. Qureshi said "It just feels like us doing well on the bigger level is getting the message across throughout the world - if me and Rohan can get along so well there's no reason the Indians and Pakistanis can't get along with each other. If even two or three per cent of people say, 'If they can get along why can't we?' that's what we're trying to do. "They're all mixed together sitting in the crowd. You can't tell who is Pakistani and who is Indian. That's the beauty about sports. Before our pairing you would never see that in any sports, fighting for one cause. It's really good to be part of it."
After their finals defeat, Qureshi spoke to the crowd to "say something on behalf of all Pakistanis, every time I come here, there's a wrong perception about the people of Pakistan. They are very friendly, very loving people. We want peace in this world as much as you guys." He then made a political appeal to the controversial "Ground Zero mosque" saying "For me, as a Muslim, that's what makes America the greatest country in the world - freedom of religion, freedom of speech. If the mosque is built, I think it's a huge gesture to all the Muslim community out there in the world. I would really appreciate it." Indian and Pakistani fans filled the stadium for the final as the two U.N. ambassadors again sat together in the President's Box. Pakistan's ambassador Abdullah Hussain Haroon said "They've proven that when Indians and Pakistanis get together we can raise fire. I think on a people-to-people basis, they're setting an example that the politicians should follow."
Countries.
South Africa.
Most famously, the sporting boycott of South Africa during Apartheid was said to have played a crucial role in forcing South Africa to open up their society and to end a global isolation. South Africa was excluded from the 1964 Summer Olympics, and many sports' governing bodies expelled or suspended membership of South African affiliates. It was said that the "international boycott of apartheid sport has been a powerful means for sensitising world opinion against apartheid and in mobilising millions of people for action against that despicable system." This boycott "in some cases helped change official policies."
The South African Table Tennis Board (SATTB), a body founded in contravention to the white South African table tennis board, was replaced for the latter by the International Table Tennis Federation. While the SATTB team was able to participate in the world championships held in Stockholm in 1957, team members were immediately refused passports by the government. It ruled that no black could compete internationally except through the white sports body.
Started in 1980, the United Nations "Register of Sports Contacts with South Africa" - a record of sports exchanges with South Africa and a list of sportsmen who have participated in sports events in South Africa - prove to be an effective instrument to discourage collaboration with apartheid sport. In the 1980s South Africa was also expelled from most international sports bodies. The International Olympic Committee even adopted a declaration against "apartheid in sport" on June 21, 1988, for the total isolation of apartheid sport.
The country's hosting and winning of the 1995 Rugby World Cup was a powerful boost to post-apartheid South Africa's return to the international sporting scene. The 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa also drew similar parallels and questions as to whether race could be overcome, this was especially true following the death of Eugene Terreblanche.
United States.
Fans of NASCAR are generally considered by the media of the United States to fall within the Republican base as an "almost exclusively white, conservative racing crowd", the "white, middle-aged, working-class Southern men" who were coveted in the first decades of 21st century during electoral campaigns. Joe Gibbs, a NASCAR team owner, spoke at the 2008 Republican National Convention. Almost 90 percent of political contributions from those affiliated with NASCAR go to Republican candidates. Texas Governor, Rick Perry sponsored NASCAR Champion Bobby Labonte's car for an election campaign in 2010. Labonte was reported to have been paid $225,000 to carry the "rickperry.org" logo. In 2000, then Republican primary candidate Rudy Giuliani made an appearance at the Daytona International Speedway.
A study of elections has shown that the result of sports events can affect the overall results. A study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science showed that when the home team wins the game before the election, the incumbent candidates can increase their share of the vote by 1.5 percent, while a loss had the opposite effect. The study looked at NCAA football games from 1946 to 2008. In addition, the study found that colleges with higher attendance rates had a larger effect on the results, up to 3%. The effects are increased even further if the game is an upset, that is, if the team expected to win does not. Other studies have confirmed these results for other sports, such as baseball and basketball. The study authors concluded that the win made voters feel better about society, boosting votes for the incumbent, while losses made voters feel worse, sending votes to the challenger. There was some speculation that the result of certain games could even decide the 2012 United States presidential election.
In the United States elections, 2010, at least five former athletes ran on Republican tickets for political office. Chris Dudley took part in his first political race for Governor of Oregon after playing for the Portland Trail Blazers. He also helped persuade former Philadelphia Eagles' Jon Runyan to run for New Jersey's 3rd congressional district against a first-term Democrat John Adler. Shawn Bradley of the Philadelphia 76ers and Dallas Mavericks ran for a seat in Utah's legislature; Keith Fimian, who played for the Cleveland Browns, sought an House seat from Virginia; and former Washington Redskins' Clint Didier sought a Republican nomination for Senate in Washington state. Only Runyan won his election.
Baseball players union boss Don Fehr contributed to the presidential primaries for George W. Bush, Al Gore, Bill Bradley and John McCain. Cincinnati Reds owner Carl Lindner contributed $1.4 million to the Republican party and $1 million to the US Democratic party. Former MLB pitcher Jim Bunning was also a senator once. NFL quarterback Heath Schuler has served as a member of the House of Representatives, as well as Bill Bradley and Jack Kemp.
Olympic gold medalist Carl Lewis planned to run for office from New Jersey, though his attempt was blocked and he awaited an appeal hearing.
In 2002, the US State Department initiated a sports exchange programme entitled "SportsUnited" to encourage dialogue between children from the ages of 7–17. The programme seeks to bring together international students with their counterparts in the U.S. to establish links with American professional athletes and to expose them to American culture. Another programme encourages U.S. athletes to travel to and learn about foreign cultures and the challenges young people face in other countries. "SportsUnited" has partaken in 15 different sports in nearly 70 countries.
Others.
More recently Manny Pacquiao was elected to the House of Representatives of the Philippines in 2010 and Vitali Klitschko was elected to the Ukrainian Parliament as leader of the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform in 2012.
President Serzh Sargsyan is also Chairman of the Armenian Chess Federation. Olympic Champion Yurik Vardanyan is an advisor to Sargsyan.
Red Kelly became a Canadian MP while playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Former cricketer Navjot Singh Sidhu ran three successful campaigns (including a by-election resulting from his own resignation) to become a member of parliament in the Lok Sabha as a Bharatiya Janata Party candidate. In the 2009 general election, former captain Mohammed Azharuddin also won a seat in parliament from outside his home territory. Kirti Azad also won a seat in parliament from Darbhanga, Bihar from the BJP. Sachin Tendulkar was sworn in as a MP in the Rajya Sabha on 4 June 2012, while he was active in the sports field. Olympic gold-medalist Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore joined the BJP. It was said that, in India, "celebrities...are a time-tested tool for the political parties to tide over their bankruptcy." Former football player Avertano Furtado was also elected as a MLA in Goa. Former hockey player Pargat Singh was also elected as a MLA in Punjab for the Shiromani Akali Dal.
Former chess player Gary Kasparov also became an opposition activist in his native Russia.
Former offshore powerboat racer Daniel Scioli became vice-president of Argentina between 2003 and 2007 and is currently the Governor of the Province of Buenos Aires, considered one of the most influential political jobs in Argentina. Carlos Espínola, a windsurfer and Olympic medalist, also entered politics and is, as of 2013, mayor of his native city in Corrientes Province.

</doc>
<doc id="19233199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233199" title="Hadrohybus">
Hadrohybus

Hadrohybus is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida.

</doc>
<doc id="19233200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233200" title="Jean Joseph François Poujoulat">
Jean Joseph François Poujoulat

Jean Joseph François Poujoulat (January 28, 1808, Montferrand-la-Fare – January 5, 1880, Paris), was a French historian and journalist.
Poujoulat was co-author with Joseph François Michaud of the "Bibliothèque des Croisades", and traveled with him through European and Asiatic Turkey in the study of the scenes of the Crusades. On their return, they published in 1832-35 the "Correspondence d'Orient". An ardent royalist, and bitterly opposed to the irregular advent of Louis-Philippe to the throne in 1830, he made himself felt in politics through contributions to the "Quotidienne". Having cultivated the fear of republics among the middle classes of France, he helped prepare the ground for the "coup d'état" of Napoleon in 1851; but was determined to war with the new government of Louis-Philippe, through the columns of the "Union", the "Revue des Deux Mondes", and other journals. His "Histoire de Jérusalem", a religious and philosophical study, was crowned by the French Academy in 1840-42; his "Histoire de St. Augustin" in 1844 was similarly praised. In 1863, he published a review of Renan's "Life of Jesus". He was a prolific author of works, mainly on religious history and its current discussions. In "The French Revolution" (orig. ed. 1856) he announce "pour l'honneur de notre pays et la vérité, les crimes ne furent pas de la révolution française". The first legitimist enfonced both chateaubriand and tocqueville so prised by our "demi-suivants" but "vrais cuistres" selon the expression of Bourdieu. Completely unknown by the official thuriferaires of the capital (Furet, Nolte, Courtois). Gage of serious

</doc>
<doc id="19233206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19233206" title="Francisco Bauzá">
Francisco Bauzá

Francisco Bauzá (1849–1899) was a Uruguayan political figure and historian.
Background.
He was the son of Uruguayan independence fighter Rufino Bauzá. 
He was married with María Schiaffino.
He was associated with the Uruguayan Colorado Party.
Public offices.
He served as a Deputy, Senator, and Government Minister. He also served as Uruguayan minister to Brazil.
A noted Roman Catholic in a party which was increasingly secularist, Bauzá opposed the Varela educational reforms which his own party backed.
Toward the end of his life he accepted an appointment to President Juan Lindolfo Cuestas's Council of State.
Historian.
Bauzá was also a noted historian. His particular interest was pre-independence Uruguay, but seen from the perspective of a post-independence Uruguayan national.
Death.
He died in 1899.
References.
Married with María Schiaffino

</doc>
